1848.
fH® &L8M
776
public lands. I affirm tfi.e impossibility of t}ie -
thing by any power. I therefore deny the propo-
sition, that the inhabitants occupying any desi^na,-
ted region of territory belonging to the United
States, can assume a jurisdiction to impose any
conditions upon the purchase and settlement of
lands not belonging, to, them. I deny that, where
the United States has marked out for the purpose
of sale and colonization, a territory, say 600 miles
square, a few settlers could occupy two or three
counties, and because they were first settlers, as-
sume eminent domain, sovereignty, and jurisdic-
tion, over the whole territory'—even beyond the
counties over which they might be scattered; as-
sume power to prescribe who should come after
them, and who not; and on what terms and con-
ditions the great bulk of public lands should be
disposed of, and what not. This, sir, is a matter
of substance with the southern States. It is a mat-
ter of real interest with them, whether their pop-
ulation is to be prevented from amplifying and
expanding; whether, while all the rest of the Union
is clamoring for land, more land, " all the land the
Lord has," (to use the language of a Senator,)
they are to be restricted to their present homes;
whether they are to be proscribed as unlawful emi-
grants to their own territories, unless they shall
have first sacrificed and abandoned everything that
could create a motive to emigration. Sir, the South
wants more lands, as well as the North. We,
too, want cheap, fresh lands. "We, too, want the
means of being relieved from the evits of a crowd-
ed population, and exhausted fields. We, too,
would like to have " contiguous territory," as well
as our brethren of the North. Sir, your lands are
now given away for a trifle, to whomsoever may
choose to occupy them. Indeed, the territory be-
yond the Rocky Mountains, is' filled with unau-
thorized settlers from the free States. What right
bad the people of Oregon to occupy that Territo-
ry? By what authority from the United States,
have they appropriated the lands there? What
right had your adventurers, Mormons and Aboli-
tionists, to occupy the California lands? to appro-
priate them in defiance of the rights of the people
of tlici Union ? And shall it be tolerated, that a
few unauthorized squatters, who have paid us
nothing for the lands' thejj have appropriated,
should turn abput and say to the South, You can-
not buy lands anywhere in" three hundred miles of
us, at whatever price; we have resolved to take
possession in defiance of the owner; ask us no
questions: Having plundered a part, we claim,
thereby, sovereignty of the whole; and we com-
nfand you to keep away.
Sir, this is the real issue, about which I want to
hear gentlemen talk a little; and not the abstract
question of the relations between the Federal Gov-
' eminent and our territories. I want this question
toi go before the country, as it ought to have done
at first. I do not know that I am making any
issue with, or throwing any obstacles in the way
of, any aspirant to the Presidency, in this part of
the House. If I am not misinformed, or misled,
I may hope, and hope sanguinely, that all the gen-
tlemen to whom I have alluded, may come to terms
consistent with the views I have expressed. I
trust it may be so. I wish all the country would
meet together on the only safe platform—the Con-
stitution. I wish all would consent never again to
violate the Constitution. That is a ground on
which rriy support could be obtained by any pub-
lic man whatever. I seek no pretext for opposing
any; I mean only to defend the rights of the South.
This I am obliged to do as a southern Represent-
ative. I take it for granted, others will expect me
to sU the example of defending my own rights,
and those of. my constituents, before they will
help me to defend them. I never imagined that
another could have greater respect for me, person-
ally, or for my rights, than X myself might enter-
tain. _ . _
But, my friend from Virginia has dismissed the
question I make—the only substantial question-
by delivering it over to the Judiciary. The Judi-
ciary^ and not Congress, must determine,"whether
slavery can exist in California. So, the Judiciary
enters into a territory my friend holds, but the
Legislature cannot go there. Now, I had sup-
posed the Government was compacted; that every
part was blended with all the other parts, though
differing in nature; that there could be no perfect
operation of one of the parts of Government, with-
out the cooperation of alt'the others. How, then,
I should like to understand, could our Judiciary
go where our Legislature, or the whole^ Govern-
ment, could not go ?
But admitting the question to belong to the Ju-
diciary, why should that disconnect it from the
politics of the country ? I had supposed the polit-
ical views of the country were expected to be
harmonized in the different branches of the Gov-
ernment—that difference of views amojig the de-
partments, were intended to be.annihilated in their
reciprocal action upon one another, and that the
whole operation of the system would produce
unity, instead of establishing diversity. And we
must all be aware of the inevitable influence which
the legislative branch exerts upon the others. Sir,
I have no idea of dismissing questions involving
the most vital interests of the country, on the
ground that they are properly in the hands of the
judiciary. If deference is to be shown to any one
department of the Government, let it be the Con-
gress, the people's representatives, elected at shoft
intervals, and quickly responsible, whose authority
is to determine not what is, but what shall be, law;
to establish all public regulations affecting the rights
of individuals; and not to that department whjch
is, in a sense, our subordinate, and whose duty it
is to apply the law as it is to cases that may arise,
whether the law be right or wrong. It was main-
tained,by Hamilton, one of the so-called Federal-
ists of the day—and he supposed that no man
on this side of the House would admit that he was
less a Democrat than Alexander Hamilton—that
Congress was the supreme branch of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BRODHEAD (the floor being yielded)
would like to know from the gentleman from South
Carolina, whether this Congress could add to or
take from the constitutional power and rights of
slaveholders? If they had the constitutional right
to go into the new territories and hold their slaves,
that power would be given to them by the judi-
ciary deciding upon the Constitution.
Mr. WOODWARD said he was coming to that
point. How was the judiciary to get into the
Territories, if you kept the other departments out?
I speak in reference to the question of slavery.
What judiciary does my friend from.Pennsylvania
mean ? The courts of the United States, or the local
courts of the Territory? The United States court
could only get there in company with the Consti-
tution and the laws; and it could only take juris-
diction of cases arising under the Constitution and
laws of this Government—I mean all descriptions
of laws made through its different functions, legis-
lative and treaty-making.
Mr. BAYLY wished to be allowed'to ask a sin-
gle question, and (the floor being yielded) inquired
if his friend from South Carolina meant to main-
tain the proposition that the Congress of the United
States could pass a law or legislate m any manner
upon the subject of slavery in the Territories ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I am not talking about
that. I was asking how the Federal court could
get jurisdiction of a slave case ?
Mr. BAYLY. Is not the Constitution of the
United States the supreme law of the land; and is
not it part of the law which the judiciary must ad-
minister?
Mr. WOODWARD. Exactly so. But if there
is no constitutional establishment of slavery in the
territory, as you contend, and Congress can make
no law for that purpose, as all agree, how is the
United States court to get jurisdiction of a slave
case there? That's the question. I am told that
slavery could only exist by the laws of the terri-
tory. Now, who is to ad judge the laws of the ter-
ritory, but the courts of the territory' So my friend
puts us in the hands of territorial authority at
last.
Mr. BAYLY. Do you say that the Constitu-
tion establishes slavery m a territory?
Mr. WOODWARD. No; it only recognizes it.
But I was not on that subject. It has been asserted
that slavery could exist in a territory only by local
authority. If so, then I say, one's right to his
slave could be adjudged only by the local judica-
ture—and we have no protection in the judicial
department of the Federal Government, as has been
asserted. Now, I should like to have some guar-
anty for my rights beyond this.
Mr. BAYLY. How will you get it?
Mr. WOODWARD. If those having a com-
mon interest with me, in this subject, will stand
by me, I will get a guaranty'. * %
• ■. ■ • - ■ - "
Mr. LAHM asked the gentleman .from Sottth
Carolina if .he should peinaye to a Territory with
his slave,, and the slave should there e.Uunv.his
freedom, and should.be brought upfon ajMtegs
corpus to-the Supreme Court, if the gentleman
pleased, would not the Supreme Court deeide
whether by the Constitution,, without legislative
action, the gentleman could hold a slave thus taken
into a Territory or not? , . ,,,
Mr. WOODWARD said the gentleman, might
resort to precise technicalities, to make .difficult
eases, such as he did not intend now to enter upon,
even if the refinements of municipal law w-ere
properly applicable to great constitutional ques-
tions. But suppose a slave should- escape into the
District of Columbia,- would not the remedy pro-
vided in the Constitution apply? I mean the rem-
edy in the case of fugitive slaves. Would the
gentleman contend that an obligation which rested
on the whole people of the Union, did not rest on
the Government itself? The gentleman from Virr
ginia had argued, some two years since, that this
was a local Legislature as regarded this District,
and under the same obligations as State Legisla-
tures. But whether it was or not, it was bound
to perform all the duties, "in this respect, towards
the people of the States, which they owed to one
another. Theinjunction was upon all the people
of the Union. I take the ground that a territory-
is a dependency, like the District of Columbia.
The argument of my friend from Virginia, yester-
day, made it a State, partly in the Union, and
partly out. There is not,<?nc power conceded to.
a State, he did not concede to a Territory; nor one
conceded to this Government in a Territory, he
did not concede to it in a State. -If he admits any
difference in the distribution of power in the two
cases, I should like to have him point it out. It
would puzzle him to do so, consistently with his
territorial doctrines.
Mr. BAYLY did not rise, after the great indul-
gence shown him yesterday, to engage in this de-
bate again. He had not argued the proposition at
all which the gentleman fr.om South Carolina has
this day mooted. He expressly declined to argue
it yesterday, on the ground that this House has no
jurisdiction-over it. The whole burden of his argu-
ment was, tq show that Congress had no jurisdic-
tion to legislate on the subject of slavery in .the
Territories, and whether he established that propoi
sition to the satisfaction'of everybody else he knew
not, but he did it to his own. If, then, he sucr
ceeded in establishing the proposition that Con-
gress had no authority to legislate on the subject
of slavery iti the Territories, it seemed to him, that
as far as theywere concerned, the argument was
at an end. He referred certainly to the question
which the gentleman from South Carolina had
brought into the discussion, that, by the act ac-
quiring territory, slavery was established in such
territory. He referred to that opinion simply; he
did not argue it. He declined to do so because it
was a question which Congress could not decide,
Mr. FICKLIN asked, if Congress should ac-
quire territory with existing laws prohibiting slan
very, would the Constitution of the United States
abrogate those laws ?
Mr. BAYLY said that was a question which he
declined to argue the other day, and he also refused
to argue it now, because it was a question which
Congress could not decide. There was but one
way on the face of the earth by which Congress
could decide anything, and that was by the pas-
sage of a law. If, then, they had no right to pass-
laws on the subject, it was a question which they
could not decide.
There was another proposition which he also
referred to as a mooted question. It was, that the
territorial legislature could either legalize slavery
where it did not exist, or abolish it where it did.
He declined to argue that also, because Congress
could not decide it. He took it that both these
i questions were judicial questions. They were
questions which could be decided alone by the
courts. If they could be decided by any other tri-
bunal than the courts, he begged to be informed by
an y lawyer in the House, or by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] hei beingone
of the most eminent, where they could be decided.
Mr WOODWARD inquired how the gentle-
man from Virginia would get a question before the
courts? 4
Mr BAYLY was greatly surprised at the ques-
tion. ' Why, in his'own practice, he had raised
