1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
fearful that the law was against him—if he took
it for granted that the courts would so decide,'then
he would advise that gentleman tq go against the
acquisition of all territory, for .in no other way
. could the gentleman he relieved. The gentleman
said he could. In the name of common sense, let
the gentleman tell him how this question was to be
settled in advance, if, as the gentleman admitted,
Congress had no control over it?
Mr. WOODWARD made the proposition that
Congress could and ought to legislate for the
protection ©f the rights of the slaveholders as pre-
scribed by the Constitution. The gentleman from
Virginia said the courts had to determine the ques-
tion. if that were so, he never would consent to
make a case for them.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman now has changed
his position. He*now says Congress has a right
to legislate on the subject.
JMr. WOODWARD. Let the gentleman under-
stand me correctly* There is a special jurisdiction
in certain cases conferred on Congress, for the pro-
tection of the rights of slaveholders. I allude to
the provision in the case of fugitive slaves, and for
using tlje records and judicial proceedings in a
State in such a case, if necessary. But I did not
propose to discuss that question, or any power of
Congress, but to define the issue before the coun-
try.
Mr. BAYLY said that was entirely a new ques-
tion. The right to recapture fugitive slaves was
one thing,"but the question which the gentleman
from South Carolina had discussed was a different
one. No man would deny that the provision
of the Constitution to which the gentleman had
referred operated in every State of this Union; but
the question whether a territory was a free or a
slave territory was an entirely different question.
The question which he had been arguing was not
in reference to a fugitive but a resident slave with
his master. Would that provision of the Consti-
tution enable a master to hold his slave in Maine
or Massachusetts? Would it enable a master to
remove to either of the free States, take up his
residence there, and continue to hold his slave?
Nobody would maintain that,. The gentleman
from South Carolina was too good a lawyer to be-
lieve that; but the gentleman argued that slavery
would exist as a fact in territory acquired. Well,
but who was to decide whether it did or not? Con--
grees could not decide it. If Congress should
undertake to decide, its decision would not be
obligatory on the courts. The gentleman from
South Carolina had spoken of the judiciary of a
territory, but the gentleman kn#w well that it was
a question that would come before the Federal Ju-
diciary, under the laws and Constitution of the"
United States, for it was expressly provided that
the Supreme Court 6hall have jurisdiction in such
cases. He regretted to differ on a proposition of
this sort with a gentleman from a southern State;
and with a few words on this subject, he closed his
remarks, and then resumed his seat.
Mr. MURPHY next addressed the committee
on the general subject of slavery. [This speech
will be found m the Appendix.]
When Mr. M. concluded—
Mr. COCKE obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee rise; which was agreed to, and the
committee rose and reported progress according-
ly.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, it
was resolved that when the House adjourns on
Monday next, it adjourn to meet again on Thurs-
day, for the purpose of changing the carpets of the
House.
Mr. VINTON moved the usual resolution to
close the debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union in one hour on the bill making
•appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1849,
after the House shall again resolve itself into com-
mittee on that bill. Agreed to.
NAVY PENSIONS.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill making appropriations for the payment
of navy pensions for the year ending June 30,1849,
reported by the Committee of the Whole without
amendment, and the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed; and being engrossed, was read the third
time, passed, and sent to the Senate for concur-
rence.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 17, 1848.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Massachusetts in re-
lation to a reduction of postage, accompanied by
a memorial from the State Legislature. The prop-
osition is to charge two cents on each letter of half
an ounce, and one cent on all nevvspaprs; the latter
to be prepaid. The resolutions were ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
made a report recommending a concurrence in the
amendments ,of the House to the bill extending
certain privileges to American vessels engaged in a
certain mentioned trade, and for other purposes;
which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported House bill for the
relief of William Via, without amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made an adverse report on the claim of
Hugh W. Wormley.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to report to the Senate such information as may be in the
Treasury Department in r< gard to the manner in which the
interest of Ui« public debt has been paid at Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, and other pl.ices in which the intere&t
on the public debt is paid, and particularly that he inform
the Senate whether m any instance payment has been made
in any other medium than gold or silver.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the payment of revolutionary and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending the
30th June, 1849, was read the first and second time
by ;ts title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The bill from the House to amend the act enti-
tled "An act to appropriate the proceeds of the
public lands and to grant preemption rights,;j &c.,
was read a first and second time by us title, and
referred to the Committee on Public lands.
The bill from the,House authorizing a register
for the barque Incarnacion was read a first and
second time by its title.
On motion of Mf. MOOR, the ordinary rules
were dispensed with, and the bill was read a third
time and passed.
The amendments of the House to Senate bill
explanatory of the act entitled "An act to raise for
a limited time an additional military force, and for
other purposes," were taken up and concurred in.
The private bills from the House were also read
a first and second time by their titles, and appro*
priately referred.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to authorize the relinquishment of the 16th
section in certain cases and the selection of other
lands in lieu thereof; which was ordered to be en-
grossed, and was subsequently read a third time,
by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. GREENE psked of the Senate, as a favor
to himself, that it would take up the bill for the
relief of Robert Purkis; which was agreed to.
Mr. G. explained the grounds on which the bill
rested, and gave a history of the gallantry of Mr.
Purkis, in recapturing a vessel taken by the Brit-
ish in the war of 1812, and delivering to the au-
thorities of Newport four British prisoners. The
bill, on the motion of Mr. G., was so amended as
to insert $700 in the place of $400, and was then
ordered to be engrossed, and was, by unanimous
consent, read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to authorize
notaries public to take and certify oaths, affirma-
tions, and acknowledgments in certain cases.
The bill having been amended, at the suggestion
of Mr. BADGER, so as to include the District of
Columbia, was ordered to be engrossed, and was
subsequently read a third time, by unanimous con-
sent, and passed.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the bill to alter and
amend the charter of the city of Washington was
read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the bill for the re-
lief of Clements, Bryant & Co. was recommitted to
the Committee of Claims. •
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the Senate
took up for consideration the bill providing for the
obtaining of testimony in, relation toleiatms fdr
losses sustained in the late war in Florida. ; ; ;
The bill being under consideration as in Com*
mittee of the Whole— *• -
Mr. BREESE expressed a desire to hear some
explanation of the object of this bill. It appeared
to him to be one of too great importance to be
hastily passed. There was a bill pending in the
House for the creation of a board of claims, which
would cover all these cases.
Mr. WESTCOTT made a brief explanation, in
which he was understood to refer to the difficul-
ties which have existed in the way of collecting
testimony, in consequence of the distances be-
tween the places where it was to be sought for.
He was opposed to the bill establishing a board of
claims in this city. He was against the increase
of Federal patronage here, where public officers
only labor from nine till three, occupying only six
hours a day, and devoting a great portion of that
to reading newspapers. He hoped the Senator
from Illinois would consent to withdraw his objec-
tions.
Mr. CLAYTON said, that if the Senator from
Florida was against the establishment of a board
of claims, he (Mr. C.) was in favor of it. The
bill now under consideration might lay the found-
ation for the expenditure of millions. He was
against"adopting one rule for the State of Florida,
and a different one for all the other States of the
Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD was of opinion, that,
whether the House bill, which had been refeired
to, came here or not, this bill, or something like
it, must pass. As a member of the committee, he
had paid some attention to the subject, and he had
suggested a plan. The effect of the bill would
not be to put the State of Florida on a better
footing than other States. He was in favor of
the bill, because he desired to fix some rule the
operation of which might be advantageous to the
country. It would do away with ex parte testi-
mony. He could have wished to obtain a general
Jaw, but that he had been unab'e to effect. There-
fore, he should go in favor of adopting a rule for
this large,class of cases in Florida. He thought
good policy required that this bill should pass.
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the further
consideration of the bill was then postponed untii
to-morrow, for the purpose of taking up the spe-
cial order.
. OCCUPATION OF YUCATAN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill to ena
ble the President of the United States to take tem-
porary military occupation of Yucatan.
The question being on the amendment proposed
by Mr. Dix—•
Mr. DIX rose to explain his amendment. He
stated the position of Yucatan at this moment, re-
duced by her helplessness to offer the surrender of
her sovereignty to any nat*on which will aid in
her rescue from the hostility of the Indians which
threaten the extermination of the white inhabit-
ants. The President had,as he was bound to do,
communicated to the Senate the proposition of
Yucatan to our Government. The Committee on
Military Affairs had reported a bill. This being
a question relative to the internal difficulties in
which Yucatan is involved, becomes one of some
delicacy and complexity. As we lay down the
rule that interference with the domestic concerns
of other nations cannot be permitted by foreign
governments, it is our duly to take care that we
ourselves do not violate this rule. But there were,
in the case of Yucatan, circumstances which seem-
ed to authorize and justify some inteiference on
our part. He proceeded to give a succinct histoiy
of the changes in Yucatan, which had resulted in
her obtaining, not an entire, but a qualified inde-
pendence of Mexico. He viewed her as occupy-
ing a neutral position in relation to the United
States.
By the treaty with Mexico, we are restrained
from any hostile act towards any part of the ter-
ritory of Mexico. He did not see that we could
take military occupation of Yucatan, under a rigid
construction of the treaty with Mexico, without
subjecting ourselves to the imputation of bad faith.
He expressed a hope that the chairman of Foreign
Relations would not adhere to the first section of
the bill. A3 to the othersections of the bill, they
had his entire acquiescence. The outrages which
