780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
rlarhts and powers and duties. The occupation of
the disputed territory, while Mexico was. in pos-
session of it, was an act of war; it was an $ct of
war committed by the President of the United
States, while the Constitution clearly and unequiv-
ocally vested that power in Congress. The Pres-
ident had no right to do it; and hence the order of
the 13th January, 1846, directing Genera! Taylor
to march his troops and take a position on the left
bank of the Rio Grande, was an act of war, and
an unnecessary and unconstitutional act, by which
all the horrors of war had been made familiar to
the two Republics.
He was aware it had been urged that the Presi-
dent had sent to Mexico a messenger of peace in
the person of Mr. Siidell; but if all the instructions
given to Mr. Siidell were made known, he felt sat-
isfied that it would appear that even the President
did not then regard the Rio Grande as the western
boundary of Texas. It became all-important,
therefore, to the Administration that those instruc-
tions should be withheld from the people. Give
to them publicity, and the arguments of the friends
of the present Executive would be at once over-
thrown, and their lips would forever be sealed on
this question. It was, therefore, the interest of
that party not to communicate them. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Turner] had told them that
if these instructions were communicated they would
give important information to the enemy. His lan-
guage was as follows: '
"It will be apparent that sound policy required, that
while negotiations for peace were pending, those instructions
should not he made public, for it is well known that what-
ever is published in this House soon finds its way iuto Mexi-
co ; and if the importance the President attaches to the pur-
chase of the bay of San Francisco should be made'known to
Mexico, it would induce them to hold out for the most ex-
orbitant terras."
Now, although those instructions had not been
communicated to this House, they had somehow
found their way into the newspapers, and the gen-
tleman from Illinois had shown an intimate ac-
'quaintance with their contents. Their unofficial
publication perhaps might attach to them some
distrust; but had not the gentleman from Illinois,
in daring, as a member of the President's party,
to make such disclosures thus authoritatively, ex-
posed himself to the charge of affording "aid and j
comfort to the enemy?" However that might be, i
the disclosures had clearly shown that Mr. Sli- I
dell's Mission was not so much to restore friendly !
relations between the two Republics as to acquire
New Mexico and California. It was apparent
that he was sent out to promote another scheme of
annexation which the President then had in con-
templation. But, besides that scheme, what were
Mr. Siidell's instructions? Why, to obtain the
Rio Grande as the boundary, from its mouth to
its source, including New Mexico, for which he
was authorized to offer five millions of dollars.
And for the acquisition of California, including
Monterey, he was authorized to offer twenty-five
millionsof dollars; and,on thecompletion of either
bargain, this Government would undertake to set-
tle with our citizens who have claims for spolia-
tions on Mexico.
Well, it was understood that a treaty had been
ratified on the part of our Government, though he
would not undertake to say positively what were
its terms, as they were not officially made known.
Its provisions, nevertheless, were said to have
crept into the newspapers; and, as he had not seen
them contradicted, he presumed some reliance
might be placed on them. They must not, how-
ever, forget that the President's object, from
which he had proclaimed he would not swerve,
was " indemnity for the past and security for the
future." This was echoed from the President by
the " Union," his organ, and it had become the
burden of the song of Democracy throughout the
land.
•* Indemnity for the past and security for the
future!" Why, as he had shown, Mr. Siidell
was instructed to offer twenty-five millions of dol-
lars for certain acquisitions and a boundary, in the
first instance; and our own Government, if reports
were true, had agreed to pay upwards of twenty
millions of dollars, by a treaty, which would secure
to us the territory which Mr. Siidell was instructed
to purchase for twenty-five millions. What, then,
became of " indemnity for the past and security
for the future?" Was nothing meant by that as-
sertion of a determination on the part of the Pres-
ident; or was it merely used to hoodwink the
people? How could the President escape from
the charge of insincerity? What said the Presi-
dent, in his last annual message, on this subject,
for he desired to give the President the benefit of
his own statement? On page eight he says:
"The doctrine of no territory is the doctrine of no in-
demnity; and, if sanctioned, would be a public acknowl-
edgment that our country was wrong, and that the war
declared by Congress with extraordinary unanimity was un-
just, and should be abandoned—an admission unfounded in
fact, arid degiading to the national character."
And again, on page 14, he says:
« In my annual message to Congress, in December last, I
declared that {the war has not been waged with a view to
conquest; but. having been commenced by Mexico, it has
been carried into the enemy's country, and will be vigorous-
ly prosecuted there, with a view to obtain an honorable
peace, and thereby secure ample indemnity for the expenses
of the war, as well as to our much injured citizens, who
hold large pecuniary demands against Mexico.' Such, m
my judgment, continues to be our true policy; indeed the
onl> policy Which will probablysecure a permanent peace."
And, on page 14, he agatn says:
" We demand an honorable peace, and that peace must
luing with it indemnity for the past and security for the
futuie."
Such were the professions of the President.
" Indemnity for the past and security for the future"
was his determination, and no treaty that did not
contain these provisions, he told them emphatical-
ly, would meet his sanction and approval; and yet
he had adopted a treaty made by an unauthorized
agent with Mexico, securing to us New Mexico
and California on the payment of twenty millions
of dollars—a sum much greater than the whole of
that territoiy was worth; and, in addition to that,
we were to assume the debts due to private citizens
for spoliations. Where, then, he again asked, was
this vaunted " indemnity for the past and security
for the future ?" Where was the indemnity for the
expenses of the war? And, he might well ask,
what were the expenses of the war ? Did the com-
mittee know what this war was to cost us? For
two long years we had been engaged in a war, and
what was to be its cost? Was it intended to esti-
mate New Mexico and California as equal in value
to the expenses of that war, together with the
twenty millions that we were to pay for those ter-
ritories? Was that the purpose of this Adminis-
tration ? Again he asked, what were the expenses
of this war? What were the appropriations which
Congress had made for its prosecution5 He had
undertaken to make a calculation of theseexpenses,
and he found that Congress had appropriated al-
ready, including the twenty millions which was to
be paid under the treaty and an estimate of the pub-
lic lands which were to be given to the soldiers who
had served in Mexico, the sum of §105,751,301 56.
This sum was exclusive of the expenses of the sev-
eral States in- furnishing necessary supplies to the
troops before they were mustered into service, and
the amount that would be requisite to bring the
troops home. And beyond all this, there was the
large amount to be paid to our gallant soldiers and
their widows, in the way of pensions. Such was
a rough estimate of the expenses of this war; and
did they seriously propose to value New Mexico
and California at that amount? Why, if the war
were wound up to-day, the cost of it would not be
less than two hundied millions of dollars—not a
cent less. And would they value this acquisition
of territory at two hundred millions of dollars?
He could not believe that such an idea was enter-
tained in any quarter.
But again : if Mexioo owed our citizens five mil-
lions of dollars, and she was to be held responsible
for the expenses of the war, as the President as-
sured them she should be, why should we pay to
her fifteen millions of dollars? Why should one
cent be paid to her? This territory, which we
were to acquire, was not worth one-tenth of the
amount which the war had cost us, and yet we
were to obtain ''indemnity for the past and secu- j
riry for the future," by paying to her fifteen mil- :
lions of dollars. Oh! it was all a humbug, and a!
gross attempt to delude the honest people of this
country, who had too long confided in this Admin- !
istration. He was very much pleased a few days !
since with an illustration given by the gentleman :
from Indiana [Mr. Embree] of the amount of the
cost of this expensive war. The idea was a familiar
and a happy one, and it was calculated to strike the
minds of the people with great force, ft brought
the subject before them in a manner by which it
could be understood. He (Mr. C.) had had oc:
casion to follow out that gentleman's train of
thought, and he had submitted to the same illus-
tration the larger amount which we have now ex-
pended. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Em-
bree] estimated the expenses of the war by wagon
loads, and he allowed 35 cwt. to a team, and that
was agood load, in his (Mr. C. 's) judgment, though
there might be a few teams in Pennsylvania equal
to a greater load. Assuming, however, that cal-
culation, and taking the amount of our expendi-
tures at $105,000,000, we had 1,857 wagon loads
of silver dollars. And how far did they calculate
those te&ms would reach? Why, when moving in
a direct line, they would extend more than twenty-
one miles, even when following close upon each
other. But that was not all. To the sum which
he had stated as the amount of our expenditures
must be added the interest on the debt which had
been incurred. And how much would that amount
to? Why, to over six millions annually.
Mr. STEPHENS. Which is to go to Europe.
Mr. COCKE. Yes, as has been suggested by
the gentleman from Georgia, which is to go to
Europe. Now, apply the mode of illustration of
the gentleman from Indiana to this annual interest,
and they would see 11& wagon loads of silver dol-
lars, extending a mile and a quarter in length,
bearing over six millions of dollars a year to our
seacoast, to be shipped to foreign lands, for the
benefit of men of other nations; and yet, oh Shame-
less hypocrisy! the President was obtaining for
us u indemnity for the past and security for the
future!"
This, however, was only the money considera-
tion; and if that were all, gladly, oh, how gladly,
would he be willing to ingulf it in the ocean, and
bury it forever from human remembrance! " In-
| demnity for the past!" What indemnity would
they give to those sonless mothers who had been
bereft of the comfort of their age in this desolating
war? What 44 indemnity" had they to offer to
console the sorrows of widowhood? Were the
lives of sons and husbands estimated as nothing?
Were they of no account? Was the cost of this
war merely a cost of dollars and cents? Were
they alive to no other than mercenary considera-
tions? Was the host of gallant spirits lost in this
war, to sink beneath the value of dross? If the
mighty host of brave men who had fallen in this
strife of arms could be restored to their friends and
their country; if this country could be restored to
its condition at the period when this war began,
he would forget that we had sacrificed millions of
wealth in the conflict. He had before him an esti-
mate of the number of men lost in this war, in a
report from the Adjutant General, in compliance
with a resolution of this House. This report ex-
hibited the number of deaths according to the last
returns, specifying those killed in battle and those
who died of their wounds, together with those who
had died in consequence ofdiseases to which the ser-
vice had subjected them. And what did the com-
mittee think the loss of the country amounted to
in human lives? Why, 7,907 gallant spirits had
fallen in battle or died of their wounds.
Mr. STEPHENS. And how many have died
of disease incidental to the service in the hospitals?
Mr. COCKE. Yes, how many have silently
passed away, where death stalks abroad like
" destruction that wasteth at noonday," who can
tell? Of those discharged from the service for dis-
ability, this report shows there were 6,558; but
how many of those died on their way to their
homes after their dischaige, no statement could be
made. At least one-third had doubtless died of
diseases contracted in the service, and the total
j sacrifice of lives in battle and by disease could not
■ fall short of fifteen thousand. And, to all this, add
j those mangled frames that had succeeded in reach-
ing their homes, as melancholy monuments daily
' to remind us of the horrid carnage and destruction
; and desolation that were consequent on wars!
i They could not pass through the streets even now
! without meeting the remnants of men whose limbs
! had been torn from their bodies.
I But look again at the disastrous effects of this
I war over the whole countiy, and not alone on the
j brave soldiers who had fought our battles. Behold
j the widows and orphans that had been left hus-
j bandless and fatherless. How were they going
I to " indemnify" them for the past, and give them
j " security" for the future? Go to the country, visit
j their mountain homes, hunt out the widows and
! orphans, enter the hovels of sorrow and misfor-
j tune, witness their desolation, and then talk to
1 them of 41 indemnity for the past and security for
