1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5-81
the future." What indemnity would restore a
husband to the widow, and a father to the father-
less? On whom were they to lean, now that their
earthly stay and support was'gone? Oh J go to
them in their wretchedness and talk to them of
" indemnity," and their tears would fall like burn-
ing curses uporij$rour garments. Bravely did our
soldiers bear aloft the banner of our country in
Mexico. W-herever danger was present they were
ready to rally. On every battle field of Mexico
how much of the best blood of our land had been
poured out as an evidence of their devotion to
their country. How sanguinary soever the con-
flict might be, they followed wherever they were
called upon to go; and the best and noblest spirits
of which this country could boast, have been of-
fered up on the altar of their country, and yet the
place of their burial is forgotten and unknown.
But the Utile streams that burst fresh from the
bloody heights of Cerro Gordo, trickling on their
winding way to the ocean, murmur the requiem
of. the gallant dead, while the dreary valley of
Mexico—
" Waves above them her green leaves,
Dewy with Nature's tear drops * * *
Grieving, if auyht inanimate e'er grieves,
Ovei the unreturning brave."
To this whole country the President of the Uni-
ted States was answerable for bringing on this
calamitous war, and the people would hold him,
and the party that sustained him, to a strict ac-
count/
But to procecd: Will the treaty be ratified by
both Governments who are parties to it? There
were many who thought it would not be ratified;
and why was it so? There were reasons sufficient
to justify the apprehension that it would not be
ratified by Mexico. The course pursued by this
Administration towards our generals in Mexico,
would doubtless have its influence in producing
such a result. What had it done? Why, the
negotiator of the treaty had been ordered under
arrest, and to be sent out of the country in the face
ofthe enemy. And, in addition, the gallant Scott,
who had been invincible in every hard-fought field,
aiid whose name filled the enemy with despair and
despondency, had been stricken down in his glory,
while the laurel wreath of victory encircled his
brow, and, in the face of the enemy, he had been
ordered home in ^apparent disgrace. And could it
be supposed that this attempt to disgrace the old sol-
dier would have no influence on Mexico? Strange,
indeed, it would be if it had -not. And why had
this been done? Because he had dared to execute
an old army order which had been revived by the
War Department for a special purpose; that pur-
pose being to insult and degrade another victorious
soldier (General Taylor) for writing a confidential'
letter to an old, intimate, and gallant friend—Gen-
eral Gaines. For that, General Taylor was insult-
ingly censured by the Secretary of War, and this
old order was revived to punish him, if he should
again venture upon its violation.' But, for execu-
ting that order, which he had been commanded to
execute, General Scott had been suspended from
his command and ordered home. This Adminis-
tration had a fearful account to render to the Amer-
ican people for such conduct.
In the course of some three or four days there
would be a convention held at Baltimore. A Demo-
cratic convention assembled there four years ago,
and gave to this Union us present Executive; and
the convention to sit next week was to select their
candidate for that office for the next term of four
year3. In anticipation of that event, he had been
anxiously looking forsomething from hiscoileagues
on the other side of the House in defence of this
Administration, that the claims of the present occu-
pant of the Presidential chair might go before that
convention. But they had manifested a studied
silence; they had had nothing to say on that sub-
ject. He had been exceedingly solicitous to hear
them say something respecting the next Presi-
dency, and the claims of their favorite candidate.
As a Tennesseean, who had a proper regard for
the credit of his State, as his colleagues refused to
say anything, and declined to present the claims
of the President, he would consider himself as
counsel assigned by the balance of the ^delegation
to present those claims, and endeavor to secure for
him d.ie consideration from that body; and, if he
succeeded in nothing else, he hoped he should suc-
ceed in obtaining for the accused a fair trial.
Mr. 0. W. JONES said, as the friends of his
colleague were in great difficulty about the selec-
tion of a candidate for themselves, they had better
try the President as their candidate.
Mr. COCKE was surprised to hear that the
party of his colleague [Mr. G. W. Jones] were
ready to throw him overboard.
.Mr. JONES said, whoever they did throw over-
board generally went to his colleague's party, and
by it were promoted.
Mr. COOKE said, the accessions to the ranks
of his party from those of his colleague's were not
those who had been thrown overboard, but those
who had left them in disgust. You never throw
any overboard, no matter how much they sin.
You have none to spare.
His time, however, was rapidly passing away,
and he must proceed with his advocacy,as assigned
counsel of the present Executive, whom he was
presenting to the nation, and particularly to the
Baltimore Convention, which was to meet next
Monday to nominate a candidate for the Presi-
dency. He wished it to be distinctly understood
that he was presenting the claims of a Tennesseean
for the next Presidency. And he wished to give
some reasons why those claims should be highly
estimated. But four years ago, the candidate that
he presented to them was the Samson x>f their
party; he was deemed the strongest man; and who
to-day had shorn him of his strength? Had he
not strength enough to stand before the Baltimore,.
Convention? Had he not one solitary friend left
to present his name? Singular, indeed, in its con-
struction, must that Convention be, if it could not
furnish one friend to sustain him who but four
years ago was their Samson.
He was not sure that the Baltimore Convention
could nominate anybody; for it would be a het-
erogeneous assemblage. It would consist of Wil-
mot-proviso men and anti-Wiimot-proviso men,
of Old Hunkeis and Barnburners, of fifty-four-
forty men and those who only went to forty-nine,
of tariff men and anti-tariff men. mternal-improve-
ment men and anu-internal-improvement men,
spoilers and anti-spoilers, warriors and" anti-war-
riors, mdemmfiers, and no-indemnifiers, and a va-
riety of other hues and colors too tedious to men-
tion. And how was all this heterogeneous mass
to harmonize, except by taking the " model?''
Why, not to renominate the present Executive
would be a violation of party usage. Hitherto,
every Democratic President had been renominated,
and why should the present be an exception? To
be sure, it had been asserted that he had expressed
a desire to retire at the close of his present term;
but he had asserted that he would have fifty-four
forty, and then took forty-nine; and, as a friend
near him said, that meant nothing. He repeated,
then, that it would be a violation of party usage
to deny to him the renomination, for it had been
hitherto invariably done. It was given to General
Jackson, and to Mr. Van Buren it was given twice,
and proposed to be given a third time, and would
have been given by a majority.
if the piesent Executive was their strongest
man four years ago, why was he not so now?
What issue had arisen'tp blight his prospects? If
he should not be renominated, it would be a tacit
admission by his own party that they were afraid
to go to the people on the war and other issues
which grew out of it, and be considered by the
country as a virtual condemnation of, his Admin-
istration by the Democracy in convention assem-
bled. if his time was not so nearly exhausted, he
would call their attent4on to other considerations;
he could not, however, abstain from reading an
extract from a recent article by Mr. Ritchie, the
editor of the Executive organ, the Union. That
gentleman said:
" Never sinee tins Government was established has any
Administration been truer than ihe present to the principles
and the pledgee on which it came into power. Whatever
may be t>aid o! it hereattei, eitiu'r.by friend or (oe, tins its
great prai-e, of absolute fidelity to the itconied principle* of
the party that made it, can neither be gainsaid nur denied."
Truer to the principles and pledges on which it
came into power! What were those " principles
and pledges?" Spoils. A most odious and exten-
sive system of spoils. And had any Administra-
tion been truer to those " principles" than the
present? The present Executive had done much
for the party, especially for those from whom he
received his nomination. What had he done for
them? He (Mr. C.) had taken the paws to gather
materials by which to show the manner in which
the President had rewarded those who tendered him
the nomination, and perhaps an exhibition of these
facts might have some influence on the approach-
ing Baltimore Convention. He wished the House
to remember he was only.anting as assigned coun-
sel, believing that if he (Mr. C.) did not under-
take the case, the President would be entirely over-
looked.
He had looked over the list of the delegates to
the last Baltimore Convention, and to show to the
House and to the country how the President.had
rewarded his friends and their connections, he
begged their attention to the document which he
had prepared. It was as follows:
Delegates to the Baltimore Democrtitic Convention in May.
1844, vho have heen reuarded by Mr. Polk, and the amovnt
of the public money which eacK his received or tiiJ receive
during his administration.
Robert J. Walker, Secretary of the Treasury. .|g.. $94,000 00
George Bancroft, Secretary of the Navy..$12$0J
Do. as Minister to Gr. Britain 31,5J0
 43 500 00
Cave Johnson, Postmaster Gen«ra!  24.G0J 00
Nathan CJiftoid, Attorney General 4,350
Do. Commissioner to Mexico..22,500
  93,853 00
Ralph J. Ingersoli, Minister to Russia 3i,5C0
Son of the Minister as Secretary of Lega-
tion     4,0^0
  35,500 00
RomuJus M. Saunders, Minister to Spain   4U,f,0) CO
George W. Hopkins, Charge to Poitugal  14,635 < 0
Andrew J. Donelson, Minister to Prussia  49,500 00
John W. Davis, Commissioner to China  6.<>t0 00
Benjamin G. Shields, Char<{€ to Venezuela  18,000 00
H nry Hubbard, Suhtreasurer at Boston  6^500 00
Marcus Morton, Collector of the Customs, Boston 25^600 00
Phineas Allen, reappointed Postmaster at Pitts-
fi«'J(i, Massachusetts  4,039 48
C.G.Greene, Public Printer, Boston, salary un-
known.
R. Rantoul, jr., Distiict Attorney for Massachu-
setts  16,000 03
Isaac li. Wright, appointed Navy Agent, and re-
jected bv the Senate.
H. K. Smith, Po-tmaster at Buffalo, N. Y  6,847 84
Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Di-tnct Attorney for
the Southern District of New York  24,000 00
John L. Dawson, U. S. District Attorney for the
Western Distiict of Pennsylvania, salary un-
known.
Daniel S. Bizer, Inspector of Customs, Baltimore 4,038 0ft
Gabriel Holmes, District Attorney for North Car-
olina, salary unknown.
W. T. Colquitt, son Paymaster in the Army  3,COO 00
D. B. Turner, Postmaster at HuntsviJle, Alabama 4,696 1®
Charles A. Bradford, Surveyor General, Jackson,
Mississippi  4,003 00
George R. Fall,.Public Printer, Mississippi, salary
unknown.
Samuel H. Lausrhlin, Recorder Land Office   8,000 flOi
Gideon J. Pillow. Brigadier and Major General... 7,470 00
G. A. Caldwell, Major in the Army  3,3.-*4 00
John W. Tibbatis, Colonel in the Army  4,3£2 00
Samuel Medary, Postmaster, Columbu*, Ohio.... 6,128 40
Tlmmas H. Barney, U. S. District Attorney for
Ohio, salary unknown.
W. D. Morgan, Secretai y of Legation to Brazil... 8.000 03
John S. tfmionson, Cnptain of Dragoons:  2.003 03
J C. S!oo. Receiver at Shawneetow ri, Illinois... 4,0u0 00
William Walters, Public Printer, Springfield, Il-
linois, salary unknown.
A. H. Sevier, Comims^oner to Mexico <.. 2^.500 00
W F Ritchie, Public Fi niter  5,00i) 00
Thomas Ritchie, Editor of the Union and Public
Printer 289,478 82
Benjumin II. Biewster, Cherokee Commissioner. 2,920 bO
To be sure, Mr. Ritchie was not in the conven-
tion, but he claimed his right to the spoils upon
the ground that his son was. The ascertained
sums in this table amounted to the convenient sum
of $742,410 56. Truly, the Administration had
been faithful to its friends, and doubtless he would
remunerate them again for like services. Well
might Mr. Ritchie laud this Administration; for
his item proved incontestably how amply he had
been rewarded. Let what will be said of Mr. Folk,
it cannot be denied that he paid iveil.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said that was one'of the
^peculiar principles of the Whigs; thfey always took
good care of their own friends.
Mr. COCKE replied that the party of the gen-
tleman from Georgia always paid better than his
(Mr. C.\s) did, and it was because that party yas
less economical of the public money, and mpre
careful to reward Executive favorites.
He had been very anxious to say a word about
General Taylor and the course of the Administra-
tion towards him, but he had not time todo so.
He was extremely anxious to speak of General
Taylor's position, and to show that it was per-
fectly consistent with the ground upon which the
Whig party had uniformly acted; but he must re-
serve it for some other occasion.
He had not time to read; but he must refer to
one little paragraph front the 44 Union, in order
to show how great wa? the consternation and
alarm of its venerable editor as soon as General
