1848.
T#E CQNei^ESSIQNAI^ GLOBE.
On motion of Mr, CASS, 200 copies of the re-
ports of Lieutenants Emory and ABert, of the ex-
pedition to the Pacific, were ordered to begiven to
the Topographical Bureau for distribution.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr, YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
was no question raised in this House or in the
- Affa rs  reported a bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives and sureties of Benjamin P. Hart, late
purser in the navy of the United States; which
was read a first time.
Mr. YULEE also, fronj the same comrxiitt§e,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the following petitions : From that of John
Crosby; of Henry W, Paine; and of the citizens
of Buffalo, asking for a naval depot for the north-
western lakes; which was agreed to\
- Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported the joint resolution
from the House extending the time for the erection
of certain lighthouses, without amendment.
- Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the re-
liefof L. P. Sanger, accompanied by a report. The
bill was read a first time.
PATENT EXAMINERS.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the Senate
took up the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence on the disagreeing voles of the two Houses
on the bill to provide additional examiners to the
Patent Office and for other purposes, and agreed
to the same.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that Fri-
day and Saturday next be set apart for the consid-
eration of the private bills on the calendar.
Mr. ATHERTON would be happy to accede
to the wishes of the Senator from Louisiana, but
must remind him that there was the military ap-
propriation bill, which it was important should be
acted on with as little delay as possible. He should
call it up during the morning hour to-morrow; and,
as he did not anticipate any discussion, he should
make no objection, after that was disposed of, to
th'6 Motion of the Senator from Louisiana.
■ Mr. BJR.IGHT said fife' had no objection to the
motion, but must also remind the Senator from
Louisiana that'the bill to admU Wisconsin into the
Union ists to have been taken up to-day, but the
Senator from Illinois,'[Mr. Douglas,] who had
the matter in charge, having been unexpectedly
' * called awny yesterday, he (Mr. B.) should feel
bound to tall it up to-morrow, as there were urgent
' reasons why it should be promptly disposed of.
1 Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Why not call
it up to-day, as this is the day set apart?
M'-. BRIGHT replied that there were some
estimates to be furnished, which we.re not quite
ready; and besides that, the Senator from Ohio
(Mr. Allen] was to occupy the floor m answer
to Mr. Johnson, of Maryland.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, would inform
the "Senate-that there were other bills full as im-
portant as any that had been named, and he would
mention, in particular, that"relating to our inter-
course with the Chinese empire, a measure that
was exceedingly important in itself, arid one that
had been already too long suspended for the inter-
ests of our commerce with that country, and he
hoped that private bills would not be permitted to
interfere with those of national importance.
Mr. DICKINSONdesited to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Allen] was to occupy the morning hour in the dis-
cussion on the resolution submitted by Mr. John-
son, of Maryland, only one side of which had been
heard. He would therefore move to lay the reso-
lution of the Senator from Louisiana on the table,
with a view to taking up the resolution alluded to.
The question on Mr. Dickinson's motion having
been taken, it was decided in the affirmative: Ayes
IT, noes 12.
APPOINTMENTS WITHHELD FROM SENATE.
The resolution on this subjfcct was then read as
follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States is re-
quited to inform the Senate whether any officers are now-
in the military or civil service of the United States, under
appointments ftom the President, which have not been sub-
mitted to the Senate; and'if thne be any such appointments,
that he state the date of such appointment*, and why it is
that it has not been in the power of the President to submit
them to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN rose in reply to the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson.] He stated that the >
Senator from Maryland had requested him to in-
form him by letter when he proposed to address
the Senate. He had accordingly advised him of
his intention to do so to-day. And last nighl he
received a letter from that Senator, stating that pro-
fessional engagements would prevent him from at-
tending in his place for several days, and request-
ing him, after he had spoken, to move that the
resolution be informally passed over. He went on
to say, that when he had moved the reconsidera-
tion of the resolution which "had been so incon-
siderately passed, and that motion had been agreed
to, he had int^n^ed simply to vote against the
resolution, without inflicting a speech on the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Maryland, however, had
occupied three hours and a Jialf in defence of
4he resolution, and it now devolved on him to ex-
amine the argument which that Senator had
brought forward. He referred to the triumphant
answer given by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Borland,] and then went on to reply to the por-
tions of the argument which remained to be an-
swered.
It had been assumed by the Senator from Mary-
land, that the Executive was the enemy of the
people, while the Senate was their only true friend;
that the President had fewer reasons to be a friend
of the people than the Senate, and therefore that
the Senate should suspend the sword "of Damo-
cles over his head. He contended for the reverse
of this proposition. The only absolute security
for the defence of the rights of the people is to be
found in the press of the people themselves. He
proposed to prove this, and also that the people
have a greater security for their rights in the Presi-
dent than in the Senate.
There was some security in the character of the
individual himself who was selected for the Presi-
dency; but there was a still greater in the opera-
tion of two thousand presses, which were vigilant
and fearless in ferreting out and exhibiting all the
traits of his character, all the elements of his pre-
tensions, and all the infirmities of his life. It was
scarcely possible, therefore, that a very bad man
can be selected. Elevated from a private citizen
to the highest political station, considerations of
gratitude must have powerful influence on his ac-
tions. He is also required, before God and man,
to take an oath to administer faithfully his consti-
tutional functions. He feels that all the presses
of the country are watching him, and that the two
Houses of Congress are prepared always to exer-
cise a restraining power over him. There is also
the danger of impeachment, should he be guilty
of any treachery, by which he may be removed
from office by a vote of two-thirds of the Senate,
and disqualified from ever being in office thereafter.
Here, then, he is in the power of Congress. Every
dereliction on his part carries with it the penalty
of extreme turpitude. On the contrary, eveiy dete-
liction on the part of the Senate is merged m the
idea that it is a public act, for which no responsi-
bihtycan attach to any individual. Thus the Pres-
ident, elected by a million and a half of the people,
m.ay be displaced by a vote of the Senate, elected
by not more than six hundred thousand votes. If
the Senate violate the Constitution 'every, day in
the year, where is the tribunal on earth which can
inflict punishment on any individual of the body?
The only punishment must be inflicted by the
people, six years, it may be, after the violation of*
the Constitution may have taken place.
But the Senator from Maryland thought that the
veto power might be, and had been, frequently
abused. The power itself had not been disputed.
It was conferred by the Constitution. General
Harrison, in his inaugural speech from the portico
of the Capitol, went'into an elaborate argument on
the veto, which he regarded as a conservative
principle. He had defined the three objects for
which it was conferred: first, for the defence of the
Constitution; secondly, for the defcnce of the people;
and thirdly, for the defence of minorities against
majorities—of the weak against the strong. A
larger range of power had never been claimed by
any. But if the President had the veto power,
had not the Senate also the veto power, and that
without any qualification ? What law can pass, if
we say, "No?" Thus the Senate, which does
not represent the people, can veto any act of the
House of Representatives, which does represent
the people. The Senate can overrule the veto of
the President, but the veto of the Senate cannot be
overruled. He then referred to the'power,of the
Supreme Court to pronounce >any law uncoastitu*
tional after it has passed. Thus these-nine
a cellar mayoverrulci thePresident,thetwo Houses
of Congress, and ail the State Legislatures1. • ;
In reference to the act of the Senate against Gen?
eral Jackson, the Senatorfrpm Maryland spok.e.of
the Bank of the United States, and made a state-
ment which astounded him, that the cqurt, as now
constituted, would declare that institution consti-
tutional. If so, that tribunal is a fraud, on the
public. He had voted for the appointment of the
| new members of that court, and he would aver that
| their nominations would not have been cotiiirmeii
had it not been well understood that they denied
the constitutionality of that ban]c. There would
have been as much propriety in the President ap-?
pointing, an enemv of our institutions to an import- "
ant office, as in a Democratic Senate appointing the
members of a court which might have to decide on
the constitutionality of the bapk, who were known
to hold an opposite opinion.
He went on to speale of the act of the Senate in
expunging the resolution against General Jackson,
which the,Senator from Maryiapd ha&.referred to
as proof that the President could wield the Senate
to his will. Was it so? Was th$ Senate, after*
all, nothing more.than the supple tool, of the Presi-
dent? If so, one President coqld wield the Senate*
as.weil as another. Why, then, could not President
Tyler wield the Senate? He had a greater power in
his hands th^Geperal Jackson, yet he was utterly
powerless in the Senate. That he could not do
this, was a,proof that the purity of the Senate could
not be made subservient to Executive influence. If
the power of the Executive was so irresistible in.
the Senate under General Jackson's administration,
how was it that a mere change of men made such
a difference that President Tyler found it intracta-
ble in his hands? Was it not because,one retained-
the confidence of the people, while the other had
forfeited it? General Jackson got the resolution,
expunged, it seems, because of his influence, but-
it was the influence of truth, and justice.. Senators- '
were instructed by. thei(r States to vote for ex-,
punging it. How did General Jackson control the.
-Legisjatures of eighteen States to instruct their
Senators to vote for expupging. the resqlution?,
What force did he employ? He had-only a stand-
ing army of six thousand men., It was theforee,.
of truth and justice, which,is ev,en now abroad, in,
the earth kicking down thrones.
Pending this expunging resolution, it w?*s pro-,
posed to refer the whole matter to the State Legis-
latures, in order that,they might decide on the,case-.
But the Senate refused to sanction an appeal to its,
own creators. He read the resolution of Mr. Clay
from the Journal. Here was the charge against
General Jackson; and when the people saw it, to-
gether with the usurping spirit rising in the Senate,
then arose that power which condemned the act. ^
The proposition of the Senator from Maryland
went to overthrow the principle on which our Gov-
ernment stands. But he did not believe that Sejo- ,
ator's own convictions went with the declaration,
which could not be sustained, without proving that
the people are not competent to self-government.
He went on to remark on, the exercise of the
veto power on th$ French spoliations bill, which
he considered the greatest and boldest act of the
President. It fixed the public attention on these
claims, and stopped the issue of perhaps forty or
fifty millions out of the treasury. It was this act
which had conferred more honor on the President
than any other act of his Administration.
The Senator from Maryland was particularly
hard on the veto of the river and harbor bijl. But
he would ask that Senator whether, if there was a
single unconstitutional feature in.that bill, the
President was not as much bound to veto it, as if
the whole had been unconstitutional? He did not
say that there was any such feature. But if, in
the President's opinion, there was such,* he was
bound, by his oath to support the,Constitution, to
veto it. Were it not so, it would be easy so to
mix up constitutional,,and unconstitutional meas-
ures, as to obtain the,passage of those,which the .
Constitution prohibits. If the pejriod should arrive
when public opinion should be. so powerful as,to
induce the President to violate his oath, there will
be very little constitutional security left for us.
He then remarked, on the idea thrown out by
the Senator from ^Maryland, that the Executive
scourged the JSepa^e to submission, which he re-
gard edas unworthy of se/Ious refutation. It was ^
