THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTETETAND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR fe RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 1,1848.
New Series No. 50.
by the Committee of the Whole on bill No. 69>
and moved the previous question, which was sec-
onded, and under the operation thereof the amend-
ments were agreed to, and the bill ordered to be
engrossed, and, being engrossed, was read a third
time and passed.
The bill No. 69, for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Cornelius Manning, deceased, was
next taken-up, and, under the operation of the
previous question, moved by Mr. Stephens, the
amendments of the committee were agreed to, and
the bill read a third time and passed, by yeas 125,
nays 28, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, BsrrinjtPr, Barrow,
Bayly, Beale, Bedinger, Bingham, Birdsall, Bocock, Bow-
don, Bowlin, Bovd, Bovdon. Biady, Brodliead, Albert G.
Brown, Buckner," Burt, Duller, Cabell, Cathcart, Chapman,
Chase, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clark, Clingmau,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Cotlamer,
Cranston, Cummins, Daniel, Dickinson, Donuell, Duer,
Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Embree, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Featherston, Ficklin, Flnurnny, Freedley,
French, Fulton, Games, Gayle, Gott, Green, Willard P.
Hall, Haralson, Harinanson, Harris, Haskell, Henley, Hill,
Hilliard, Isaac -E. Holmes, George S. Houston. John W.
Houston, Hunt, Inge, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvm, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jopes, Kaufman, Kennon, Lalun,
Ligon, Lincoln, Lumpkin,Maclav, McClelland, McDowell,
McKay, McLane, Job Mann, Meade, Morehead, Morris,
Morse,Mullin, Murphy, Nelson,Outlaw, Pendleton, Phelps,
Preston, Rbett, Richardson,Uichev, Rockhiil, John A. Rock-
well, Roman, Rurnsey, Sawyer, Shepperd, Simpson, Sims,
Truman Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Chas. E. Stuart, Strong,
Taylor, Thibodeaux, John B. Thompson, Robert A.Thomp-
son, William Thompson, Tompkins, Turner, Van Dyke,
Venable, Vinton, Warren, White, Wick, Williams, and
Woodward—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Bclcher, Bridges, Canby, Collins, Conger,
Dickey, Dixon, Edwards, Fisher, Gidding0, Hale, Hammons,
James' G. Hampton, Hubbard, Hudson, Mcllvame, Horace
Mann, Marvin, Paltiey, Putnam, Reynolds, Robinson, Root,
St. John, Slingeiland, Thurston, Tuck, and Wilson—28.
Mr. McLANE moved that when the House ad-
journs to-day it will adjourn to meet on Monday
morning, at nine o'clock. Rejected: Yeas 55, nays
78. ' .
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending June 30,1849, which
had just been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 19, 1848.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting reports from the
Secretary of War and Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, showing the result of the settlement by
the treaty of August, 1846, with the Cherokees,
and the further appropriations necessary to carry
the provisions of that treaty into effect, and dis-
bursements made under the treaty of 1835-'6.
The statement of the Second Auditor shows the
amounts paid to various classes of officers and
ao-ents employed in the execution of the Cherokee
treaty of New Echota of 1835-6:
Employment of Superintendents f f
Clerks  68
Salary agents.  ks
Conductors of emigrants  2o-fifi 88
Disbursing agents _.  n-'afi In
Physicians  *>, « 4/
Interpreters 
Issuing agents  11,847 17
Enrolling agents  10,974 03
Collecting agents  7,A(a
Medical supplies  5,487 oS
Services of Cherokee committee  19/jyo &u
Transportation of military officers  7,082 31
Cost of tiansportation of funds  6,615 06
Expenses of negotiating treaty 36>53i 4*
Stationery  S
Printing 
$235,516 63
The additional appropriation called for under
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
amounts to $564,866 74.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition from "Wil-
liam H. Rogers, attorney of the United States for
the district of Delaware, asking compensation for
50
extra official services; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr.„C. also presented a petition from citizens of
Pennsylvania for the construction of a rail post
route from Philadelphia to New York; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from Edward A.
Buttolpk, asking the purchase of the papers found
in possession of Major Andre at the time of his
capture during the revolutionary war; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library.
[Mr. Buttolpk states that he has in his keeping
the original papers found in the bootand upon the
person of the unfortunate Major Andre at the.time
of his capture, and believing them to be important
for preservation among the archives of the nation,
asks Congress to purchase them.]
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from W.
Norris & Co., asking to be allowed a drawback of
duties on imported iron used by them in the manu-
facture of steam engines and reexported; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill concerning Spanish steam vessels.
The bill having been read a first time—
Mr. DIX asked that it might be considered at
this time. A line of ocean steamers had been es-
tablished between New York and New Orleans, to
touch at Havana. This was done with the concur-
rence of the authorities of the Island of Cuba, with
the-'assent of the Spanish Government, and these
stenmers were exempted from the payment of the
customary duties. The object of this bill was to
place Spanish steamers coming from Havana on
the same footing in our ports. They very rarely
came into the ports of the United States, unless it
was rendered necessary for repairs. One was ex-
pected at New York inashort time,and itwasvery
desirable that this bill should pass immediately, to
'give that vessel the benefit of the exemption.
Mr. WESTCOTT asked if thft regulations in
Cuba applied to this line only, or whether it ex-
tended to all American steamers?
Mr. blX replied, that he regretted he had not
full information on that point in his possession,
but he believed the regulations applied to this line
only.
Mr. "V^ESTCOTT would vote for the bill, be-
cause it imbodied a principle which he had sub-
mitted to the Senate in a resolution which he pro-
posed to call up shortly.
Mr. DIX said he would look into the subject
with great pleasure.
The bill was then considered, and read a second
and third time, and passed.
Mr. DIX also, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to authorize the issuing of a
register to the Spanish steamers Triden te and Cetro-,
which was read a first time.
Mr. DIX explained that the same urgency ex-
isted as to the action on this bill, and asked its
immediate consideration.
The bill was read a second and third time, and
was passed. ,   
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the bill making;
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy fbr the year ending 30th June, 1849, was
considered in Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the bill was
amended by ths. insertion of appropriation for
the expenses of the Board of Visiters at their an-
nual examination in June next, §2,000.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for the
pavment of a fair and just compensation to the various As-
sistant Treasurers of the United States, appointed in pursu-
ance of an act to provide for the better organization of the
treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue, who are not now spe-
cially provided for in said act.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, it was ordered
that 20,000 copies of the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Patents received during the session
be printed for the use of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the bill to admit
the State of Wisconsin into the Union was con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole, read a third
time and passed. . ,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
private bills on the calendar; when the following
bills were severally considered in Committee of
the Whole, read a third time, and passed:
A bill for the relief John Mitchell;
A bill for the relief of Purser Benjamin J. Ca-
hoone;
A bill for the relief of the widows and orphans of
the officers, seamen, and marines of the brig of
war Sorners.
A bill for the relief of Messrs. Cook, Anthony,
Mahon, and others;
A bill for the relief of William H. Prentiss;
A bill for the relief of Anna J. Hassler;
A bill for the relief of Welcome Parmeter;
A bill for the relief David Currier;
A bill for the relief of Mary Brown, widow of
Jacob Brown.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Monday
next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 20,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, it was
ordered that when the House adjourns it w^ill ad-
journ to meet on Monday morning at nine o clock.
The following Senate bills lying on the Speak-
i er's table were taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred to appropriate committees:
For the relief of Purser Benjamin G. Cahoone. •
For the relief of the widows and orphans of the
officers, seamen, and marines of the brig of war
Somers.
For the relief of Cook, Anthony, Mahon, and
others.
For the relief of William H. Prentiss.
For the relief of Anna J. Hassler.
For the rglief of William Parmenter.
For the relief of David Currier.
Concerning Spanish steam vessels.
Authorizing the issuing of registers to the Span-
ish steam-vessels Tridente and Cetro for a limited
time. ,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the President of the United States, transmit-
ting a communication from the Secretary of War
and a report from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, showing the result of the settlement
required by the treaty of August, 1846, with the
' Cherokees and the appropriations required to carry
into effect the provisions of that treaty.
Mr. WHITE asked the House to take up the
Senate bill making an additional appropriation for
the dry dock at Brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. STEPHENS disliked to interpose any ob-
jection to the request of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. White,] but as this was private bill
day, and a very important bill (the bill to purchase,
the Madison papers) stood at the head of the cal-
endar, he hoped the House would go into commit-
tee on private bills.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, asked leave to
offer a resolution instructing the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds to have the Hall or
the House of Representatives ventilated, and also
authorizing that committee to have erected the fix-
tures necessary for that purpose. Objected to.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House, on motion, resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the private calendar,
(Mr. Root in the chair.) .... , ip
The first bill on the calendar wm theWl ofthe
Senate to provide for the purchase.of theMS. pape^
of the late James Madison, former President of the
United States. , , h:n ue ia:,j
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the cm De lam
^MVBOWLlN^eetd to°thU as a public bill,
Mr. uuwj^ j the pnvate calendar,
anTheCHiffiMilf overruled Z objection.
