786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected to that part
of the*bill which provided trustees for Mrs, Madi-
son in whom twenty thousand dollarsof the money
to beappropnated by this bill should be vested for
her use. If any citizen of this District required
guardians or trustees, he apprehended the courts
of the District were fuliy competent to appoint
them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, objected to this
bill, as the establishment of a pension system,
which was inconsistent with the principles of this
Republic. This bill proposed to give to Mrs.
Madison $5,000, and to invest in the name of
trustees the sum* of $20,000, the annually accruing
interest of which such trustees were to pay to her;
but the principal was placed beyond her control,
except by will or devise, by which means she
might bequeath it to whomsoever she pleased. It
was alleged that this sum was to be paid for the
papers of the late President Madison. He pro-
ceeded to show that Congress had heretofore
bought and paid for the papers of James Madison, jl
and that this was a mere pretext for the purpose
of giving Mrs. Madison a donation for her lifetime
and a bequest to some other person, for aught he
knew to some profligate or disreputable individual,
atherdeath. He reminded the House of the stren-
uous opposition made on this floor to the bill to
provide a pension for Mary Brown, the widow ,
and mother of meritorious officers who had ren- ■
dered valuable services to the country; and of the j
bootless petitions of many other poor widows who j
sought a poor pittance to sustain them for the rem- j
nant of their days, made desolate by the sacrifice \
of their natural protectors on the altar of the coun-
try. Jame Madison was living in comfort in the
receipt of $25,000 perannum whilethehusbands of
these petitioning widows were serving on the bat-
tle-field at eight dollars a month, where they bled
and died. The services which they rendered to
this Republic were as important as, yea much more
important than reasoning and philosophy. He saw
no reason to prefer Mrs. Madison to the widows
to whom he had referred.
Mr. BOWLIN, Mr. JONES of Tennessee, Mr.
JOHNSON of Tennessee, and the CHAIRMAN
entered into some conversation as to a point of
order.
Mr. McDOWELL made a short statement of
facts to show that this was an equitable payment
for papers to be sold to this Government, and that
the gentleman from Tennessee was mistaken in
supposing that these were the papers which had '!
been heretofore paid for. They were a totally |j
different and distinct series. „ jl
Mr. JOHNSON quoted from a published docu- |j
ment to show that he was not mistaken. j[
Mr. STEPHENS proceeded to show what the ||
papers really were, to sustain the position of the i
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. McDowell,] that 1
the gentleman from Tennessee was mistaken. j
Mr. JOHNSON continued his argument to sus- I
tain his position.
Mr. BAYLY replied.
Mr. COLLAMER said one referred to the Ar-
ticles of the Confederation, and the other set of
papers to the debates on the Constitution, and
therefore they were totally distinct.
Mr. McDOWELL defended the bill, arguing
that these works were of great national interest,
and the nation should be their possessor, and they 1;
should not be an article of private barter to book- I j
sellers, many of whom had made offers for their !;
purchase. He mentioned this fact to show that;!
the House was not asked to purchase worthless
articles, and that Mrs. Madison entertained proper
sentiments respecting the nationality of the object i
contemplated. „j:
Mr. PALFREY denied that this bill proposed j
to make an eleemosynary grant. It is proposed |
to purchase papers on equitable terms which the j
public good required that the nation should possess, j
These papers in .some respects were a commentary \
on the happy Constitution under which we live- :
they were valuable materials for the composition '
of history which had yet to be written. Such !
materials were wanted, and this age must collect n
them. I
Mr. CLARK, of Kentucky, contended that this .
House could not constitutionally make a donation ;
to Mrs. Madison, and if this sum was to be paid '
in consideration for an article delivered, it became :
them to consider whether they were making a good j j
trade* if indeed th«y wer« to become traders in
books. He objected to the provision appointing
trustees for Mrs. IVJadison. If it was an absolute
sale of books, the price should be paid absolutely,
and left to her own disposition. Hut he was led
to the conclusion that it was a donation to Mrs.
Madison, which they had no right to make. If a
purchase, he.denied that they received the full value
of §25,000; he therefore was opposed to the bill.
Mr. STEPHENS warmly defended the bill
He had heard no objections from the gentlemen
who opposed this bill to the expenditure of up-
wards of $40,000fortheprintingof the Patent Office
report, while they were bitterly opposed to the
printing of documents which furnished materials
for the history of the country.
Mr. SAWYER explained that he had voted to
print the Patent Office report because they were
to be sent to the people, whereas these documents
would be given to members of Congress.
Mr. STEPHENS eloquently replied, and, sta-
ting that this was Mrs. Madison's birthday, he
hoped the bill would on this day be passed. He
moved that the committee rise and report progress.
Agreed to.
The committee rose and reported progress ac-
cordingly.
Mr. STEPHENS then submitted a resolution
to terminate debate on the same bill in ten minutes
after it should again be taken up in committee;
which was agreed to.
The House again resolved itsplf into Committee
of the Whole on the same subject, and the debate
was resumed by
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, who elo-
quently advocated the passage of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN, at the appointed time, closed
the debate.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to amend the bill by
adding an additional section providing for the pur-
chase of the MS. papers of Thomas Jefferson from
his grandson, Thomas Jefferson Randolph, and
appropriating $25,000 for the purpose.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the bill by
striking out that part of the bill which proposes
to create Mr. Buchanan, Secretary of State, Mr.
Mason, Secretary of the Navy,and Richard Smith,
Esq., trustees to receive, for the purpose of invest-
ment in stocks for the benefit of Mrs. Madison,
twenty thousand dollarsof the money appropriated
by the bill for the purchase of the papers. i
Mr. B. occupied the five minutes allotted by the !
rules for debate or for explanation of amendments, j
The amendment was rejected. j
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee, moved an amend- i
ment to the bill, which,after making some remarks I
occupying the five minutes allowed by the rules, j
he withdrew.
Mr. J. then moved to amend thebill by striking
out the last sentence, viz: ts But subject to be dis-
posed of as she may please by her last will and
testament," and inserting a provision requiring the
trustees, on the death of Mrs. Madison, to return
the sum in trust ($20,000) to the treasury of the
United States. And was proceeding in further re-
marks, when he was called to older by
Mr. VINTON, on the ground that it was his
evident intention to abuse the privileges of the rule
allowing five minutes for a bona fide explanation of
amendments, by speaking indefinitely on amend-
ments successively moved and withdrawn.
Considerable conversation ensued on this and
connected points of order, and Mr. Johnson's five
minutes having expired, the question was taken
and the amendment was rejected.
.The committee then rose and reported the bill .j
to the House. * ji
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question; which !'
was seconded, and, under the operation thereof, the I,
bill was ordered to be read a third time. 'j
The question then recurred on the passage of the j|
Mr. BAYLY moved the previous question. !
Mr. JOHNSON moved the reconsideration of ■
the vote ordering the third reading of the bill. I
Mr. Jafter one or two points of order had been !
raised and settled, entered into some remarks to •
show that the vote ordering the third reading of !
the bill ought to be reconsidered; and when he had
concluded—
Mr. BAYLY moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; which was agreed to.
The previous question was seconded; and, under
its operation, the bill was passed by yeas 80,
nays 59.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
whii,h the bill was passed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
lay that motion on the table. Agreed to.
So the bill stands passed.
T*he House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and leferred:
By Mr. IJALE: The petition of Ezra Finnev and others,
for a breakwater near the northeastern point of the Island
of NantucKrt, Massachusetts.
By Mr. PUT.VAM: The petition of James S. Rnuahtnn
and l*24othercitizensof the county of Wyoming, New Vork,
prawrurlor the investigation oi the conduct ot Colonel Child*,
in requiring the soldiers of thy arm} to Kneel betoie the
Catholic Ho«t.
By Mr. WENT WORTH : A petition for a mail lontc front
Blue Island, \i<i Cooper's Grove, Chel&ed, WtilhngIord,and
Bloom«ville. to Bulbonia.
By Mr. TWEEDY: The petition of O. Cole and 78 others,
citizensof Grant county, Wisconsin, praying foi the purchase
of Mount Vernon by the Government. A1m>, the petition of
Mason C. Darling and 49 other citizens of Wisconsin, for
the same object. Also, the petition of G. II. Smith and 53
other cilixens of Snehovgan, m Wisconsin, for the same
object. Also, the petition of O. M. Baker and other? of
Walworth county. "Wisconsin, for the same object. Also,
the petition of William C. Lsunon and others, for a post
route from Exei« r, Green county, Wisconsin, via Union,
Cookvdle, Dunkirk, and Cambridge, to Lake Mills, in Jeffer-
son county.
By Mr. ABBOT: Resolutions of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, with an accompanying mernonal, in relation to
tixe leducuon of postage.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 22, 184S.
The House met, and after the reading of the
Journal,
On motion, adjourned until Thursday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 22, 1848.
The Senate was called to order at twelve o'clock.
After prayer by the Rev. Mr. Sheer,
On motion of Mr. BADGER,
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with,
and the Senate adjourned to Thursday, with the
view to have the Chamber cleansed and the sum-
mer matting put down.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 25, 1848.
The House met pursuant to its order heretofore
adopted.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
Mr. WICK (previous notice having been given)
obtained leave and introduced a bill to prohibit the
introduction'of slaves into the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr.THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to lay
the bill on the table; on which the yeas and nays
were asked and ordered.
Mr. BURT doubted if there was a quorum pres-
ent,-and he therefore moved a call of the House;
which was ordered.
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew the motion to lay
on the table, expressing; a willingness, on further
consideration, to allow it to be referred.
Mr. BURT insisted on his motion for the call,
as he desired to know whether there was a quorum
before they proceeded to business.
The roil having been called—
The SPEAKER announced that 114 members
weie present, and that 113 were necessary to a
quorum.
Mr. WHITE moved to suspend further pro-
ceedings in the call. Rejected.
The list of the absentees was called, and 120
members having: answered to their names—
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the call was
suspended.
Mr. BURT said it was evident that the seats on
one (the Democratic) side of this Hall were almost
entirely unoccupied. He trusted there was no dis-
position on the other, in the absence of members,
to proceed with business, especially with business
of the description of this biSL
Mr. SCHENCK. Will not the gentleman from
South Carolina give way for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. BURT replied that was the motion "he was
going to submit himself, in consideration that there
