1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
787
were but 120 members present. He moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, appealed to Mr.
Bght to withdraw his motion f'or a moment to en-
able him to offer ^.resolution, to which, involving
no party question, no objection would be made.
Mr. BURT yielded, and Mr. Johnson's resolu-
tion was sent to the table; but, before it was read—
Mr. VINTON suggested that this bill, by com-
mon consent, could be laid aside, and that the Post
Office and the West Point Academy bills should be
taken up and considered.
Mr. WICK intimated that he would consent to
have the bill laid on the table and printed.
Before any action was taken, the question on
the adjournment was taken by yeas and nays, or-
dered at the call of Mr. VINTON, and decided in
the affirmative: Yeas 69, nays 56.
The House accordingly adjourned,
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
Under the rule, and reiened:
By Mr. HALL, of New York: The petition of Stephen
Howard, praying for arrears of pay and bounty land as a
soldier in the wai of 1812. Also, the petition of suttdiy in-
habitants of the county of Erie, New Yoik, praying Congress
to inquire into the truth of the report that Colonel Ciiilds
compelled Protestant American soldiers to kneel and do
homage to the Catholic Ho t at Jalapa, and to call him to
an account for such offence, if the report should be found to
be true.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 25, 1848.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
Clifford S. Worthing, asking a mail route to' be
established between Augusta and Bangor, in the
State of Maine*, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from J. Q,uin
Thornton, praying for the establishment of a ter-
ritorial government in the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. B. stated that this petition contained matter
of much interest, and he would therefore move that
it be printed; which motion was agteed to.
Mr. DIX presented .a petition from the New
Jersey and New York Steam Navigation Compa-
ny, and from the Providence and Rhode Island
Company, asking to be remunerated for maintain-
ing a light-boat in the Eel Grass shoal, in Fisher's
Island sound; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
' Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the relief
of Friek & Haddock, with a report; which bill was
read a first time.
On motion of Mr. BELL,
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be, and he i« hereby,
directed to furnish the Senate with a list ol the Creek Indian
Warriors, who were killed or wounded, or who died in the ser-
vice of the United States during the late war in Florida; vwth
the dates when tiiey were severally killed or wounded, or
when thoy died; together with a statement of the aneajs of
pay due to each of them respectively.
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet ori Monday.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Niles some days since, was then taken up for con-
sideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
toreportto the Senate such information a? may be in the
Treasury Department m regaid 10 the manner in which the
interest, of the public debt ha* been paid at Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, and other places in which live interest
on the public debt is paid; and particularly that he inform
the Samite whether, in any instance, payment has been made
in any other medium than gold or silver.
Mr. NFLES explained that he had offered this
resolution in consequence of information which he
had received from a friend., in whom he had entire
confidence, that in one transaction at least, at one of
the points of collection, there had been an express
violation of the sub-treasury law. One of the offi-
cers employed under that law had made a deposit
of a large amount of public money—some $80,000—
in one of the banks of the city in which he trans-
acted his business, and was in the practice of pay-
ing out the interest of the public loans by checks
on that bank. This was an express violation of
the law, one cf the great objects of which is, the
establishment of a system by which all money
transactions of the Federal Government shall be m
the constitutional currency of the country. Hav-
icig^been one of the earliest and most strenuous,.
advocates of this system at its commencement, he
felt great anxiety for its successful operation. It
had worked well, and, while he continued a mem-
ber of this body, he would not permit any violation
of the law, if his efforts could prevent it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said hfc had no ob-
jection to any inquiry, but he asked the Senate if
it was fair to tolerate these harassing calls on the
Government, and to sanction these frequent attacks
on the Secretary of the Treasury, without some
evidence to support them? Charges of this kind,
which may be introduced merely for political effect,
ought not to be received, unless they are accom-
panied by proofs of the facts on which they are
stated to be made.
Mr. NILES was surprised at this opposition to
a mere resolution of inquiry. He had seen the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subject, and he
had no suspicion that the violation of the law had
been with the connivance of that officer. It may
have been the act of a subordinate, committed with-
out his knowledge. There certainly could be no
impropriety in inquiring if the law had been faith-
fully executed. If the violation of the law had
taken place, it was an offence, the punishment for
which was provided by the act, and it could not
be improper to ask if the offence had been com-
mitted. In 1840, when the law was passed, we
had been told by those who had opposed it, that
it would turn out a mere mockery, and could lead
to no practical effect. In its present form, it has
produced all the effect for which it was intended,
and that effect had been most salutary, inasmuch
as it had saved our entire hanking system, and pre-
vented results which would have been calamitous
to the country. Yet we are now to be told, that
we must not institute an inquiry whether the law
has been honestly carried out, for fear censure
should fall on somebody! He hoped the resolu-
tion would be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS replied that he had only thrown out
the suggestion that calls of this harassing charac-
ter on the Secretary of the Treasury ought not to
be received without some evidence to sustain them.
Certainly, if the Senator from Connecticut has*au-
thority for his statement, and is himself satisfied
that a violation of tHe law has been committed, he
would not object to the inquiry. The Senator had
stated that he had seen the Secretary on the sub-
ject, and acquitted him of any knowledge of the
transaction.
The resolution was then agreed to.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 26, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, leave was given for
the withdrawal of the papers in the case of Sam-
uel F. Reed, of Tennessee.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to say, that when
the House adjourned yesterday, there was a bill
on the table, and a motion before the House pend-
ing and unacted on. The bill was veiy important.
He referred to the bill to prohibit the importation
of slaves into the District of Columbia, with cer-
tain exceptions. It was a bill in which every gen-
tleman on the floor must feel himself to be inter-
ested. He hoped, therefore, that it would be
taken up and considered first among the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The SPEAKER said the unfinished business
were the orders of the day and the Senate bills on
the Speaker's tabic. *
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House, on motion of Mr. ROCKWELL,
of Connecticut, resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the private«calendar, (Mr. McClel-
land in the chair,) and, after devoting some fime
to the consideration of bills thereon, the committee
rose and reported the following bills to the House:
A biil for the relief of Maurice R. Simons;
A bill for the relief of Eliphas C. Brown;
A bill for the relief of Henry N. Halstead;
- A bill for the relief of Robert Ramsey;
A bill for the relief of'John Farnham;
A bill for the relief of Andrew Flanagin;
A bill for the relief of Wliliam Gott;
A bill for the relief of Catharine Hoffman;
A bill for the relief uf John P, B. Gratiot and
the legal representatives of Henry Gratiot;
A .bill for the relief of Mrs* Mary B. Reaner;
A bill for the relief of Archibald Beard, and
twenty-one other mounted Tennessee voiunteet:®} -
A btfl for the relief of Philip J". Fontane; ' i -
A bill for the relief of Levi H. Corson-, aad Ifor
other purposes; * - •
A bill for the relief of EHshfi F. Richards;''
A bill for the relief of Gideon A. Perry; ,
A bill for the'relief of Fielding G. Brown;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Tavlor;
A bill for the relief of Mary W. Thompson,
widow of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander R. Thomp-
son ;
A bill for the relief of John Haup;
A bill amendatory of an.act entitled "An act
amendatory of the act entitled 4 An act to incorpo-
rate the Provident Association of Clerks in the
civil department of the Government of the United
States, in the District of Columbia*,'" approved
March 3, 1825;
A bill supplemental to an act to confirm the sur-
vey and location of claims for land in the State of
Mississippi," east of the Pearl river and south of
the thirty-first degree of north latitude, approved
March 3, 3845;
A bill for the relief of Mary Pike, widow of
Ezra Pike;
- A bill for the relief of Sarah Wood, widow of
Major James Wood.
Also the following Senate bills, severally without
amendment:
A bill for the relief of Reynolds May;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Brownell;
A bill for the relief of Samuel W. Bell, a native
of the Cherokee nation;
A bill for the relief of Edward Bolon.
The committee also reported the following bills,
with an amendment to each:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Lieutenant Francis Ware;
A bill for the relief of Hugh Riddle;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Perry, a Choctaw
Indian, or his assignees;"
A bill for the relief of Joseph Gerard;
And Senate bill to authorize the settlement of
the account of Joseph Nourse, deceased.
The bill for the relief of the Cherokee Indians
in North Carolina was reported to the Hfruse,
with the recommendation that it be committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The House bill to pay James Crutchett $2,000
for lighting the Capitol and Capitol grounds, and
also a Senate bill of the same title, were'reported
to the House, with the recommendation that they
be laid on the table.
Which recommendations were concurred in by
the House.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the various bills reported by the Committee of
the Whole. The action of the Committee of the
Whole on said bills (some of them having been
amended) was concurred in by the House, except
the amendment to the bill for the reiiefof the le^al
representatlvesofLieutenant Francis Ware, which
amendment was disagreed to; and this bill and the
others were severally read a third time and passed,
with the exception of the bill supplemental to an
act to confirm the survey and location of claims
for land in the State of Mississippi, east of the
Pearl river and south of the thirty-first degree of
north latitude, approved March 3, 1845. This bill
was'postponed until to-morrow, and it was ordered
that the Clerk acquaint the Senate therewith.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House do now adjourn. Lost: Ayes 4Q.} noes
51—not a quorum.
Mr. POLLOCK moved a call of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON again moved to adjourn.
The question was decided by yeas and nays*
Yeas 50, nays 73.
The question was put on ordering a call of the •
House, and it was rejected.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House again resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar. The motion
was rejected.
* PRE-EMPTION LAW.
Mr. COLLAMER moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state ol the Union
from the consideration of the bill explanatoiy of
the law of the 4th September 1841, appropriating
the proceeds of the sale? of the public ands and
granting1 preemption rights. Mr. C. said the Got*
