1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TB§
of the Oregon boundary," I recommended to Congress that
" provision should be made by law at the earliest practicable
' period for the organization of a territorial government in
i Oregon." In my annual message of December, 1846, and
again in December, 1847, this recommendation was re-
peated.-
The population of Oregon is believed to exceed twelve
thousand souls, and it is known that it will be increased by
 large number of emigrants-during the present ieason.
The facts set forth in the accompanying memorial and pa-
pers show that the dangers to which our fellow-citizens are
exposed are so imminent that I deem it to be my duty again
to impress on Congress the strong claim which the inhabit-
ants of that distant country have to the benefit of our laws
and the protection of our Government.
I therefore again invite the attention of Congress to the
subject, and recommend that laws be promptly passed es-
tablishing a Territorial Government, and granting authority
to raise an adequate volunteer force for the defence and
protection of its inhabitants. It is believed that a regiment
of mounted men, with such additional force as may be raised
in Oregon,,will be sufiioient to afford the required protection.
It is recommended that the forces raised for this purpose
.should engage to serve for twelve months, unless sooner dis-
charged. No doubt is entertained, with proper inducements
.in land bounties, such a foicc can be raised in a short time.
;.Opon the' expiration of their service many of them will
''doubtless desire to remain in the country, and settle upon
, the land which they may receive as bounty.
It is deemed important that provision be made for the
appointment of a suitable number of Indian agents to reside
among the various tribes m Oregon, and that appropriations
fee made to enable them to treat with these tribes, with a
view to restore and preserve peace between them and the
white inhabitants.
Should the laws recommended be promptly passed, the
measures for their execution may he completed during the
present season, and before the severity of winter will inter-
pose obstacles m crossing the Rocky Mountains. If not
promptly passed, a delay of another year will be the conse-
quence, aiidmay prove destructive to the white settlements
in Oregon. JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, Mat/29, 1848.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said the information
contained in the message of the President of the
United States, which had just been read, had been
confirmed by private letters which some gentlemen
on this floor had received from citizens of Oregon.
The time at which it came to them was very op-
portune. He was happy to hear the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. C. B. Smith] this morning in-
troduce a resolution to make the bill for the estab-
lishment of a territorial government in Oregon a
special order) but he feared,*if it was to be pre-
ceded by the appropriation bills, that some weeks
would elapse before this House could talce action
upon it, and that it woQld not be reached until the
arrival of a period too late for the purpose contem-
plated by this message. What had they now
heard ? why, that the Indian tribes were waging
war against our citizens in Oregon, who called
upon us for assistance; and it was our duty to
respond promptly to that call, and furnish them
with the means of protection. The bill to estab-
lish a. territorial governrhent in Oregon had been
long before Congress, and it had been postponed
again and again, until the people of that Territory
had been driven to form a government for them- i
selves, using for their protection all the power [
which God and Nature had given them. But they i
now appealed to this Government in an unusual
emergency, and'that appeal should be promptly
responded to by this House. Immediate action
should be had for the protection of our own people
in one of our own Territories. He suggested,
therefore, and he should make such a motion when
he had an opportunity to do so, that the Presi-
dent's message should be laid on the table and
' printed,"and he should then move an amendment
to the motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
C. B. Smith,] to strike out all that portion which
' provides for making the Oregon territorial bill the
special order immediately after the general appro-
priation bills, and insert words to.postpone the
present special orders, that immediate action might
be taken on the territorial bill, so as to dispose of
it at the earliest practicable period.
Mr. COLL AMER desired to ask the gentleman
from Georgia if the Oregon territorial bill con-
tained a provision for the protection of the citizens
of Oregon; and if in 1846 there was not an act
passed to provide for raising a regiment of mount-
ed riflemen and for establishing military stations
on>the route to Oregon? He wished to know what
had become of those troops which were ordered to
be raised for that specific purpose.
Mr. COBB replied that the Oregon territorial
bill did not contain any provisions to furnish the
protection for w.hich an appeal had now been
made, and he hoped the gentleman from Vermont
' would now cooperate with him in the adoption of
a measure which should furnish the aid required.
Though it contained no such provision, it could
be easily amended so as to answer that purpose,
and he hoped it would be so amended as to carry
out the wishes of the people of Oregon, and afford
them protection against the Indian tribes.
In reference to the act of 1846, of which the
gentleman from Vermont had spoken, it would be
recollected that it was passed before the war broke
out with Mexico; and if the gentleman would ex-
amine the provisions of that bill, he would see that
that regiment was not designated for any particular
service. That regiment was an addition to the
forces in the United States service; and when the
war broke out, all the troops in the service were
required to carry on the war.
Mr. MURPHY wished to ask the gentleman
from Georgia if it was necessary, in order to give
protection to the people of Oregon, to organize a
territorial government in that territory? Could
they not act promptly, and adopt a measure to
furnish them with protection? Nay, could not
the Executive do it without any action of this
House?
Mr. COBB said it must be admitted that it was
in the power of the Government of the United
States to protect its own people without the pas-
sage of this bill, but this bill was a protection to
which the people of Oregon had been entitled for
two years. For more than two years they had
been promised the protection of laws; and now,
when such an opportunity presented itself, and the
people were exposed to immediate danger, and the
consequences which followed if support were with-
held, why, he would ask the gentleman from New
York, should they stop half way?
Mr. C. therefore moved that the message and
accompanying documents be laid on the table and
printed.
Mr. VINTON said the message now before the
House, if he had heard it correctly, proposed, m
the first place, to raise a military foice for the pro-
tection of our people in Oregon, and in the next
place, it proposed that the Congress of the United
States should provide a territorial government
for the Territory of Oregon. Now, there was no
necessary connection between these two things.
If our people were in danger, that might be good
ground, of course, for raising a military force for
their protection; but a bill to establish a territorial
government did not contemplate any such thing as
raising a military force. It would be out of place
ill such a bill to make an addition to the standing
army.
The proposition of the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] contemplated the putting aside of the
appropriation bills for the purpose of taking up the
Oregon territorial bill, giving notice of a provision
which he should move to incorporate into that bill
to raise a military force for Oregon. They were
now about entering upon the month of June, and
the great appropriation bills, which would require
much time and attention in their consideration, had
not yet been acted upon; and unless the House was
disclosed to give to them more attention than it had
heretofore been its pleasure to devote to them, they
would not be able to dispose of them by the first
of July next, when they should enter upon thefiscal
year for which these bills made provision. And
after that period they would have to be acted upon
by the Senate, so that the Government would not
have at its command the means which these bills
provided at the time they would be required. If
there was any immediate necessity for raising a
military force for the protection of the citizens of
Oregon, he was willing that that subject should be
promptly acted upon; but the general appropria-
tion bills were of more importance than any private
bill. The gentleman from Georgia, he would sug-
gest, could accomplish his purpose by moving to
make the Oregon territorial bill the special order
for Fridays and Saturdays; but if they took up the
territorial bill, and intended thereby to make pro-
vision for the protection of the citizens of Oregon,
they would not be able to dispose of it for a month
to come; and it was for that, amongst other reasons,
that he was opposed to incorporating in the same
bill a proposition to protect the people of Oregon
and one establishing a territorial government for
that people. '
Mr. COBB inquired, if a majority had not the
power, at any time, to stop debate, and bring the
committee to a vote on any bill?
Mr. VINTON assented, but added, that this
was one of those subjects on which gentlemen
could not be gagged here. He did not say that he
wished to speak upon it himself, but there was a
great question involved which had been much de-
bated out of place, and when it should come up in
its proper place he should be disposed to hear both
sides of the House upon it, and to give to gentle- ■
men from all portions of the country an opportu-
nity to express their sentiments. He was not will-
ing to take up that bill with the understanding that
the gag was to be applied in its passage. There
was no necessary connection between the terri-
torial bill andjhe proposition for the protection of
the citizens of Oregon, and he desired that they .
should be kept separate. We were in daily ex-
pectation of receiving intelligence "of the ratifica-
tion of the treaty of peace with Mexico, and then
there would be a large military force at the dispo-
sal of the Government, which would render unne-
cessary these additional troops which the gentleman
from Georgia called for.
Mr. BOYDON asked why it was that the Presi-
dent of the United States could send an army into
Texas, yea, even into the territory of Mexico,
without giving notice to Congress of his intention
to do so, and yet could not send aid to our own
citizens in our own Territory of Oregon without
calling upon Congress for authority?
Mr. VINTON replied that that was a question
which the gentleman from North Carolina could
answer as well as he could. He then expressed
the hope that the Oregon territorial bill would not
be made to interfere with the general appropriation
bills.
Mr. HARALSON said it was important to act
speedily on this message from the President of the
United States. Our citizens who were now inhab-
itants of Oregon were in need of military aid to
protect them against the Indian tribes, and prompt
action was necessary to give them that aid. .He
hoped it would not be mixed up with the consider-
ation of the Oregon territorial bill; for when that .
bill shall come up, it would be discussed from
day to-day and week to. week, and hence it was
impoftant to give this message such a direction— 
for instance, by referring it to the Military Com-
mittee—as would lead to the furnishing of speedy
relief to those who appealed to us for protection.
How could this be done? They were separate
questions; both embraced, it was true, in themes-
sage of the President—one, however, urging the
importance of the establishment of a territorial
government in Oregon; and the other a specific
recommendation that the President be authorized
to raise a volunteer force for the purpose of going
speedily to the scene of these disturbances, and
giving relief to our citizens there. He would pro-
pose, then, instead of the motion of his colleague,
that the President's message be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, with instructions
to that committee to report, and to report forth-
with, if they pleased, a bill to this House autho-
rizing the President to raise a sufficient force to
proceed forthwith to Oregon to give our citizens
there the relief they demand. Thus speedy relief
would be afforded, and the House would not place
themselves in the attitude of disregarding the call,
and engaging in idle debate upon subjects discon-
nected with that relief. The two subjects were
not connected with each other;, the one related
to the establishment of a territorial government
which might tend ultimately to their security
against the encroachments of the Indians; and the
other proposed to raise a military force for their
i immediate relief.
I Mr. COBB wished to make the simple sugges-
! tion to his colleague that this very war in which
the people of Oregon were engaged with these In-
dian tribes originated in consequence of the failure
of this Government to establish Indian agencies
there to conciliate and control them, and furnish
them those articles which were usually given to
the Indians, and were necessary for carrying on
peaceable relations with them. That was on'i°
the chief causes of the present difficulties, xhe
establishment of Indian agencies would be more
I effective towards putting an end to this wai, and
1 restoring friendly relations,-than a]li dhe regiiments
we coufd send. They needed both; but, until
' Congress gave them the protection of law rall other
! measures If relief were merely temporary, and
might do as much harm a.s g°od- .
Mr HARALSON replied that he had just voted
I to make the Oregon bill the special order for an
I early dSy, and he trusted he should not be consid-
! efed opposed to speedy action. But he asked hi*
