790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
'colleague if he did not know that it was utterly |
impossible to have as prompt action on the tern- j
tonal bill as he in his fervor might desire. It had |
-already been intimated that there were variows J
questions which might arise in the discussion of]
that bill upon which a very large number of the j
members might desire to be heard.
Mr. COBB would answer hrs colleague's inter-
rogatory with great pleasure, by telling him that
• there was not a question which could arise outof the
- Oregon bill, either in its present form or as it might
••beamended,which had not been discussed over!
and over again; and upon the determination of
this House to act, or not to act, would depend the
'early decision or the postponement of the ques-
tion.
Mr. HARALSON agreed that some of the ques-
tions which would grow out of the Oregon Terri-
tory bill had been discussed year after year and
session after session, but urged that in all proba-
bility they would be discussed again. Could any
member expect that the questions embraced in that
bill would not be discussed when it came up to be
acted on? He perhaps might not be disposed to
enter into the discussion, but other gentlemen would,
and one already had the floor upon it, and it would
•be difficult, if not impossible, to close the debate at
Jan early day. If the motion to lay on the table
prevailed, he would go with his colleague to con-
sider as speedily as possible the Oregon Territory
bill; if it failed, he should move to refer the mes-
sage to the Committee on Military Affairs, with
instructions to prepare and report a bill making
proper provision for affording immediate security
to our people in Oregon. But they might do both;
they might, and he hoped they would as soon as
possible, proceed to consider the territorial bill, and
then, if his anticipations were fulfilled, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs might report the bill to
afford p ompt relief, which he hoped would be
passed immediately, and then gentlemen could
spend the time in discussing the bill to establish
the territorial government.
Mr. COLLAMER said there had been several
instances in the course of his short'Congressional
experience in which, at least, there had been this
successful experiment^— that some pressing emer-
gency was seized hold of, becauvse it was pressing,
not for the purpose of providing for that peculiar
exigency, but of taking advantage of that exigency
to carry the necessary measure together wiih some-
thing else. This experiment had in various forms
successfully been practised upon the House. He
referred, as one of the most notable instances, to
the preamble of the war bill,as thus forced through,
in connection with which men had been driven to
votes, some under protest, which he thought many
of them had had occasion to deplore; if they had
not, the country had. " A burnt child dreads the
fire." He was inclined from this experience to
say, if there were an exigency arising, they should
confine their action to this exigency, and wot
undertake to connect with it, by any artificial con-
trivance, other matters which had no necessary
connection. He thought, in raising the army for
Mexico, they did not confine their action to the
exigency; and it seemed to him that on this occa-
sion he could perceive a similar attempt. What
was the state of the case? We had been informed
that our inhabitants who had gone to Oregon were
in great peril; that the Indians had waged war
upon them and had already committed massacre
and bloodshed. Very well; the first proposition
offered was immediately to take up a certain bill to
establish a territorial government in Oregon. Now,
he asked whether that bill would protect the people,
if it passed? Would it stop the Indian war? Would
it afford relief to the citizens there? Not at all; it
did no such thing. But there had been an open
avowal of another purpose, which was to take ad-
vantage of this exigency to press through the ter-
ritorial bill and prevent the discussion of the ques-
tion of slavery in that Territory; and it was said,
moreover, that the subject had been talked about
enough. Now, if gentlemen chose to allow them-
selves, after tins purpose had been avowed, to be
coaxed into a transaction of this kind, they did it
"with their eyes open. He would not.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mrf Cobb] had
said that Indian agencies should be established over
the country. Now, the Oregon Territory bill con-
tained no provision for Indian agencies; there was
nothing of the kind in it. The Indian-agencies
Were a branch of the Government by themselves;
they might be extended to as much or as little of \
the Indian territory as Congress thought proper; i
they were entirely independent of the territorial j
governments. Therefore that did not answer the i
purpose.
The truth was, if anything was wanted, a bill
was wanted for the purpose of raising troops to be
sent immediately to that country. Now, he wished
to be distinctly understood, he did not object to
raising any troops if necessary; neither had he any i
objection that this message should be sent to the j
Committee on Military Affairs. He would, how- I
ever, give the committee no instructions about it;
he would send it to them expecting that they would ■
take such action a3 the emergency of the case re- :
quired. He did not object to anything which was 1
really necessary; but what did the occasion de-
mand? What were its necessities?
He was not satisfied with the reply of the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] upon a sugges-
tion that had been raised. Before the war with
Mexico existed, a bill had been brought into the
House, in pursuance of the recommendation of the
President himself, providing, with a view to the
protection against the Indian tribes of emigrants on
their way to Oregon, for the erection of stockades
and block-house forts along the route, and autho-
rizing a regiment of mounted riflemen to be raised
for this specific service. [He read this recommend-
ation of the President, and an extract of the act.]
The act was entitled "An act to< provide for raising
a regiment of mounted riflemen, and establishing
military stations on the route to Oregon." This
bill was passed into a law, as recommended by the
President, for the express, distinct purpose thus
avowed in its. title. The President could not have
failed to know the intention of Congress. And
was it not his duty to carry out that intention,
whren it was known, and when it was constitu-
tional? But they were told that inasmuch as, on
looking over the bill, it did not expressly say that
the President should not use this force elsewhere,
he had sent them off to Mexico? Who, then, was
responsible for the state of things which now ex-
isted there? We were told that a small force had
been put on the way to Santa Fe; but the great pur-
pose for which the regiment was expressly autho-
rized by Congress had been totally neglected by the
Executive, and hence the inhabitants in Oregon
had suffered. Who was responsible? He did not
stand here to make particular charges against any-
body, or to impute bad motives, but he wished it
correctly understood that it was not true, as the
message implied, that Congress had failed to do its
duty to the citizens in Oregon; and if their meas-
ure had not answered its purpose, it was because
the Executive had not carried out the clearly ex-
pressed intentions of Congress.
Mr. BOWLIN was understood to say that a
part of a regiment were now employed on the route
to Santa F£ and to Oregon to protect emigrants.
Mr. COLLAMER said this might be so, but
he repeated that the Executive had v olated the
clearly expressed intentions of Congress in raising
this force, and animadverted upon the insufficiency
| of the excuse that he was not expressly prohibited
! from sending this force to Mexico. He did this
j with a view to have the facts of the case correctly
j understood. The fault, if fault there was, did not
| he upon Congress, for they had made express pro-
' vision for this case, and the President had diverted
the force to other service. The Piesident had as-
sumed to send our troops into disputed territory;
he certainly had the right, within the acknowledged
limits of the territory of the United States, to dis-
pose of the army as he saw fit; and he should
always have a reserve force sufficient to defend the
frontiers in any contingency against the encroach-
ments of the Indians. If the committee and the
House thought that additional forces should be
sent, let a bill be passed accordingly; but his main
purpose was to object against the emergency being
made a pretext for pressing through the Oregon
Territory bill with hot haste and without dis-
cussion.
Mr. HILLIARD called for a division of the
question.
Afrer some conversation on a point of order—
The question on the first division, viz. on laying
on the table, was taken, and negatived.
The question recurring on the second branch,
"viz. on printing—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he intended
to favor the proposition of his friend from Georgia
who last had the floor, [Mr. Haralson,] and to
express very briefly his opposition to the course
taken by his other friend from Georgia, [Mr*
Cobb.] He was as willing as any other member
of Congress that the two Houses'should act im-
mediately upon the proposition to give efficient
and immediate relief to the people of the Territory
of Oregon. He believed it was their duty to afford
that aid promptly. But he objected to the propo-
sition of his friend over the way, [Mr. Cobb,] be-
cause it contemplated the hurried passage through
the House of a bill involving the most important
question which' agitated the people of this country.
Whenever that question was fairly before Con-
gress,-he, for one, desired to hear it discussed by
men of all political complexions, and from every
portion of the Confederacy. He had no idea of
seeing the great question of the power of Congress*
over the Territories forced through under the gag.
Let the two questions be separated; Jet the mes-
sage be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and they report that sort of relief which
the occasion required; and when the Oregon Ter-
ritory bill came up, let them have a full and fair dis-
cussion upon the territorial question. He thought
he saw the object of the gentleman from Georgia;
in the smoke created by the President's message,
in the excitement at the condition of our people in
Oregon, to force this question through under the
gag, and get clear of this question, involving the
most weighty consequences to this entire Confed-
eracy, and especially the southern portion of it.
However it might affect Presidential aspirants, he
could not sanction the attempt to blink the ques-
tion and force it through under the gag. He wished
at the proper time to express his views upon it, as
other gentlemen had done upon occasions when
the question did not properly arise. He was not
willing that the views of the gentleman from Geor*
gia who had first addressed the House should go
as the views of the southern portion of this Con-
federacy. He hoped, therefore, the gentleman's
proposition would be rejected, and that of the other
gentleman from Georgia receive the sanction of the
House. Whether* the views of gentlemen might
agree with those of others, or with those of Presi-
dential aspirants, it mattered not; let every gentle-
man express his own views and those of Jus con-
stituents boldly, fearlessly. This he intended to
make his course.
Mr.SMITH, of Indiana,said he had introduced
the resolution lelative to the Oregon Territory bill
without consultation with any individual, or with-
out knowing that it was the intention of the Presi-
dent to send in the message which had this morn-
ing been received, but upon his own impression
that the House was imperatively called to act upon
this measure at an early period. He was aware
that the general appropriation bills had already
been made the special order, and that they were
acting under it, and also, as had been stated by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways arid Means,
[Mr. Vinton,] that but a month would elapse be-
tween the present and the commencement of the
next fiscal year; and he had not, therefore,desired
to anticipate these bills, but had proposed to make
the Oregon bill the special order immediately after
they had been disposed of.
The gentleman from Vermont imagined he saw
in this proposition an effort to make this exi-
gency a pretext for rushing through this territorial
bill 
Mr. COLLAMER said his remark did not ap-
ply to the genrleman from Indiana.
Mr. SMITH said, if any such purpose had been
entertained by anybody, it was not by him, and
proceeded warmly to urge the imperative duty of
Congress long ere this to have made provisions for
a government for Oregon. It was now something
like two years since the question of our tiile had
been relieved from all doubt and controversy; a
population of ten to twelve thousand souls and
more had gone there, having emigrated from almost
every State in the Union; they were surrounded by
savage tribes, who were making incursions upon
them, pillaging their property, and attacking and
murdering them. We claimed the territory, and
the reciprocal obligation rested upon us to extend
to them the fostering care and protection of this
Government; we should either do this or declare
that we left them to take care of themselves. Un-
less a resolution to make the bill a special order
was adopted, the session would pass, and it would
not be acted on.
