1848.
Ti®E CONGHESSION^f, '(Sh&BE.
':7m
He had no objection .to the proposition of the
gentleman from Georgia to refer this message to
the Commiitee on Military Affairs. If its state-
ments were true—and he had reason to believe they
were, they were corroborated from other sources—
-if the people of that territory werengw preyed up'on
by Indians, if they were the subjects of slaughter
and massacre, we ought to provide means for their
immediate protection. He was aware, as had been
stated by the gentleman from Vermont, that these
means had been furnished at a former period by
Congress, but they had been diverted to another
purpose, and it was enough now for them to know
• that protection was not now provided. Let the
responsibility of diverting the military force rest
where it might, Congress were obliged now either
to call back that force or provide another. He
was willing that that force should be provided.
He concurred with the gentleman from Missis-
sippi that thequestions involved in this bill were of
the highest importance. He was aware that a new,
and not only a new, but a startling doctrine had
been propounded in this House and elsewhere, that
this Government had no right to establish territo-
rial governments. He desired to see this question
settled; he desired, with his friend from Missis-
sippi, to allow the largest latitude in the discussion
of this and collateral questions, and he was willing
to meet them. He did not desire to delay the action
of the House upon the measure which might be
necessary for the immediate protection of that peo-
ple until these other subjects could be discussed.
Let the message be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, or some other appropriate com-
mittee, and, when it was reported, let it receive the
prompt action of the House; and, in the mean, time,
he trusted that the House would fix on a time
when this territorial bill would be brought up,
and if Congress -had the power to establish a ter-
ritorial government, let it be known; and, if they
had not, let the people there be informed of it, and
be left to their own resources to form a government.
Mr. VENABLE concurred fully with the gen-
tlemen who thought they should adopt immediate
action for the protection of thg people of Oregon,
and he took occasion to say to his friend from Ver-
mont,'that whatever might be the disposition of
others, it was none of his (Mr. V.'s) to annex this
amendment to the Oregon bill for the purpose of
avoiding the discussion of the question to which
the gentleman had referred. He wished to stand
rectus in curia tipon that question; and when it
came up, he trusted an opportunity would be af-
forded him of giving his views in full. A more
important and interesting question had never, and
could never, be agitated. He was unwilling, by
indirect legislation or by parliamentary manoeuvre,
to avoid any question; he was willing that the
world should know any political opinion he held,
and to give full expression to it, affect whatever
individual it might.
He proceeded to vindicate the President from the
charges made against him by Mr. Collameu, and
read from the message of 1845 recommending the
erection of stockades and block-house forts, and
the employment of a mounted regiment on the
route to Oregon; and said that the regiment was
raised, and they were told by the gentleman from
Missouri that two battalions of it were there.
Mr. BOWLIN, (in his seat.) Two battalions
of it regiment!
Mr. VENABLE. Two battalions of a regiment.
Ah! how had the thing diminished and come down
to nothing! Did the law restrict the President to
one particular regiment, if, as commander-m-chief
of the army, he though best to send one regiment
there instead of another ? If the men were there—
if the stockades and block-house forts were there
to protect the emigrants on the way to Oregon, and
not in the Territory of Oregon, the President was
not responsible. He had carried out the provisions
of the law of Congress. But that made no differ-
ence with some gentlemen; it was impossible for
the President to suit the tastes, inclinations, and
feelings of certain individuals; if a Democratic
cook prepared the food it was either too salt or too
fresh, too done or too raw, the blame must be
thrown upon the President at any rate !
He concurred with his friend from Georgia,
(Mr. Hakalson.) He would detach this question
from party strife, from slavery, the Wilmot proviso,
and other political questions. When the voice of
distress and agony came up to us from those who
■bad carried their wives and their little ones into
that territory under the expectation of our protec-
tion, let them afford immediate relief.
His principal object in rising was to inform the
people everywhere that there was no disposition,
he believed, on his side of the House, and it was
disclaimed on the other, to blink this great ques-
tion. He was willing to discuss it; he wanted all
its principles to be made'as familiar as household
words, let who would be injured by it. He want-
ed it understood. When the Oregon bill came up,
he hoped that no hurryto adjourn or anything else
would prevent a thorough discussion and under-
standing of each other's views. If the platform on
which he and those who thought with him stood
had a bad foundation, let it be torn from them; but
let it be understood that the rights of the southern
.portion of the Confederacy were never to be made
the subject of compromise. lie felt that his chil-
dren were the legitimate children of the country;
that they had an equal interest in the common
propertyof theUnion, and no man should say, you
have no right to put your foot upon the territory
of the Union. With his heart's bloed he would
defend that principle. In all our broad territory,
whether acquired by purchase or conquest, by ces-
sion or treaty, his children and the children of his
constituents had the right to put their foot and their
property, and to demand that protection which the
Constitution of the United States gave thpm. When
he ceased to stand by this right he hoped to be de-
nounced as recreant to every high, noble, and holy
feeling which should fill an American hosom.
Mr. HILLIARD' recalled the attention of the
House to the question under consideration, and
was understood to confess that he was not without
suspicion that there were concealed objects lurk-
ing beneath the proposition of the gentleman from
Georgia, which looked to cutting short the debate
on the'territorial bill. He heartily responded to
the sentiments of his friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] who did not wish this question to be
suppressed. He had no desire to pin those two
subjects together, and dispose of them under the
press of the gag, or to cut off any part of this
House from the full and free expression of any
sentiment which they might hold. He was will-
ing to give prompt relief to our citizens in Oregon,
and it seemed to him best to adopt the very sensi-
ble suggestion of the gentleman from Georgia, and
refer the message to the Committee on Military
Affairs; for how could this House mature the
proper bill without a committee? He wished to
give efficient military protection both to residents
and to emigrants on their way to Oregon. Let
them act wisely; let no ultra object influence their
legislation; let them do their duty to the country,
and not bring into the discussion of every question
small and great subjects which were not connected
with it, and which ought not to be brought here.
Whether it was designed to affect the Presidential
contest which was coming off he knew not; but,
if no other and sinister object was to be accom-
plished, the proper course was to refer to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and let them prepare a
bill to raise a sufficient force to send out to Oregon.
He was willing to vote for it; he sympathized
with our citizens in that distant country; the very
first speech he had made oh this floor was in their
behalf, and he was willing now to act in accord-
ance with it. But he argued that there was no ne-
cessity for such hot haste, for pressing aside all
the important business of the session.
With reference to the'question of establishing
territorial governments, he had views which would
conflict with those of some other gentlemen, but
which he believed would receive the support of the
great body of \he people. He did not desire to
mix up the subject with other questions affecting
the Presidential canvass. So far as he was con-
cerned, he recognized no ally of that description.
He meant to fight the Presidential contest upon
the lofty ground on which it ought to be placed—
upon public policy, independent of local interests,
which had no place in it, upon a high conservative
policy, opposed to the recklessness of the course
of the present Administration.
So believing, he was unwilling to bring up the |
Oregon bill now, but expressed his preference to
adhering to the order of business, and especially
to executing the special order by disposing of the
general appropriation bills which it was so neces-
sary to pass, as the commencement of the fiscal
year was at hand. By this course the general
despatch of business would be promoted 
Mr. COBB inquired at what time hip friend, from
Alabama thought the appropriation bills w^uldbp
passed? And why they had not been passed long
8S0? ■
Mr. HILLIARD coultf not undertake to con-
jecture when they would be passed, if topics of
this kind were allowed to supersede them. But*|f
the House would go on in the ordinary course of
legislation, they would be able to dispose of them
in a very few weeks. He would, however, refer
to his friend from Ohio.
Mr. VINTON, being thus appealed to, said, if
when the appropriation bills were up, all other
subjects except the bill were to be discussed, he
eouid not form a conjecture when they would be
disposed of. That had been the course heretofore;
the discussion had been about things totally for-
eign to the bills before the House. If the House,
however, would pursue the course indicated by the
gentleman from Alabama, and confine the debate
to the bills and the subjects properly involved, the
probability was that they would be passed in the
course of all the next month.
Mr. HILLIARD said, as to why it had not
already been done, the gentleman could as well
answer as himself, having watched the course of
business as closely.
He was anxious that they should act on the
Oregon bill; he was anxious also that this message
should be acted on, and was in favor of referring
it to the Committee on Military Affairs; and when
reported it could be acted on with little delay, after
which they would have time to discuss the other
very delicate question upon this floor. While the
section of the country he in part had the honor to
represent asked no exclusive favors, it would sub-
mit to no exclusive deprivations; while it did not
appeal to the generosity of the Government, it ap-
pealed to its justice; it held it to its constitution and
compromise's; and while they were unwilling to
offend the feelings of any gentleman who acted
with them, they never would merge the rights of
that section for any other object near or remote,
nor support any gentleman who did not heartily
agree with them -in all the great conservative
measures which formed an issue before the coun-
try.
Mr. NICOLL obtained the floor, and, after some
conversation—at the suggestion of Mr. Haralson
and others, having moved an amendment to the
motion to print, to refer to the Committee oh Mili-
tary Affairs—demanded the previous question.'
The demand was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered, and being taken, the amendment and
motion as amended were successively agreed to,
and then the message was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and printed.
The question recurring on the resolution of Mr.
Smith, of Indiana, to make the Oregon territorial
bill the special order immediately after the general
appropriation bills are disposed of, and so to con-
tinue from day to day (except Fridays and Satur-
days) until disposed of—
The SPEAKER ruled out of order the amend-
ment of which Mr. Bowlin had given notice, and
which he now offered, making the Oregon bill the
special ordekfor this day and until disposed of, and
for this purpose postponing all previous special
orders.
Considerable conversation ensued upon this
point of order, but the decision of the Chair was
acquiesced in without appeal.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, demanded
the previous question; which was seconded, and
under its operation the original resolution of Mr.
Smith was adopted.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ASHMUN asked the general consent of
the House to introduce a joint resolution to close
the present session of Congress, by an adjourn-
ment sine die, on Monday, July 10, at 12 o clock,
meridian.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said the resolution was
not now before the House, and therefore, in order
that they might put themselves in a condition to
adjourn, he would move the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of disposing of the busi-
ness before them. „
Mr ASHMUN said he moved a suspension o!
the rules for the purpose of submitting his resolu-
tion, and he asked the yeas and nays thereon.
Mr COBB contended that the gentleman was
