<7M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
that on bills of almost every characterspeeches of a
genera! character on the politics of the country had
been permitted in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BURT held the decision of the Chair to be
manifestly improper. The rules read by his col-
league were rules of the House; but in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union anything
that affected the state of. the Union generally was
strictly pertinent and in order. When this com-
mittee rose, its chairman would report to the House
that the committee " had had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
'such and such a bill." Why was it that there was
-sueh a fluttering-the moment his colleague had
announced his determination to speak, in answer
to a speech of a gentleman from Virginia, (un-
derstood to mean Mr. Bayly,) on a subject not
connected with the matter of the bill before the
committee, and which speech itself had had as little
connection with the bill under discussion when it
was made, and had been therefore just as much
out of order as the answer to it would be ? Mr. B.
insisted that it was his colleague's right to speak
on any subject he chose; and he demanded it on
his behalf, as an act of justice.
Mr. DLFER considered the rule of the House
limiting debate in Committee of the Whole as a
very bad rule; but the practice of the House had
relaxed its strictness, and granted an enlarged free-
dom of discussion. The practice on this subject
had been uniform, and amounted to a common law,
established by precedents If the House wished
to alter this practice, they had to make a new rule.
Mr. D. had that sense of equal justice within
him which would ever induce him to treat with
-perfect fairness every gentleman, whatever might
be his political opinion. So far as he himself was
concerned, therefore, (and he believed he might
say so far as gentlemen on his side of the House
were concerned,) the appeal had been quite unne-
cessary, as there was no disposition to deny to
gentlemen on one side of the House what had been
granted so often to thoseon the other. It was im-
possible to shut out from discussion great ques-
tions which agitated the people of this Union.
They ought to be discussed, and they would be.
Why, then, was the discussion of them out of
order? Because the existing rules which the House
had established to regulate its proceedings prevent-
ed members from speaking what they wished, so
that they could not be strictly in order if they
opoke freely what they desired to speak, and what
ought to be spoken. Mr. D. himself desired to
speak on what he believed to be the subject on ■
•which the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. |
Khett] had intended to address the committee.
If the*House would so modify its rules that they
would not prevent proper discussion in committee,
■why then he would be as much in favor as any
one of a strict enforcing of the rules.
Mr. J". R. INGERSOLL was sorry to differ in
opinion from the worthy gentleman from New
York; but the gentleman was certainly mistaken
in supposing that the rules of order prevented such
a discussion as that m which he seemed desirous to
engage. There was always an opportunity, with-
out the violation of any rule, to entertain the widest
discussion on the general concerns and politics of
the country. That opportunity was afforded when
the message of the Executive was received in the
opening of each session T)f Congress. That docu-
ment was properly of the widest and most general
character, compiehending a general view of the
whole state and interests of the country. At that
period of the session its buisiness was just assu-
ming shape—it was in a state of preparation, but
•was not yet laid before the House and referred to
the several standing committees There was noth-
ing which compelled prompt action; but an interval
occurred in which it was proper and appropriate
to indulge in the most enlarged and general discus-
sion. But when the business of the House was
prepared, referred, and seriously commenced,how
could any gentleman of business (such as Mr. I.
well knew his friend from New York to be) desire
that all those rules should be tiampled under foot,
the very object of which was to secure a prompt
and orderly discharge of the public business? How
could he desire that when a subject was referred
to a committee to be discussed and acted upon,gen-
tlemen should be permitted to depart from the sub-
ject under discussion, and wander in their speeches
over the wide-world without limit or restraint?
Mr. DUER explained. He had said that there
were two bad rules here; one that allowed a mem-
ber to discuss in Committee of the Whole other
subjects than that referred to the committee and '
under consideration; this was one bad rule or .!
practice; the other was that which forbade the /
bringing before a Committee of the Whole sub- i
jects of deep and general interest which ought ;;
to be discussed in the. Halls of Congress. But he ;;
had declared that if the House would agree on a j
rule that would allow (0 such subjects being dis- |j
cussed in committee, then he should be for a strict j|
enforcing of the rule. Until then, he would say to |j
gentlemen that it was in vain to seek to prevent the 'j
discussion in order, or out of order, of great and 1
vital subjects in which the people took a deep con- -
cern. '■
Mr. INGERSOLL, resuming, said it was an !
evil great enough when gentlemen, desirous to dis- i
cuss a particular subject not strietiy before the ;
committee, contrived, by distant analogy or some j
circuitous process; to bring it sufficiently into con- !
nection or affinity to the legitimate subject of debate 1
to prevent its being ruled out; but when a gentle- i
man got up in his place, and with that manly \
frankness which always characterized thegentle~
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] avowed
in the outset and gave public notice that he did not
mean to speak to the subject before the committee
at all 
Mr. RHETT here interposed to say that he had
not declared that he did not mean to speak on any
subject which concerned the state of the Union, but
only that he should not discuss this particular bill
about the West Point Academy.
Mr. INGERSOLL said that he so understood
the gentleman; and when a gentleman made such
an avowal beforehand, he did not see how any gen-
tleman who regarded the orderly discharge of the
public business could possibly object to his being j
ruled out of order. j
The gentleman from New York had spoken of;
precedent having established a sort of common law :
on this subject. Now, none knew better than that
gentleman that a bare solitary case like that which :
had occurred a few days since in the reversal of a
decision of the Chair did not amount to a prece- ,
dent. In the courts it was held necessary that there 1
must be a succession, a course, or system of pre- jl
cedents, before the law was held to be settled in >;
contrariety to the wording of a statute.
For these reasons Mr. 1. held the decision of the j;
Chairman in the present case to have been strictly i;
right and proper. If a gentleman could show that
the subject on which he wanted to speak came s
within the scope of a legitimate, though it might jj
be a rather remote, connection with the subject it
under debate, then certainly great liberty and lati- jj
tude of discussion ought to be allowed; bu£ the i|
gentleman from South Carolina had intended, he j
said himself, to discuss matters connected with the
state of the Union, and not with the bill before the |
committee. This certainly ought not to be allowed. I
Mr. I. had always contended for a strict observance j
of the rulesand order of business; but if the various j
appropuation bills and all other important business ,
! which remained to be done were to be put off and I,
; superseded by general and irrelevant speeches, and I.
; that, too, when the period of debate was limited, N
j he did not see how the public business was ever to ;
, be done. The chairman of the Committee of Ways '
and Means had been compelled by the urgency of <
; the business of which he had special charge, and J
t by the advanced period of the session, repeatedly !
; to move that the period of discussion in Committee
i of the Whole should be limited by authori'y of'
the House; and he had been driven to this by the
practice of prolonged and miscellaneous debate ,
on other matters than those before the committee;
matters which might better be discussed in the
papers, in pamphlets, or even on the stump, (though
; he knew the gentleman from South Carolina was
far above the level of stump speaking,) than on the [
, floor of that House, to the interruption of the busi- i
ness of the country. 1
!: Mr. BURT, with the utmost respect for the '
I honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, would
II ask leave to put to him one question. }|
!j Mr. INGERSOLL. Certainly, with pleasure. J
;j Mr. BURT. Does the gentleman recollect one j|
j! solitary instance in which any member has been
j, declared out of order for irrelevancy when the H
i House was in Committee of the Whole? jj
>' Mr. INGERSOLL'S reply was drowned by the U
noise in the House, (which continued in an un-
usual degree throughout this entire debate;) but he
was heard very distinctly to exclaim, mains usus
abolendus est.
Mr. HOUSTONof Alabama, would askthegen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] whether
he remembered one solitary instance where, on an
isolated point touching the amendment of a bill
which was suspended between the two Houses, a
long, rambling debate had been permitted ?
' Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL observed, that in the
absence of all regular books of reports of what
took place in Committee of the Whole, individual
cases adduced from the recollection of members
were a very uncertain authority to guide the action
of the House. He presumed that every gentleman
who desired an early adjournment of Congress
would be in favor of seeing the business before it
done in conformity with its rules, and not in a
loose, informal, irregular manner.
Mr. SIMS again quoted the rules, and insisted,
that though the practice might have been different,
the chairman was always bound to decide accord-
ing to the rules laid down by the House. If the
Committee of the Whole chose by its own act to
relax the rule, let it do so; but this should be regu-
lated by circumstances; each case should stand by
itself; and a decision in one case should not be
drawn into precedent as a rule for another. Cir-
cumstances greatly varied, and each case was to be
judged by its own merits.
The decision of the Chair had been perfectly
right. If the gentleman from South Carolina was
to be allowed to speak on a subject foreign from
the bill, let that be done by the committee, not by
the chairman. If they were now at the commence-
ment of the session, he should refuse the leave; but
after the repeated departures which had -been al-
lowed, he did not see how the committee could
insist on the strict observance of the rule.
Mr. VINTON said that it had been remarked
; by a gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] that
j the motion of Mr. V. was invidious, as refusing
i to a particular individual what had freely been
! allowed to others. This rendered it necessary for
j Mr. V. to state, that in making the motion he had
I done, he had been actuated by no personal dislike
; to hearing the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Rhett;] on the contrary, there was no mem-
ber of the House to whom he would rather listen.
But he had previously given notice, that when the
next appropriation bill should come up, he should
use his best endeavor to keep the committee to the
observance of the rules of order. The rules of the
House had been enacted for the purpose of facili-
tating the public business; and the sole legitimate
purpose of debate was to enable the committee the
better to understand the subject on which it was
called to act. Now, the rules of the House, like
every other law or legal writing, should be so in-
terpreted as to accomplish the purpose for which
they were made. During the present session those
rules had suffered greater abuse than Mr. V. had
ever before witnessed. The practice which had
been indulged in was an absolute and an intolera-
ble abuse of the rules of order; and he fek it his
duty, in the position in which he had been placed,
here to give notice, that unless it should be arrested,
the bills could not be reached and carried through
which were necessary to carry on this Government.
Mr. RHETT asked whether a majority of the
House could do what it pleased out of committee?
And why not in committee?
Mr. VINTON admitted that a majority of the
House could act its pleasure; and its pleasure had
been to enact rules the better to enable its members
to understand and to do the business committed to
them.
The gentleman from South Carolina said that
slavery was a subject which affected the Union,
and therefore he was in order in speaking on a in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RHETT reminded Mr, V. that he had not
said that; he had not said that he was going to
speak on that subject.
Mr. VINTON admitted that he had not: Mr.
V. had supposed the carfc for illustration. It was
now three months that Mr. V. had been using every
effort and seizing on every occasion to press the
House to action on the appropriation bills. The
best way to test a law was to show its abuse: ar^
in the present case the strongest argument to show
that the decision of the Chair had been right, was
to state the evil effect of ft contrary practice. And
