796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
business; and he hoped the decision of the Chair
would be sustained. He thought it highly neces-
sary that the committee should establish a new
practice. He was in favor of the largest liberty, so
long as the debate was legitimate; and he assured
the gentleman from South Carolina, that he would
extend to him the utmost freedom of debate as soon
as to any gentleman on this floor. But so great had
become the abuse that lie felt himself compelled
to sustain the decision which the Chairman had
made.
Mr. GENTRY admitted that the decision of the
Chair was conformable to the rules, but it was in
opposition to a long course of practice. The point
involved in this decision had been repeatedly raised
since he had been a member of this House, ex-
tending over a course of eight years, and it had
been invariably decided in opposition to the decis-
ion now made. He trusted the committee would
adhere to its long-established usage, and insist on
the largest liberty when in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Whenever the House
surrendered that right, it would surrender up a very
important right of the representatives of the people.
Why, if the decision now made had governed this
House, he did not remember a speech for the last
ten years that could have been made. He alluded
to the discussion on the celebrated resolutions of
Mr. Foote, and others also, which had not been
.strictly limited to the subject before the House at
the time, and then adverted to the tenacity with
which the House clung to freedom of debate, as
shown in its giving permission to members called
to order for irrelevancy to proceed in order. When
an appropriation bill came up, was it not the right
of a member to examine not only one, but other
appropriations, and the administrative policy of
the Government ? It was also the right of a mem-
ber, when in Committee of the Whole on the^tate
of the Union, to examine and discuss the welfare
of the Union, and to call in question the acts of
the Administration and its administrative policy.
But if they enforced this rule, every member would
be debarred from discussing those questions. The
gentleman from Ohio (iMr. Vinton] had had a
foretaste of the effect of such a rule, for, while
making his brief statement this morning, he had
been called to order three times.
In the extreme freedom of debate which had been
so long tolerated there might be some evil, but in
seeking to escape from one evil they should not
involve themselves in a greater. He begged the
attention of all parties to the consideration of what
might be expected if, in times of high party excite-
ment, some unprincipled partisan should occupy
that chair. A gentleman might rise to discuss the
policy of the Administration of which the chairman
might be a supporter, and he might enter upon an
excoriating examination of the acts of the Admin-
istration; but how easy it would be for the Chair-
man to arrest such remarks under such a practice?
With such a rule, and an Administration majority
•on this floor, it would be impossible, in times of
high party excitement, to examine and discuss the
acts of the public officers of this Government.
[Loud cries of " Question."]
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, after some playful re-
marks on the subject of the difficulty with which
he had obtained the floor, and congratulating the
House, himself, and his constituents that a repre-
sentative from the northeastern corner of Alabama
at length enjoyed the privilege of addressing this
august body, proceeded to sustain the decision of
the Chair. He knew not how they were ever to
get through the business before them without a
more strict adherence to the rules than he had
heretofore witnessed. The practice had been to
introdifce discussions on every subject totally at
variance with the matter presented for their con-
sideration. He saw around him gentlemen who
spoke from four to six times on every topic—rele-
vantly? Oh, no; and if such latitude were to be
allowed in debate, they would continue so to talk
on every measure to be brought before them. It
was time that they should pause, and ask themselves
when they expected to do the business in which
their constituents were deeply interested. There
were several important bills on the calendar' in
which his constituents had an interest; but if they
were to go on and discuss every question in the
known world on a post office bill, or some other
solitary measure, when, in the name of common
sense, he would ask, would his constituents be
able to be heard ? He appealed to the House to
act upon those measures which were of practical
importance to their constituents, and not waste
their time in the discussion of mere theories.
The rules had been given to them as their polar
star, for their guidance through the mazes in which
some gentlemen would involve them, and he hoped j
the younger members especially would follow the
light which they afforded. The Chair had given
a correct interpretation of those rules, and the de-
cision of the Chair ought to be sustained. If it
were true, as had been'asserted, that in this vast ^
catalogue of rules there were none to meet the
present case, let a resolution be introdflced instruct- 1
ing the Committee on Rules to report one for the
government of the committee forthwith. He, how-
ever, was of opinion that the rules were amply
sufficient to meet the case; and he hoped, further,
that this present discussion would be brought to
an end, for, without possessing any peculiar inter- J
est, it obstructed the business in which they ought
to be engaged. If the question before the com-
mittee were not now settled by sustaining the
Chair, to-morrow they would see the same identi-
cal gentlemen who had occupied so much of the
time of the House in the discussion of every ques-
tion that came before it, again ready to make
speeches on every topic on which debate could be
hung. Besides the Mexican war, and the inci-
dental questions arising out of it, they had now a
very prolific theme for discussion—he meant Presi-
dent-making. In the course of ten or twelve days,
their Whig friends would be coming here from
Philadelphia fully charged with speeches on that
subject; and if the Chair should not now be sus-
tained in the decision which had been made, he
despaired of ever seeing one of those little bills
come up for consideration by which his constitu-
ents were to some extent to be affected. He spoke
with the highest respect for the gentleman from
South Carolina, who could make his speech on
some other occasion; and, at the same time, even
the gentlemen opposite would admit that he was
acting in no partisan spirit, for he was sustaining
a chairman who belonged to the Whigparty against
a gentleman of the pafty of which he was himself
a member. He had solely in view the proper dis-
charge oftheirduties to the country, and, with that
view, he again expressed the hope that the decision
of the Chair would be sustained.
Mr. POLLOCK rose to a question of order. He
asked if there was not a special order for this day,
and whether the business before the committee was
not confined to the morning hour? There being a
special order, he contended that it should be taken
up by the committee and acted upon, and, for that
purpose, that the Chair was bound to lay this bill
aside.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
The committee was charged with this bill, and, to
get at the special order, the motion should be that
the committee rise. *
Mr. STANTON next obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK expressed his desire to obtain
the floor, with an intimation that he would make
an hour's speech, unless gentlemen would agree to
terminate tins debate.
Mr. STANTON said the gentleman could do so
if he pleased; but all he had risen to say was, that
the simple question was, whether the rules of the
House were applicable to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? They had al-
ways been considered applicable; but the gentle-
man from South Carolina was entitled to be heard,
because they had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, and consequently everything
relating to the state of the Union was relevant. If
the rules of the House were not applicable, a gen-
tleman might speak ten hours instead of one.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said that the
question had not been understood. The question
was not whether upon a bill in Committee of the
Whole there be no limit to debate, but whether
upon a bill in said committee, which had passed
the House and been amended in the Senate, there
was not a limit of the discussion to the amendment
and its effects upon the bill. He remarked, that
if full latitude be granted in such cases, the m#Rt
useful bills might be defeated at the near termina-
tion of the session by protracted discussion.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, argued at great length
in support of the decision of the Chair, and in re-
ply to gentlemen who had taken adverse views in
the course of this debate. He particularly contro-
verted the position, based on certain phraseology,
that the rules-which were applicable to the Com-
mittee or the Whole were not applicable to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
He read several rules, and amongst them the 16th,
which empowered the Speaker or Chairmatf of the
Committee of the Whole House to clear the gal-
leries in case of any disturbance or disorderly con-
! duct in the galleries or lobby, and said that if
I the gentlemen to whom he replied were correct,
I the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had no'Such power to protect itself.
If the rules of the House were not operative in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
1 how, he asked, were they restricted to an amend-
; ment to an amendment as the utmost limit of
amendment? If they had no such rules, everything
that was decorous was in order. He was aware
that even the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, which appropriated millions of dollars, was
usually long in Committee of the Whole without
one word being said of the appropriations which
it proposed to make, until the debate was stopped
by order of the House. Under the five-minutea
rule, amendments could be explained, but the gen-
eral discussion on the bill was ordinarily devoted
to irrelevant topics. He was not disposed to make
the rules too restrictive, but some regard should
be had to the relevancy of debate.
Mr. THOMPSON asked the gentleman from
Georgia what was meant when the chairman of
the committee, on rising, reported that the com-
mittee had had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly such and such
a bill.
Mr. COBB replied that there was much in their
proceedings that was mere form, which could be
well dispensed with. There was a proper latitude
of debate.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if the gentle-
man from Georgia had ascertained the precise lati-
tude.
Mr. COBB replied that that must be submitted
to the judgment of the Chair, under the correction
of the committee.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired if the gentleman
from Georgia was willing to put such a power in
the hands of any one man, as to say hoiv far any
member should discuss a question on this floor.
Mr. COBB replied that there was an appeal to
the committee, and the majority could control the
Chair.
Mr. THOMPSON agreed with the gentleman
that a majority could control the Chair; but what
would become of the minority when a partisan of
the majority was in the chair? **
Mr. COBB had confidence in the glorious prin-
ciples of Democracy by which majorities were
allowed to govern.
Mr. THOMPSON remarked that majorities
were not always Democratic.
Mr. COBB said when they were riot, still the
minority must acquiesce.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, said the latitude
claimed for debate would give members the right
to do as they pleased. He had often voted to
close debate on a bill because everything else ex-
cept the bill under consideration was the subject
of debate, to the gratification only of certain gentle-
men who took occasion to discuss local or irrele-
vant questions.
Mr. COBB proceeded with his argument still
further, and contended that it had become neces-
sary to provide for the relevancy of debate; but, at
the same time, he was not disposed to be unneces-
sarily restrictive.
Mr. SCHENCK said that if gentlemen were
willing to take the question now, he would waive
his right to address the committee. Pie knew how
well gentlemen liked to hear him, [a laugh,] but
he would forego the floor; but, if the questfcn was
not now to be taken, he should insist upon his full
hour. He therefore wished gentlemen to indicate
now whether, if he spoke, they intended to answer
him. He knew gentlemen were all men of honor;
and if any man would rise and say that he would
reply, Mr. S. would now proceed; if not, he would
resume his seat.
No gentleman answering, Mr. S. said he yielded
the floor.
[Loud calls for the question.]
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee r"
the question was taken by tellers, and decidedJn
the affirmative—ayes 74, noe® 72. So the decision
