i84a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7®9
ought to be allowed, they would of course grant it.
If the report contained, as was asserted, numerous
errors, there had certainly been sufficient time to
expose them. Mr. S. would not say that there
•were no errors in it, but one thing he was entirely
sure of, and that was, that the Secretary's report
contained not a few. That document would be
found to be full of errors. The report from the
committee was not an attack upon the Secretary,
but simply a fair examination and exposition of
the errors to be found in his official report to the
country.
The gentleman from Virginia -was mistaken in
saying, that at the last session of Congress, the
committee had not sat at all; they had had meet-
ings, and sundry matters had been referred to
them by order of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked whether the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania would have any objec-
tion that the minority and majority report should
go out together? The printing of the majority
report would not be delayed a single hour. The
minority report would be ready in the course of
some eight or ten days, and that was as soon and
sooner than the public printers would be able to
set it up. What could the gentleman find to ob-
ject against such an anangement?
Mr. STROHM rephefl, he did not know that,
for himself, he had any particular objection 
Mr. COBB, (in his seat,) interposing, said he
hoped it would be done.
Mr. STROHM (continuing in reply) said, he
had stated the time that the minority of the com-
mittee had had to make a counter report, and he
would leave with the House to decide whether
they would defer the printing to give the minority
more time.
Mr. IIUbSON said it seemed to him that the
motion .suggested by the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Cobb] was a very singular one—a motion to
print a document which was not yet prepared. He
presumed that when the minority of that commit-
tee should make a report, there would be no dis-
position on the pait of the House to suppress it;
but the idea of ordering a document to be printed
which was not now in existence, seemed to him
very extraordinary indeed, and very objectionable.
"When a report-was presented, and a motion was
made to print, it was competent for any gentleman
to call for its reading, and the reading would enable
the House to judge whether it was suitable to be
printed or not. But how could they call upon the
House to vote on a document which was not yet
in existence—which would perhaps be written by
somebody at some future period? The question
was an entirely different one; the House could not
judge until the report was presented whether it
should be printed. If the report was presented,
he certainly would vote to print it, unless there
was something very objectionable, very much out 1
of charactcr, m it, which hedid not anticipate from
this committee, or any committee of the House;
but he could not vote to print that or any other
.document until such document was prepared. It
seemed to him, while the gentleman from Georgia
had shown his usual ingenuity, he had not present-
ed a case which would bear examination at all. If
any gentleman on this side of the House should
move for the punting of a document which was
not yet prepared, and whicn perhaps never would
be, lie presumed that gentleman would be among
the very fiist to interpose his objection.
Now, suppose they ordered this report to be
printed, and printed together with the minority
report, which might be made at some future pe-
riod, and suppose the minority should conclude
not to make a report, what would become of this
majority report? Why, it was ordered to be
printed on a. condition-precedent which might never
be complied with.
Mr. COBB. You can limit them as to the
time; require them to make their report within a
given time. There is no difficulty about that.
Mr. HUDSON. If it be true that the minority
have had this report in their hands for two
weeks-—
Mr. BE DINGER said the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strohm] did very courteously offer
that report for his examination two weeks ago; but
it should be remembered that it contained forty
pages, and that they had been preparing it ail
winter.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired of
Mr. Bbpingeh if the report had not been in his
hands and those of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Hall] two weeks?
Mr. BEDINGER. About that. '
Mr. HUDSON (resuming) said, if he under-
stood correctly, there had been a sub-committee
chosen for this investigation. His friend from
Virginia [Mr. Bedinger] was on that sub-com-
mittee; and if his friend from Pennsylvania had
had that subject in his hands during the whole
winter, surely his colleague on the same sub-com-
mittee had had it in his hands during the same
length of time; and certainly the gentleman from
Virginia had had precisely as long a time to prepare
a minority report as thegentleman from Pennsylva-
nia had had to prepare the majority report; and, in
addition, had had two weeks after the document
had passed out of the hands of the majority of the
sub-committee. It seemed to him, under all these
circumstances, to ask a delay of two or three weeks,
I or even ten days more, was a very unreasonable
I request. He would print the majority report;
| when the minority report came in, he would print
| that; and if there were extra numbers printed of
S the one, he would print extra numbers of the
I other. He would deal alike with them. But he
i objected to one being kept back, for the purpose,
| peihaps, of preventing its early circulation among
i the membeis of this House and the people.
As he presumed the House were prepared to
vote, he would move the previous question; but,
upon urgent appeal, he waived the motion for the
present.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to print
a paper which was not in possession of the House
was strictly not a parliamentai y motion, and could
not be received except by general consent; but that
the object might be accomplished by a motion to
postpone the printing unul the minority report
came in.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said he was not
aware of the existence of the report now under
consideration, unul this debate called his attention
to it. INot being a member of the Committee on
Public Expenditures, he of course could not know-
any thing of its intentions.
Upon looking at the report, however, ver.y hast-
ily, he found it to be one of the most extraordinary
papers ever presented to this House. He would
as?k to read its commencement:
"The Committee on Public Expenditures, having haduir
dei consideration the letierol the Secretary of theTreasuiy,
communicating Jn  annual report on the state of thefiuauccs
to Congress, with a view to ascertain whether the .-statements
contained iu that report are coiret t, and whether said otate-
liu'nts could not be made in a torni less difficult and more
easily to be comprehended, report,-' &c.
That committee had taken jurisdiction and charge
of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury; they
had assumed the duties of the Committee of Ways
and Means. And why or how had they done sor
Who had authorized them to take charge of that
subject? Certainly not the rules of this House;
nor had it been referred to that committee by reso-
lution or order of this body. If such resolution
exists, let it be produced. He presumed none
sucn couid he found. " He would read the rule of
the House prescribing the duties and marking the
proper jurisdiction ol that committee:
■ «It shall be the duty of the Committee on Public Expend-
itures to examine into the state of the s-evcral public depart-
ments, and patUcuUily into Iaw=- making appropriation? or
money, and to report whether the moneys nave been dis-
burden conformably with such laws: and also to report,
from time to tune, Mich provisions and airdngements a* way
be necessary to add to tne econom.v of the depaitments and
lilt) accountability of their oliiceis."
Now, was there any branch of this report which
came within the jurisdiction of the Committee on
Public Expenditures, as marked out by this rule?
He did not complain, nor did any member on his
side of the House, or of the minority of the com-
mittee, complain that the committee had thought
proper to investigate the statements of the Secre-
taiy of the Treasury. He was willing and desi-
rous to have that investigation take place. All he
wanted was, that justice and fairness should be
observed. Had that course been pursued? He
would like to know of some member of the com-
mittee whether the Secretary had been heard.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, (m his seat.) No; no
notice was given.
Mr. HOUSTON, (continuing.) He would like
some gentleman of the majority of the committee
to state whether the Secretary of the Treasury had
been notified by any member of the committee that
such an examination was going on? He did not
deny the right of any committee of this body to
•examine and pass upon whatever the House conir
mftted to its charge; he did not intend to say that
such committee had to give an officer notice in ad-
vance of their investigation. No such thing. But
if, in the course of such examination, the commit-
tee should find, or think it had found, an error, an
inconsistency, or a falsehood, it should communi-'
cate the fact to the officer whose conduct was being-
passed upon, and give him an opportunity to ex-
plain it. After the explanation, it should decide
and report to the House accordingly.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, the floor being yielded,
in further reply to the question of Mr. Rockwell,
stated his recollection to be that the report of the
majority had been in his possession 'and that of
the gentleman from Virginia, about two weeks
from last Monday.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, interposed
further, to inquire whether the gentleman from
Virginia was not one of the sub-committee ap-
pointed by the committee, and whether that was
not more than -two months since?
Mr. BEDINGER, (in his seat.) 1 will answer.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman from Virginia was
on the subcommittee. I do not know how long
since the resolution appointing them was adopted.
Mr. ROCKWELL. Was it not known to the
officers of the Treasury Department?
Mr. HALL did not know; but his impression
was, that the Secretary of the Treasury knew
nothing about the matter until ten days ago.
Mr. ROCKWELL. Has he not been informed ?
Mr. HALL'S impression was, that the Secretary
of the Treasury had been informed of it within the
last ten days. He wished to state, further, he did
not know how long the majority of the sub-com-
mittee had been engaged in preparing that report as
the report of the majority of the committee. He knew
it was very long, embracing thirty-nine page?*, that
more than half of which was taken up in difficult,
intricate calculations. Now, all that the minority
of the committee desired was, that they might
have a full and fair opportunity of examining these
estimates made by the majority of the sub-com-
mittee, and if they were incorrect to be permitted
to show their incorrectness, and put the actual state
of facts before the country. He, for one, had no
objection to the publication of this majority report;
he was anxious it should be published; he was
anxious, if the Secretary of the Treasury had
not discharged his duties, that the country should
know it. On the other hand, if the Secretary of the
Treasury had been assailed impropeily, he wished
it to be known, and that opportunity should be
given to expose the errors of the majority of the
committee. He wished, in one woid, that " the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth,11
should go before the country.
Then what did they propose ? They were engaged
in preparing a minority report; it was not yet com-
pleted; they believed they couid get it ready in ten
days; if they did not, they were willing that the
majority report should be printed without it. All
they wanted was a fair opportunity to examine and
elicit the whole truth and put it before the country.
Mr. ROCKWELL. Has not that repoit been
in the possession of the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. HALL. It has not.
Mr. ROCKWELL. Had not a copy of it been
in possession of the officers of the Tieasury De-
partment?
. Mr. HALL referred to Mr. Bedinger for an
answer.
Mr. BEDINGER said he thought it very prob-
able it had; but at the same time not one particle
of notice had been given to the Secretary of the
Treasury while they were preparing it. It would
be very strange if, after the majority of the com-^
mittee had adopted it, the Secretary should not
know it. But this report had been sprung upon
thecommittee as u had been sprung upon the House
and the country, and it was impossible to imagine
that the committee intended or designed anything
like such action when they appointed the sub-
committee; if &o, it was kept entirely secret from
the minority.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, inquired
whether, if this report were printed, it would not
give every gentleman an opportunity to examine
it, and answer it, ifthey saw fit to attempt it?
Whether the printing of the report would not be
better for the other side of the House ?
Mr. HALL replied, he thought it would not be
