800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 81.
better for his side of the House or the country that
this report should he first printed, and an ex parte.
statement be spread before the country. That was
not the way to do justice.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, resumed the floor.
He had been referring to the extent of the juris-
diction of the Committee on Public Expenditures,
"not for the purpose of conveying the impression
that he or any other member on his side of the
House desired the suppression of that report, but
for the purpose of showing that it was a piece of
the party machinery of the other side of the House,
and not intended to elucidate and bring forth the
facts of the case as they existed. The rule which
he had read defined the jurisdiction of the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures; and they saw, that
according to their own statement, the majority had
transcended their jurisdiction. The report of the
Secretary of the Treasury had not been referred
to them, but they, so eager to create party capi-
tal, had gone beyond the extent of their powers,
and grasped after the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and drawn it within the vortex
of their investigation. Let them go further, and
see. how this had been done. One would ima-
gine that the object of the report was to bring
forth facts connected with the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; but, instead of that, the fact
was admitted that the Secretary had not been ad-
vised of the investigation at all. If gentlemen
desired to know the truth, and publish to the world
•whether the Secretary of the Treasury had been
correct in bis statements, why had they not given
him the opportunity of being heard when they held
their sessions? Why bold their sessions in secret,
not only so far as the Secretary of the Treasury—
whose statements and allegations were under ex-
amination by them—was concerned, but why hold
them in secret, as far as their colleagues on the
committee were concerned ? It had neen stated
in this debate, that in preparing this ex parte state-
ment, which they had endeavored to force upon
the country involving interests of such magnitude,
they had not advised a part of the committee, as
well as the Secretary, of their proceedings.
Mr. STROHM (the floor being yielded) said he
was chairman of the sub-committee, and had taken
particular pains to inform the gentleman from Vir-
ginia of its meetings, and that he had promised to
attend, but had taken no notice of it, and never did
attend, and neither was he present when the whole
committee were called together.
Mr. BEDINGER could not suffer this statement
without notice to go forth to the world, and the
impression to be made, that he, as one of that sub-
committee, had had full notice of what was intend-
ed, and had refused to attend its meetings. He
said he knew nothing-of the sort. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania had notified him once or twice
that the committee (he did not say the sub-com-
mittee) would meet. He had never dreamed of
this committee appointing a sub-committee to con-
sider and spring on the House such a report as
that; and from such a committee as that to which
he was compelled to say he had been degraded
from the Committee on Military Affairs. He had
had no idea of it; and the gentleman knew very
well that half of the time they had not known in
what room they were to meet; they had not met
at first, because they could not find a room, then
because they could not get a quorum, and, finally,
when lie had despaired of meeting the sub-com-
mittee, the whole committee were astonished by
having this bundle of errors and false statements
hurled upon them. And when they asked ten
days to set the matter before the country correctly,
they were told that they had had time to prepare;
that he (Mr. Bedinger) was one of the sub-com-
mittee appointed to work such wonders. He had
his doubts whether any member of that commit-
tee had prepared the report; he thought he saw
upon it blundering marks which he could find else-
where. Certainly he could not be charged with
delinquency, with neglect of his duty in such a
case as this, when he had gone for days, and not
been able to find either the sub-committee or the
committee.
Mr. STROHM had no intention to misrepresent
the gentleman, neither could he submit to be mis-
represented by him. He proceeded to state more
minutely the facts relative to the meetings of the
committee, and said that it was only at the first
meeting that the gentleman from Virginia could
have had any difficulty in ascertaining: the place of
meeting; that he had more than once notified the
gentleman of the meeting of the sub-committee,
and he had as often failed to attend; that, after the
report was made to the committee, the chairman
notified the gentleman from Virginia, (or at least
said he did,) who had in like manner failed to
attend there also; that, after the report was adopt-
ed, it was given into the hands of the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] and subsequently to
Mr. Bedinger also, and this something like two
weeks since.
As to the authorship of the report, the House
could judge for itself when it was printed. As it
had been called in question, however, he might
state that no man had written one word or syllable
of it but himself. He had collected the materials
at the Treasury Department; he had told the offi-
cers there that he was about, as one of the sub-
committee, to examine the report of the Secretary
of theTreasury; that he believed it contained erro-
neous statements, and some which, upon a close
examination, would appear on its face.
He was asked how long since he had first gone
to the department. He could not say precisely,
but he believed more than two months since. He
had to examine the books, &c., and they had given
him every facility he had asked for.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, proceeded to
comment on the fact that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had given no notice to the Secretary of the
Treasury of the purpose of the majority of the
committee to prepare this report.
Mr. STROHM said, it had never occurred to
him that a committee or sub-committee of this
House was required, as a part of their duty, to
notify the Secretary of the Treasury of their in-
tention to enter upon an examination of a report
which the Secretary of the Treasury, in the dis-
charge of his duty, made to this House at the
commencement of the session. It would be recol-
lected, however, that some time after the Secretary's
report had been before the country, a communica-
tion was received from him apprising the House
that an error had been discovered to the amount of
nearly seven millions of dollars. Now, he would ;
ask the gentlemen opposite if that was not enough I
to call to that report the attention of not only the j
j Committee on Public Expenditures, but of eveiy j
, member of the House? It did arrest the attention j
I of the members of the House, and a gentleman !
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] made a speech j
upon it in pointing out other errors. The gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Rockwell] also made
a speech upon it, and the gentlemen opposite, the
particular and political friends of the Secretary of
the Treasury, promised to reply to those speeches;
but weeks and months had passed away, and no
reply had yet been made. Now, were not the
speeches of those gentlemen notifications to the
Secretary of the Treasury that his report was un-
dergoing an examination ? It was a subject that,
it would be admitted, ought to be inquired into;
and it seemed to him that the gentleman had no
right to complain that ample notice had not been
given. Why, notice was given: for he went him-
self to the department to make inquiries to aid him
in the investigation which he was making, and he
I never concealed his object.
| Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said that the gen-
j tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strohm] had con-
1 fessed, in the face of the House and of the country,
; that he had given the Secretary of the Treasury no
| opportunity to explain what the majority thought
to be discrepancies or errors. Then it must have
been his intention to obtain what he might call
facts in his own way, and through his own medi-
um. No one would deny but that statements, and
especially those which naturally and necessarily
pertain to a report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, are difficult of a proper understanding,
and particularly by those unacquainted with such
calculations and reports. Different men put dif-
ferent constructions upon the same sentence, un-
derstanding it to mean different things. He had
no doubt such was true in regard to the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury; yet, upon those
very points of doubt and misunderstanding on the
part of the committee, they have refused an ex-
planation from the author of the report; a man
whose pplitical reputation, if not his private char-
acter, was involved. He could see neither fair-
ness, justice, nor propriety in this; nor would any
fair-thinking man, fiee from party bias, approve
the course of the committee.
He asked gentlemen if they were willing to pub-
lish that which would injuriously affect the char-
acter of an officer or a citizen, without knowing
whether it is true—without giving the individual,
thus to be injured, an opportunity to explain.
If gentlemen desired nothing but fairness, why
did they desire to send forth an ex parte statement?
Why not agree to let the minority report be print-
ed, and form a part of the same document with
the majority report? If they believed in their own
report, they would not fear it—they would prefer
that the views of the minority should go with
theirs, side by side, giving to the country a fair
opportunity to examine and determine upon their
respective merits or demerits. Such were his no-
tions of justice and liberality.
It was not his purpose to defend the present
head of the Treasury Department because a Dem-
ocratic administration was in power. No such
thing. He would defend upon the same grounds
and under like circumstances any public function-
ary or any administration. If truth be the object,
let us have it; and to obtain it, let us adopt those
means best calculated to bring it forth. He ap-
pealed to gentlemen's sense of propriety and right.
He appealed to their love of justice and truth, and
asked whether the course pursued by the commit-
tee was open, frank, or manly? If the report was
a development of facts, and an exposure of error,
why not let the minority send their views with it?
He wanted this report published, and would regret
its suppression. The minority desire it made
public; they believe it abounds with mistakes and
errors. All they ask is an opportunity to exhibit
those errors.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, wished to
ask the gentleman from Alabama if he intended
to be understood as saying that it was^he duty of
a committee of this House to go to officers of this
Government or to other functionaries to get from
them a report to sustain a report which such officers
might have made to Congress?
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Some interlocutory'conversation followed, when
the debate was arrested by the expiration of the
morning hour.
CLERKS IN THE DEPARTMENTS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House pro-
ceeded to consider the special order, viz: the bill
regulating the appointment of clerks in the execu-
tive departments, and for other purposes.
The bill wa3 read.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON moved to amend
the bill by inserting two new sections, to come in
after section 1, providing for the apportionment of
the offices according to representation, and the ar-
rangement of the officers in four classes, one class
to be discharged every two years.
Mr. J. expressed high gratification on- finding
his distinguished friend from North Carolina [Mr.
McKay] standing up in that House, and reporting
a bill of the character of that which had now been
read. Mr. J. entirely approved of the first sec-
tion, and wished that his amendment should im-
mediately follow.
It would be objected by some gentlemen that
the amendment proceeded on the principle of the
offices of Government being considered as spoils,
to be equally divided. One thing was clear, that
the offices were essential to the carrying on of the
Government, and that for discharging the duties
of these the clerks received an emolument. Now,
if so, he could not see why a fair proportion of
these clerks should not be taken from the various
sections of the Union, and not all from one favored
locality, subjected to a particular influence. Such
an arrangement could not justly be charged with
being founded on the spoils principle. If all the
public offices should be divided among the several
Congressional districts throughout the country,
they would average some ten or twelve to each
district; and all men knew that in each district
there were far more than that number more than
competent to discharge the duties of all the offices.
If the possession of office was considered as con-
ferring any honor on those who held it, and if it
was productive of any profit to the occupant, why
not let these honors and profits be equally shared
among all the districts in the country? How had
the fact stood? Some particular portions of the
Union had enjcfyed a very large portion of all the
appointments to clerkships under the Government
—so much so, that it had with truth been said that
