THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1848.
New Series No. 51.
some particular Stares had for some time been pen-
sioned by the General Government. This had,
some time since, been especially true of Maryland
and Virginia, while Ohio and the other States of
the West had scarce a man in any of the depart-
ments here.
If efficient and able men were required to dis-
charge the duties required, why not seek them in
the Congressional districts generally, instead of
looking for them all from one or two States only ?
Why this partiality to one favored section of
country?
^ The principle of the amendment was clearly
right in itself. Adopt it, and what would be the
effect? How would it operate ? If the people of
the West came to understand that a bill had be-
come a law which required a distribution of Gov-
ernment offices throughout all the Congressional
districts, according to a fair proportion, and that
they were to have their share with the rest of the
Union, would not their ambition be awakened, and
would they not take pains to educate and qualify
their boys, so as to nt them for such a duty? It
would do immense good. They would find that
their sons stood a chance, at least, to be placed in
public office; and even if that hope should be dis-
appointed, the effort to prepare himself would have
done a young man no harm. Though he failed to
get an office at Washington, he might, perhaps,
obtain as good a situation elsewhere.
It was objected by some gentlemen, that Con-
gress could not control the Executive in his power
to make appointments; that they could not require
him to make an appointment from a particular
Congressional district—he must have the whole
Union to choose from. But did not gentlemen
remember that in the ten-regiment bill the Presi-
dent was required, in the appoinment of colonels,
to take them only from among the majors? Now,
if it was competent for Congress to restrain the
power of appointment, by restricting it to a par-
ticular^Iass of individuals, why not to a particular
Congressional district? Congress could as well
require the one condition as the other.
Mr. J. would imbody one idea still further,
would he not subject himself to the old charge of
ultra Democracy; yet he did believe he was a little
better Democrat than many who, when before the
people, professed to believe them all that was hon-
est and upright; but when they arrived at' head-
quarters, seemed quite to forget their constituents*
and could sneer at the very idea that the people
were always honest.
Mr. J. had been going further to insist, that in
making these appointments, there should always
be a fairproportion of Whigs as well as Democrats
among them.
He would inquire who it was that now ruled
this Government? and who was it that supported
the Government? Was it the farmers and the me-
chanics of the country who had the rule? Was it
the laboring, the producing class of our popula-
tion? Was it the farmers, who alone amounted
to between four and five millions? What interest
was felt in them ? What proportion had they in
the representation on that floor? and what in the
public offices ? Who was it, he again asked, who
ruled this country? Let any gentlemen go to our
State Legislatures and inquire into the professions
of the members who composed them, and he would
find that the legislators were confined almost en-
tirely to the lawyers. Now, Mr. J. said this in no
invidious spirit: he entertained no ill-will against
lawyers: he wished he was himself a good one;
but it was a fact that nearly all the members in
our State Legislatures were lawyers; it was they
who had the control of this Government. Now,
man was but man, and could any one who under-
stood man attempt to argue that men would not be
influenced in legislation by a view to subserve to
some extent their own interest?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, here inter-
posed to say, that in the Legislature of his State,
a large proportion of the members were farmers.
Mr. JOHNSON said he was gla<l to hear such a
favorable account of things in the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania. If a majority of her Legislature
51
consisted of farmers, the body was so much the
more likely to be sound and healthy. But taking
the State Legislatures together, he did not believe
the farmers were one to a thousand; and if the rep-
resentation of the lawyers of the country was com-
pared with the representation of the farmers, he
should not be surprised if it turned out to be almost
a million to one. At the last Congress he had fur-
nished himself with statistical tables which showed
this difference. Mr. J. was understood to say,
that he did not believe there were twenty laboring
men in all our Legislatures put together; the resi-
due were almost all lawyers. Mr. J. was stating
facts as they existed. And such being the fact, what
was the natural result? What could any man rea-
sonably expect? Would any one attempt to con-
vince him that the legislation of the country would
not be warped to some degree—he did not say de-
signedly, but where all were perfectly honest in
their intentions—so as to suit their own interests?
Mr. HUNT asked Mr. J. what he meant by a
" laboring man ?"
Mr. JOHNSON said, as the word was used in
common parlance, (it was true, that, in some sense,
a lawyer might be a laboring man;) it signified a
man who performed physical labor—a farmer or a
mechanic; me,n who earned their bread by the sweat
of their face, and not by fatiguing their ingenuity.
Mr. HUNT. Did the gentleman confine the
term to them ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at all; but he mentioned
mechanics and farmers, because they constituted
the basis of society, on which all the rest must
stand. Mr. J. had no objection to any man be-
cause he was a lawyer; but he stated the fact when
he said that lawyers ruled this Government, and
that they constituted the aristocracy in this coun-
try. It grew, in part, out of their reading and early
habits of thought. The young man who entered
a lawyer's-office was set to reading Blackstone and
Kent's Commentaries; he came soon, and, in the
first place, to understand the form of the British
Government much better than he did our own; and
he came to believe it to be the best in the world.
He learned this before he understood the Constitu-
tion of his own country. Young men who passed
through an academic course and a regular collegi-
ate education, a^d then went to reading English
law books, might, indeed, talk about Democracy,
but it was all mere theory; it was talk, and talk
only. They had no sympathy with the man in
the workshop or the field. [Here Mr. J., address-
ing the other side of the House, turned quite round, ]
and became inaudible to the reporter.] j
Mr. HUNT called Mr. J. to order for irrele- ;
vancy—he was not speaking to the bill. j
The CHAIR observed'he was not able to per- j
ceive the connection of thegentleman's last remarks j
with the subject before the House. * j
Mr. JOHNSON said it was very hard sometimes ;
to see what was not to be seen. He supposed the
gentleman's point of order was a mere quibble.
Men who found themselves in a tight place were
very apt to raise questions of order. Mr. J. did
not profess to know much about special pleading.
Mr. HUNT made a reply, but in the confusion
of the House it was not distinctly heard.
Mr. JOHNSON said he had been going on to
speak of things as they ought to be, and of such a i
state of things as hi3 amendment was calculated j
to bring about, and his remarks were relevant. •
His amendment proposed that a fair proportion of !
the public offices should be distributed to each dis- j
trict, and a fair proportion of the clerks appointed |
should be taken from the class of farmers and i
mechanics. Now, if it was not in order, while ad- I
vocating such an amendment to show that these ;
classes had had great injustice done to them, the '
discovery must be made by a mind much brighter
than ordinary. |
But here Mr. J. wanted to read a letter. There I
had been many attempts made to flatter him by i
letters and otherwise; and he had had to set his •
face against them; but this letter had not been writ-
ten by a lawyer. When he received flattery from
a man who subscribed himself as did the writer of
this letter; when it came from men who wielded
the scissors or the plough, he confessed that even
flattery from* such men was most dear to him; and
this was the more especially so, as coming from a
part of the country which he had expected to be
opposed to him. The letter he would send to the
Clerk's table came from a farmer of the old Bay
State.
It was read as follows :
Bromfiei,t> Farm,
Harvard, Worcester Co., Ma.??.. Jlpril 19, 184S.
Resprctrd Sir: Receive a farmer'V thanks for your
prompt attention to the request I took the liberty of address-
ing to you through Mr. Palfrey. I have read your resolutions,
sir, with very gieat satisfaction. As one o? the farmeis of
Worcester county, although approving highly of The justice of
the high-toned republican pnnciple winch breathes through
them aU, yet in the name of my fellows of the plough a.ld
sickle, do I express my gratitude for "the due regard that
should be had to the farmers and mechanics of our country,"
as expiessed in your hist resolve but one. I shake your
hand heaitilyfor these resolutions, and accept the "%ompli-
ments" you did me the honor personally to offer to myself.
(i Ayes 87 to 39" for laying on the table ! Do these 87 lefleot
for a moment that were it not for the producerand mechanic
they would themselves be laid, not indeed on or under the
table, but on or under the sod, with or without a coffin ? Do
the 87 know, sir, or knowing do they heed, that the body for
which you act is the decided majority of their constituents ?
Do they theorize only, or do they feel, when speaking of
the sovereignty of the people, that of this mass every culti-
vator of Gort'.s beautiful earth is a kins—ay, " every inch a
king?" Do they not consider that our minds, in the free
I country, arc not reflected by the venal, servile party pieces
> of our cities, those imposthumess on our body politic ? No, sir;
| we ploughmen of Massachusetts, as well a? your cotton plant-
j j ers of Tennessee—we o{ the interior—feel that these 87 mi«-
II repiesent us. They despise the God-ordained{c sweat." and
j' turn away their ari-tocratic noses from our barn odors, and
;! hands redolent of tobacco 1 They forget \\e can read, surely;
that we, their soveieign, gave them a chart to steei by—a
Constitution : a polar star, too, to direct their compass by—.
Liberty! They forget that their President we look upon
merely as our head-waiter, to whose office we give the most
money, because we expect the most intelligent work from
our chief servant! Ah, sir, revolutions need not be confined
to France, nor to sunny Italy. You need one, many of us
think who sec Bunker Hill monument, here. Yes, we cis-
Atlantic paper freemen need one. The thrice-broken Con-
stitution, by our chief servant, has more matter in it than
threepence a pound on tea for revolution.
Excuse a plain farmer, respected Mr, Johnson^ but let the
87 beware of trampling down in the dust the spirit of"lib-
erty, equality, and fraternity," which we drink in at our
ploughs, fre*h from the air of God's heaven, whether we
drive the ox, or, as you, the horse, in our teams.
Again we shake your hand, fnend of the farmer; and un-
like Virgil's " foitunatos agncolas," we know ourowngood,
and are happy to find (as we aie without, it appeals, in
Massachusetts) a Maecenas ftom the State of the Cumber-
land Mountains.
Honored"sir, should you move acain in this matter, will
you do me the favor to remember your new friend of Mas-
sachusetts, and send him, as a citizen of the United Slates,
your fpeech or other effort on Mich occasion r
With affectionate respect, I am, sir, a Harvard farmer,
and your obedient servant,
HENRY DltOMFIELD PEARSON.
Hon. A. Johnson.
That (said Mr. J.) was one of not a few letters
he had received on this subject. He had intro-
duced the principles on which his present amend-
ment was founded at the last Congress, and again
at the present session. He had received, in con-
sequence, many letters from that class of the
community, and others connected with it more or
less nearly. To receive flattery from such men,
encouraged him to pressforward, and with untiring
zeal to urge upon Congress the adoption of all
suitable measures to advance their interests.
It was from the labor of these men that all we
possessed was derived; and so long as he had
breath to speak, and continued to be honored with
a seat on that floor, he should continue to act as
their humble advocate. He was aware, that as a
class of men, they might not understand or appre-
ciate fine-spun theories; but when it came to action
on the great principles of Democracy, they did
i understand them well, and they would act rightly.
j Though Mr. J.'s attempts had again and again been
j given the go-by, yet he should proceed on the
maxim of a great man, who has said, " Reiterate—
j reiterate—reiterate!" and as long as he should be
! able to lisp these principles of Democratic action,
: so long should he be found reiterating and reiter-
i atina: them here. , , 4 4 , .
' There was one other thing that ought to be m
this bill If the amendment he had ottered should
be adopted, he was convinced it would do good.
It incorporated into this bill for the appointment
