1848.
THE CONGRESSIONA'L OLOBE.
«©3
Mr. JOHNSON thought his colleague was mis-
taken. .
Mr. STANTON said his colleague knew, of
course, what he had said; but he certainly had
heard him make long speeches in which the clerks
had figurSd very largely.
Mr. JOHNSON explained, that some time since
he had made a speech on the subject of clerks gen-
erally, and had said something about some of them;
but as to denouncing the clerks in the general,
broad sense, he Had not, nor did his speech as re-
ported represent him so. He had spoken of some
of them, but had not denounced them as a class,
without limit or qualification, for failure to dis-
charge their duty.
M r. STANTON was very glad to hear the ex-
planation of his colleague. But he was sure that
the gentleman had considered that there was great
remissness on the part of many of the clerks, if
not all; that they did not work a great many hours
during the day, and that they ought to lie made to
perform service for a longer time. Nx>w, he knew
from intercourse with the departments, that when-
ever it was necessary, the clerks were required
to work seven, eight, and sometimes ten and
twelve hours during the day; and he believed all
that was necessary would be attained by holding
the heads of the Executive departments, and the
President himself, to the responsibility to which
they were always held—he meant, to public opin-
ion; for he was most sure, that if'any single indi-
vidual, in any single department, should be found
indolent, or fail to perform his duties, the repre-
sentation of the fact to the head of the department,
or the President, would secure his dismissal at
once.
The amendment of his colleague seemed to be
based upon the idea that these appointments were
for the benefit of the individuals appointed—to af-
ford them a support. ■ This was not his idea. He
thought these places were created for the public
service, for the public good, and that the public
good was the only thing that ought to be consulted.
It was not whether this or that man should be
provided with a living, but whether be was capa-
ble of performing the public service of the situation
to which he aspired. He thought this clearly the
proper view, and that it plainly showed the im-
propriety of his colleague's proposition, that, at a
particular period, a man who had become accus-
tomed to do the duties of a particular office should
be turned out, and an inexperienced person put in.
He was opposed to that system; he believed it to
be wrong, and injurious to^the best interests of the
country.
Mr. JOHNSON asked ifhe was to understand
his colleague to be opposed to giving a fair propor-
tion of those offices to the citizens of his Congres-
sional district?
Mr. STANTON replied, that he certainly would
be glad that every man in his district who desired
an office should have one, and whenever he came
to him and was qualified, he would always recom-
mend them to the President, who was the appoint-
ing power. But they had no right, under the Con-
stitution, to control the President in these matters.
The Constitution said:
"The President shall nominate, and, by nml with the
advice and consent ofiheSenate.shallappotnUmb-issadors,
other public mmisteis and consuls, utdtte^ of the Supieme
Court, and all other officers of the United States whoe ap-
pointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which
should lie established by law. Jlutthe Congress may, liy law,
vest the appointment of such inferior officer^ a* tliey think
proper, 111 the President alone, an the courts of law, or ill
the heads of departments."
Congress could not control this discretion given
by the Constitution itself; they could not circum-
scribe the discretion of the President in making
these appointments. They could not say he
should appoint a man from a particular district.
If he had the disposition to do so, he might appoint
them all from the District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHNSON desired to ask his colleague
where Congress derived the power, in the tcn-regi-
menthill, to confine the President in appointing
colonels and majors of the army, and midshipmen?
and also, to provide lhat cadets should be distribu-
ted among all the Congressional districts, which
involved the same principle'
Mr. STANTON apprehended, if the subject
were examined properly, such a provision would
be found to be invalid; if they were officers within
the meaning of this section of the Constitution, it
was altogether invalid, and the proper tribunal
I would so determine. The President might respect
, the will of Congress thus expressed, but would
not constitutionally be bound by it.
Mr. NICOLL replied to the constitutional ob-
jections of Mr. Stanton. Without referring to
officers appointed -by the President, it was suffi-
cient for him to say that these officers were ap-
pointed only by the heads of departments; now,
the gentleman from Tennessee knew that Congress
was authorized to vest the appointment of certain
officers with heads of departments, and he sub-
mitted with some confidence, whether, in vesting
in them these appointments, they could not pre-
scribe certain limitations? If so, the whole con*
stitutional objection was done away with.
Mr. STANTON inquired if it would be compe-
tent for the Congress of the United States to pro-
vide that in every district of the United States
there should be elections for officers, and that ap-
pointments should be made of them by the heads
of departments?
Mr. NICOLL replied that that was a very dif-
ferent question. He merely contended, that as
Congress had the power under the Constitution to
vest certain appointments in the heads of depart-
ments, they had the right to say under what lim-
itations and restrictions that power should be
exercised. If so, all constitutional objection fell
to the ground.
Probably no bill had come up for a long period
in so unobtrusive a manner, which, if carried out,
would be productive of as much benefit to the
public service. He agreed with the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] that these offices
were for securing the performance, of the public
service, not for the benefit of political partisans;
therefore, it behooved them, by every means in
their power, to give efficiency to this branch of the
public service. Now, when they recollected that
!j there were more than 500 offices within the gift
of the'Government in this city—(a gentleman near
him stated there were about 800; it might be so)—
any one could see at a glance that it would be im-
possible for the President and heads of depart-
ments—the Secretary of the Treasury, with his
300 clerks in his department—with all the multitu-
dinous cares of office upon them, to make their
appointments in ail cases such as w'ould best pro-
mote the public service; and when they recollected
the mighty press thatalways had been and always
would be made upon the Executive as a reward
for political services; when they recollected the
numerous applications for aid made to gentlemen
on this side of the House, and, in the course of
events, gentlemen on the other side might be called
to undergo the same applications; when they rec-
ollected this, he should think that everyone would
gladly avail himself of the means of escaping from
this great labor. This bill provided that all can-
didates for appointments in the bureaus should be
examined by a competent board to examine their
fitness. From the statement of this proposition,
it was difficult to see how anybody could object to
it, if the board should be properly constituted, and
he had no doubt it would be, of so important a
character would' be its duties. The bill went one
step further, and said lhat merit should be the test
of office. Now, carry out these two principles,
and we had a system which would materially im-
prove the state of the departments. No doubt
there were now a great many efficient clerks, but
all gentlemen would admit, that in many instances
there were inefficient men in the departments.
They proposed by this bill to establish a system
now and hereafter of regulating appointments,
which would relieve the Government from great
embarrassments, and heads of departments and
members of Congress front the press of applicants
on account of political services, and secure appoint-
ments upon merit.
Mr. POLLOCK glanced at the constitutional
question, and considered that they were cleaily
authorized to make the proposed limitations upon
the appointments. He vindicated the bill as de-
signed to do away with the revolting system of
" to the victors belong the spoils," and to make
the test of appointment honesty and capability.
Here were some 800 individuals employed in the
various departments at the seat of Government,
constantly receiving pay from the treasury; and
unless he was greatly misinformed by those who
knew, one-fourth or one-third of them were utterly
incompetent for their duties, arid had been placed
there because they were zealous partisans.
He recited and defended the provisions of fhe
hill, and opposed the amendment of Mr. Johnsou.
He considered the appointment of a young- man of
talent to an tiffice in, this city, as a death-blow- to
his future prospects. It. required more integrity,
more sterling principle, to resist the temptations of
this city, than they often found in young men who
were applicants for office, and by remaining in
office for a while, he argued that they were entirely
unfitted for any independent business. He cared
not for any limitations as to the localities from
which the officers were selected, provided they
were honest, capable, and faithful, as this bill re-
qu i red.
.Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, concurred in the
general views of gentlemen who had ad vo,cated the
bill. He did not doubt but'the public offices in
this city were in many instances filled by incom-
petent persons, and he believed that some such
provision as was proposed by this bill should be
established by law. The constitutional objection
of the gentleman from Tennessee did not in his
opinion apply to this case.
He proceeded to condemn the amendment of
Mr. Johnson, as based upon the spoils principle,
calculated to make the scramble more general, as
directly inviting thereto every Congressional dis-
trict in the Union, and as entirely inconsistent with
the principles of the bill, which made merit, to be
ascertained by the thorough examination of a board,
the test, while the requisite qualification under the
amendment would be geographical location.
Mr. JOHNSON explained and urged the com-
patibility of his amendment with the bill, and that
if it were adopted, its only effect would be to re-
quire the test to be applied to applicants from par-
ticular sections.
Mr. HOUSTON was aware there was such a
distinction to be made; butjiow did the gentleman
reconcile it with the qualification test? If they were
to be.taken from the several districts under all cir-
cumstances, the qualification test could not be
applied.
Mr. JOHNSON replied, that if, on examination,
an individual who came from a district was found
incompetent, of course he would not be appointed.
Mr. HOUSTON said, the proposition in this
bill was, that those should be appointed who were
found to be the best qualified by the board of ex-
aminers, without any restriction as to districts, and
of its general principles he approved; and he hoped
it would be passed without the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee. The test should be
proper qualifications for the office-—qualifications
both intellectual and moral, which would be the
best guarantee for the faithful discharge of the -
duties of the office. It had been proposed that the
appointments should be made on the nomination
of the members of Congress; but to this he was
opposed, inasmuch as it would be to transfer the
appointing power to members of this House.
Mr. CABELL thought there had been debate
enough on this bill, and therefore he called for the
previous question, which was sustained by the
House; and, under its operation, the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland was rejected.
Mr. A. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment, and they were ordered on a
division by tellers.
Mr. CUMMINS called for a division, and the
vote was taken on the first branch of the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays being taken, they resulted
thus: yeas 64, nays 90; so the first part of the
amendment was rejected.
The second branch of the amendment was then
withdrawn by Mr. JOHNSON, as it was depend-
ent on the first part, which had been rejected.
Several verba! amendments were made on the
motion of Mr. VINTON and Mr. HUDSON, to
the first and second sections.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
was read a third time and passe,d. _
Mr. McKAY moved a reconsideration ot _tne
vote on the passage of the bill; and, on his motion,
i that motion was laid on the table.
OREGON.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a mil to provide for sup-
pressing Indian hostilities in the Territoi y of Ore-
g;on, and for other purposes. . . .  
s The bill was twice read, and, after inquiry by
Messrs. THOMPSON, ot Pa., J. R. INGER-
