1348-
1ME- C0NG^E$SI0MAk -&L0$B.>
807
notity leave to report, and to print the two reports
fegether. ["Oh, no."] Why, not? Wliat reason
Ifad the gentlemen opposite for refusing to allow
the two reports to go to the country together? He
called upon gentlemen to give a good reason. [." It
wijl occasion delay."] Not-at all. The printer
had already more, work in. hand than he could
execute for the next tvv.o months. He had the
Patent Office report,"which had been ordered to
, be printed' a,month.ago, and the correspondence of
Generals Taylor and Scott with the War Depart-
ment, which would take up all the printer's time
prior to the end- of the session. He apprehended
they would not get that correspondence at all be-
fore Congress would adjourn. He was not de-
sirous to keep this report from being printed. He
should be glad to see it in print, but he desiredjhe
majority and the minority reports to go together.
To relieve all parties from difficulty, he would be
willing to see these resolutions adopted, and then
let the House agree-to give the minority of the
committee leave to report, and to have the two
reports printed, together, so that every man who
got the poison would at the same time receive the
antidote.
Mr. ASHMUN could rtot see the force of the
argument of the gentleman from Georgia. The
House was in possession of a report from the
Committee on Public Expenditures. There was
no other report.
Mr. COBB. There .will be one.
Mr. ASHMUN. There might be another, and
there might not. They had now a report in the
usual form and manner, and the proposition to
print it wi!s a regular proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON*, of Alabama, suggested a de-
lay in the printing for a period not to exceed ten
days, in which time the minority of the commit-
tee could be prepared with a report.
Mr. ASHMUN saw nothing to induce him to
consent to such an arrangement. This report
might be delayed for ten days, and even then there
might be no minority report. He never heard of
such a proposition before. It seemed to him that
the only course was to print the report as it stood,
and if the gentlemen on the other side of the House
saw fit to bring in a minority report, they could
have that printed when it came'in. If, however,
it was going to take such a length of time as gen-
tlemen seemed to apprehend to print this report,_
why did the gentlemen longer object? If the mi-'
nority report could be prepared in ten days, and
the majority report could not be printed in six
weeks, what was there to prevent the two reports
going out together? He wished now to make an
inquiry of the Chair. If the motion to lay the
resolutions on the table should prevail, would a
motion to print then be in order?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. ASHMUN, then, would move to lay the
resolutions on the table, with a view to move that
the report be printed.
Mr. BARRINGER. Why not let the resolu-
tions be adopted, and then move to print?
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, made a like
suggestion.
Mr. ASHMUN, to gratify his friends, would
withdraw his motion to lay on the table, and move
the* previous question. *
Some conversation ihen ensued between the
Speaker, Mr. Thompson of Pennsylvania,
Mr. McLANE, and Mr. McCLERNAND.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion, 75 voted in the affirmative, and 90 in the
negative; there was therefore no second.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said, he desired to move
an amendment to the last resolution; but if the
House was prepared to take the vote on the motion
to recommit, he would not submit his amendment.
Some explanatory conversation ensued between
Mr. COBB and the SPEAKER.
Mr. COBB then moved that the consideration
of the motion to print be postponed fortwo weeks.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, could see no
reaj objection to the printing of this report at once,
and he would be equally.as willing to print the
minority report when it should come in. But he
could not consent to the motion to postpone the
consideration of the motion to print, for the result
might be that they should get no minority report
at all.
Mr. COBB suggested that a limit could be fixed,
beyond which there should be no delay in the
printipg of the majority report.
Mr. ROCKWELL would state, that when the
Secretary of the Treasury, made his report origi-
nally, it contained an error of nearly seven, mil-
lions of dollars in the statement of the accounts
for the first quarter of the fiscal year.
The SPEAKER interposed, and apprized the
gentleman that he was not in order in going into
that statement at this time.
■ Mr. ROCKWELL was aware of it, but he did
not propose to occupy five minutes of the time of
the House. He then continued. Subsequently,
about the 1st of March, he (Mr. R.) pointed out
a variety of errors in the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Some few days after, it was
stated in the official paper, the "Union," that on
the next day there would be published an official
statement and explanation of those errors. That
was three months since, and as yet no such state-
ment had appeared, nor had any explanation been
given except as to an item of $1,401,900, all the
rest being denied. In a speech made subsequent
to the one to which he had here alluded, he pointed
out more m detail those errors, which he had re-
duced down to the following summary:
" The discrepancies shown by bringing down the statement
to the 1st December, 1847, in relation l.o these treasury notes
issued under the two acts of 184t> and 1847, are us fol-
lows :
"As to the amount of stoek issued under the act of Jtfly,
1846, the report of the Secretary and the statement of the
committee differ *5115,000.
"As to the stock issued under the act of January 28,1847,
$1,050,452.
"As to the notes outstanding, under the act of 1846, the
diffeience is$178,150; and,undei the actof]847,$1,437,400.
"As to the ainountof notes audloan available at the treas-
ury, December 1, J847, under the'act of 1846, $993,350; and,
under the act of 1847, $386,950."
These differences and discrepancies, then, he
had heretofore pointed out; andjn addition to all
that 
The SPEAKER again interposed to remind the
gentleman that he was ntit in order.
Mr. ROCKWELL, then, would say only ano-
ther word. There was no necessity to postpone
the printing of this report, for the minority of the
committee had had ample opportunity to make a
report. He held in his hand a resolution adopted
by that committee for the appointment of the sub-
committee, of wFiich the gentleman "from Virginia
[Mr. Bedinger] was a member, which he would
read.
Mr. McCLELLAND objected to the gentle-
man reading any resolution or making any state-
ment of what had-been done in that committee.
Such a course was in conflict with parliamentary
law and usage.
Mr. ROCKWELL replied that all the debate
hitherto had been respecting what had been done
in committee or in the sub-committee. On the one
side it was stated that certain things had been done
in committee three months ago, and on the other
side all this was denied, and he desired to show
what the action of the committee really was on a
point so much controverted, and he could not do
this better than by reading the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That a sub-committee, to consist of three mem-
bers, be appointed to investigate the statements contained
in the "letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting his annual report on the state of the finances," with
the view of ascertaining the accuracy of said statements.
And also to examine the said statements, with the view of
having them submitted in a more simple and direct foim,
so as to exhibit with perspicuity and precision the actual con-
dition of the finances at the termination of each fiscal year;
said committee to report the result of their investigations
to the Committee on Public Expenditures as soon as con-
venient.
Mr. McCLELLAND insisted that the gentle-
man was out of order.
Mn ROCKWELL would not then proceed fur-
ther.
Mr. BARRINGER said that the motion made
by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] was
equivalent to that made yesterday by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bedinger.] The object
in view was unusual not only, but unparliament-
ary, and indeed the whole proceedings seemed to
him to be very extraordinary. In the first place,
the right of the minority to present a counter re-
port was a thing unknown to any parliamentary
rule; it was no right; it waif a mere permission
accorded by the courtesy of the House. True, it
was a liberty which had never, he believed, been
refused; but it had been the universal practice to
present the report of the minority at the same time
with that of the majority of a committee; but if,
owing, to particular: circumstances, a*, member of
the minority was unprepared to give in his report
at the time, he so stated to, the House, and-gave
notice that when he should, present his report, h?
should at the same.time move to have it printed.
But who ever heard of detaining the:, printing, of
a report made to the House because some other
paper, in opposition to it was to be presented at
some future time? It was certainly a most extraor-
dinary proceeding, to ask to postpone the print-
ing of a document which was before the House, in
order to print one which was not, and which might
never be.
But the postponement was, urged on another
ground: that was, that these gentlemen of the mi-
nority in "the committee might have time to get
further facts from the Secretary of the Treasury.
A most dangerous doctrine had here been assumed;
viz: that when a standing committee, one of the
regular organs of the House, was about to make a re-
port on an official document received from one of the
Executive departments, the committee were bound
to notify the head of that department beforehand.
The report of the Secretary was a public expose
of the state of the finances which his duty required
him to present before Congress and before the
world; and a Committee on Public Expenditures-
was appointed, whose duty it was to examine it.
Was that committee under any conceivable obli-
gation to go to the Secretary and inform him that
they were going, to scrutinize his report? Surely
not. Mr. ~B. trusted that the motion to postpone
would not prevail. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bedinger] wished to present a minority-,
report, let him do so; and when he brought it in,
Mr. B. would cheerfully vote to have it print-
ed.
Mr. McCLERNAND thought that the proposal
to postpone the printing of the report of the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures to a day certain
ought to prevail, and that for several reasons; and-
one was found in the extraordinary circumstances
in which the report had been made. The Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures had transcended
their authority in making it, and had usurped-
jurisdiction over a subject which did not belong,
to them; and yet when the report came in, gentler'
men on that side the House were found uniting to
print it instantly, without admitting a minority of-
the committee to present a counter statement exr
posing the errors, contained in the report. What
was it which had been asked by the gentleman,
from Virginia, [Mr. Bedinger?] Anything un-
reasonable? Anything unusual? Anything to the
prejudice of the country? Not at all. All he,
asked was, that both sides might be heard; all he
sought was, to give the people light. Let them
have light, and they would always pronounce cor-
rectly. This was a tyrannical attempt of the
majority to gag their opponents, who were in a
minority, and keep out information from the minds
of the people. And though a minority of the
committee had stated here, in their places, that the
report took them completely by surprise, yet the-
majority refused to wait and allow them time to
prepare a counter statement correcting the errors
of that document.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Bar-
ringer] thought it a most extraordinary thing that
a minority should complain of this, and should ask
for more time.
Mr. BARRINGER said the gentleman totally
misunderstood him. What he complainetj of as
most extraordinary, and as dangerous as it was
unheard-of, was the doctrine that a committee of
Congress must notify the head of a department
before proceeding to examine and detect errors in-
one of his public communications to Congress.
That was the doctrine which had been insisted on.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bedinger] had
stated it as a wonderful thing that the Committee
oil Expenditures should have been examining the
Secretary's report, and yet the Secretary all the-
while knew nothing about the matter!
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said the gentle-
man from North Carolina had misapprehended
him, if he supposed him to maintain any such
doctrine. What he complained of was, not that
the Secretary of the Treasury had received no
notice of what the committee were doing, but that,
when errors or discrepancies were discovered in a
public document, which went to injure the leputa-
tion of a public officer both as a statesman and as
a man, no notice should have been given him, that
