808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he might have an opportunity to explain, if he
Mr, flicCLERNAND resumed. The doctrine
of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
was, that where an assault was made on a gentle-
man high in office which implicated his skill,
statesmanship, and private and personal reputa-
tion, the accused should always be afforded an op-
portunity to explain; and in that position Mr.
McC. entirely coincided. The Secretary of the
Treasury had been publicly arraigned in a report
suddenly sprung upon a committee of the House.
Justice demanded .that the printing of the report so
arraigning him should be deferred till a counter
. report was ready, so that both might go out to the
country together.
Mr. BARRINGER replied that the Secretary
had had sixteen days to explain, and he had sent
in one document in the way of explanation al-
ready.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, said that
the Secretary had had two months to explain.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he had not had an
opportunity to examine, and scarcely to read, the
report; very few members of the House had yet
seen it. How could he have had two months to
explain ?
Mr. BARRINGER inquired whether the gentle-
man from Illinois wished the Secretary of the
Treasury to answer the report of the Committee
on Expenditures.' Was that the duty of the Sec-
retary ?
Mr. McCLERNAND said he had no such de-
sire.
Here Mr. VINTON, observing that the morn-
ing hour had expired, moved that the House go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; which was agreed to.
The House accordingly went into Committee of
the Whole on the state of theUnion, (Mr. Thomp-
son, of Indiana, in the chair,) and took up the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. VINTON made a brief explanation of the
bill. The estimates, as originally sent in, weje a
fraction under $11,000,000, and the Committee of
Ways and Means had ascertained from the Sec-
retary of the Navy that he would have about
#1,000,000 remaining in the treasury at the end of
the year. They had applied to him to ascertain
if these estimates could not be reduced, and, on
an interview with the Secretary, he had expressed
the opinion that they could be reduced one and a
half million. The estimates originally sent in
were based on the supposition that ten thousand
men of all descriptions would be employed in the
navy during the next fiscal year. The estimates
now sentin, and reduced one and a half million
were based on the supposition that 8,500 instead
of 10,000 men would be employed. As a matter
of course, the estimates for some items could not
be reduced. The Committee of Ways and Means
believed that a sub-committee could better judge
from what items this reduction should be taken;
they accordingly appointed the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. McKay] a sub-committee, to
sit-with the Secretary of the Navy, for the purpose
of making a full revision of his estimates, as they
had full confidence that he would bring the Secre-
tary down [a laugh] to the lowest possible point.
Such was the bill, reduced a million and a half
from the original estimates.
Since the bill was reported other estimates had
been sent in, which had given rise to certain amend-
ments, which he was instructed by the Committee
of Ways and Means to report, and which he
should move at the proper time. One was an esti-
mate for the appropriations that would be neces-
sary to meet the expenditures under the law of last
session; which provided for carrying the mail of
the United States by war-steamers between New
York and Liverpool, which was one line; another
was for the same service from New York, by the
way of New Orleans, to Chagres, another line; a
third was for the same transmission between Pan-
ama and the Territory of Oregon. The steamers
on these various lines, which were ordered by the
law of last session, were all in the course of con-
struction; and the Committee of Ways and Means
since this bill was reported, had d irected an amend-
ment to be moved, for the purpose of making pro-
vision for this service.
Mr. PETTIT interposed, and slid he had un-
derstood the gentleman from Ohio to say that the
June I,
estimates in this bill were principally based on | reservations under the treaty of 1832 remaining
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy; || unsold or undisposed of. Laid on the table, and
he wished, then, to ask particularly whether the, j ordered to be printed
Secretary of the Navy had recommended the ap-'
propriation at the navy-yard3 at Portsmouth, New |
York, Philadelphia, Washington, and Norfolk, for ;
dredging machines to clear out the channels and 1
make improvements?
Mr. VINTON replied that there was nothing in
the estimates for these various objects, except such
as was recommended by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. PETTIT was glad to know that there was
one gentleman in the Administration that concluded
that the Government could clear out and improve
rivers and harbors.
Mr. VINTON further said, that while there was
nothing in the bill about which the gentleman from
Indiana inquired which was not recommended by
the Secretary of the Navy, it was proper to say
that the estimates for these various navy-yards had
been considerably cut down; that the provision in
the bill was not as large as the original estimates.
But there was nothing here which was not origi-
nally estimated for.
Mr. PETTIT. That is all I wished to know.
Mr. VINTON proceeded further to say, that
the Committee of Ways and Means had also di-
rected him to move an amendment for the purchase
of ground for the enlargement of the, navy-yard at
New York—an item of near $300,000. In a word,
the amendments which he had been directed to
move by the Committee of Ways and Means, to
provide for the various objects which had come to
the attention of the committee since they had re-
ported the bill, amounted to something over one
million of dollars; and the principal purpose for
which he had desired the floor at this time was
respectfully to ask*that the committee would per- '
mit the Committee of Ways and Means to offer !
these various amendments, and dispose of them
before the debate was opened on the bill at large,
for the reason that important amendments, appro-
priating large sums of money, required some eluci-
dation, and could not be satisfactorily explained
within the few minutes allowed after the debate
was closed. He concluded by offering an amend-
ment, to insert, between the first and second items,
the following:
For the pay of the Superintendent of the Naval Observ-
atory at Washington city, who shall be a captain, com-
mander, or lieutenant in Ihe navy, three thousand dollars,
REPAYMENT OP EXPENSES TO VOLUNTEERS.
The House then took up the bill to refund money
for expenses incurred, subsistence or transport-
| otion furnished, for the use of volunteers during
I the present war, before being mustered and re-
] ceived into the service of the United States, which
; had been returned from the Senate with an amend-
i ment.
! The amendment was read and concurred in, and
I the bill stands passed.
| On motion of Mr. POLLOCK, the petition of
' Captain Alexander McEwen was referred to the
i Committee on Invalid Pensions.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of William Wmnbaugh
and 379 others, citizens of Steuben county, New York, for
the passage of a law making newspapers free for thirty miles,
and for a uniform rate of postage on letters. Also, the pe-
tition ot' Morris Brown and 101 others, citizens of Steuben
county, New York, for the passage of a Jaw making news-
papers free for thirty miles, and a uniform rate of postage
on letters.
By Mr. HUMT: The petition of 140 citizens of Geneva,
New York, for a reduced and uniform rate of postage.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The memorial of a large
number of citizens of Madison county, Illinois, praying
Congress to lay out and e&tablish a post road for the trans-
portation of the mail between the cities of New York and
Philadelphia, to be under the control of the Government.
Also, the petition of Charles Hilibs, a messenger in the Pen-
sion Other, praying an increase of salary.
which
And the provision in the" act entitled "An net making ap-
propriation for the naval service for the year endin« the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and forty-
eight," which is m these words, v«: "including three
thousand dollar* for pay of the Superintendent, who shall
be either a captain, commander, or lieutenant in the riavy,"
!.hall be. construed to apply to the Superintendent of said
Naval Observatory, and shall take effect from and after the
passage of that act.
He explained that the sole object of this amend-
ment was to correct the la w of last Congress, which
intended to give the Superintendent of the Observ-
atory the salary named; but the lawgiving it to
" the Superintendent," the department had refused
to pay it. This amendment, therefore, only did
what the original law intended to accomplish.
Mr. RPIETT next obtained the door, and occu-
pied an hour in the delivery of a speech in support
of the rights of the people of the southern States
to remove to any of the territories of the United
States, and take with them their property of every
description. [This speech will appear in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. VENABLE followed in an argument on
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 1, 1848.
The Secretary called the Senate to order at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. BENTON moved that in the temporary
absence of the Vice President, the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] who had before been
the choice of the body, be appointed President of
the Senate pro tem.
The motion was unanimously agreed to, and
Messrs. Mavgijm and Sturgeon escorted Mr,
Atchison to the chair.
Mr. ATCHISON, on assuming the chair, re-
II I- iiav;, uuee t'lUUMIIU miliars, ,   ~• j mv VIICWI , IC"
shall be the salary per annum of said Superintendent. :! turned thanks, sincere thanks, for the distinguished
le provision in the act entitled "An net making >m. i,„,i  : ^ i ... v-
honor which had been again conferred on him by
this appointment. He was not vain enough to
j! attribute this proof of- the generous confidence of
j the Senate to any peculiar qualifications for this
jj dignified station; but, however defective he might
be in that knowledge and experience so desirable
11 for a satisfactory fulfillment of the duties of the
ii Chair, he might at least pledge himself, as he did,
11 to discharge them faithfully and impartially,
ji On motion of Mr. BENTON,
i Ordered, That the Secretary wait on the President of the
11 United States, and inform hiui that the Senate, m the ab-
ii sence of the Vice President, have chosen the Hon. David
j, R. Atchison President of the Senate pro tempore; and that
j, lie make a similar communication to Che Hou&e of fieore-
11 sentatives.
i j Mr. ALLEN presented various resolutions from
11 the Legislature of Ohio, touching the reduction of
i the price of public lands adjacent to the Wabash
j and Erie canals; declaring that so much of the
| ordinance of 1787 as relates to slavery ought to be
I extended to any territory that may be acquired from
| Mexico; reduction in the rates of postage; declaring
i tn Wo nMtkivi  i   /  *-  v3
the general subject of the power of Congress over 'I U ,0 be within Ihe constitutional power of the Fed'^
stawrv in ii.. TT.I.: , , eral Government to construct*harbors and improve
rivers, and condemning the veto by the President
ot the bill making appropriations for that purpose;
and also appioving of the course pursued by
Thomas Corwin, one of the Senators from that
State, in regard to the Mexican war. These va-
rious resolutions were read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DOWNS presented a memorial from judges
and members of the bar of New Orleans, asking
that the rules of all proceedings in United States
courts in civil cases conform with the practice of
the State courts of Louisiana; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
slavery in the territories. '[This speech will also
appear in the Appendix.]
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS *
The SPEAKER laid" before the House a letter
irom the Second Auditor, transmitting1 copies of
such accounts as have been rendered by persons
charged or intrusted with the disbursement or ap- :
plication of money, goods, or effects for the benefit I
of the Indmns, from October 1st, 1846, to Septem- >
ber 30th, 1847, inclusive, with the names of all :
persons to whom goods, money, or effects have !
been delivered withm^he same period. Laid on I
tne table ami ordered to be printed. !
Also,a communication from the acting Secretary ;
Of War, transmitting a report of the Commissioner ;
of Indian Affairs, in answer to a resolution nf the " ,i;„. V vuu"lllu™ "" ""
House of Representatives of the13 h rf MWh ii WY' ?J1°r'e-d th,e J"'"1 res°Iuti°" Fror  th*
