810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 2,
things called territorial governments, by which any
twenty thousand settlers on the public lands might
" set up, a government, and demand the right to
enact their own laws. He contended that a power
could not be delegated to acreature which the cre-
ator did not possess. If by inherent right the peo-
ple could form a government, why do they come
to Congress to ask the power? and to what extent
could Congress confer power ? Not beyond the
power vested in it by the Constitution.
Mr. FOOTE regretted that, this discussion had
been commenced and had gone on in such a strange
manner. Admitting that the striking out of the
twelfth section would remove his objection to the
bill, still the Senator from Alabama went at length
into a question which it had been the desire of
many Senators, by a mutual understanding, to
avoid. He was prepared to go into this question
whenever it was forced upon him; but he had been
stricken with a thrill of delight as he listened to
the wise and patriotic suggestions of the Senator
from Missouri yesterday, that we should confine
our attention to the duties imposed on us. Should
the resolutions submitted by the Senator from New
York be taken up, he should be prepared to offer
his views at length on this question. He was op-
posed to theagitation of this question at the present
time, as it might enable an individual to whom the
Abolitionists were attracted to increase his popu-
larity, and might also have the effect of exciting
the South so as to weaken the strength of the great
^)arty to which he was attached in that section
of the Union. There wasa plan on foot to distract
the South, which he would expose at a proper time.
Mr. HALE assured the Senator from Missis-
sippi that his friends did not calculate on the vote
of his State at the pending election. He had risen
to say, that this firebrand did not come from him.
Me ha,d drawn out his firebrand, but the fire had
burned more brightly than before it was taken out.
He regretted that Senators should now consider
the ordinance of 1787 as insulting to the southern
States. If that ordinance was an insult, tfow was
it they had remained quiet under it more than half
a century? With all his respect for gentlemen,
and all his abhorrence to wound the feelings of!
any, he could not avoid saying that he felt little
sympathy with those who had lived under an in-
sult which was sixty years old before it was dis-
coveied. He.charged the Senator from Alabama
with introducing and arguing abstractions, while
he charged him [Mr. Hale] with doing that very
At the risk; of offending those who had 1
ner in which they expressed their views. They
met the question fairly and candidly. Every man
could understand them. There was no beating
about the bush among (hem. With such oppo-
nents it was gratifying to contend. Very different
was their course to that of certain animals which
had been characterized as northern men with
southern principles. He invoked the attention of
the Senate to the declaration of the Senator from
Mississippi, that in the discussion of this great
question, he was not influenced by truth, justice,
£nd humanity; but that he was anxious to evade
its full and fair discussion, from an apprehension
that it would have the effect of distracting a party,
aijd weakening that glorious ticket which was to
sweep over the whole of the United States like a
hurricane.
Mr. FOOTE begged to explain, that he had
only named this as one of the consequences of the
discussion of the question at this time, and he was
prepared, at a proper time, to go into the proofs
which had come into his possession on this point.
But he had stated,as his main objection, the delay
of the bill; which must be the consequence of the
agitation of the subject at this time, and this, too,
at a moment when our immediate action is demand-
ed by the perilous condition of our fellow-citizens
in the Territory of Oregon.
Some further discussion ensued between Mr.
Hale and Mr. Foote, which partook of a per-
sonal character, and had no reference to the ques-
tion legitimately before the Senate; and, pending
this debate,
The Senate adjourned.
thing
sustained him at a time when sympathy was worth
something and votes were worth more, he had
withdrawn his amendment, and then a more pes-
tiferous movement was made.
Mr. BUTLER asked if the Senator had not
indicated, when he withdrew his proposition, his
intention to introduce the firebrand again,is soon
as he saw tha,t one which was about to be intro-
duced had burned out?
_ Mr, HALE replied. He had asked the Chair
if it would be in order to offer his amendment
again, if he withdrew it,, for the purpose of ena-
bling the Senator from Florida to offer his? Having
been informed that it would be in order, he with-
drew it, stating that he might offer it, or not, as he
should think proper. His intention was, if the
bill was suffered to pass in the shape proposed,
not to offer it again. But when he found other
doctors dosing it, he determined that he would try
his own medicine again. He then laid down his
proposition that slaves could not be regarded as
property, and quoted some judicial decisions to ^
sustain lnm m this view.
In the views which he had expressed, he was
happy to say that he was supported by many dis-
tinguished men from the South. Every southern
gentleman regarded the existence of slavery as an
evil, and was anxious to free the slaveholding
States from the odium of its introduction. It was
alleged by some, that the cuise had its origin in
the mercenary course pursued by the New'Eng-
land merchants, who entered into the trafift in
slaves for profit; others charged all the responsi-
bility on Great Britain/ If the evil, therefore, was
of that odious character that even the South shrunk
from the responsibility of its introduction, with
what consistency could southern Senators vote for
extending it to new territories where it had never
yet obtained a footing, and where it was said that
it was not likely to enter? He gave southern gen-
tlemen great credit for the open and manly til an-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 2, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. EDWARDS, from the select committee ap-
pointed to consider the various memorials praying
the passage of a law prohibiting the importation of
adulterated drugs and qgedicines, reported a bill to
prohibittheimportation of adulteiated, deteriorated,
and misnamed medicines.
j The bill having been twice read—
1 Mr. ED WARDS begged leave to state that the
bill which he had just reported had met with the i
entire approbation of the select committee to whom j
the subject had been referred. It was a subject of '
great importance to the entire country. He had '<
recently received a letter informing him that twenty- j
four thousand poundsof adulterated Peruvian bark j
alone had just been imported; and as this subject j
had been for two months before committees of this I
House, it having fiist been referred to the Commit- !
tee on Commerce, and afterwards to a select com- '
mittee, those who were engaged in this trade had
become wideawake, and were importing largely in
anticipation of the passage of some such bill as this.
It was therefore obviously necessary that this bill
should be promptly passed, that such deleterious
importations might be caught on their arrival in
our ports. He moved tha$ the bill be put upon its
passage.
Mr. HUNT hoped there would be no objection
to the immediate passage of this bill. It was of
vital importance to the country. The importation
of deleterious drugs had been very injurious to our
army during the war with Mexico, and hence some
action on this subject was loudly demanded. When
it was before the Committee on Commerce, there
was but one opinion respecting it; but it was deemed
better thatitshould be referred toaselect committee
of medical men, who would perhaps be better able
to suggest a remedy to protecf the country against
the mischiefs to which it was exposed by deleteri- j
ous importations. He hoped it would be passed j
without debate; but, if any discussion were neces- j
sary to satisfy the House of the propriety of pass- '
ing this bill, he would suggest that the able report '
of the committee should be read. Nothing more !
would be necessary. In conclusion, he moved the
previous question.
The House sustained the call for the previous
question, under the operation of which thebill was
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the bill and report
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. ASHMUN moved that 10,000 extra copies
of the report accompanying the bill be printed.
After a few words between Messrs. COBB, of
Georgia, ROOT, and ASHMUN, this motion was.
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. ROCKW ELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar.
Mr. VINTON said he had been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on Fridays and Saturdays for the residue of
the session, that the appropriation bills might be
acted upon on those as well as the other days of
the week.
Mr. ROCKWELL begged the gentleman from
Ohio not to press that motion to-day, as this was
"objection day," on which bills could be passed
that were unobjectionable.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said' it was a question
of importance whether the House would go on
with the public business, and, therefore, he called
for the yeas and nays on the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole House on the private
calendar.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted thus: Yeas 84, nays 81. The
House accordingly (Mr. Brodhead, of Pennsylva-
nia, in the chair) resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole House on, the private calendar.
The following bills were taken up, read, con-
sidered, and ordered to be reported to the House,
viz:
For the relief of iPeter Shaffer.
For the benefit of John Ozias.
For the relief of the legal representativeaof Rob-
ert Fulton, deceased.
For the relief of Anna Giffin, of the county of
Wyoming, Slate of New York.
For the relief of William Butler.
For the relief of William De Buys, late postmas-
ter at New Orleans.
For the relief of Artemas Conant.
Granting a pension to R-uth Hollenbeck.
For the relief of Jesse Washington Jackson,
For the relief of James. Fugate.
For the relief of Samuel Gray. "
For the relief of Lizur B. Canfield.
For the relief of John Hibbert.
For the relief of Daniel H. Warren.
For the relief of Nathaniel Shifiett.
! For the reliefof Skelton Felton.
For the relief of Emanuel Berri anck John M.
Keese.
And Senate bills for the relief of Richard Bloss
and others; for the relief of Jones & Boker; and for
the relief of Charles L. Dell.
The following bills were amended, and ordered
to be reported to the House, viz:
Joint resolution of the Senate in favor of David
Shaw and Solomon T. Corser; and House bill for
the relief of Lewis Hastings.
The following bills were also acted on and or-
dered to be reported to the House: Bills autho-
rizing the Secretary of War to issue a duplicate
of land warrant No. 1.469, which originally issued
in favor of Adam Hart, February 3, 1829; and for
the relief of Thomas B. Graham; and Senate bill
for the relief of Fernando Fellany.
The committee having reported all of the above
bills—
The House first proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of John P. Converse, reported to the
House by the Committee of the Whole.on Satur-
day last; when—
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, it was
recommitted to the Committee of Claims.
Bills from the Senate for the relief of Joseph
Wilson, and for the relief of W. B. Slaughter, late
Secretary of the Territory of Wisconsin' reported
from the Committee of the Whole on Saturday
last, (the latter with an amendment, which was
agreed to,) were taken up, read a third time, and
passed.
The bills for the relief of William Fuller and
Orlando Saltmarsh, and for the relief of H. D.John-
son, which were reported by the Committee of the -
Wholeon Saturday last, were taken up and ordered
to be engrossed; and being engrossed, were read a
third time, passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
The House then proceeded to consider the bills
this day reported from the Committee of the Whole,
when they were severally read a third time and
passed, except the bills for the relief of Peter.
Shaffer and for the relief of William De Buys, late
postmaster at Ne%v Orleans, which were laid over
for further consideration.
