1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
political jurisdiction. The practice of the Govern-
ment, however, had proceeded on an opposite
construction. Mr. B. waived any discussion of that
question, but contented himself with maintaining
the inexpediency of the Government taking any
-action on the subject, but leaving it entirely to the
people of thei Territories. Congress could not
alter the provisions of the Constitution, and he
insisted that the whole matter ought to be left
with the States and the Territories!to act in regard
to it as they thought best. The Territories had
no representative to vote for them in Congress,
and he thought we ought to regard the ancient
republican principle of the Revolution, that free-
men ought not to be controlled by a Government
in which they had no voice.
Mr. B. thought the northern States ought to be
content with the observance of the Missouri com-
promise. Whatever might have been the author-
ity to enact that compromise in the first instance,
if it was adhered to in good faith, it would operate
as a peacemaker and quiet the agitations of the
country.
Mr. B. had observed that those who opposed it,
and were for the forcible exclusion of slavery from
the Territories, were obliged to resort for support
to the extreme of fanaticism, and they had certain
catchwords which marked them as a party, and
were used for party ends alone. Among these was
that of " free«oil." What did this mean? Had
it any intelligible meaning? It could not mean
free rocks, free sand, free loam; if it meant any-
thing, it must mean free government. Well, if
that was what they really meant, it was the very
thing for which Mr. B. contended. The country
was full of these party terms. Thus we had a
Liberty party, as if we were not all friends of
liberty; and a Native American party, just as if
there were some among us who were not the
friends of America, or were enemies to native-born
Americans. So they called all northern men who
did not go to their own fanatical extremes, "dough-
faces." lie thought, when they used this expres-
sion, they must have had the mirror before their
own faces.
*!'It was said that slavery was a great moral and
political evil: it might be so; but the world was
full of evils of various sorts, which it was impos-
sible to remedy, and which we must make up our
minds to endure; and, great as this evil might be,
it might become yet greater if an attempt was
"made forcibly to pen it up within its present geo-
graphical limits. Could such a design be effected,
find should it turn out that slavery within those
limits ceased to be profitable to slaveholders, the
adjacent States would soon be overrun with a
•black population of the very worst description.
Slavery had always existed in the world, and he
presumed always would; it had been made no
ground of excommunication from the church, and
it ought not to be of excommunication from a po-
litical party. The negro race, always subjected
to degradation among men, bad never occupied a
condition so elevated as it held in our southern
States. Slavery was distinctly recognized in the
Constitution, and those who recognized the au-
thority of that instrument ought to hold their peace
upon the subject; but, however they might rave,
the Constitution could not be changed.
Mr. B. held that the legislation which had been
resorted to in New York and m jVIassachusetts to
prevent the recapture of runaway slaves was in
rtlirect conflict with the Constitution.
Mr. JENKINS asked to what legislation of
New York the gentleman alluded?
7. Mr. BRODHEAD said he did not pretend to a
-minute knowledge of all the laws passed by the
ISewr York Legislature, but he was under the im-
pression that a law had been passed in that State
which forbade all State officers to aid the owner of
a runaway in recovering his property.
Mr. JENKINS said no such, law existed m New
York.
■ . Mr. BRODHEAD was happy to learn the fact,
and was very sorry the same could not be said for
his own State.
The nation had lately been greatly agitated on
this subject, and there was a party among us who
were perfect Don Q.uixottes in philanthropy; they
could totally overlook an evil at their own doors
to ffaze upon and weep over one a thousand miles
off. Men worked themselves into a fever about
" this Wilmot proviso, from whose States probably
not one family would ever remove into California
or New Mexico. Southern men would probably
not take their slaves til ere in any numbers, because
the country was one where slavery would not be
profitable; and where it was not profitable, slavery
never went or long continued; but southern men,
by a very natural feeling, were unwilling to be put
under the ban.
There existed a sickly.sentimentality in some
of the northern States, that was finding its outlet
sometimes in Fourierism, sometimes in Millerism,
and sometimes in anti-slavery. But Massachusetts
might as well undertake to meddle with and pro-
hibit slavery in the State of Pennsylvania as in
New Mexico or California. She might as well
order Pennsylvania to strike out the word " white"
from her constitution before the words "free male"
citizen. It was an impertinent intermeddling with
other people's business.
Thegentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett]
had objected to permitting a " handful of squatters"
in the Territories to settle this question of slavery
there for all time to come. Now, Mr. B. did not
think it very well became us Americans to sneer
at "squatters;" for, take us together, we were a
nation of squatters; and it was squatters who, by
their industry and hardy enterprise, had made
the country what it was. Mr. B. had rather trust
a company of squatters to make a constitution
under which to live than a pack of dreaming Four-
ierites shut up in cities, who knew nothing of life
in a new country. He held that those who were
in the Territories had a right to form their own
laws, provided they were not in conflict with the
laws of the United States.
As to this Wilmot proviso question, it was not
a practical question. California, it was obvious,
must be the future home of a maritime people; and
it was notorious that the progress of all settlement
must be what it always had been, from the coast
to the interior. Slave labor would not thrive there.
The South, hitherto, had always held that the
Constitution was a sufficient protection to them in
the h.olding of their slaves; but when we came to
look at the doctrine put forth by the Baltimore
Convention, we found there was a backing off from
that doctrine in some quarters. The Whigs in the
North began to discover that there was nothing to
fear on this question; in evidence of which, he read
quotations from a speech made by Mr. Dayton, of
New Jersey, in the Senate of the United States,
on the Mexican treaty; one great inducement for
the adoption of which was, that it practically
avoided "thatwretched Wilmotprovisoquestion."
Here was an intelligent northern man who consid-
ered the whole thing as (<a miserable question."
The new Territories to be acquired by the treaty
were not suited to slave labor; so that the whole
of the agitation which the introduction of that pro-
viso had produced throughout the country was
gratuitous, and without any reason or necessity.
Mr. B. here read some authorities in support of
his position. He expressed his surprise that Mr.
Van Buren had not been satisfied with the Mis-
souri compromise. He had said once that he
would veto any bill abolishing slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether Mr. B..
meant to assert that Mr. Van Buren had changed 1
his opinions ?
Mr. B. disclaimed any such assertion.
Mr. WILMOT asked if the proviso was not
adopted and acted on, would not slaveholders go
into these territories, and would not the perpetua-
tion of slavery there inevitably follow?
Mr. B. said, if the Constitution carried it there,
he was willing it should go there. His colleague
had admitted, in his speech, (which Mr. B. quoted,)
that the people of a Territory, when it became a
State, ought to be allowed to decide the question of
tolerating slavery for themselves; why not accord
them the same liberty while they continued Inhabit-
ants of aTerritory? Why not permittheTerritorial
Legislature to act on the subject ?
Mr. B. maintained that all the States were bound
by the provisions oftheMissouri compromise; and
he was willing to adopt it as tending to the same Re-
sult as his own doctrine of Government neutrality.
Mr. B. quoted the Alabama-platform, as laid
down by Judge Dargin, chief justice of that State,
and formerly a member of Congress.
The Missouri compromise had been forced upon
the southern States by the northern representa-
tives. By it, the existence of slavery north of 36°
30' was abolished; south of that degree of latitude,
the people were to be suffered to choose for them-
selves whether it should exist within their limits
or not. Men from all parts of the Unioft- at the
last Congress had been willing to agree upon this
as a peace measure. In March, 1820, when that
compromise was first adopted, the States had been
equally divided on the^ssubject of slavery, eleven
of them prohibiting, and eleven admitting it. The
vote in the House of Representatives on its adop-
tion had been 134 to 42, and in the Senate 34 to 10.
The compromise had been imposed upon the South
by northern votes; and he held that men of the
North ought now to be willing to abide by it as a
peace measure.
The Whigs talked of nominating for President
agentleman who washimselfa practical slaveholder.
If they wanted to carry him into the chair, or
when they got him there, they would have to
abandon the plan of getting into power by abusing
slavery. They would be obliged to back out from
the Wilmot proviso, or their candidate would not
get a southern State. If that question should be
taken out of the arena of political controversy in
the northern States, Mr. B. should heartly rejoice.
For if it was pressed to its results, it must lead to
disastrous issue. The ground of entire neutrality
was the true ground to be assumed by the Demo-
cratic party. On this, that party would stand uni-
ted and firm, however much the Whigs might
divide. The coming election would finally settle
this question. He "wanted to know' whether his
friends to meet in Philadelphia were for or against
the Wilmot proviso. The Democracy were against
it. He hoped the Whigs would either affirm or
repudiate it.
Mr. DUER asked whether the gentleman from
Pennsylvania meant to say that the Baltimore
Convention had repudiated the Wilmot proviso.
Would the gentleman affirm that that was the pres-
ent attitude of his party ?
Mr. BRODHEAD replied that the Democratic
party all over the Union would repudiate it.
Mr. DUER would thank the gentleman to read
him the resolution adopted at Baltimore in which
such a position was taken.
Mr. BRODHEAD said the position of the De-
mocratic" party was a position of neutrality. Let
the Whigs declare how they stood in regard to this
matter. If they .abandoned the proviso, (and if
they supported a slaveholding candidate they did
virtually abandon it,) let them say so at once.
[Mr. Brodhead's speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, after a brief apol-
ogy for speaking to a subject not before the com-
mittee after having recently expressed strong dis-
approbation of the practice, and laying the blame on
the decision oT the committee yesterday, which had
overruled its chairman, and pronounced thegen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhettj to be in
order in speaking to slavery when the bill before
the committee was the naval appropriation bill,
proceeded to deliver a speech in opposition to the
Wilmot proviso, and in vindication of the right of
the people of the South to go into the Territories
with their slaves, and the want of all authority,
either in Congress or the Territorial governments,
to prohibit them. [Mr, B.'s speech will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. SAWYER said that he was about to pursue
a course which probably would not meet the accept-
ance of many gentlemen around him. It was
known to all who heard him that he had not trou-
bled the House with many long speeches of his
either during the present session of Congress or
the last. Yet he was a diligent attendant on the
sittings of the House. When it was opened in the
morning by the "prayer of the chaplain, he was in
attendance; and with scarce an exception, he had
been present at every vote taken since the begin-
ning of the session, and had at all times endeav-
ored in his place to forward the public business.
But how stood that business now? They
bill before them appropriating money for the pay
of the officers and seamen of our -n&W*£d
vidin°* whatever was needful to keep i
condition. Yet, while this bill ™^
action of the House, genterne "had got into the
discussion of a subject.e ,ife oommence~
a d just so it had c—dfrom the
ment of the session till this very « t
business had been crimma y£ • ^ ^ g f ^
Mr S. would now quote, for the benefit ot tne
country and for the information of the committee
