1314"
fm vommmotfAt ©lobe.
June 3,
some items from the general calendar of the busi-
ness of the House which yet remained to be done*.
There were on that calendar more than five hun-
ted bills yet unacted upon, while only some fifteen
or twenty had received the action of the House.
All the bills providing %r the. pay of our brave
soldiers were still to be passed, while the House
was engaged in discussing abstract questions on
slavery—a subject introduced by whom and on
which side of the House? Bid not gentlemen
'perceive that no gentleman from the other side of
the House attempted to get the floor? The whole
discussion was confined to the Democratic side of
the House; it was they who, insfead of doing the
business of the country, were occupying the time
in discussions on slavery. The debate had been
opened by a gentjeman holding the extreme of
southern principles; and the practical result would
be, that in some portions of the Union that speech
would be quoted on them as exhibiting the party's
doctrine, while an ultra Wilmot proviso Demo-
crat had made a speech on theopposite side of the
question; and in other sections of the Union, the
Whigs would read that speech to the people as a
sample of Democratic doctrine. The other side,
seeing the game thus coming into their hands, sat
perfectly quiet.
Mr. S. said he would'now read the titles of some
of the bills which were suffered to remain on the
calendar while this proceeding was going forward,
and would call the attention of his own constitu-
ents to the fact that he, at least, had not been for
consuming the time of Congress on mere abstrac-
tions, neglecting the important business of the
country. Gentlemen were calling for an early
adjournment, and yet were thus delaying the busi-
ness that ought to be done.
Mr. S. said he wanted this slavery debate to be
at least postponed to next week, when many gen.-
tiemen would be absent from the House at the
convention to be held at Philadelphia. While
those gentlemen were away, they could not, in
justice, take up the important business and act upon
it. He hoped, therefore, the House would dispose
of this appropriation bill, and perhaps of one other
to-day; and then, while the gentlemen were absent
at Philadelphia, those who remained might discuss
just what they pleased, to occupy the time. But
the bills on the calendar were important to every
man in the country; and if gentlemen would, by
continuing this sort of debate, rob their constitu-
ents of their just rights, Mr. S. would tell the
country and the world of it. Here were bills on
the calendar from No. 9 up to No. 520, still wait-
ing, unacted on. There was one to protect the
suffering emigrants to Oregon, who were being
butchered ,by the sealping-knife ol* the bloody
savage; yet, while they were falling massacred in
the wilderness, and gentlemen knew it, they could
sit here day after day discussing negro slavery.
Mr. S. called on the House and on the country to
bear him witness that it was not his fault. Here
was another bill providing half-pay to the widows
and children of men who had died in the service
of their country. There was another for removing
sunken rocks in the harbor of New York; he called
the. attention of gentlemen from New York to it.
Another bill provided for widows and orphans of
men who had died in our naval service. Then
there were bills providing for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, some of them just and honest;
and, if gentlemen would keep out of it such as
were dishonest and unjust, the President was not
going to veto the bill.
Mr. STEW ART here asked the gentleman from
Ohio on what authority he asserted that the Presi-
dent would not veto the river and harbor bill?
Mr. SAWYER said, on the authority of the
President's veto message.
Mr. STEWART. Which message?
Mr. SAWYER. The last veto menage. He
was not mistaken. He understood the objections
of the President. He went against bills which
were not of public and general importance.
Mr. BURT wanted to know whether the gen-
tleman from Ohio meant to say, that among the
bills which the House had neglected to take up
was the river and harbor bill, and that it would
not be vetoed?
Mr. S. replied in the negative.
Mr. BURT. Did you not mention that bill?
Mr. SAWYER. I mentioned a bill to remove
rocks in the harbor of New York.
Mr. BURT said the gentleman from Ohio was
a good Democrat. Did he mean to pledge himself
that the President would not veto any bill for in-
ternal improvements? If so, he hoped that the
Democratic party would adopt some other resolu-
tions besides those put forth at Baltimore.
Mr. SAWYER had said that there were certain
bills for rivers and harbors which the President
would not veto; but there were others which he
held that the President ought to veto, and would.
Mr, STEWART. What bills are they?
Mr* SAWYER said he had not time now to
specify them.
Mr, STANTON asked whether Mr, Sawyer
meant to say that the nominee of the Democratic
Convention would veto any bill for which he had
himself voted ?
Mr, SAWYER said he must proceed in his re-
marks, There were bills on that calendar in which
every gentleman in the House was interested, and
it was an abuse of the rights of the people to pre-
vent by irrelevant debate these bills from being
passed. There were five hundred bills yet behind,
many of them granting pensions to gentlemen's
own neighbors, which they would not be able to
reach; and then, when an adjournment was moved,
gentlemen were so much afraid of their constitu-
ents that they cried out for the yeas and nays, that
they might show them that they were willing to
adjourn. Mr, S,, for one, desired to record his
own name as having been in favor of taking up the
legitimate business of the House. Mr, S, quoted
the following list of bills:
A hill making provision for the widows and children of
officers and soldiers of the army of the United States who
havedied or may die while in the service, or after their dis-
charge, on account of sickness oi a wound incurred while
in the service.
A bill making appropriations for the support of the army
and of volunteers tor the year ending the 30th of June, 1849.
A bill giving further tune foi satisfying claims for bounty
lands, and for other purposes.
A hill to amend the act approved the 24th of Mav, 1824,
entitled "An act supplementary to an actappioved on the
3d ot March, 1819, entitled 'Ait act providing for the correc-
tion of eirors in making entnes of land at the land offices.
A bill to provide tor cases of lost bounty-land warrants.
A bill to jncrcasc the efficiency of the regiments and corps
of the army, and to provide fordisabied and mfiim officers..
A bill to found a military asylum for the relief and support
of invalid soldiers, ot the army of the United States.
A bill authorizing certain promotions in the naval service.
A bill directing the Secretary of the Navy to settle certain
accounts of officers of the navy who have been required to
act as pursers of the vessels of which they were placed m
command during the existing: war with Mexico.
A bill supplementary to an act for the relief of sick and
disabled teamen, and for other purpo?e?>.
A hill supplementary to an act approved July 7th, 1828,
entitled " An act to provide for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled m whole or
in part by steam."
A bill to provide for the payment of horses and other prop-
erty lost or destroyed iu the military service of the United
Suites.
A bill to establish the territorial government of Oregon.
A bill making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses ot the Government for the year ending the 30th day
of June, 1849, and for other purposes.
An act to allow further time for satisfying claims for
bounty-lands for military services in the late war with Great
Britain, and for other purposes.
An act to extend the provisions of existing pension laws
to enlisted men of the Ordnance corps of the United States
army.
A joint resolution to defray the expenses of transporting
to the United States and interring the remains of deceased
officers and soldiers of the army in certain cases.
A bill i or the relief of widows and orphan children of offi-
cers and seamen o( the navy of the United States.
A bill further to amend the judicial system of the United
States.
An act amending the act entitled "An actgranting half-
pay to widows or orphans where their husbands and fathers
have died of wounds received jn the military service of the
United States, in cases of deceased officers and soldiers of
the mihtia and volunteer?,35 passed July 4,1836.
A bill lor the relief of the voluntecis engaged in the mili-
taiy service of the United States.
A bill appropriating monej to remove llie sunken rocks in
the haiborof New York.
A bill to create the office of Surveyor General of the public
lands in Jhe Territory of Oregon, and intrant donation rights
to settlers therein, and for other purposes. y
A bill to promote the education of the indigent deaf and |j
dumb. j!
A bill to provide for all the officers and soldiers, regular
and volunteer, who have been injured and peimanently dis-
able m the service in the existing war with Mexic .
A bill to set apart and sell to Asa Whitney, of New York,
a poruon of the public lands, to enable him to constiucta
railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean.
A bill further to extend the time for locating Virginia
military land warrants, and returning surveys thereon to the
General Land Office.
A bill making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending hOyi June, 1849.
A bill for the paj ment of a company of Indian volunteers,
called into the service of the United States.
A bill to provide for the families of such commissioned
officers, non-commissioned officers, privates, and musicians,
whether belonging to the regular army or to any volunteer
corps, as may have been killed in battle, or died from wounds
teceived, or* diseases contracted, or other casualties, occa-
sioned while in the service of the (Jnited States during tho
war with the Republic of Mexico, and for other purposes.
A bill to provide for suppressing Indian hostilities in the
Te/ritory of Oregon, and for other'purposes.
•He would now move that the committee rise,
that he might in the House offer a resolution to
limit the debate, and then returning- into committee,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
would have an oppoitunity to speak to the bill.
He hoped that, after having allowed an opportu-
nity, while the Convention was hcld-nt Philadel-
phia, for debate on general topics, they should
afterwards set in seriously to the business of the
session, and go through with it, and then when
they went home they would receive the cheering
plaudits of their constituents, "Well done, good
and faithful servants!"
Mr. S. moved that the committee rise. The vote
was-decided by tellers: Ayes 75, noes not counted.
The committee having risen, and the Speaker
resumed the chair-
Mr. SAWYER moved to limit the debate to ten
minutes after the House should have returned into
committee, and then take the question on the bill
and amendments.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, hoped the House
would not adopt any such limitati^p as that, but
would allow sufficient time for legitimate debate
on the merits of the bill.
Mr. COBB remonstrated, and hoped the time
would be extended to two o'clock on Monday. _
Mr. COLLAMER hoped they would not insist
on passing such important bills as this while the
Whig side of the House were absent.
The resolution was then laid on the table.
The House having returned into committee, the
amendment moved by Mr. Vinton was agreed to.
The amendment, moved on Thursday last by
Mr. ViNTOtf, in relation to the Superintendent of
the Naval Observatory, to come in after the first
item, was read and agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued down to
the item 4< for nautical books, maps, charts, instru-
ments, binding and repairing the same, and all the
expenses of the Hydrographieal Office, $30,000."
Mr. STANTON moved to amend this item, as
follows:
Strike out the words " thirty thousand dollars," and in-
sertthe following in lieu thereof: <• tinrtv-five thou=and dol-
lars; and the. Secretary of the Navy is hereb} directed to
* expend five thousand dollar*, or so much thereof as may
£be necessary, in causing the observations to be made which
' have been recently recommended to him Ity the American
< Philosophical Society and the Academy of Arts and Sei-
' ences."
[In support of this motion, Mr. STANTON"
addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: This subject was brought to the
notice of the Committee on Naval Affairs by a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting
a highly interesting Correspondence between Lieu-
tenant GilHss, of the navy,.and many distinguished
scientific men in this country and Europe. The
committee, by a unanimous vote, directed this
amendment to be presented. It was accompanied
by a report in which all the correspondence al-
luded to was imbodied,and that report has been
for some weeks in the possession of the House.
The proposition has been favorably noticed in
many of the leading journals of the country with-
out distinction of party.
If this report and these notices of it had re-
ceived the attention of members of the House, it
would be unnecessary forme to offer any remarks
on the subject. But I fear, in the stirring political
events and movements of this part of the session,
these matters, however interesting to many, have
not attracted general notice, and I therefore pro-
pose to submit a biief explanation of the objects
of this amendment.
I commence by quoting the resolution of the
il American Academy of Arts and Sciences," Bos-
ton and Cambridge, January LS, 1848, in the fol-
lowing words:
" Resolved, That, in the opinion of this Academy, the en-
terprise tor determining tho solar primliax, iu the method
proposed in the correspondence between Lieutenant Gsllisa
and Dr GerJing, h worthy to be prornot<d by the Govern-
ment of the United Stat.-s by sending an expedition to Chi-
loe, both on account of the great uncertainty which attends
the adopted vjilue of tin-- fundamental ba>fcs of agronomical
measurement, and from the piobahihtv that ihis attempt will
prove successful, and thu^ redound to the hondr of the coun-
try by which it is undertaken."
The resolution of the American Philosophical
