1S48.
tm '<x>M&mkmAL c?Lom.
815
Society is to the'same effect. "The enterprise re-
ferred to in these resolutions, and thus recommend-
ed to the patronage of the Government, is simply
an expedition to South America, to be conducted
by one of our most accomplished naval officers, in
order to make observations upon the planet Venus,
in conjunction with similar observations to be
made at the Observatory in this city. The ulti-
mate object is to determine the sun's parallax more
correctly than it is now known.
A few words will explain the necessity for this
more accurate knowledge. The present quantity
.of the sun's parallax is derived from observations
of the transit of Venus in 1769. It is admitted on
all hands that this great phenomenon—the transit
of Venus—affords the best means of ascertaining
the quantity in question. But it is of such rare
occurrence and so short in its duration that the ob-
servations of asingletransitduring the last century
have been far from inspiring perfect confidence in
the result. Another transit will take placein 1874,
but the position of the planet on the sun's disc will
be less favorable; and, indeed, it is said by astron:
omers that for a period of -something like a thou-
sand years there will not occur a transit of this
planet under circumstances equally favorable for
this purpose as that of 1769. The demands of
science, however, will not admit of delay even un-
til the occurrence of the next transit, however favor-
able that might be for observation. The general
voice of astronomers and scientific men seems to
establish the great probability that the new method
proposed by Dr. Gerling will be productive of val-
uable results.^ For the testimony of distinguished
astronomers on this subject, I refer to their respect-
ive letters in the report. I will only quote a short
passage from the letter of Professor Bache, whose
high authority on such a question will be acknowl-
edged by us all. He says, page 51 of the report:
<cAs was no doubt expected, the searching examination
to which your proposal ha? jriv^n rise, has nearly exhausted
the vaiious bearings of the problem. The importance of the
inquiry proposed is gerieiaily admitted. In discus&iug the
quesuon o< the probability of obtaining new data forthe&ohir
paiallax, which shall diminish the probable error of the value
obtained from the tiansit of Venus, there are different shades
ofopinion expressed. I do not see, however, that the two
reasons which strongly favor Dr. Gerling's method are met
by any opposing arguments.
"The large number of observations upon which results
may be founded, and the independence of the new method
with that formerly used, are indeed striking features in this
method. Independent methods give the best confirmation
of results, or show errors beyond the accidental error de-
duced from calculation of observations which are ali made
by the same method."
I propose to say a few words upon the import-
ance of the information to be derived from the
proposed observations, and to show in what man-
ner they connect themselves with the interests of
the Government. It^might be sufficient for this
purpose, in a general point of view, to refer to the
fact stated in the report, that, for the observation
of the transit of 1769, astronomers spread them-
selves over the whole world, at much expense and
labor, in order to get the benefit of the great phenom-
enon. This, in all probability, would not have
been the case, had there not been an immense
practical value connected with the results of this
important labor.
But, to enter a little more into particulars. There
are some irregularities in the moon's orbit which
our present knowledge of the solar system does
not enable us to explain. It is obvious, therefore,
in calculating the position of the moon for two or
three years to come, which is always done in the
Nautical Almanac, there must be an error greater
or less in the place assigned to this luminary by
the nautical tables. This error has a direct bear-
ing upon the safety of navigation. Now, there is
reason to believe that a different distance assigned
to the sun might entirely explain these anomolous
motions of the moon. It is certain that if the cal-
culated distance of the sun from the earth be
changed, the path of the moon will be to some
extent different from that attributed to it by the
present tables. Great practical good may there-
fore result from the new investigation of the solar
parallax.
I know there are some gentlemen present who
will probably object to the appropriation upon
constitutional grounds. For this reason I have
abstained entirely from alluding to many other
valuable and interesting results which are likely to
flow from the proposed expedition. Many gentle-
men believe that this Government has no power to
do anything for the promotion of science from the
niere general utility of an increase of knowledge.
They are probably right. I have confined myself,
in these remarks, to the direct and particular utility
of this investigation in its bearing upon the mate-
rial interests of the Government. * It is indispensa-
ble to the interests of navigation, and is, therefore,
within the competency of theGovernment, because
its navy must be sent to all parts of the world.
In reference to the important problem of longi-
tude, and for the purpose of illustration, I will
read a passage from Herschel's popular treatise on
Astronomy:
" If there were in the heavens a clock furnished with a
dial-plate 'and hands, which always marked Greenwich
time, the longitude of any place would be at once determined
so soon as the local time was known by comparing it with
this clock.'*
"In a clock, the marks on the dial-plate are uniformly
distributed all around a circumference of a circle, whoste
centre is that on which the hands revolve with a uniform
motion. Bat it is clear that we should, with equal cer-
tainty, though with much more trouble, tell what o'clock it
were, if the marks on the dial-plate were unequally distribu-
ted, if the hands were eccentric and their motion not uni-
form; provided we knew, first, the exact intervals round
the circle at which the hour and minute maiks were placed,
which would be the case if we had them registered in a
table from the results of previous careful measurement: 3dly.
If we knew the exact amount and direction of eccentricity
of the centre of motion of the hands; and 3dly. If we were
fully acquainted with all the mechanism which puts the
hands in motion, so as to be able to say at every inst mt what
were their velocity of movement, and so as to be able to
calculate, without fear of error, how much time should cor-
res-pnnd to s-o much angular movement.
" The visible surface of the starry heavens is the dial-
plate of our clock, the stars are the fixed marks distributed
around its circuit, the moon is the moveable hand, which,
with a motion that, Mipeificially considered, seems uniform,
but which, when carefully examined, is found to be far oth-
erwise, and regulated by mechanical laws of astonishing
complexity and intncacyin re-ult, though beautifully pim-
ple in principle and design, perforins a monthly circuit
among them, pacing visibly over and hiding, or, as it is
called, occulting some, and gliding beside and between
others, and whose position among them can, at anv moment
when it is visible, be exactly measured by the help of asex-
Unt, ju*t as we might measure the place of our clock-hand
among the marks on its dial-plate with a pair of compasses,
and thence, from the known and calculated laws of its mo-
tion, deduce the time."
Now, sir, this is a very fair and a very beautiful
illustration of the lunar method "of ascertaining
longitude. And I have quoted this long passage
for the purpose of demonstrating to the mind of
every man in the House that there can be no valid
constitutional objection to the appropriation pro-
posed. It is indispensable for our Government to
make use of this celestial clock. For this purpose
our national vessels are supplied with the instru-
ment for observing it—the sextant. But it is ne-
cessary to correct the indications of this celestial
clock, not of course in its actual motions, but rela-
tively in our knowledge of it. Now, it is just as
competent for our Government to make all astro-
nomical observations necessary to a complete and
accurate understanding of this celestial clock as it
is to purchase a sextant to ascertain its true indica-
tions. There can be no answer to this argument.
You must deny the power of navigation at all, or
you must yield the power to adopt all the instru-
ments and appliances necessary to its perfection.
But, sir, it is not in navigation only that this
expedition will be of actual benefit to the Govern-
ment. I hope one day to see a different system
adopted in reference to the survey of our vast pub-
lic domain—a system of topographical examination
and survey, in which the utmost possible accuracy
will prevail—in which the meridian lines shall be
true meridians, and the section lines actual parallels
of latitude. This is not the case at present, and
important difficulties result from the imperfection.
The day, I hope, is not distant when the public
lands will be the subject of operations similar to
those of the coast survey, so far as they are appli-
cable. The interests of the Government and the
people require it.
I do not design, Mr. Chairman, to consume the
valuable time of the committee in useless speaking.
My object is simple and pertinent explanation. If
I have succeeded in this, I have done all that I de-
sired. But the committee will tolerate one further
remark in connection with this subject. It is aside
from the direct utility of the expedition in question,
but I hope it will not be without its weight. The
Government of the United States, it is acknowl-
edged, has contributed but little to .the interchange
of scientific knowledge among the nations of the
world. The proposed expedition to the southern
hemisphere will be a slight offering on our part
in return for the thousand obligations we have in-
curred to the labors and science qf the Old World.
Indeed the accuracy and efficiency of the very in-
struments we must use in conducting these obser-
vations, and all the tables of which our Govern merit
and people must avail themselves in navigation,
are chiefly due to the investigations and labors of
European astronomers. Ihopeweshall not refuse
to take this single step towards repaying our na-
tional debt to the science of the world.]
[Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said that the object
of the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] was, to enable the Navy
Department tQ fit out an expedition for the .purpose
of giving an opportunity to a scientific officer of
the navy (Lieut. Gilliss) to put to a practical test
the method proposed by Gerting, of Marburg, for
ascertaining the sun's parallax. This metho3,for
the sake of distinction, he should call "Gerling's
Method," though it had been suggested by other
astronomers many years since, and though this
and other methods nearly allied to it were well
known to scientific men. Dr. Gerling, however,
had more lately called attention to this subject,
which had been brought prominently into notice
in this country by the scientific ardor of Lieut.
Gilliss. The method of Gerling consists of obser-
vations to be made upon the planet Venus at the
times of its inferior conjunction, and at the sta-
tionary periods when the positions of the planet
are to be carefully ascertained from those of cer-
tain fixed stars previously selected whose places
have been determined with the utmost possible ac-
curacy. These observations are to be made with
astronomical instruments of the best workman-
ship, with all the modern improvements; they are
to embrace a considerable period of time; the ob-
servers are to be nearly under the same meridian,"
but in different hemispheres; the one to be, as it is
proposed, at the Observatory in this city, and the
other at some point of the west coast of the South
American continent, as remote from Washington
as practicable, so as to obtain the longest possible
base line. It must, then, be apparent to the com-
mittee that these observers, thus separated from
each other, will not see the plefnet in precisely the
same part of the heavens. The difference of po-
sition of "Venus as viewed from the northern and
from the 'southern points will be susceptible of di-
re ^observation and ascertainment, and from 'this
difference the pafallax of the planet, and thence
that of _the sun, may by an easy computation be
deduced. The method just explained is in its es-
sential particulars that of Gerling; it is not neces-
sary to state it more elaborately, nor if it were
done, would the committee in all probability take
any greater interest in it, ov understand it with
greater clearness.
Perhaps it as well to state here to the commit-
tee, that other methods for the ascertainment of the
sun's parallax have been proposed and adopted;
one of these, and perhaps the rudest, is very old.
It is to observe the moon when dichotomized. It
is not necessary to dwell further upon this plan,
as it is not possible by it to determine the parallax
with any accuracy.
Another method a good deal dwelt upon, par-
ticularly before the transits of Venus in the last
century, is by observations made upon Mars in
opposition; by these means the parallax of that
pianet has been determined, and that of the sun
thence deduced amounts to about nine seconds and
a half. As well this method, however, as all oth-
ers yet proposed, must yield in point of accuracy
to those made upon the transits of Venus over the
sun's disc, which are, as the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] has correctly stated, occur-
rences of great rarity, happening only at alternate
periods of about eight years and of upwards of a
century apart. Thus therc were transits at different
nodes in 1761 and 1769; while the next transit will
not occur until the year 1874. At the intermedi-
ate conjunctions the planet will not be seen upon
the sun's disc. The transit of 1769 engaged the
utmost attention of all the astronomers of the
world. Expeditions were fitted out for almost
every part of the globe where that phenomenon
was visible, and observations upon it were made
at Paris, at Greenwich, at Wardhus, at Pekin, on
the island of Otaheite, at Kola, at Santa Anna in
California, and at a number of other places. The
observations at Warrlhus.made by PeneHell, have
been considerably distrusted, and those made at
Santa Anna by Velasquez have been absolutely
discredited, and subjected to the charge of forgery,
it being pretty generally believed that he compu-
