the congressional globe.
June 3.
ted his observations from the amount of parallax
2 deduced by other observers. It isf upon t,he re-
• maining observations, these being set aside, that
the amount of parallax, as at present received, of
eight seconds and fifty-eight hundredths, rests for
its accuracy. . .
' Mr. E. farther observed that it will, it the com-
1 ttrittee are not already completely wearied by these
details, be proper at this place to explain ^hat this
parallax is whose ascertainment has been thought
=wortity of so much labor and research. If the com-
mittee were tired of the subject, he would proceed
to further in it. [Cries of "Go on; we want to
•hear it."] Well, then, the committee will under-
stand that the sun's, parallax is the angle under
which the semi-diameter of the earth would be seen
if viewed from the sun's centre, and its use is, to
ascertain the distances of the heavenly bodies, and
to" reduce their apparent to their real places. It is
plain that an observer, if he coald be placed at the
- centre of the earth, would view a body situated at
any finite distance higher than it would appear to
another situated upon any part of the earth's sur-
face. The effect of parallax is, then, to depress the
body, and the amount of the parallax in altitude is
always to be added to the observed in order to ob-
tain the real place. This correction is of constant
use among astronomers and navigators. Its effect
has' been very accurately stated by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton;] it will not, there-
Ifore,. be necessary to say more upon it at this
'timet
.Now, to return for a moment to the transit of
"Venus, as observed in 1769. The committee, from
nvhat has just been said, will readily perceive that
two persons very distant from each other on the
'"earth's surface will see the planet upon different
■portion's of the sun's disc. To the one it may ap-
pear to describe a path passing much nearer to the
sun's centre than it will to the other. Then, by
ascertaining as accurately as possible the instants
of external and internal contacts, the times of de-
scribing these paths will be ascertained, and the
time will be longer to that observer by whom the
planet is seen projected nearest the sun's centre.
From the difference of these times the differences
of the parallaxes of Venus and the sun may be de-
termined, and then, by Kepler's law, the true
amount of either. This method is unquestionably
the most accurate of any that has ever been pro-
posed, since an error more considerable in noting
"the times of the transit than? can be made by any
ordinarily careful observer will but slightly affect
the difference of parallaxes, and of course that of
the sun in a still smaller degree. These are some
of the reasons which give such value to the transits
.of-Venus for purposes, which are now fought to be
effected by "the proposed expedition and observa-
tions, made after the method of Gerling. It was
'noticed, however, by the observers in 1769, that
there was a difficulty about the exact instant of
internal contact, owing to certain phenomena of
light which prevented the planet at that instant
from appearing perfectly circular, the edge nearest
the limb of the sun appearing to run out into a band
or to spread into drops, so that the time of the first
internal contact was delayed, and that of the last
accelerated. However, taken altogether, no other
method yet proposed seems to approach this in ac-
curacy, and a very full discussion of the observations
of 1769 by a number of astronomers, Encke among
the rest, have fixed the parallax at eight seconds
and fifty-eight-hundredths. A very good article
upon its amount by De Ferrer will be found in the
fifth volume of the Transactions of the Astronom-
ical Society; and it is observed by him, and con-
firmed by Encke, that the amount jast mentioned
of eight seconds and fifty-eight-hundredths is the
mean parallax, without a' likelihood of error
amounting to three-hundredths of a second. The
whole error may exceed this, but it is doubtful
if it exceed five hundredths of a second of space.
Kow, it is proposed, by means of observations
made, as before remarked, in this city, and upon
the west coast of South America, to eliminate this
error if it exists. Is this of practical importance?
And, if it be, can it be effected by the method
proposed to us by the Committee on Naval Af-
airs?
Mr. Chairman, it must be confessed that, con-
sidered purely as a scientific question, this is one
of great importance, and well worthy the attention
of this committee. It is matter of congratulation,
sir, that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stan-
ton] has reported this amendment from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. From this country much
is due to the cause of science, and but little has
been paid. No other has derived greater or more
lasting advantages from the scientific investigations
and astronomical observations of distinguished Eu-
ropeans, made under the direction of the several
Governments of that continent, and none, until
lately, has done less to return the obligation. It
is by means of their labors that commerce has
been made to expand, and that navigation has been
rendered easy; and there can be no doubt but that
those very labors have conduced to make us what
we are—one of the very greatest naval Powers of
the world. Common justice, therefore, requires
of us repayment, and that we too should contrib-
ute our just proportion to the common stock of
scientific research and scientific investigation. But,
sir, we are accustomed to consider every question
practically, and to desire that every enterprise un-
dertaken by us may be speedily successful, and
make a quick return of profit. We are apt to
require that the immediate result of every under-
taking should atonce beclearly and palpably visible
to us. It then becomes a question, what immedi-
ate gain shall we derive, from this proposed expend-
iture? Shall we thereby, as is suggested in the
report of the committee, facilitate the solution of
the problem of the longitude?
Mr. Chairman, if this were to be the result, no
one would doubt for an instanf,as it is to be hoped,
indeed, for other reasons, that no one will doubt,
of the importance of this expedition; but candor
renders it necessary to say that we are not likely,
by any future researches into the amount of the
sun's parallax, to enable navigators to determine
their position at sea with a greater accuracy than
that which has already been attained. It is true,
that one of the periodical inequalities of the moon's
motion in longitude is dependant for its amount
upon that of the sun's parallax; that therefore the
-perfection of the lunar tables is in a measure de-
pendant upon the ascertainment of that parallax:
and, as the method of lunar distances for determin-
ing the longitude at sea is largely in use, it may
follow that the question at present under discussion
connects itself with that of the longitude, which
latter is one of great importance, and well worthy
the serious attention of this committee. But, Mr.
Chairman, we may perhaps safely conclude, if the
Erobable error of parallax be three or even five
undredths of a second, that a correction to this
amount will be imperceptible in its'effect upon the
lunar tables. Again, it may be said that in the
method of lunar distances for the determination of
the longitude, the parallax enters directly as an
element into the computation; that when the an-
gular distance apart of the moon and sun is taken,
this correction must be applied to the observed alti-
tude of the sun; or that, if Venus be observed with
the moon, the allowance of her parallax in altitude,
as corrected by the observations proposed to be
made, is a matter of some importance; but it is
pretty evident that these corrections are extremely
minute, and such as are never taken into account
by practical navigators. A difference from the
truth of even a minute or two in the altitudes is
not of considerable importance, while such an error
in the distance would be fatal. Indeed, the whole
amount of the parallax in altitude may be merged
in other corrections; for example, m that for the
dip, which depends upon the altitude of the,observ-
er's eye above the level of the sea, the common
allowance made when the lower limb of the sun is
observed is twelve minutes, additive, for the correc-
tion of its altitude on account of parallax, dip, and
semi-diameter; such small quantities as those now
under discussion being neglected, as in fact the
instruments in use at sea, both for the purpose of
measuring the altitudes and the distance, are inca-
pable of appreciating them. Enough, Mr. Chair-
man, has been said concerning the bearing of this
problem upon that of the longitude, which, it is
again repeated, it is believed will not be materially
affected by small corrections of parallax.
The next question is, will the sun's parallax-
probably be altered by the proposed observations?
for, as upon the amount of this parallax is depend-
ant our knowledge of the dimensions of the plane-
tary system, (the earth's semi-diameter being used
as a base for that purpose, and the diameter of the
earth's orbit, afterwards, in order to determine the
annual parallax of those fixed stars whose paral-
i lax is ap[Jreciable, as it is said to be in a few cases,)
it becomes important to determine the sun's paral-
lax with the last degree of accuracy; and here,
Mr. E. remarked, there appeared to be room for
some doubt. Many of the observations will, of
necessity, have to be made at very low altitudes
of the planet, when there will be difficulties arising
fVpm refractions, which may themselves be differ-
ent at ihe northern and southern observatories;
besides, when extra-meridional observations are
resorted to, the small stars will not be visible so as
to admit of accuracy of comparison at any con-
siderable altitudes; and this would seem, by refer-
ring to the report of the committee, to be the opin-
ion of those distinguished astronomers, Encke and
Gauss. Other gentlemen, however, had formed a
favorable opinion of this method; and, Mr. E.
observed, that he would not pretend for a single
instant to place his humble judgment in conflict
with that of persons distinguished in the science of
astronomy. With regard to any great alteration in
the amount of parallax, it might be necessary here
to remark upon its amount, as ascertained by a
method entirely independent of any of those previ-
•ously commented upon, in order to see whether
we were likely to arrive af such a result: Laplace,
in the seventh book of the Mechanique Celeste,
had determined the parallax by means of the paral-
lactic inequality in the moon's longitude, and had
remarked that this was a very accurate method of
determining the sun's parallax. By his computa-
tions he had fixed its amount at eight seconds and
fifty-six hundredths—as the committee will per-
ceive, within two hundredths of a second of the
amount as determined by the transit of 1769.
This may then be taken as corroborative of the
received amount, and as a further reason to be-
lieve that but little alteration will be made in it.
But, although but little if any alteration of the
amount of parallax, as now received, may be ex-
pected from this expedition, much good may un-
doubtedly, Mr. Chairman, be predicted of it. If
it do not .alter that amount, it may at least suffice
to corroborate and to confirm it; and if this result
only be clearly and evidently effected, a benefit
will be conferred upon science far beyond the
amount which it is proposed to appropriate; and,
, sir, that is the effect which may be expected'of this
i expedition. But, further, indirect advantages,
i both in a scientific and practical sense, will, in all
probability, flow from it. The positions of many
of the stars of the southern hemisphere will be as-
certained with greater accuracy, and the observa-
tions upon the planet itself will not be without
their advantages, to say nothing of the great quan-
tity of useful information, unpredicted in the be-
ginning, which always flows from an expedition
of this character. Sir, this may find its illustra-
tion in the vast labor of mathematicians in the im-
provementof analysis, and in the solution of prob-
lems apparently the most trivial in themselves,
and, so far as human vision could discern, the fur-
thest removed from any practical application; yet
the end of these labors has been to enable the great
mathematicians of this, and the close of the last
century, to ascertain, by means of the improve-
ment in analysis, springing directly from the ap-
parently wasteful efforts of their predecessors, the
motions of the moon with an accuracy before un-
attainable, which has led to the present complete-
ness of the lunar tables, and has almost doubled
the commerce of the world. Yet who would have
voted an appropriation for such analytic experi-
ments ? Sir, v/p must not measure the final use-
fulness of an expedition of this sort by our limited
knowledge. It may attain to results as yet un-
known'and unpredicted. Of this, one thing, Mr.
Chairman, we may be assured, that, whatever of
perfection can be given to Gerling's method by
untiring industry, unwearied patience, by skill or
1 ambition, or the hope of success, will be given to ■
it by the labors of Lieutenant Gillis abroad, and
of Lieutenant Maury at the Washington Observa-
tory. It is only to be wished that this amend-
ment had provided forx the southern observer in-
struments of the highest excellence; these, how-
ever, he will by some means procure, and we may
rest satisfied that whatever is capable of ascertain-
ment will be discovered by him.
Mr. E. here concluded his remarks by return-
ing his thanks to the members of the committee
for the very attentive hearing which they had given
to him while discussing a question generally con-
sidered too dry and unentert&ining to be listened
to with patience upon the floor of the House.]
