822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
native or naturalized, were better protected than
thev were by the Constitution and taws of these
United States, this h^My-favorcd land, which was
becoming the resort of the oppressed from all quar-
ters of ihe world. Yet they were told by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentleman
from Ohio, [Messrs; Levis and Cummins,} that
our Constitution and laws were insufficient to pro-
tect a naturalized citizen from the oppression of a
foreign Government and her diplomatic represent-
ative. Let him tell those gentlemen and all others,
that^he-humblest straw-built shed upon our soil
was a protection to its inhabitant against all the
foreign despots of the world. So far as the amplest
protection of the rights of all our citizens was con-
cerned, no further legislation at-all was needed.
They had it in perfection already. Every Ameri-
can, whether native or naturalized, enjoyed the
amplest immunity against the tyranny of all the
world.
-The question before the House was a question
of reference purely.
The second section of the bill undertook to settle
whethei the Supreme Court of the United States
should or should not have jurisdiction in certain
cases. Now, was not a question like this most
clearly ancl obviously a question for the Committee
on.the Judiciary? So far as he was personally
concerned, he had not cared one farthing whether
the bill went to his own committee or to any other;
but when the bill had actually been referred to
them, and an attempt was made to take it away
from their jurisdiction, it became his duty to show
that it was one which legitimately belonged to the
jurisdiction of that committee.
He argued this from the face of the bill, not from
the speeches which had been made in support of
its reference to a select committee. Matters had '
been introduced into those speeches which did not
app'ear on the face of the bill, and were not legiti-
mately connected with the question of reference.
If it was true, as alleged, that the district judges of
the court in this District had violated their duty,
they were impeachable,and ought to be impeached.
If Major Tochman would apply to the Secretary
of State, that officer would most assuredly do his
duty in the premises. A foreign minister, come
he from what court he might, who should dare to
attempt to perpetrate oppression here on an Amer-
ican citizen, native or naturalized, would be or-
dered out of the country in half an hour.
Mr. CCJMMINS was understood to say that;
application had been made to the Secretary, but
without effect.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL observed that if that were
so, and the Secretary refused to do his duty, the
Secretary himself was liable to impeachment: and
the, liability went still higher, for the President
"who should neglect or refuse to act in such a case,
would in like manner become impeachable.
Mr. PETTIT was understood to suggest that
possibly the Secretary's course was attributable to
jgnorance.
Mr. INGERSOLL said that still Major Toch-
man's remedy was against the Secretary, and not
in any alteration of our naturalization laws.
Mr. LEVfN here referred to a letter of Mr.
Bodisco, which stated that, owing to Major Toch-
man's political offences against the Russian Gov-
ernment, the Emperor could not recognize him as
the attorney for Kosciusko's heirs, and therefore
Mr. Bodisco asked that other attorneys might be
appointed. Was not this an oppressive inter-
ference with the rights of a naturalized American
citizen?
Mr. riNGrERSOLL said that was TVfr. Bodtsco's
awn affair; he knew nothing about it; he knew
only what this bill was; to this he confined his
argument; and from the face of the bill it was most
obvious that its proper reference was to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. A desultory conversation
here took place, in which Messrs. J. R. INGER-
SOLL, CUMMINS, and PETTIT took part,
•which was ended by Mr. "WHITE'S demanding
the previous question.
The House seconded the call, and the bill, by a
vote of yeas and nays, was asrain referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary: Yeas 76, nays 64.
PATENTS.
Mr. COLLAMER called up the motion he made
some days since, to reconsider the vote by which
was passed the "bill to provide for applications
for the renewal of patent rights in certain cases."
The question was puton reconsidering said vote, j|
and it was agreed to. A
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the vote by j
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed was jj
also reconsidered. jj
The bill then being before the House— jj
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend the same by j]
adding, at the end of the hill, the following: \
And all persons who shall, after such expiration, and be- }<
fore such extension, have ipnnufactured or put in use any 1
machine or "composition of mauer" secured by such patent,
their executors, administrators, or assigns, may continue
the use of said machine, or "composition of matter," aciu- jj
a)1y made durin? the period for and dorinjr said extended
term, bin no one shall make or put m use any such machine
or composition after t-uch renewal.
And if any person bhaH, before such rem-wal, or within
eighteen months before .*aid expiration, have nwrtc prepara-
tions specially for manufacturing such machine or 'f compo-
sition of matter," he may proceed in the same and carry on
the said manufacture during &aid extended term, on such
terms as he and the patentee may ayree upon, or as the dis-
trict court of the United States of the district where such ,
person so desiring to proceed in such manufacture resides,
on a petition of such person, to be filed within one year  Yom
the date of such extension, shall direct, which said court
are hereby directed and authorized to do.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill
ordered to be engrossed, and, being engrossed, was
read a third time and passed, and sent to the Senate
for concurrence.
Mr. HENLEY,from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies extra of the report on
the subject of the importation of adulterated drugs and med-
icines be printed for the use of this Housef.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr, VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The vote being taken, there were ayes 51, noes
31—not a quorum,
Mr. PETTIT moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was decided in the negative: Yeas
20, nays 125.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr,
Thompson, of Indiana, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill makingappropriafions
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
3848.
Mr, PETTIT, who was entitled to the floor,
declined to proceed, and it was obtained by
Mr, KAUFMAN, who occupied the allotted
hour in a prepared speech in defence of the course
of the present Administration relative to the Mex-
ican war, his argument being directed mainly to
the point, that the territory of Texas at the time of
annexation extended to the Rio Grande. [Thi3
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. PETTIT again obtained the floor, and, on
his motion, the committee rose and reported,
Mr. GREEN, from the select committee ap-
pointed to consider the various memorials to es-
tablish an additional land office in Missouri, re-
ported a bill to establish an additional land office
in th? State of Missouri. Read twice,
Mr. GREEN stated that the chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands [Mr, Collamer]
had examined the bill, and was not unfavorable to
its passage, and he hoped that the House would
suffer it to pass at this time.
Mr. VINTON said that the hill might be very
proper and very just, but he did not approve of !
putting bills so fast through the House; it estab- '
lished a bad precedent. Mr. V. moved the com-
mitment of the bill. Before the question was
taken—
On motion ofMr,HOLMES,ofSouth Carolina,
it was ordered that when the House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet to-morrow morningat nine o'clock.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, asked leave to
offer a resolution providing that on and after Mon-
daynext,no member shall occupy more than twen-
ty minutes in debate on any of the appropriation
bills in Committee of the Whole.
Objected to, and not received.
And then the House adjourned,
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 5, 1848.
The following memorials and petitions were pre-
sented and appropriately referred:
By Mr. CLARKE: Resolutions of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Rhode Island in favor of abol-
ishing slavery in the District of Columbia, or an
act for the immediate removal of the seat of Gov-
ernment to some free State.
By Mr. BORLAND: From citizens of Arkan-
sas in favor of purchasing Mount Vernon by the
General Government.
By Mr. BENTON: From citizens of Cape
Girardeau, Missouri, in favor of the location of a
Western Armory at that place.
By Mr. DOWNS: From R. W. Richardson,
asking confirmation of a tract of land,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, without amendment, House bill to
attach a portion of the Northwestern Land District
of Louisiana to the district west of Red river.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the bill was con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole by unanimous
consent, read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to increase
the medical corps of the navy of the United States^
which was read a third time by unanimous consent*
and passed. %
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
to contract for lithographing and printing 20,copies  f J.
G. Fremont's map of Oregon and California, reduced from
the originals according to the projection to be furnished by
the said J. C Fremont.
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
the ^ame number of copies of J. C. Fremont's geographical
memoir on Upp^r California, the m.iiiuscripi andprintingof
said memoir to be subject to the revision and correction of
ihe author.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved to post-
pone the previous orders, and take up the bill to
carry into effect certain provisions in the treaty
between the United States and China«and the Otto-
man Porte, giving certain judicial powers to min-
isters and consuls of the United States in those
countries.
After a brief colloquy, in wh-ich Messrs. DA-
VIS of Massachusetts, BUTLER, and WEST-
COTT, took part, the question was taken by yeas
and nays, and decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Arherfon, Badger, Baldwin,
Berrien, Butler, Davis of Mu-^aehusett**, Dovu «, Hunter,
Miilei, Niles, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upbam, and Webster
—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Borland, Bradbury. Breese, Cal-
houn. Cameron, Davis of Mississippi,-Da\ too, Dickinson*
Di.\, Felch, Lewis, Kusk, Sebastian, Turney, Westeott, and
Yuiee—17.
Mr. BADGER, then moved to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution submitted by him
relating to the printing of 20,000 copies of a certain
portion of the report of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, on which some debate ensued^ but before any
question was taken, the Senate adjourned to Thurs-
day.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 6, 1843.
Pursuant to its order of yesterday, the House
met at nine o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday having been read, the
House adjourned until Friday next.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 8, 1848.
The reading of the Journal was dispensed with,
on motion of Mr. MANGUM, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness. After a short time, the doors were reopened-,
when
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of Gas-
pard Tochman, praying for the passage of an
act authorizing a change of the venue of ceitain
suits now pending before the United States district
court of the District of Columbia, to the United
States district court of Maryland.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of Maria
Caldwell Robertson, representative of James Cald-
well, deceased, praying the payment of certain out-
standing loan office certificates.
Mr.PEARCE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the followingjoint
resolution, which was read a first time :
A RESOLUTION to authorize and require a renewal of a
contract for raming the mail.
Ee it resolved, fa.,'Vh&i the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized and required to renew the engage- ,
ment Heretofore existing for the transportation of the gn at
southern and northern mail by the Richmond, Fredericks-
