1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823'
burjj, arid Potomac Railroad and Steamboat Company, at
a price not greater than that which was paid by the pres-
ent Postmaster General for the transportation of said mail
up to the month of July, 1847.
Mr. MASON, from the Joint Committee on the
Library, reported a bill authorizing the purchase
and publication of the papers and manuscripts of
the iate Thomas Jefferson; which was read a first
time.
Mf. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported, without amendment,
the following; House bills:
An act for the relief of Hannah Yarrington.
An act for the relief of Anna Griffin, of Wyoming
county, New York.
An act granting a pension to Ruth Hallenback.
An act for the relief of Eliza A. Mellen.
An act for the relief of William H. Wilson.
An act for the relief of Amos Ball.
An act for the relief of Maurice R. Simmons.
An act for the relief of Henry N. Halsted.
An act for the relief of John Farnham.
An act for the relief of Andrew Flanegan.
An act for the relief of William Gott.
An act for the lelief of Catharine Hoffman.
An act for the relief of iMary Pike.
An act for the relief of Gideon A. Perry.
An act for the relief of Joseph Taylor.
An act for the relief of Henry W. Thompson.
An act for the relief of John Haup.
An act making appropriations for the payment
of navy pensions for the year ending 30th June,
1849.
A joint resolution relative to evidence in appli-
cations for pensions.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the same com-
mittee was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the act for the relief of Robert Ramsey; an
act for the relief of W. Butler; and the report of
the Secretary of the Navy conccrning papers filed
by Mary Cassin, in her application for a pension;
and they were respectively referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Alfairs.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following bills, which were
read a first time:
A bill for the relief of Charity Herrington; and
A bill for the relief of William L. Wigens.
The Senate then adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 9, 3848.
• The Journal of Tuesday was read and approved.
Mr. Mason C. Darling, a Representative from
the State of Wisconsin, appeared this day, was
sworn to support the Constitution of the United
States, and took a seat in the House.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
?The House proceeded to the consideration of
the regular order of business, being the consider-
ation of private business. The bills for the relief
of Peter Schaffer, and for the relief of William De
Buys, late postmaster at New Orleans, which had
been laid over from last week, were severally an-
nounced by the Chair as the business first in order;
and the gentlemen having charge of the same not
being present, they were again informally laid
over.
The SPEAKER then announced as the next
question in order, to reconsider the vote by which
Senate bill directing the proper officers of the treas-
ury to settle the claim of Joseph Nourse was passed
by the House. The member who made the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which said bill was
passed not being at the moment in his seat, it was
informally passed over.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said, in order to
ascertain if members enough were present compe-
tent to do business, he asked for tellers.
They were ordered, and, on a count, there were
ayes 71, noes 15—not a quorum.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and leferred:
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The petition of sundry citi-
zens of Randolph counts*, Illinois, and of Perry county, Mis-
souri, pravmg the establishment of a mail route from Chester,
in Randolph county, Illinois, to Perryville, in Perry county,
Missouri.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky: The petition of Jo-
seph D. Ward, praying an additional pension, he having faith-
fully served as a ncn-eomtnissidned officer up to and during
the Inttle of Buena Vista, in which engagement he was
literally shot to pieces, and thereby rendered perfectly help-
less.
By Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of D. Nash, coroner of
Norfolk county, Virginia, and committer of the estate of
Thomas Bressie, deceased, praying for half-pay for revolu-
tionary services of the said Bressie.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 10,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, by general con-
sent, offered the following preamble and resolution,
which were read and agreed to:
Wherea* it is the practice of the district and circuit courts
of the United State* to permit the institution of &,uits agam«t
the legal representatives of deceased persons before the
period prescribed by the State statutes for commencing suits
has elapsed, thereby giving to plaintiffs in the United States
courts an undue advantage over those in the State courts:
Therefoie.
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of so arnendmg^he law as to
torbid the institution of suits against the representatives of
deceased persons in tiie courts of the United States until
&UC h time as, by the State laws, such suit might be instituted
in the State courts
RAILROAD MONOPOLY.
Mr. TALLMADGE, on leave given, presented
the memorial of a large number of merchants of the
city of New York, asking the interposition of Con-
gress in relieving them and the community at large
from the effects of a monopoly granted by the gov-
ernment of the State of New Jersey to the Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company and the Delaware
and Raritan Canal Company, two companies com-
posed, as he whs informed, of the same individuals,
or principally so.
The memorial sets forth that, in 183£, a grant
was made by the Legislature of New Jersey to
those companies, investing them with the exclusive
right of transporting passengers and goods by rail-
road or canal through the State of New Jersey,
with a clause in the law granting these extraordi-
nary power3, which prohibits the, exercise of such
right by any other person or persons, unless by the
consent, not of the Legislature of New Jersey, but
of those companies. It was not (Mr. T. said) a
little remarkable, that, for this exclusive grant to
those individuals, (he State received a direct bonus
from them, consisting of a certain number of shares
of the stock of those companies, together with a
provision in the law requiring the companies to
pay into the treasury of the State ten cents upon
every passenger that was conveyed through the
State on the railroad or canal, and eight cents upon
every ton of merchandise, coal, &c., that was con-
veyed on the canal.
In 1837, by another law of New Jersey, those
companies were authorized to demand and receive
from each passenger conveyed across the State of
New Jersey on the railroad, if in the night, the sum
of five dollars, and if by daylight, the sum of four
dollars; the same-law requiring the companies to
pay into the Stale treasury the one-half of the pas-
sage-money thus received, after retaining three
dollars for the use of the company.
No legal restriction existed in regard to the
charge which these companies might make for the
transportation of the great Southern mail to and
from the cities of New York and Philadelphia,
while the laws of New Jersey prohibit every pos-
sible competition in the conveyance of the mail by
railroad between those two cities. The Govern-
ment was subject, in this particular, to the will,
and possibly the exorbitant demands of these
companies; and Mr. T. understood that complaints
had heretofore been made, in this particular, by
the Post Office Department.
Congress had the power by the Constitution t( to
establish post offices and post roads," and that
power had been exercised both in Maryland and
'Virginia, and the memorialists Rsk that it may be
interposed in this case by Government, for the
double purpose of effecting greatereconomy as well
as producing greater speed in the transmission of
the mail on this important route.
By the present arrangement, the great southern
mail was now detained in Philadelphia from about
two o'clock in the morning until nine o'clock,
arriving in New York about two o'clock, p. m.,
when it should be there by eight to nine o'clock
in the morning. This delay in the transmission
of the mail from Philadelphia to New York was a
source of great inconvenience to the commercial
community, and was utterly inexcusable; but they
and the Government must submit to it, because the
railroad company would consult alone their inter-
est and convenience, by despatching their cars at
an hour when they could best securc a large num-
ber of passengers, and the laws of New Jersey
prohibited the formation of any other railroad for
the transmission of the mail or more speedy con-
veyance of passengers, except with the consent of
the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company.
But, Mr. Speaker, (continued Mr. T.,) another
very singular, and, in my judgment, unconstitu-
tional provision, is incorporated into the laws
granting these special privileges to those compa-
nies: I mean the discrimination which these laws
contemplate and permit between residents and non-
residents of the State of New Jersey who travel
these roads. These laws authorize the compa-
nies to demand and receive from strangers or others
passing through the State, a sum not exceeding
five dollars if in the night, or four dollars if by-
daylight, and restrict the companies from demand-
ing over three cents per mile to any way passen-
ger, even if he passes from one extremity of the
State to the other. At that rate of charge, if the
same law was applicable to the eptire route from
New York to Philadelphia, estimating the distance
at eighty-five miles, the traveller from city to city
would be subject to an expense of only $2 55,
while the company demand at this time, for that
distance, the sum of four dollars from those pass-
ing over the enthe road.
The Constitution of the United States provides
that "the citizens of each State shall be entitled
to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in
the several Stales;" and yet, by the le^ws of New
Jersey, persons passing through that State on their
railroad are required to pay a transit duty •of from
ten cents to one dollar, at the discretion of the pro-
prietors of these roads, to enrich the treasury of
the State. This law, then, in its design and opera-
tion, discriminates between the citizens of other
States passing through New Jersey and the citi-
zens of New Jersey J" who are denominated way
passengers—the law in the one case requiring the
payment of five cents per mile, and in the other
not to cxceed three cents per mile.
Our Constitution does not authorize the imposi-
tion of a transit duty by any State upon passen-
gers or freight passing through it; and the law of
New Jersey, discriminating between the citizens
of other States and their own, is clearly unconsti-
tutional/ I might also allude to a similar imposi-
tion that it is said is practised by these companies
in regard to the transmission of freight through
their canal, which is a most odious monopoly,
operating very injuriously upon the commerce of
the two principal cities of this Union, as well as
upon other portions of the country which are con-
nected in,business with those cities.
Upon another and more appropriate occasion, I
will present this subject for the consideration of the
House in a more extended form, and with the
necessary statistics. At present, my object in
rising was merely to invoke the particular attention
of the House, and especially of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, to the urgent and
important character of this memorial, to whom I
move its reference.
Mr. GOGGIN inquired of the gentleman from
New York if that petition did not contemplate the
: making of a road by the General Government for
! the transportion of the mail?—if that was not its
1 object?
I Mr. TALLMADGE replied, that the memo-
i rialists asked for any relief which thi3 Government
I might afford them.
, Mr. GOGGIN understood that this was the ob-
! ject of the petition, and, if so, it should be referred
: to the Committee on Roads and Canals, if referred
1 at all. The Committee on the Post Office and Post
I Roads had nothing whatever to do with the making
: of a road for the carrying of the mail,
j Mr. TALLMADGE said, the memorial asked
i relief from a double oppression—that upon persons
I passing through the State, and upon the transpoit-
! ation of the mail. _ ,
I No objection having been made to the reception
■ of the memorial— . .
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
on the motion to refer to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
