1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
company, of which one was his, had left Hampton
Roads, and in less than six hours a violent storm
arose, and all their- crews perished in the ocean,
and their bodies were some of them now buried
in the gentleman's own district.
Had they known what we now know, they had
not been lost. Had it been known to our gallant
officers of the Hornet that perished in the Gulf
stream, their bones would not now have been
bleaching in the caves of ocean. Six years ago,
the present Commissioner of Patents, who was
always known for the care with which he guarded
the treasury, and himself, had stood side by side
on this floor and obtained this appropriation, sus-
tained then by friends on this side and on that side,
friends of humanity and science; and he tiusted
there would be enough of them to sustain this ap-
propriation now, notwithstanding the ridicule of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and
the " progressive Democracy*' of his friend from
Virginia. He belonged to the "progressive De-
mocracy," but he wished also to see science, hu-
manity, everything good progress; and for this
reason he hoped this appropriation would be re-
tained. It was to carry on experiments aheady
begun, some of which were immature, and would
be productive of no good unless further prosecuted.
He concluded by withdrawing the amendment.
Mr. ROOT moved to amend by striking out
$2,000, and inserting $3,000. He said he thought
this House had better keep on the right side of
Professor Espy. [A laugh.] No doubt but what
he understood a great deal he professed to; no
doubt there was truth in his system, and that a
scientific man, if he had time, could convince a
large majority of this House of that fact. He be-
lieved he himself might do it; but five minutes
was not time enough for him to undertake it. He
would just quote a fact upon this Democracy—
this stationary Democracy. At the first session of
the last Congress this appropriation was asked by
Professor Espy; the stationary Democracy had a
large majority on this floor; they calmly struck it
out. Professor Espy, who was near at hand, did
not say much; he shook his head. What was the
consequence? The very next election [laughter]
in Pennsylvania and Ohio gave them such a storm
[renewed laughter] as " knocked them into a
cocked hat." That ihestationary Democracy could
understand; it was no theory. He commended
it to the consideration of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia and the rest of the stationary Democracy.
Now, another thing that perhaps ought to be
noticed as a matter for congratulation. In old John
Quincy Adams's time, the "Democracy" were
against light-houses in the skies; they had no incli-
nation to look that way [a laugh] at all. But he
thanked God they had begun to look up: the old
stagers, like his friend from Virginia, still had their
heads earthward, [laughter,] but the young De-
mocracy, like his friend from Tennessee, were
looking heavenward. [Renewed laughter.] They
talked about making calculntions, reducing obser-
vations to practical use. This spoke well for the
country.
If he thought the committee would sustain it he
would adhere to his amendment; but as he be-
lieved there was a disposition to compromise by
letting it stand as it was, he withdrew it.
iVlr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (an amend-
ment was moved for the purpose and withdrawn,)
expressed the opinion that this question was not
placed on its proper basis. He believed they should
strike out this appropriation, because he did not
think it the duty of Congress to establish any office
or appoint any officers for the purpose of scientific
experiments. No one contended that they should
establish a professorship of chemist'i-y, although
many valuable improvements might be made. Our
Observatory was kept up by the officers of the
navy; but here was a proposition to employ men
who were not in the service of the Government for
this specific purpose. If no additional expense
were to be incurred he should not object to the
plan, but he hoped the appropriation would be
stricken out.
The Committee then rose, and the House ad-
journed.  
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the lule, and referred :
Bv Mr. TALLMA.DG13: The resolution of the Common
Council of the city of New York for a retuin of duties on
goods consumed by fire on the 9th of July, 1845. Also, the
pennon of the heirs of Captain David "Van Ness for compen-
sation for revolutionary seivices.
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of G. W. Perkins and 15
others^, citizens of Meriden, Connecticut, praung for an in-
Vf>tig;utun into the legality of slavery in the United Suites.
Also, the petition ol Benjamin W.itson for a pension. Also,
the petition of William Brown and 21 others, citizens o{
Winnebago county, Illinois, praying that a l<iw may be
p.issed inhibiting slavery m the Territories of the United
States.
By Mr. RUMSEY : The petition of W. Barnes and 102
other*, citizens of Steuben county, New York, ptaying for
the passage of a law that newspapers be free of postage for
thirty mile'-, and for a uniform rate of postage on letters.
By Mr. FREEDLEY . Tho petition for a mail route fiom
Norrisrown via Jefi'ersnnville, Shannonville, and Lumber-
viile, toPlicenixvilJe, in Pennsylvania.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 12, 1848.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the 31st ultimo, all the correspond-
ence not heretofore communicated between the
Secretary of State and the minister of the United
States at Paris since the recent change in the Gov-
ernment of France. Five thousand additional
copies were oidered to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the credentials of
Mr. Hannibal Hamlin, of Maine, elected by the
Legislature of that State to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of Mr. John Fairfield.
Mr. Hamlin, after having been duly qualified,
took his seat.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication frpm the Department of
War, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 28th of April last, in regaid to the expenses of
the armories, cost of arms, quantity of arms made,
procured, sold, &c., covering a report of the in-
formation required, derived from the Ordnance
Office. The document was ordered to be printed
arid laid on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition from D.
G. Ingraham, asking payment of a balance due
for the manuscript papers of his father, Joseph
Ingraham, furnished to the Department of State;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of'Maryland, presented a me-
morial from the officers of the regiment of volun-
teers from the District of Columbia and Maryland,
denying certain allegations contained in the memo-
rial of Charles Lee Jones to Congress, and solicit-
ing an investigation of the same; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
I George C. De Kay, asking reimbursement of
moneys expended by him while engaged in trans-
porting provisions to Ireland in the United States
frigate Macedonian; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a petition
from James Ferrell, asking an increase of pension;
which was refencd to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
Isaac Davenport, asking for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. B. also presented a petition frum Nathan
Worthen, in lelation to a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. B. also presented a petition from John Reed
and others, citizens of M.wne, asking the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Mexico, through
Roxbury, to Byron, in that State; which was re-
j ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
I Roads.
j Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from
I George Colee P. Martin, of Picolata, Florida, for |
increase of compensation; which was referred to >
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, j
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from citi- i
zens of Trenton, New Jersey, asking the removal j
of an obstruction in the river Delaware, which en- i
ables the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company 1
to have a complete monopoly of trade and travel
above said obstructions; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
[These memorialists express the belief that the
obstruction can be removed for §10.000, which
i would prevent the monopoly which enables it to
j charge at least six times as much as the pro rata
i rate between the city of Trenton and Burlington
i and Bristol as it does between Bristol and Burling-
ton and the city of Philadelphia, between which
latter places competition does exist.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported House bill grantinga
pension to John Le Roy, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of transferring to the
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives all the duties <uiU pmveis now vested in oi exer-
cised by the Commissioner of Public Building.*, so far as
respects the Capitol and the grounds appertaining to the
same, and the persons therein employed.
Mr. B. also submitted the following resolution;
Resolved, That there be piinted for t'>e use of the Senate
 copip* of Rxeeutive document Nn. 60, of ihe of
Representatives, of the present session, for the use of the
Senate, without the Mexican war correspondence.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Sennte be authorized
to pay out of the contingent fund of the Senate to Charles
L. Fleisciimann &ueh sum as the Commissioner of Patents
mny certify as reasonable, and the Committee of the Con-
tingent Fund may approve of, for finishing the drawings and
engravings for the publication, by order ot the Senate, of the
Patent Office leport.
Mr. WEBSTER desired to give notice that he
would to-morrow ask leave to introduce " A bill
to extend the benefits of an act entitled ■ An act to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and to
repeal the acts heretofore passed on that subject,'
to the wivds and children of citizens."
The bill provides that all persons now or here-
after born out nf the limits of the United States, of
a father or mother being or having been a natural-
born citizen of the United States, shall be entitled
to all the rights and privileges of citizenship; also,
that every woman married, or who shall be mar-
ried, to a citizen of the United States shall be deemed
and taken to be a citizen, and entitled to all the
rights and privileges of citizenship.
Mr. YULEE moved to postpone the prior orders
with a view to take up two bills, viz: "A bill to in-
crease the efficiency of the army by a retired list
for disabled officers/'and " A bill to promote the effi-
ciency of the navy," for the purpose of referring
them to a select committee, in order fhat they might
be embraced in a single bill.
The motion havingbeen agreed to, Mr. Y. moved
that thev be referred to a select committee.
Mr. WEBSTER adverted to the fact tha't alarg-e
branch of the military forces would be disbanded
on the proclamation of peace by the President,
under the act of February, 1847. There were also
other questions before the Senate touching thesub*
ject of raising a new mounted regiment for the pro-
tection of the people of Oregon. Part of the present
force might be employed for that purpose, and save
the necessity of creating a new force.
Messrs. YULEE and DAVIS, of Mississippi,
replied that the bills in question did not touch the
suhjcct of increascor diminution of force, butsim-
ply to provide for a retired list.
After some further remarks, the subject was laid
over.
The resolution offered some days since by Mr.
BADGER, was taken up for consideration, on his
motion. The resolution directs the printing of
20,000 copies of the agricultural portion of the re-
port of the Commissioner of Patents, for the use
of the Senate.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out 20,000, and inserting 50,000,
and by adding at the close, " and 5,000 of the other
portion of the report, including the patent laws and
decisions, 1,000 copies of each to be placed in the
hands of the Commissioner of Patents for distti-
bution."
Mr. CALHOUN asked for the yeas and nays
on this motion,and assigned as his reasons for the
call, his unwillingness to sanction this practice of
expending huge sums in printing a document
which could not be relied on for its correct-
ness, on account of the impossibility of obtaining
satisfactory data. He regarded the proper duties
of the office as sufficient to occupy the whole time
of the Commissioner. And if details such as this
resolution proposed to throw before the PeoP'®
were to be collected, the duties of the office should
be separated, and two distinct departments estab-
lished. If we want a department for our internal
affairs, be it so. But he objected to the course
which had been recently introduced of throwing
this mass of unnecessary labor on the Commis-
sioner, and of authorizing large and improper ex-
penditures.
