1848.
Mr. COCKE (at whose request Mr. J. W.
Jones withdrew the motion to lay on the table)
having1 made the report from the committee, en-
tered into an explanation of his action, and ex-
pressed a hope that the House would not recon-
sider the vote by which the report and resolution
were referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. He hoped the matter would
come properly before the committee for considera-
tion. Some time ago, a resolution passed this
House directing the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions to inquire into the expediency of extend-
ing the pension laws to all widows married subse-
quent to the 1st of January, 1794, and prior to the
1st of January, 1818. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions having considered the question
thus presented, reported against such an extension
of these laws. They thought there was no reason
for their extension, but that there was cause for lim-
iting the laws to those who were married prior to the
1st of January, 1794. The committee thought that
if they were extended beyond the period now fixed,
there was no good reason why they should be lim-
ited to 1800, 1812, 1818, or any other time which
had been suggested. The object was to provide
pensions for all those who had shared in the revo-
lutionary struggle, and hence pensions had been
provided for those widows who were married to
revolutionary soldiers prior to the 1st of January,
1794. It was supposed ihat that period closed, not
only the revolutionary struggle, but those Indian
wars which gre w out of it. The unsettled state of
the country prior to that time, required the services
of all, for all served and all suffered to some extent
in that struggle and the struggles which grew out
of it, and all married during that time were deemed
entitled to the relief .afforded by the provisions of 1
these laws.
He repeated that the object was to provide pen-
sions for all those who shared in the toils of the
Revolution, and the consequent Indian wars. There
was good reason, then, for fixing that limit at the
1st of January, 1794, from which time all the diffi-
culties were supposed to be settled. But, if pen-
sions were to be granted to those subsequently
married; if the period was tfpbe changed to 1800;
why should it not be extended to 1805-8-10, or
even to 1830 ? Why should not pensions be granted
even to those married at the present period? He
knew not how a limit could be fixed that would
not be partial and invidious. As he had shown,
there was reason for fixing the limit at 1794, and
that limit has heretofore been acquiesccd in by
Congress, and no good reason had been shown for
•extending the provisions of those laws at this time.
This was the opinion of the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, and hence a resolution had
been reported declaring it to be inexpedient to ex-
tend those provisions, which he hoped the House
would sustain by refusing to adopt this motion to
reconsider. As the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Pollock] had been heard in support of his
motion, there would be no injustice in now moving
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table, and he
made that motion accordingly.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE (at whose request the
motion to lay on the table was withdrawn) said,
as one, of the committee, he wished to reply very
briefly to the remarks of his honorable friend from
Tennessee, the chairman of the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions. The question, as the gentle-
man says, had been before the committee, and'had
been fully examined. A majority were against
any extension of the limitation of marriage as now
fixed by law. It was due to the House and to the
subject to say, that the committcc were about
equally divided, as nearly so as was possible.
Mr. COCKE rose to a question of order. It was
not in order to refer to what had been done in the
standing committees. He was well aware that the
decision m committee was not unanimous, but the
majority decided in favor of the resolution, and the
majority of course controlled the committee.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE. That may be so, but
.the gentleman spoke in general terms of the action
of the committee, and his rematks were calculated j
to leave the impression on the House that the com-
mittee were unanimous. I desire to correct tins
impression; and with the view of showing what
were the views of the minority, 1 desire the Clerk
to read a report which I had the honor to present
to the House at the time the gentleman fiom Ten-
nessee reported this resolution.
Objection was made to the reading of the report.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
Mr.S. LAWRENCE. Then 1 adopt it as part
of ray remarks.
The CJerk then read the report.
Mr. COCKE asked Mr. L. to consent to have
the report of the majority of the committee also
read. It was very short; and, as the gentleman
j had read one side, it was fair he should now pre-
sent the other.
Mr. Lawrence assenting, this report was also
j read.
i Mr. LAWRENCE then resumed his remarks,
| and said he would not detain the House but a few
j moments, as they were anxious to take the ques-
! tion. Since the attention of the House and the
I country had been called to this subject by the pub-
1 lication of the reports which had been read, he
had received numerous letters, from various parts
of the Union, especially from the North and West,
approving, in strong terms, the measure proposed
by the minority of the committee. Indeed, Mr.
Speaker, (said Mr. L.,) I believe there is a very
general wish, especially at the North and West,
for the success of the proposition. Nothing would
give more general satisfaction than to see these
aged matrons, many of whom are standing upon
the very borders of the grave, provided for m such
manner as to relieve them from the pressing hand
of poverty and want, under which very many of
them are suffering.
The gentleman says the Government have gone
to the utmost extent to which they should go in
their liberality with the revolutionary soldier and
his widow. Sir, I think otherwise; the public
generally think otherwise; and if we obey the
public voice, we shall extend the limitation of
marriage so as to include at least all such as were
participators in the trying scenes of the Revolu-
tion. We have grown up to a great, prosperous,
and wealthy people, and we are inclined to forget,
| oveilook, and not appreciate, the hardships and
j sufferings of our fathers and mothers who passed
S through the trying ordeal. Sir, our independence
i was not achieved by the strong arms of our fathers
1 alone. Our mothers acted quite as important a
part in the great drama, which surprised the world,
and which, in fact, laid the foundation of a free
system of government which is destined to over-
turn the ancient dynasties of the Old World.
The tottering and fall of monarchies and despot-
isms, which almost daily reacli us from the dis-
tant quarters of the globe, are all, directly or
indirectly, traceable to our free republican Govern-
ment, which was founded by the toil, suffering,
and blood of our ancestors.
The gentleman says the distinction heretofore
adopted is the true limit, and to extend it would
be improper.
Sir, I think he is incorrect. The limitation is
an arbitrary one, without a single well-founded
reason to uphold it; and I apprehend the reason
why the period of marriage was limited to Janu-
ary 1, 1794, was the fear of bringing into the
range of the law a greater number than the Gov-
ernment had means at that time to provide for,
without detriment to other interests; in other
words, of drawing too largely from the treasury.
.This might be a penny-wise conclusion. It may
now be satisfactory to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, but it is no reason at all for me.
It is, in my judgment, dealing outthe most gross
injustice to one of the most deserving and praise-
worthy classes of our community—a class to whom
we are quite as deeply indebted as to the revolu-
tionary soldier. Sir, let mc illustrate, by refer-
ence to a case within my own knowledge.
A family of some eight or ten in number, resided
on the frontier; the father was engaged in the field
as an officer of the continental line; the sons, who
were old enough, were also in the service; a hus-
band of one of the daughters, who was also in the
service, was taken prisoner by the Indians, carried
to Montreal, made his escape, and, after suffering
incredible hardship, reached his family, but was
soon after again captuied, aud tomahawked. The
mother and family left at home were twice driven
from their homes by the savage yell, and escaped
only with their lives, and from the hills saw their
house and barns, with the hard earnings of a sum-
mer's toil, and their entire all, except what few
clothes they had on, burned to theground or carried
off. Their whole dependance for an approaching-
winter was swept away, and indescribable sullering
followed. Several of the brothers fell in the san-
guinary battles with the Indians and Tories. One I
of these daughters, old enough to share in all the&e
deprivations, afterwards became the companion
j and partner of a soldier who had served through
1 the war. After his death, she became the wife of
a second soldier of the war. She has survived both,
and is now dependant upon the charity of the
public. She has no legal claim upon the Govern-
ment, because she was not married prior to the
period fixed ty the present law—a limitation which
my friend from Tennessee thinks just and equita-
ble, and which he says should be'adheied to.
Sir, this is gross injustice, and should be at once
lemedied. Either exclude all, or admit all—cer-
tainly those who were partakers of the severe trials
of those dark and gloomy times. It is a fact, which
has probably been observed by all, that a long
service in the army of the Revolution incapacitated
many of the soldiers from ever becoming wealthy:
the best portion of their lives was devoted to their
country's service. They were poorly paid, or not
paid at all—Government money proving worth-
less. These widows have aided and assisted these
veterans onward through life, and have rendered
important aid and comfort, and smoothed their
pathway to the grave. They are, therefore, doubly
entitled to our consideration: first, for the service
rendered their brothers ant! fathers in time of the
war, in supporting and sustaining the family at
home, while the soldier was in the camp, and fight-
ing for our very existence; second, for the valuable
service rendered the soldier in after life. Neither
the gentleman nor the country need be alarmed at
the magnitude of the addition which this will make
to the pension list. It may add 5,000 to the list,
bringing up the number to 28,000, and inciease
the expense $300,000; but what is this, in offset, to
the great amount of comfort and happiness which
would be imparted to a venerated class of a former
: age, who are yet lingering among us, although
] upon the verge of the grave, and many of whom
i are m indigent circumstances ? Death is daily thin-
I ning their ranks, and a very few years more will
1 remove them all to that bourne from whence none
return.
We have magnanimously voted $25,000 to the
aged and respected widow of one of our ex-Presi-
dents. This assumed the form of consideration
fpr valuable manuscripts, but I regarded it as sub-
stantially a gratuity, and certainly none couid
grudge the boon. But, sir, what an amount of
happiness would a similar sum have imparted, dis-
tributed, as is proposed in this bill, among the
widows of the poor soldiers?
Are we less indebted to the soldier who bore the
musket on the bloody fields of the revolutionary
struggle, or to their widows, who shared then-
dangers and toils, than to our statesmen, who
have rendered ever so valuable service in the coun-
cil chamber? I admit the obligation of the coun-
try to see that both are provided for; but I insist
that the aged partner of the revolutionary soldier
should not be forgotten while we are dealing so
liberally with those in the higher walks of life,
however deserving.
The consideration for a pension, or gratuity, is
always founded upon important services rendered
the Government in military or other employments.
Who will say that in the case before us we have
not the most ample consideration? Our Govern-
ment has adopted a pension system, which has
been in operation since the days of Mr. Monroe,
who recommended it in 1817; in 1818, the first
general law granting pensions to revolutionary sol-
diers was passed, and, under the different laws pro-
viding for revolutionary soldiers and their widows,
the Government has paid the sum of $43,968,700
46; other pensions, $16,000,553 64; making a total
of $59,969,254 10. The invalid pension system
dates back to 1791. The highestsum paid to rev-
olutionary pensioners was in 1833, and amounted
to $4,294,861 12. The last year (1847) there was
paid to this class of pensioners §1,148,378 81.
From this statement it will be readily seen that the
list is rapidly diminishing, notwithstanding the
additions that have been made from time to time.
It will still continue to diminish, if this bill repott-
ed by the minority should become a law, and, as I
have already said, would in a few short years en-
tirely disappear.
I am aware that this sixty millions paid to our
pensioners looks like a large sum; but who will
say that we, as a people, are any the poorer for
having discharged this debt of gratitude, so richly
merited? Who could wish to recall it? Who
