1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
like character. He urged on the House the jus-
tice of the claims of the officers and seamen of the
vessels named in the amendment.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting after the word " Shark" the word
" Somers."
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved an amendment,
to obtain the opportunity to say a few words,
which lie withdrew when he concluded. He said,
in the American service there was no law autho-
rizing the payment of indemnities for losses by
officers and seamen of ships of war. In the Brit-
ish service provision was made, and a pro rata
scale of remuneration established, by which the
Admiralty remunerated the sufferers. He desired
to call the attention of the committee particularly
to this fact. It was part of the discipline of a ship
of war, that when a ship was on fire, or in danger
of being wrecked, the officers and crew were not
permitted under any circumstances to take any
measures for the preservation of their own prop-
erty; and, consequently, when the Missouri was
lost by fire in the Bay of Gibraltar, her crew, as
in alt such cases, were beat to quarters; not a man
was permitted to take the slightest thing of his
own, or to make any attempt to save anything be-
longing to him. All the exertions of the officers
and crew were directed to the saving of the ship,
and not until the ship was beyond all hope of pres-
ervation, were they permitted even to save their
lives—riot even unul there was danger of the ship
being blown up by the explosion of the magazine.
And so it was when the Peacock was lost, the
officers and crew not being permitted to leave the
ship until she was actually going to pieces; those
who were the last to leave being exposed to im-
minent peril of their lives, and actually escaping
without a second suit of clothes to their backs.
The Naval Committee have had this subject under
consideration, and they approved of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] The committee had not been able to
establish a pro rata amount to be paid in futuie
cases, but they had come to the conclusion that
the amount proposed to be paid by the amendment
was fair and equitable, and future cases they
intended to provide for by a bill to be hereafter
introduced. He hoped the amendment would be
adopted. It was due to the officers and seamen
who had suffered such imminent perils and priva-
tions.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to amend the
amendment by inserting " the steamer Caroline,
and all steamboats lost on the Ohio and Mississip-
pi rivers."
Mr. KING said he should be willing to have all
such cases provided for, but they should be charged
to the proper quarter. But the amendment was
not now in order, because those steamboats were
not in the naval service of the United States.
Mr. RICHARDSON replied that the steamer
Caroline was 111 the service of the United States.
Many of the steamers lost on the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers were employed in carrying the
mails, and consequently they were in the employ-
merit of the Government.
Mi*. SCHENCK said this was a naval service
bill, and vessels engaged in carrying the mall could
not be said to be in the naval service of the United
States.
Mr. GENTRY begged to suggest to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] that he might
accomplish his object by getting a liberal appro-
priation for removing the snags out of the Ohio and
Mississippi riveis.
The CIIAIR intimated that gentlemen were not
in order in debating an amendment which was it-
self not in order. He did not understand the gen-
tleman from Illinois to desire to make provision for
vessels in the naval service.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he would inquire if
steamboats could be in the land service? [Laugh-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN said he did not undertake to
decide constitutional questions. [Renewed laugh-
t&r. 1
Mr. GENTRY submitted to the gentleman from
Illinois that he should ask for an appropriation of
0500,0110 to clear out all obstructions from naviga-
ble streams of the United States.
The CHAIR decided that such an amendment
would be out of order.
Some other conveisation ensued, and then the
amendment of Mr. Richardson was regected.
Mr. I.E. HOLMES (havingobtained the floor
to explain an amendment which he subsequently
withdrew) advocated the adoption of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.]
In reference to the object contemplated by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] he said
he hoped tjie gentleman from Illinois would not aid
in continuing the neglect of those in the naval ser-
vice because the western country had met with
neglecC He (Mr. Holmes) was opposed to internal
improvements generally, but he granted that the
western country had been neglected by Congress.
There had been great losses sustained, of the cause
of which, in those western rivers down which the
great argosies of the West floated, there was reason
for complaint, and at the proper time he would give
his assistance to clear out those waters. But he
repeated, he hoped, because the gentleman from
Illinois found evils in the rivers to correct for which
no adequade provision had been made, that he
would not object to the correction of evils on the
ocean. In this case, equity demanded that those
in the service of the United States, who were com-
mitted to the charge of the Government, and who
dared not disobey when in peril on the ocean, to
save their own property and preserve their own
lives, should be indemnified by Congress. They
were obliged to attend to the saving of the ship,
the property of this Government, in the midst of
excitement, and alarm, and danger, and consterna-
tion, which were attendant on the loss of such
vessels. They were obliged to neglect the pres-
ervation of their own property to save that of the
Government under which they serve; and would
the gentleman from Illinois see them sink down
and be ingulfed in povei ty without lending a single
hand to save them? He trusted there would be felt
a generous emotion, and that there would be gen-
erous action for those men who have lost their all
in the service of the country.
Mr. GREEN pointed out the necessity of some
further amendment in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Suhknuk,] so as to pre-
ventany claims for clothingand other property over
and above what might be required by the service
of the country. It might be in the navy as in the
army, that officers would carry a greater amount
of clothing and other property than the service re-
quired, and he thought Congress should not be
bound to pay for that which was not requisite. An
officer, for instance, might take with turn a servant
who might lose his life, and such loss was borne
by the officer to whom he belonged; but without
some modification he feared the door would be left
open for such claims to come here. He believed
that Cassius M. Clay carried with him two fiddles
to the Mexican war, which were certainly not re-
quired by the public service, and should not be
paid for by the Government in the event of their
loss.
Mr.SCHENCK.consented tomodify hisamend-
ment by the insertion of the word " necessary"
before the word " clothing," &c., so as to remove
the objection of the gentleman fiom Missouri.
Mr. CABELL offered the following amendment
to the amendment of Mr. Sciienck:
And 10 Litutenant O. H. Berryman and the seamen
pent bv Commander Carpenter loeoimnmiicate to the squatl-
lou ott Y\ra Ciuz the condition ol tlie bug Tru\ton, winch
went a.-hort; near Tampico, on the const "t Mtixico, in the
year 1^46, lor the lo?s or nec-e--siuy clothing, uihlorni, bed
and tdhie lurmture, book-, and lii&tiuments.
Mr. C. briefly explained the object of his amend-
ment to be to indemnify Lieutenant Berryman and
the twelve seamen who were with him in the haz-
i ardous service mentioned in the amendment, m
I which they suffered the losses for which he pro-
posed they should be remunerated. They endured
hardships such as few men were capable of endu-
ring, and lost all their private propeity, which was
taken by the Mexicans, and hence he hoped the
amendment would be adopted.
i* The amendment was agreed to by a majority of
| 63 to 58.
I The question then recurred on the amendment of
I the genileman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] as amend-
i ed-
! Mr. GREEN said the amendment made on his
! suggestion by the gentleman from Ohio did not
entirely meet his views. He wished to limit, the
] provision to clothing, &c., "necessary to the pub-
| he service, as required by the regulations;" conse-
j quently the modification did not go far enough.
| Mr. SCHENCK replied that the gentleman from
; Missouri wsuld perceive that the property actually
lost must be proved,and theSecretary of the Navy
would then exercise his judgment -in the matter.
With the insertion of the word " necessary," to
which he had consented, and the exercise of the
discretion of the department, every object would
be accomplished in the prevention of claims for
articles that were not requisite. There was this
objection to the insertion of the words " as required
by the regulations of the service,"" that there were
no such regulations. There were certain things
which the officers and seamen must have, and of
those things the department must'judge; but there
were no regulations prescribing how many panta-
loons and shirts each officer and man must have.
If, therefore, the words suggested were inserted,
all allowance for clothing would be excluded. It
would be better to leave it to the department, by
which it would be ascertained whether a claimant
was making a sham claim or not.
Mr. GREEN was satisfied ^with this explana-
tion.
Mr. McKAY said, there was no instance in the
legislation of this Government in which such a
piovision had been made as was proposed to be
made by this amendment. There had been no
law passed by Congress heretofore, from the found-
ation of the Government, which had authorized
indemnification, either to officers of the army or
the navy, for loss'of personal effects. If they
adopted this amendment, justice would require
that its provisions should be greatly extended,
even as far back as the year 17H9, when this Gov-
ernment was organized, and that military officers,
as well as those of tue navy, should be entitled to
its benefits. He quoted fiom the provisions of the
British Government, which were exceedingly lib-
eral, to show that this proposition went beyond
them in liberality. He hoped the amendment
would be rejected.
The CHAIRMAN, on reflection, decided that
the amendment was not in order. His decision
was based on the eightieth rule, which provided
that no appropriation shall be reported in the gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from fhat decision,
and proceeded to debate the question.
Mr. SIMS inquired if the gentleman was in
order?
The CHAIRMAN decided that he was.
Mr. SIMS contended, that when the committee
was acting under an order of the House closing
debate at a ceitain time, when that time arrived,
the committee was in the position in which the
House would be placed when acting under the
previous question—no debale being in order except
five minutes explanatory of amendments.
The CHAIR was of opinion that such questions
were embraced within the general rule of the House,
and that debate was in order on the appeal.
Mr. SIMS appealed fiom that decision.
The CHAIR decided that the appeal would not
now lie, an appeal being before the committee.
The question was on the appeal of the gentleman
from Ohio from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SCHENCK said, there were precedents to
justify such an appropriation. The corps of scien-
tific men who were on board the Enterprisers
well as her officers and men, had received compen-
sation for the loss of their property. But there
was no need to resort to piecedenis for authority.
The very rule of the House referred to by the
gentleman from North Carolina |Mr. McKay]
admitted expressly of the introduction into ail
appropriation bill of contingencies requisite to
carry on the several departments of Government.
This appropriation was for oneof the contingencies
i of the naval service. If by its regulations the
| Government compelled both sailors and officers,
i m a case of Emergency at sea, to abandon all per-
! sonal care of their own property, and to devote
i themselves wholly to the safety of the property ot
i the Government, a contingency thus arose, if the
' property of sailors or officers was lost m conse-
1 quence, m the naval service, for which it was in
order to make prov ision in ail appropriation bill.
He admitted that there was no general law making
provision for such a case, and this was the only
country in Christendom in which there was riot.
But he would refer the gentleman from Norm
Carolina to a case, by way of illustration He
meant that of the cadets at West Point. There
was but one cadet allowed by law to be sent to that
