882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
academy from each Congressional district. And
the clause which made this restriction was to be
found in an appropriation bill, because, from the
late period of the session in which the appropria-
tion bill passed, it was apprehended that the proper
bill for such a provision could not be reached before
-the adjournment, and the clause was therefore.in-
serted in the appropriation bill as a rider. Here
was a case of general legislation in an appropria-
' tion bill. And so the clause limiting the compen-
sation of officers in the navy wasin like manner
inserted in an appropriation bill. And in both
cases this had been allowed, because the provisions
thus inserted were held to relate to the departments
of the Government, and were contingencies of the
service.
As to the objection to government's becoming
the insurer of the personal property of officers and
and men on board our public ships, Mr. S. con-
sidered it no more than fair, when that property
was lost in consequence of the devotion of men and
officers to the preservation of the vessel when in
'imminent danger, or .that of the ship's stores, or
other public property, to the neglect of their own.
•In the case of the United States shooner Shark,
while she was lying on the breakers all night, the
officers and men stuck to her to the last; and when
•the sailors would have gone below to look after
their sea-chests, with a view to save them, the offi-
cers drove them up on deck to attend to the vessel.
They were not suffered so much as to throw a bag
Off clothing overboard, that it might float ashore;
and the officers did not leave till just before the
vessel went to pieces, when they left her at the im-
minent risk of their lives. To refuse to compen-
sate such men for the loss of their personal property
in the wreck would be against precedent, against
the practice of the House, and against all principles
of equity.
Mr. McKAY said the gentleman from Ohio had
shown, by his own arguments, that his appeal was
not well founded. Almost all the gentleman had
said had not been on the point of order, but on the
merits of his amendment. The only cases he had
quoted were cases of general legislative provisions,
and not special and particular, as this would be.
To admit such into an appropriation bill might be
very proper; but the rules of the House positively
prohibited the introduction into an appropriation
bill of anything for which there did not exist a
previous law, or for continuing public works al-
ready commenced, or for the contingencies in the
departments. Here was a proposed appropriation
of $50,000 for a special, particular purpose, for
which the mover himself admitted that there was
no law. " Contingencies in the departments" was
a technical phrase, which did not at all refer to
contingencies that might arise in the public service,
btit to contingent expenditures required in the de-
partments themselves, such as stationary, fuel, &c.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether Mr. McKay
could point him to a single naval appropriation
bill which the House had ever passed in which
there were not many items for which there was
no previous general law ?
Mr. McKAY admitted that there had occasion-
ally been a few such items admitted, butthey were
very few.
"The question being now put on Mr. Schenck's
appeal, the decision of the Chair was sustained.
So Mr. Schenck's amendment was decided to
be out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK, after some conversation with
the Chair, moved the following amendment to the
bill:
For gun practice in vesselsatsea,$5,000; anditishereby
made the duty of every officer in command of a vessel of war
of the United States irf commission and at sea to exeiciae tlie
otiiceis andmen undei his command at practice with shotted
guns, under such further regulations as may be prescribed
by tlie Secretary ol the Navy, at least as often as once a
month. %
Mr. DICKEY objected to the amendment as
out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK defended it as in order. If
there was not an express law on this subject, there
was a law which directed the firing at targets, and
provided the necessary powder to be. expended in
such gunnery practice; and he considered it as one
of the contingencies of the naval service that the
navy should have something to shoot with. It
had formerly been the practice at our naval sta-
tions to fire at targets with cannon. The practice
lad for some cause been discontinued, either be-
fasiiw there was no navy regulation providing for
it, or if there was, it had been suffered to fall into i
neglect. From whatever cause* it happened, the
fact really was, that there were officers who had
been eight and ten years in the service, and had
never in their lives witnessed firing with shot or
shell. In the squadron under Commodore Conner
before Vera Cruz there had been no target firing
to practice the men, though an immediate attack
was in contemplation. An officer who Jiad re-
cently returned in the Columbus from the Pacific
had informed Mr. S. that during her entire cruise
of three years she had never fired a single shot or
shell.' Under such a system, what improvement
could there be, or what practical skill could be ac-
quired in gunnery? Certainly there ought to be a
regulation providing for such practice. No petty
saving of the cost of powder and shot ou ht for a
moment to stand in the way, more especially in the
existing state of the world, when we might be un-
der the necessity of looking to the state ot' our navy
and preparing for the event of a general war.
The Naval Committee desired to have a requi-
sition of the practice of firing for practice with shot
and shell at 'least once a month when our vessels
were at sea. To acquire skill in gunnery was
surely the very business of our navy; the science
and practice of it was their especial duty.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK then offered his amendment in
a modified form, striking out the appropriation.
Rejected.
Mr. S. then again renewed his amendment, in-
serting, in the place of " gun practice," " ball and
shell practice."
Mr. SCHENCK said the fate of the amendment
he had offered was personally a matter of indif-
ference to himself, except so far as the good of our
naval service was concerned. The whole section
under consideration was made up of items of con-
tingencies, and the Naval Committee were of opin-
ion. that this was as fit to have a place there as any
others which were already in the bill. If a pro-
vision of this kindsould not be introduced into this
bill, where would the gentleman have it? Could
not Congress, m an appropriation, direct how
money appropriated should be applied ? He pre-
sumed the Committee on Naval Affairs understood
subjects of this nature almost as well as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Every one at all
conversant in naval affairs must see the propriety
of such a practice as this amendment proposed to
provide for.
The question being put, the amendment was re-
jected, only 33 rising m its favor.
Mr. SCHENCK proposed thefollowingamend-
ment:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized and
directed, out ol the appropriation tor provisions, to purchase,
at his discretion, a suiUeieut quantity of corn meal and flour,
dried and prepared by the process and machinery invented
by J. R. Stafford, of Ohio, to be sent to the various naval
stations, to test the capability of such prepared meat and
flour to resist tlie influences of time and climate, and to as-
certain wnat advantage there may be in tile introduction of
the same for the use of the navy.
Mr. S. said it was presumed, when our ships of
war were sent on their cruises, that the officers and
men were to eat something. The amendment pro-
posed to give the Secretary a discretionary power
to purchase a proper amount of corn meal and
flour, dried by the process recently introduced by
Mr. Stafford, of Ohio, and send it out to our vari-
ous naval stations, in order to test its power of
enduring damp and the vicissitudes of climate,
without getting sour. This subject had been be-
fore the Committee on Naval Affairs, and they
had heard one of the most scientific men in this
country explain the nature and results of Mr.
Stafford's method of kiln-drying meal, until they
had become entirely satisfied of the propriety of
the amendment proposed. Some of this meal had
been sent to Liverpool, where it had been exposed
to damp for more than sixteen months, and at the
end of that time remained perfectly sweet.
Should the experiment fully succeed, the gain
to the naval service, and to the commercial marine
also, would be inappreciably great. The owners
of several of our packets were now trying speci-
mens of the meal. The committee desired that
our Government should do the same. For this
end, they wished samples sent to all our distant
stations, so that the test should be rigid and severe.
As things now stood, if corn meal should be taken
to sea, it would become sour in a few weeks;
hence we were obliged to take ship bread; and this
was either as hard as brickbats, or else became
loathsome from worms, which penetrated every
part of it. If it should turn out that corn meal
could be so prepared as to stand the effects of
humidity without souring, it might be taken on
board our ships of war and cooked from day to
day, as it was wanted. And what an addition
would this be to the comfort and enjoyment of all
on board ! Mr. S. appealed to gentlemen especi-
ally from the West and Southwest. Should we
be able to send corn meal to sea as a constituent
of our marine ration, they must inevitably feel the
effects of it.
Mr. McKAY opposed the amendment as un-
necessary. The Secretary had power to make
this purchase as the law stood. He suggested to
the gentleman from Ohio that a better course would
be to bring in a separate bill, containing this pro-
vision not only, but regulating the whole subject
of our naval supplies.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, proposed to
strike out all that part of the amendment which
had special reference to the process of Mr. Staf-
ford: this gave the whole thing the air of being
got up for the personal benefit of a particular
individual. Indeed, he thought the whole provis-
ion unnecessary; hut if the Secretary was to make
the experiment, and preferred the meal prepared
by Mr. Stafford, he could resort to that without
having it specified in the law. But he wanted
to know why these various objects for which'
such a string of amendments had been offered
by the gentleman from Ohio had not sooner been
brought to the notice of the Naval Committee, and
bills reported for them in due time and in the reg-
ular course of business? It was a very great an-
noyance to the House to have them thus stuck in
one after another, unnecessarily consuming time
and retarding the course of important legislation.
Mr. J. withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BAYLY renewed it. He thought there
was much misapprehension on this subject. The
Naval Committee had examined the subject, and
understood it perfectly. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. McKay] was certainly mistaken in
supposing that the Secretary could make this pur-
chase for experiment by the law as it at present
stood. This kiln-dried corn meal was the best
now known; and Mr. B. did not doubt it would
justify all the hopes which had been created by
the discovery. Unless prepared by this or some
other very effectual process, meal would not keep
at sea a week without turning sour. Mr. B. re-
presented a corn-growing district, as most of them
did; but he could not regard as very important to
corn-raisers the small additional market to be
opened by the use of this substance in our navy;
but, for the comfort of the service, he was very
desirous it should be used if it would answer the
purpose. Its use would soon become extensive
out of the navy as well as in it.
The question occurring on the amendment re-
newed by Mr. Bayly, it was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to strike out the word
"corn," and insert " Indian." [A laugh.]
Mr. VINTON observed that this amendment
did not increase at all the amount of money appro-
priated; its adoption would cost nothing and might
prove of some use; at all events, it could do no
harm. He really hoped the committee would,
withoutfurtherlossoftime, adopt this small amend-
ment, so that they could get on and take up others
which yet remained and were of great importance.
The question being put, the amendment was
carried: Ayes 89, noes 39.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out in line 7G
the words " commandant's office," and in line 77
" water tanks." He said, since the estimates were
sent in, the chief of the bureau reported that the
improvements could be dispensed with. The
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE moved to add, at the end of the
item for dry dock at New York, the following,
which was rejected:
The Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to con-
tract with any suitable and competent person or persons for
the masonry or other paits of construction of the said dry
dock and its appurtenances, as may in ins opinion be con-
ducive to the public interests.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment providing
for the purchase of ground in Brooklyn, near the
navy-yard.
He said the correspondence from the Navy De-
partment respecting this amendment had been
some time since published, and ho presumed the
House were familiar with it. This appropriation
