834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
against it as ooftiing within that class of petitions
on which the motion to receive was ordered to lie
"on the table.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Hai.e for leave to withdraw the petition, and
decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis of Mas?achusctts, Greene, Hale,
JJjles. Phelps, Upnaiii, and Webster—7. ft
* NAYS—Messrs. Alchison, Athcrton, Badger, Bagby, Bell,
Berrien, Borland, Butler, Cameron, Davis of Mississippi,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Downs, Felch, Hamlin, tlunter,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of
Georgia, Lewis, Mangum, Mason, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian,
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Westcott, and Yulee—31.
Mr. HALE rose to a point of order, contending
that the Senate had no property in the paper, which
belonged to him, to be disposed of as he might
think proper. The Senate had refused to receive
it, and yet refused him permission to withdraw it.
Mr. MANG0M said the paper belonged to the
Senate; that for the last twelve years the practice
invariably had been to dispose of these petitions
by the motion to receive being laid on the table,
and that not an attempt had been made to infringe i
it until the Senator from New Hampshire came j
there to agitate the subject anew. He considered i
that the petition was under the control of the Sen- I
ate, and was the property of the body. !
Mr. NILES denied that the petition came within j
the rule, and that therefore the remarks of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Mangcm] were ,
gratuitous. That the petition showed on its face i
that it was for the lemoval of the seat of govern-1
ment for certain reasons therein specified, showing i
slavery among the number. !
The CHAIR decided the question of order against
Mr. Hale.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition from
citizens of Arkansas, in favor of the purchase of
MountVernon by theGeneral Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition from George
C. Hutter, asking arrears of pay as an officer "of
the United States army; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. D1X presented a petition from Nicholl &
Co., asking payment for tea furnished to the Navy
Department at Norfolk, Virginia, in June, 1846;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition from James
C. Chapman, asking to have paid over to him one- i
fourth part of the proceeds of the cargo of the brig
Diana, condemned for a violation of the non-inter-
course laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr, CALHOUN presented a memorial from
cRizens of Charleston, South Carolina, asking the
erection of a new and larger custom-house in that
city; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims: Asking to" be discharged from the fuither
consideration of the petition of'.Thomas P. Gordon,
accompanied by a report.
Also, from the same committee, the bill to revive
the act entitled " An act to provide for the payment
of horses and other property lost or destroyed in
the military service of the United States," approved
18th January, 1827, and the acts aDproved 14th
February, 1&37,and August 23,1842, amendatory
of the same.
Mr. TURNEY mored that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill, which was agreed
to; and a considerable discussion took place on the
bill, in which Messrs. TURNEY, WESTCOTT
DAVIS of Miss., BADGER, DAYTON BOR-
LAND, NILES, RUSK, BOTLER, BREESE,
DOWNS, and DIX, took part. It was contended
by the advocates of the bill that the practice of the
Government had always been to pay for horses
and property lost in the military service of the
United States; and there was no ground for excep-
tion to the bill, which meiely revived the acts of
1837, 1837, and 18-32. On the other hand, it was
argued lhat the cases which called for the passage
of those acts probably varied fiom those to which
it was now proposed to apply the principle of those
acts, and a doubt was expressed whether the allow-
ance of forty cents a day was not intended to cover
the risk of loss.
_ Motions were made to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill until Monday, and to refer it
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and the latter !
prevailed: Ayes 20—Mr. BORLAND pledging S
himself that no delay in the action of the commit- j
tee should take place. !
The motion of Mr. YULEE, to refer to a select
committee the naval and military-bills referred to
yesterday, was renewed and agreed to.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Claims,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of the clerks of the pay de- j
partment at New Orleans, and that it be referred I
to the Committee on Military Affairs; which was ;
agreed to. 1
Mr. MASON, from the same committee, also j
reported the joint resolution for the relief of Clem- 1
ents, Bryan ifc Co., without amendment. j
Mr. MASON, from the same committee, also '
reported House bill for the relief of William Ral- j
ston, without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE, ETC.
Mr. BORLAND, on leave, introduced a bill to
revive an act authorizing certain soldiers in the late
war with Great .Britain to surrender bounty lands
drawn by them, and to locate others in lieu there-
of; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee oil Military Affairs.
Mr. WEBSTER said: 1 yesterday asked leave
of the Senate to introduce a bill further to extend
the provisions of the naturalization laws of the
United States. The main object of the bill is a
very simple one. 1 will endeavor to state it, with
all possible brevity, in the hope that when the
committee shall have examined the bill, and shall
have reported, it may pass without much delay,as
it is certainly somewhat of an important object.
The difficulty which exists in the case respects
the national character ol children of American pa-
lews born abroad. It would seem, that by the
existing law of 1802, without a very violent con-
struction of its provisions, children now born abroad
of American purents resident abroad, whether in
a public capacity, like that of ministers or con-
suls, or orivate persons travelling for pleasure or
on business, aie not to be deemed and taken to be
: citizens of the Uniied States. The question or
j difficulty arises in this way. The phraseology of
: the act of 1802 is, " lhat children born abroad of
'parents who heretofore have been, or now are,
' citizens of the United States, shall be deemed and
' taken to be citizens of the United States tliem-
' selves." But there are in the act no prospective
words; it does not say that children born of pa-
rents who have been, or no w are, or hereafter shall
( be, citizens of#the United States; and therefore
I the thing has reached this point, that American
' citizens, bom since the year 1802, who may con-
sequently be forty-six years of age, now going
abroad temporarily with their families, either for
business purposes, public or private, or for the
sake of travel, and having children born abroad,
those children are excluded from citizenshipby the
necessary construction of that law.
It is the opinion of commentators (Justice
Story, Judge Kent, and others) that this clause
was very vaguely drawn. The phrase was in-
tended to be applied to naturalized citizens, but it
cannot be so construed. The object that I have
in view, then, is to provide a^am for what was
provided for by the act of 1802, and make it ex-
tend to the future, and apply to all the children
oi American parentage, in cases where such pa-
rents have gone to reside temporarily abroad, still
preserving their allegiance to the United States.
There aie other provisions in the act concerning
which there may be different opinions, perhaps,
but this is the main one, and I think it will recom-
mend itself to all; and I hope, if the committee
find the law to be as I understand it to be, they will
report this bill^and that the Senate will give it
enactment in theYorm I have given to it.
The bill was read twice and referred to the Com-
j! mittee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. MASON,
Ordered, That Ftuiay and Saturday, the 38th and 17th
instani, he set  pirt tor the consideration of puvate bills on
the calendar, to the exclusion of all other business.
r business
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Re>oh\d, That tile Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to Inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
pnation to pa> the e.\tra compensation allowed to the judge
of the United States district court for the State of Louisiana
by the act of 1824, to enable claimants of Jand under Frcnth
and Spanish grant* in Louisiana to tiy the validity of their
titles.
ADJOUKWMENT OF CJJSGftESS.
Mr. BERRI EN moved to take up for immediate
consideration the joint resolution of the House
fixing the time for adjournment on the 17th July
next.
Mr. ATHERTON expressed a hope tha.t the
motion would not prevail. It was yesterday post-
poned on account of the thinness of the Senate,
and the same reason would operate to-day. Sev-
eral Senators who were now absent would be in
their seats on Monday. He had no objection to
take up the resolution for the purpose of fixing a
day for its consideration. But we were not now
in a condition to fix a day for the close of the ses-
sion. The principal appropriation bills had not
yet passed the House of Repieseniatives. If we
pass this resolution now, we yield the power of the
Senate over it, and the day will be fixed irrevoca-
bly, unless the two Houses could be brought to
agree on a new proposition, and some important
business may be lost. The delay of a few days
could not affect the question. If, after a week or
I two, we can see our way clear, we can then fix on
| the day named. It may be seen, from the delay in
j passing the Indian appropriation bill, how diffi-
j cult it may he to get the other appropriation bills
: through by the 17th of July. That bill may yet
| occupy some time, as a very important question
j is involved in the amendment of the Senator from
i Tennessee. The only appropriation bill which
! has yet passed the Senate is the one relating to the
1 Military Academy.
j Mr BADGER hoped the motion of the Senator
| from Georgia would prevail, and that we should
! not only proved to consider, but to pass the reso-
j lution. The business of the two Houses will be
i expedited as soon as the day of adjournment is
| fixed; and nothing of importance will be done until
j it is fixed. He would merely add, that if thereso-
I lution were now considered, he would move the
i amendment which he had submitted to the joint
j resolution of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
i Atchison,] providing that the business should be
! taken up at the beginning of the next session in the
! State in which it may be left at the adjoui nment.
Mr. DICKINSON thought it probable that we
• might be able to adjourn at the time named. Bat
he was opposed to the consideration of the resolu-
i' tion at this time. Some of the chairmen of the
i j principal committees—the Military Committee and
:! the Foreign Relations—were now absent, and there
may be important business before those commit-
tees. The absent Senators may he expected to
return in a day or two. The chairman of the
Committee on Territories is also absent. If we
concur at this time in the resolution of the House,
there will be an end of (he matter.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said, that although
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
was absent, it was now well known that the army
in Mexico must be disbanded before the day fixed
by the resolution for adjournment. This reason,
therefore, could not operate as an objection to
adopting that day. If the President should not
recommend any increase of the army, there could
be no occasion to delay for any action of that com-
mittee. It was well known that the circumstances
which have recently taken place are unfavorable
to sound legislation on any important political
j questions. He desired that an early day should
be fixed, and that the important measures should
be laid over until next session.
Mr. BAGBY thought the day fixed was re-
mote enough to leave ample time to get through
all the necessary business. He knew that some
Senators were absent, but when they return others
will leave, so that the Senate will every week be-
come thinner. We vshall never get through any
business until the day of adjournment is agreed
on. lie was willing to vote for an earlier day
than the 27th July.
Mr. BUTLER had no objection to fix a day for
closing the session, but he was sure the day named
was too early. There were many very important
hills now waiting for the action of Congress. Why
were Senators so very anxious to adjourn? Was
it because they were desirous to avoid the intro-
duction of certain questions which might come up?
Among the bills of importance,>we had that regu-
lating the proceedings as to our citizens in China,
which had been twice called for, and was very im-
portant in its principle. Something also must be
done with regard to the army, and he was not
going to adopt all the recommendations of the
