1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
President as to its disbandment. Many important
and delir-ate questions may arise for consideration.
He would have no objection to name an eaiiy day
in August.
Mr. BlLliRH^jNT thought that thf amendment
suggested by the Senator from North Carolina
(Mr. Badger] would remove ^ny objections to
leaving the business unfinished.
Mr. RUSK, hoped the resolution would not now
be taken up for consideration. There was much
important business to bo disposed of, and many
Senators absent. The ratification of the treaty of
peace lendered it necessary to introduce new sub-
jects for legislation. Our boundaries are now
greatly extended. It was imporiant that a gov-
ernment be established in California. If we ad-
journ on the day named in the resolution, we shall
have to leave things as they are. No provision
will be made relative to the disbanding of the
army. California will be left without a govern-
ment, or under a military government, which is
worse than none. He hoped the resolution would
not be taken up.
Mr. DAYTON- hoped the resolution would be
taken up. Although several Senators were absent,
their sentiments on most of the iinpoitant measures
likely to arise were known. Fie saw no symp-
(oms of impatience in the motion. It is the usual
time of adjournment. As to business, the Senate
is ^usually ahead of the House of Representatives.
We possess greater facilities for expediting busi-
ness, and we are fewer in number. If longer time
should, on trial, be found necessary, there would
lie no difficulty m getting the resolution rescinded.
Until we fix a day for adjournment, we shall not
work. Fix the day, and'we shall work up to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, reminded the
Semite that there were now more than two hun-
dred bills on the Senate calendar for action. Was
it probable that one-half of these bills (and among
them were some of very great importance, especi-
ally to the new States, and which had been inves-
tigated with so much labor by the various com-
mittees) could he passed by the time named in the
resolution? He was willing to adjourn whenever
we could properly do so. But, for one, he was
not at present prepared to fix any day until the
important cases before Congress shall have been ;
acted on The best plan was, to postpone the sub-
ject for a week or two. it had been suggested that
it was not the practice of the Senate to postpone
resolutions coming from the House. He believed
it had sometimes been done; and that even so re-
cently as the session before the last, it was so, and
Congress sot nil August.
Mr. CALHOUN insisted that there was no Sen-
ator more desirous to adjourn than he was. But
it would be impossible to set through the business
before Congress by the 17th July. There was the
Oregon business, which was very important, and
other matters of equal impoitance, to be acted on.
Pass this resolution now, and we lose our control
of it. It had been said that circumstances were
unpropitious to sound legislation, because subjects
involving delicate questions in reference to the
outgoing and the incoming Administrations might
arise. He was ready to take the responsibility of
prolonging the session whenever there was any
important business to be done.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. BER.RIEN, and decided in the negative: Ayes
16, nuts 21.
Mr. BELL presented a memorial from a portion
of the Cherokee Indians,  emonstrating against the
decision of the Government of the United States
adveise to these claims; which was ordered to be
printed.
The bill for the relief of the Central Railroad and
Banking Company of Georgia was considered in
Committee of the Whole, and, after having been J
ordered to a third reading, was subsequently read !
a third time, and passed. " i
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, the Senate took i
up the joint resolution from the House for the re-
moval of the pole from the dome of the Capitol, and
concurred in the same.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 14, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Public
Printing, to which had been referred the resolution
| authorizing the Clerk to make contracts for the
i binding of all the public documents, reports, bills,
| &c., of the 1st session 30l1i Congress, made a re-
i port theieon.
| Mr. C. observed that the Committee on Printing
had made no recommendation tothe House. They
had been directed to inquire into the facts and as-
certain whether any contract had been made for
binding the public documents, and their report
simply was, that no such contract had been made.
Mr. McKAY moved, for the present, that the
report be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. CONGER proceeded to make some re-
marks, under the apprehension that Mr. McKay
had proposed to recommit the report.
Mr. McKAY disclaimed any such motion.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred the joint reso-
lution defining the reports to be annually made to
Congress by the head of the several Executive de-
partments, and requiring the same to be prepared
immediately after the close of each fiscal year and
forthwith communicated for publication, reported
the same back to the House with sundry amend-
men ts.
The amendments were read and agreed to; and
the joint resolution was then read a third time and
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill to repeal the fifth, sixth, and seventh
clauses of c< An act in addition tothe several acts
regulating the shipment arid discharge of seamen
and the duties of consuls," approved July 20th,
1840, and also to amend the act entitled " An act
supplementary to the act concerning consuls and
vice consuls, and for the further protection of
American seamen," approved 28th February, 1803.
Committed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the Committee of
Claims, reported bills for the relief of Ira T. Hor-
ton and Augustus Ford. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported the
following resolution, which was read and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire and import whether any, and what, further
legislation required in relation to costs on the criminal
side ot the United States courts.
Mr. DUNN, from the same committee, reported j
a bill for the relief of James Y. Smith. Commit- |
ted.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on thepetitions of William H. Russell and
W. H. Brockway, administrator of John Johnson,
deceased. Laid on the table. j
Mr. WILMOT, from the same committee, re- j
ported a bill for the relief of James Morehead. j
Committed. i
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, from the j
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill making j
appropriations for the improvement of the naviga- i
tion of certain rivers and harbors, and for the i
survey of certain other rivers and harbors. Com- !
mitted.
Mr DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the Com- j
mittee on Public Lands, made adverse reports !
on the petitions of the Navigation and Hydraulic
Company of the Mississippi Rapids; of citizens of j
Akron, Ohio, for a grant of pnbhc lands; and of a j
joint resolution of the Legislature of Indiana, in j
relation to marsh and wet lands m the counties of j
Jay and Adams. Laid on the table. j
post routes. |
Mr. GOGGlN, from the Committee on the Post j
Office and Post Roads, to which was recommitted :
the bill to establish certain post routes, reported ■
the same back to the House with sundry amend-
ments; which were read and agreed to.
Numerous other amendments were offered and .
agreed to; when— j
Mr. CUMMINS moved to recommit the bill to ;
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Lo^t.
Mr. KAUFMAN then moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
After much confusion, Mr. ROOT moved to ■
reconsider the vote ordering the engrossment of the
b'll, with a view to having the bill and amendments ;
printed. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the n
motion to reconsider on the table. Lost. ''
Mr. ROOT expressed the hope that this hill would
be printed before its final passage, for many amend-
ments had been offered in a way which prevented
a thorough examination of them. It had been in-
timated that any errors which might have been
committed might be corrected by the Senate; but
to this he could not assent. This House ought to
do its own legislation, and to do it correctly. He
again hoped the House would allow the bill to be
printed before its passage.
Mr. VINTON concurred in the suggestion of
his colleague, [Mr. Root.] He was informed that
there was a provision in this bill to establish a post
route in the State of Texas, to terminate at Santa
Fe. Now, they were all aware that important
results had arisen from careless legislation hereto-
fore, which it became them now to avoid. The
bill, therefore, ought to be printed before they
should do that which could' be regarded by the
Executive as affirming by this House that the
State of Texas extended to and embraced Santa
Fe. He again hoped the bill would be printed.
Mr. KAUFMAN was understood to say that
the bill contained no such provision.
Mr. GOGGlN said the explanation of the gen-
! tleman from Texas must be satisfactory to the
gentleman from Ohio, but still there were many
amendments made to this bill in a hurried manner;
and, as they should nut rely on the Senate to do
that which they should do for themselves, he con-
curred in the propriety of printing the bill before
its passage.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said he
was in favor of reconsidering the vote to engross
the bill; and his object was "to offer as an amend-
ment the bill reported by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, that permits newspa-
pers to be earned thirty miles free of postage.
| Mr. GOGGlN. The amendment has been ruled
; out of oider on this bill.
i Mr. THOMPSON said he had looked back and
] found that the very bill now desired to be repealed
1 was passed in the bill to establish post routes at the
| last Congress—exactly the same kind of bill as the
! present. We had the precedent of the last Con-
gress.
Mr. GOGGlN rose to a point of order, whether
the gentleman could discuss the proposed amend-
ment on the present motion ?
The CHAIR decided the gentleman in order, as
he was giving his reasons for his vote to recon-
sider.
Mr. THOMPSON said he thanked the Chair
for recognizing him in order, as he found himself
often otherwise. He could see no objection to
making the amendment. It had been matured by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and was not the act of himself or of any individual.
Still he thought this was the only chance for repeal-
ing what heconceived a premium operating in favor
of the city pi ess against the country press.
Mr. GOGGlN again called the gentleman to
order.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would not trespass,
if possible. He could but call on the friends of the
country press to act now; if they did not, they
could get no further opportunity this session. He
did not desire to injure the city press; but, while
the postage was charged as at present, the postage
being as much on a country paper whenever it J
passes through the mail any distance, howfcver
short, as a city paper two or three hundred miles
distant, the lesultwas, that the law operates to the
exclusion of the former, and m favor of the latter.
Let us give them an equal chance. He would call
on the ft lends of equality to the country press.
Tins was the only chance to put the law right, and
it would not occur again.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. GOG-
GIN, Mr. PHELPS, Mr. THOMPSON, and
others.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas? mo^d the prc-
\ious Question, but there was no second.
Mr. HILLIARD moved that the fuither consid-
eration of the subject be postponed to Monday
next, to give gentlemen an opportunity to become
acquainted with the details of This bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Lost.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which was referred Senate
bills respecting the public archives in the State of
