836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Florida, and to authorize the district judge of the ji
State of Tennessee to hold special terms, reported j
the same back to the House without amendment. !
Also, reported from the same committee, to ,
■which they had been referred, Senate bill to au- |
' thorize notaries public to take and certify oaths, i
affirmations,and acknowledgments in certain cases, |
- and a bill supplementary to aft aeS to authorize the
Secretary of State to liquidate certain claims therein
mentioned, passed April 18, 1814, back to the
House with amendments. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported bills to
alter and amend the act entitled "An act for the
punishment of counterfeiting the current coin of
the United States, and for other purposes;" to pro-
Tide for the taking of the seventh census, or enu-
meration of the inhabitants of the United States:
and for revising the laws of the United States.
Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred bills to regulate and equalize the
compensation of district attorneys of the United
States} giving the consent of the Government of
the United States to the State of Texas to extend
- her boundary so as to. include within her limits
one-half of the Sabine pass, Sabine lake, and Sa-
bine river, as far north as the 32d degree of north
•latitude, reported the same back to the House
■without amendment. Committed.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from
the consideration of the petition of Major G. Toch-
jnan, attorney for the heirs-at-law of General Thad-
deus Kosciusko, deceased, and it was laid on the
table.
- Mr. I., from the same committee, reported the
following resolution, which was read and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Conuhittee on the Public Buildings and
Grounds be requested to inquire into the expediency of pio-
vidm^ a suitable hall for the due permanent accommodation
of the House of Representatives, and into the expediency
" of pioviding in the mean time for its temporary accommo-
dation in the department now occupied as a Congressional
Library.
Oil motion of Mr. FRENCH, the Committee
on the Judiciary was discharged from the consid-
eration of the bill to change the place of holding
courts in New Hampshire, and it was laid on the
table.
Mr. F., from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of Thomas Doug-
lass, late United States attorney for East Florida,
reported the same back to the House without
amendment. Committed. j
On motion of Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, !
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims was dis- j
charged from the consideration of the petitions of
Orpha Roe, Sarah Smith, heir of Elijah Alford,
Elizabeth Stanford, formerly widow of John Mc-
Caffrey, and the heirs of Zeph. Halsy, and they
were laid on the table.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made adverse reports on the peti-
tions of Moses Matthews and Noah Smith. Laid
on the table.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the same committee,
reported bills for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Presley Thornton; for the relief
of the heirs of Larkin Smith; to provide for the
payment of seven years' half-pay to Sarah Ann
Dye, who was the widow of Lieutenant Jonathan
Dye, an officer of the army of the United States,
and who was killed at Brandywme; and for the
relief of the legal representatives of John Mande-
ville; which bills were severally read and com-
mitted.
Mr. BARRINGER presented a protest of the
Cherokee delegation of Indians against the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in relation
to the settlement to be made under the treaty of
3840. Referred^ the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. NEWALL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Abigail Stafford. Read twice and committed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to which was referred
the joint resolution of the Senate for the relief of
Jonathan Lewis, reported the same back to the
House with amendments Committed.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, reported
a bill far the relief of Robert B. Mitchell. Read
and committed.
Mr. BOTTS,fi-om the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a joint resolution in relation to
the transportation and .discharge of the military-
forces of the United States at the close of the war
with Mexico; which was read three times, and,
under the operation of the previous question,
1 (moved by Mr. Botts,) passed, and sent to the
Senate for concurrence.
Mr. BOTTS, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Josiah P. Piicher. Read and
{ committed.
i Also, from the same committee, to which was
| referred Senate bill placing the officer who performs
| the duty of adjutant, at the Military Academy on
! an equality as to pay and allowances with the ad-
| jutants of regiments, reported fche same back to the
i House without amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, reported the fol-
lowing resolution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the resolution of February 16,1843, rela-
i tive to the Army and Navy Registers, be rescinded, and in
lieu thereof, that the Secretaries of the Departments of War
j and Navy be required to furnish this Hon^e annually on the
j 1st of January with a transcript of the olficial army and navy
' K-ts, in such form as to affix opposite the name of each per-
' son contained therein, in separate columns, the annual pay
i of such officer or person, the amount paid him for rations,
i servants, and forage, and the gross amount paid or allowed
j him in nil lespeets, lor and on his account, for and during
j the pieceding fiscal jear. ,
| Mr. TALLMADGE asked leave to make a mo-
! tion to discharge the Committee of the Whole from
| the bill to incorporate the Washington City Gas-
! light Company, with a view to the consideration
i of the said bill in the House. Objected to.
I Mr. KING, of Georgia, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which was referred Senate bills
for the relief of Purser Benjamin G. Cahoone,and
for the relief of the widows and orphans of the
officers, seamen, and marines of the brig-of-war
Somers, reported the same back to the House with-
out amendment. Committed.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill renewing certain
! naval pensions for the term of five years, and ex-
| tending the benefits of existing laws respecting
naval pensions to engineers, firemen, and coal-
, heavers in the navy, and to their widows, reported
the same back to the House with an amendment.
The amendment was read.
Mr. WHITE urged the immediate passage of
the bill.
Mr. McKAY asked to have the amendment
printed.
| NAVAL APPROPRIATION BIIL.
j On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House re-
[ solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the bill making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1849, (Mr. Thompson, of Indiana, in the
chair.)
When the committee rose yesterday the amend-
ment of Mr. Duncan, of Kentucky, was pending,
viz: For the completion of the marine hospitals at
| Pittsburg, Cleveland, and Louisville, §50,000.
j Which amendment Mr. BROWN, of Missis-
| sippi, moved to amend by inserting after the word
| "Louisville" the word "Natchez," and to m-
j crease the sum from $50,000 to §60,000.
; The question -was stated on agreeing to the
| amendment of Mr. Brown, and being put, it was
I agreed to.
Mr. FRENCH then moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto, "for the erection of a ma-
rine hospital at Paducah, Kentucky, on the Gov-
ernment ground, §10,000."
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, objected to the
I amendment as being out of order, and thereupon
! a protracted debate on order took place, in which
| Messrs. DUNCAN, POLLOCK, SCHENCK,
and McLANE took part, and which ended in pro-
nouncing the amendment to be in order.
Mr. Fkenuh's amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. HUNT moved an amendment proposing
for the completion of the marine hospitals at Lou-
isville, Pittsburg, and Cleveland, each, $10,000;
for the erection of marine hospitals at Paducah,
Natchez:, and St. Louis, each, $10,000; and also
for the construction of a marine hospital on the
Government ground at Chicago, $10,000.
Mr. H. explained the provisions of his amend-
ment, which had originally been reported from the
Committee on Commerce. The hospitals at Lou-
isvilie, Cleveland, and Pittsburg had been already
commenced. The title to the ground at Paducah,
St. Louis,, and Natchez had now been perfected,
and the committee were of opinion that appropri-
ations should be made to commence work nt each
of those points, and they directed such a measure
to be pioposed-as ail item to be inserted in th«
naval appropriation bill. They also recommended
another item of §10,000 for n similar work at Chi-
cago, to be commenced as soon as the title to the-
grou«d at that place should have been secured.
He hoped the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Doncan] would accept the amendment he pro-
posed as a substitute for that offered by himself.
Mr. DUNCAN had no objection to do so, sav-s
that §10,000 was too small a sum to complete the
hospital which had been commenced at Louisville,
oh the plan on which it had been commenced.
Mr. HUNT suggesting that that sum misrht an-
swer for the present year, and a further amount,,
if necessary, would doubtless be granted the yeur
following—
Mr. DUNCAN accepted the substitute.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, by leave,
made a statement of the condition and progress ol"
the hospital building at Pittsburg, the sums thus'
far expended r and urged the necessity of com-
pleting the building.
Mr. McKAY said that there was some misappre-
hension as to the fund out of which these appro-
priations when made were to be paid. Some seera
to think they would be payable out of the marine
hospital fund, which was formed by the collection
of twenty cents per month from each seaman, in-
cluding the boatmen, on the western waters, that
amount being deducted from their wages. That
was a mistake. That fund had been regularly
expended, since its formation, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, in affording relief
to destitute seamen, either in public hospitals or
private boarding-houses. It was true, that m the
act of the 16th of July, 1T98, which created the
fund, there was a provision, that in case there
should be any surplus, it should be applied to the
erection of hospitals. But no such surplus had
ever accumulated. It would be seen, by an exec-
utive document communicated s-ome years ago-,
that there had been collected undei'tbis law, up to
the 31st December, 1841, the sum of $2,173,101 IS,
and that Congress had appropriated within the
same period, in aid of the fund, $550,069 34, ths
whole of which-had been spent in providing "-for
the temporary relief and maintenance of sick and
disabled seamen," according to the act of 179&.
Many of the committee, perhaps, would he sur-
prised when they learned how few hospitals had
been established under the authority of the Gov-
ernment. There were, until the last few years,
only two in the United States: one at' Chelsea,
Massachusetts, and the other at Norfolk, Virginia.
The one in Charleston, South Carolina, had been
established under peculiar circumstances. An ap-
propriation for its benefit was first made in the year
1830; and it will be seen, from the terms of the act,
that the buildings then belonged to the city au-
thorities, and that the appropriation was intended
to execute a contract which had been entered into
as far back as 1804,between the Secretary of the
Treasury and the city council. The whole amount
expended for these hospitals, in the purchase of
grounds and buildings,-up to the 31st December,
1841, according to the document before referred to,
was §63,780 39. There had been since appropri-
ated for the same purposes at Ocracoke, Key West,
Mobile, New Orleans, Cleveland, Louisville, and
Pittsburg, §206,696, the whole of which was for
the benefit of the Southwest, except the small sum
of §10,000 for a hospital at Ocracoke, North Caro-
lina. Now, the amendment before the committee
proposed the establishment of seven additional hos-
pitals in the same section of the Union, literally dot-
ting the Ohio and Mississippi with these establish-
ments. He would submit that the adoption of the
amendment would be exceedingly utijustto the other
partsot tlreUmon. I have already stated that theie
are only four, including the one m North Carolina,
recently conSTi ucted,along theseacoast,from Maine
to Georgia, inclusive. Theie tire none at Port-
land, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Wil-
mington, Savannah—not to mention several other
towns on the Atlantic which have equal claims
upon the Government with any of those named in
the amendment. If these hospitals are considered,
the belter plan for providing for the temporary re-
lief of sick and disabled seamen, some system
should be observed in the establishment having
