838
the congressional globe.
June 14-
Was, that «o man had the right to exercise the
lash on the back of ihe seamen and marines. He
believed they vrere created for a different purpose.
He also believed that the whipping was generally
done by drunken officers. He had been asked how
he would regulate the navy without corporal pun-
ishment? to which he replied, by moral suasion.
Be would act in such eases as in other affairs-of life.
If a sailor behaved himself badly, discharge him.
Or, as an inducement to good conduct, higher
wages might be paid ,to him; but the barbarous
Draclice of lashing the sailor's back he could not tol-
erate. It was barbarous, and ought to be abolished.
Whipping for crimes was formerly in force in
many of the States of this Union, but the moral
sense of the community had abolished it, and he
saw not why it should not be* abolished also in
relation to seamen. There was an evident deter-
mination with some gentlemen to continue the
spirit rations, which were an inducement and a
temptation to,get drunk, and then, for what the
sailors did while under the influence of liquor, they
•were tied up at the gangway, and flogged to the
amount of 50 or 100 lashes. He would dimmish
the great moving cause of offence, and he would
abolish cruel and degrading punishments, which,
■with all propriety, could be abolished, and he was
salisied this amendment would meet with the ap-
probation of their constituents.
Mr. N1COLL suggested some modification of
the amendment,.for he supposed the gentleman
from'Ohio did not intend that there should be no
punishment whatever in the naval service.
After a few words from Messrs. ATKINSON
and VENABLE, the amendment to the amend-
ment was declared to be agreed to.
Mr.,T. B. KING called for a division on the
adoption .of the atnendment to the amendment,
and he called upon the committee to reject it.
The vote was again taken by Messrs. McLane
and Pollock, tellers, and it was agreed to—68
voting in the affirmative, the negative not counted.
Mr. McKAY called the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that the existing Jaw on the
statute-book made provision for the commutation
of the spirit ration.
The question being on the amendment as amend-
ed—
Mr. T. B. KING moved an amendment to en-
able him to say that if this House should adopt a
provision whereby they would prohibit any officer
from drinking wine on board a ship, they would
make themselves a laughing-stock to the world;
and if they absolutely abolished corporal punish-
ment by whipping, they would seriously injure the
discipline of the service, in which there was already
a tendency to produce too much laxity. Disci-
pline was essential. He inquired if they could
bring up men to the cannon's mouth without dis-
cipline? No, there must he discipline as stem as
death itself, or the service would suffer material
injury. With respect to the spirit lation, he
should be glad to see some substitute adopted-
something that would induce the sailor to refuse it
and prevent its becoming a habit with the lands-
men and boys fiom the time they enter upon the
service. By the act of 1842, in the passage of
•which he had some instrumentality, the use of tke
spirit ration had been reduced about one-half, and
he should be glad to see it entirely abolished, and
some suiiable commutation established; but it was
not the proper way of doing it by proposing these
amendments to thjs bill, and he hoped they would
be abandoned. If ihey were not withdrawn, and
if they should be adopted, they would lender the
seivice ridiculous, and would seriously-affect its
efficiency. He withdrew his amendment.
Mr. VINTON renewed the amendment, for the
purpose of obtaining the opportunity of saying to
the committee, that under the practice which it
seemed was now about to grow up in the com-
mittee, it was to him very apparent that the ap-
propriation bills could not be passed within any
reasonable time, so as to meet the exigencies of the
Government. The rules of the House were in
tended to pievent tins kind of general legislation.
It was intended to do this, in the first place, be-
cause the appropriation bills must pass. No mat-
ter what general laws they incorporated into these
bills by way of amendment, tiiey must pass, and
that was the objection which he had to this mode
Of general legislation. Then again, the general
policy of the Government should be settled by the
Weful examination of committees; and yet here,
under the operation of the five-minutes rule, a
gentleman rose and moved an amendment to alter
the general laws of the land, without the examina-
tion of a committee, without a lepurt upon its
merits, without a statement of the facts upon
which it was based, for they could not be stated
in five, minutes; and, in short, without any con-
sideration, such an amendment was to be thrust
into a bill which must go through and become a
law. If this practice was to prevail, the appro-
priation bills iiever-would be got through. They
had had before them for three or four months the
appropriation bills, and they were not half passed.
They were now within two or three weeks of the
close of the fiscal year, when the Government
would require the appropriations which these bills
would make, and, after they passed this House,
they would have to go to the Senate to be acted
upon by that body. He appealed, therefore, to
his friends on that side of the House, who were
in the majority, and responsible for the despatch
of business, and for providing the ways and means
for the operations of the Government, to stand by
bills, and see them carried through. If this prac-
tice was to prevail, it would be impossible to carry
through these bills without resorting to the prac-
tice which prevailed when he first came to this
House, and that was, to sit a bill out. ["Agreed !
agreed!"] He called upon ins friends to sit out
this bill. [Renewed cries of "Agreed!"] He
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, (having
moved an amendment,) said that gentlemen stated
that at some future time they might make the
changes in the regulations of the service which had
been suggested; but why not do it now? it was
the opinion of surgeons in the naval service, and
some of our best officeis, that the spirit ration
could be dispensed with now. They say, further,
that the spirit ration is the cause of the greaier
part of the punishments of winch gentlemen had
spoken, lie had never seen a surgeon in the navy
who had not jecommended the abolition of it; and
he could not but wonder that gentlemen here should
say ihat if the seamen were not allowed these spirit
rations, they would get woise habits. It is well
known that the habits of the sailor were formed
by this daily administering to those habits. But
if these rations were given up, temperance on board
of our ships would be secured. To guide us in this
matter, we hau the experience of another branch.
.We had but from eight thousand to nine thousand
seamen m the United Slates navy, whereas there
were from one hundred thousand to two hundred
thousand in other branches of the marine service.
He alluded to the merchant ships, coasting vessels,
whalers, &c., in nine-tenths of which no ardent
spirits were allowed. He urged, then, on the com-
mittee to pass no laws by which the cup would be
lifted to the mouth of the seamen. He wished not
lo resoit to coercion to secure sobriety, but he
was equally desirous that there should be no coer-
cion in the use of spirits. The voice of humanity
appealed to them to act at once on this matter.
The good of the service and the welfare of the
men requued it^ and he hoped they should not be
diverted from their pui pose by a sneer, nor permit
the loss of the amendment by loading it down with
amendments which certainly would not improve
it.
Mr. ROOT (who had also obtained an opportu-
nity to speak by moving an amendment, which he
withdrew w hen he finished) said they had heard
an earnest appeal from the chairman of the Naval
Committee [Mr. King] not to make the reforms
which some of them contemplated, and he told
them further that if they would refer to the officers
of the navy, they would learn that the use of the
" cat" was indispensable, especially in bringing up
the men to fight. Now, as to the kind of courage
which the " cat" would infuse into a man, or the
operation of whipping insubordination out of a
man, he would orny say that it would be better to
dispense with such a system altogether, or to dis-
pense with the persons who could not get along
without it. Gentlemen would recollect that the
time had been when " witches" were put to death,
and the abolition of that punishment then, like the
abolition of flogging in the navy now, he had no
doubt met with many opposers who deemed it in-
dispensable. Again, it was no very distant day
since whipping for crime was a common punish-
ment m many of the States. It was doubtless
deemed4ndispensabie when it was practised, but,
thank God, it was now abolished; and he hoped
tbey would lake from commanding officers and all
tlje other officers the power to administer corporal
punishment to the men under their command. H&
hoped the •' adjutant's daughter'1 would be turned
out of the service, for we couid well dispense with
her.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired what substitute for -
corporal punishment his colleague would propose?
Mr. ROOT replied that he would leave that to
the ingenuity of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr,
Schenck;} but if no punishment in lieu of so bar-
barous a practice could be found, in God's name,
do not, at this period of the world, permit a law
to exist which would authoiize any petty tyrant to
tie up God's image, and whip him for " the good
of the service.''5 He hoped the practice would be
abolished forever. As to what his colleague [Mr.
Vsnton] had satd about introducing general legis-
lation into appropriation bills, he would only say
that he fully concurred with that gentleman; but
here was a proposition before the committee, and he
hoped the committee would sustain it.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend by inserting
the words, u and that it shall not be lawful for any
' commander to shorten sail in a storm without
' first piping all hands on deck, and taking a vote
' of the ship's company." He said that gentlemen
had spoken much of petty tyranny in this House
who could not by any possibility have seen that
of which they spoke; and yet they now sought, by
amendments to an appropriation bill, to make es-
sential and radical changes in the whole discipline
of the navy without being able to suggest any sub-
stitute for that with which they were disposed to
dispense. In the States they might abolish the
whipping-post, and they might resort to confine-
ment m prison, but what jacktar in a hundred was
there that would not give a blessing to the man
who should give him an exemption from work by
confining him on board of ship? It was suggested
that the sailor in confinement might be s'arved in-
stead of whipped; but he saw not why "God's
image" should be punished inwardly more than
t outwardly. Gentlemcntalkedofpunishment being
inflicted by petty officers in the service; but gentle-
men were evidently not aware that a single blow
could not be struck without an appeal to ihe com-
manding officer of the vessel, and an officer who
should do so would be liable to a trial by court
martial. Gentlemen should bear in mind that
when they sent a ship to sea, they sent but eight,
ten, fifteen, or twenty officers to command eight
hundred or a thousand men, amongst whom there
were many turbulent spirits, who, without strict
discipline, might turn upon their officers, and ren-
der the service useless. From a petition signed by
the seamen and boys on board the steamship
Union, he found ihat in the navy itself there was
an opinion against the abolition of corporal pun-
ishment. This was the opinion of all gentlemen
who had had much experience in naval affairs.
This whole subject of abolishing corporal pun-
ishment in the navy had been ieferred to the Sec-
retary of the Navy by this House in the 28th
Congress, and his opinion asked as to any possi-
ble substitute, and he had imported " that it could
' not be dispensed with on shipboard without in-
' jury to the discipline of the service, and endan-
* genng the safety of our ships of war/*
The Secretary's report was in these terms:
Navy Department, February 24, 3845.
Sir- In obedience to a resolution, leqnestiiij? *" the Secre-
< tary of the Navy to report to the Jiou?o of Representatives
' what substitute, if any, can be made for the present mode
' of coiporal punishment in the navy, without endangering
4 the di-.eipluie of the service," I have the honor to repoit:
That the subject ha? engaa«d my nio-t a*m<<us attention,
and that I .im not aware of any mode of punishment that
can be substituted by which the authority, as now conferred
by i.tw, to inflict corporal junmhment, is lo be wholly
Miper.seded, without serious injury to the discipline and
efficiency of the tervice. In the present state of the law,
coiporal punifhment cannot be inflictt-d except by order
of the eonmmndms officer, on his responsibility ; he cannot
inflict more than twelve lashe«;a court-martial, (or an
offence not capital, cannot exceed one bundled lashes. This
powei of the commander cannot be deli gated to his ■subor-
dinates; and, by a regulation of the department, quarterly
returns are required from every ship in commiSMon, showing
the offences, the punishment*, and by whose order they are
inflicted. These report> nie carefully examined, and ft has
affoided me much satisfaction to perceive that in -some of
our public vessels punishments are very rarely reported to.
In considering the impor'ant inquiry presented by the
resolution of the House of Representative.-", we should not
fail to dnect attention to the light in which such oorpoial
punishment is regarded by those who are subject to it. f
confidently believe that n is not regarded as a personal deg-
radation by the great body of seaipen in the navy, but that
