840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr DOWNS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following House bills without
amendment: T n . •
Art act for the relief of Phihp J. Fontam,
An act for the relief of the owners of the Span-
ish brig Restaurador.
. .Mr* BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of Robert
Ramsay, withoat amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following House
bills,without amendment:
.' An act for the relief of Artemas Conant.
• . An act for the relief of Jesse Washington Jaclt-
800. :
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Sheflett.
An act for the relief of Hugh Riddle.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same committee,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill for the relief of William Tee, of
Portsmouth, Virginia, and that it be referred to
die Committee on Nayal Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on House bills for the relief
. of Sarah Wood and for the relief of Daniel H.
Warren.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with an amendment,
the>following bill: "An act to provide for the pay-
ment of horses and other property lost or destroyed
in .tl^e.military service of the United States," ap-
proved 18th January, 1827, and the acts approved
14th February, 1837, and August 23,1842, amend-
atory, of the .same.
Mr. B. asked that the bill might be considered
at once, wMch- was agreed to; and, after the amend-
ment wag explained, it was agreed to, and the bill
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. RUSK,.from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported the joint resolution from the
House providing for the "payment of the Texas
troops called out by order of Colonel Curtis, with
an amendment.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the bill and amend-
ment were considered in Committee of the Whole,
and, after having been explained, the amendment
was agreed to, and tiie bill was read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report on the bill for the
.relief of John R. Bryan.
Mr. BADGER called up the following resolution
for consideration:
Kesolved, That there be printed for the ase of the Senate
-— copies of Executive document No. 60 of the House of
Representatives of the present session, for the use of the
Senate, without the Mexican war correspondence.
Mr. B. moved to fill the blank with 10,000 copies.
.Mr. NIL'ES inquired as to the extent of the
correspondence embraced in this document.
Mr.WESTCOTT and Mr. MA.INGUM said a
few- words, which were almost entirely inaudible
in the gallery. They were understood to sta e
that the whole of the correspondence, excepting
such as had been communicated in Executive ses-
sion, was contained in it.
_ With the consent of Mr. BADGER, the resolu-
tion was. laid over by common consent.
•Mr. BREESE called for the special order, being
the bill tQ establish a Territorial Government in
Oregon.
• ■' inquired if the Indian appro-
priation bill hod not the precedence?
M16 P''0 'T deci^ed that " ha(i-
Mr. BREESE then moved to postpone the con-
sideration of the Indian appropriation bill or to
pass it by.
i F1'' A,THERT°N expressed the hope that the
bill would not be passed by, but that an hour
would be appropriated to its consideration.
Mr. DAYTON hoped the Senate would first
dispose of the Indian appropriation bill, which at
present blocked up the way.
Mr. BREESE suggested that the Indian appro-
priation bill might occupy the Senate a day, or
perhaps a week. The subject of the special order
had been brought to the attention of the Senate by
a message from the President of the United States,
and he hoped it would be taken up.
The question was then taken by ayes and noes
and decided in the negative: Ayes 14, noes 19.
The resolution submitted by Mr. WESTCOTT
yesterday, instructing the Committee on Patents'
to inquire into the propriety of paying Mr. Fleisch-
mann for certain work prepared by him, was con-
sidered and agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill, the amendment pending being that
offered by'Mr. Bell in relation to the Cherokee
Indians.
Mr. BELL went again into an explanation of
the grounds on which his amendment was intro-
duced, reiterating the history of the treaty of New
Echota, by which five millions was stipulated to
be paid to the Cherokees for these lands. The
Senate afterwards determined that the cost of re-
moval should not be deducted from the five mil-
lions. The Cherokees residing in North Carolina
became dissatisfied,'because, although equally en-
titled with the treaty pajty, they had not received'
their quota of the amounfOf the appropriation for
removal and subsistence, amounting to $53 33
each. The North Carolina Indians were no par-
ties to the treaty, yet their land was sold from
them, and they were compelled to purchase other
lands of the Government at the minimum price.
The treaty gave them a right to what they claim,
although they refused to remove to west of the
Mississippi. He read extracts from the treaty
and from other documents, which he relied on as
sustaining the claim. The instructions of the Uni-
ted States Government to the commissioners were
also quoted to the same effect. When the North
Carolina Indians asked the commissioner why he
had ceded away their country, and whether they
were to be entitled to the same advantages as those
who had agreed to the treaty, he replied that such
was his^construction of the treaty. The vote on
the ratification of the treaty was very close in the
Senate. If the construction of the Senator from
New Hampshire and of the Executive be the cor-
rect one, the North Carolina Cherokees have lost
the whole of their lands, and are not to receive a
cent for them. By making an additional appro-
priation for the cost of removal and subsistence,
the Government of the United States admitted that
this expense was not to be taken out of the live
| millions Indian fund. In addition to this, the Gov-
I ernment had pledged itself, two yeais after the rat-
ification of the treaty, to pay the whole expenses
of removal and subsistence. In every view, the
claim was equitable, and there was no fund out of
which it could be paid.
Mr. MANGUM considered the argument and
exposition of the Senator from Tennessee so con-
clusive, as to require no additional support. He
appealed to the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] as to the difficulty with which this In-
dian treaty was ratified. He stated that the vote
on the ratification was 30 to 15, exactly one ma-
jority in the constitutional construction. He had
been induced to give his vote for the ratification,
which he did very reluctantly, knowing before-
hand that it could not be ratified without his vote,
and he could have never given his vote for it, had
he not been satisfied that the true construction was
that which has been given by the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr. CAL.HOUK recollected the circumstances
attending the ratification of the treaty generally,
although he did not remember the particular inci-
dent alluded to by the Senator from North Caro-
lina. But he had not the least doubt of its entire
correctness. He had never regarded the treaty as
a treaty at all. He thought the North Carolina
Indians had fared very badly. He had been at one
time opposed to this claim; but the investigation
o'it ? much weakened this impression,
bull, he required more light before he could finally
make up his mind.
Mr. MANGUM said the statement of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina was perfectly accurate.
He had himself felt assured that it was no treaty
V~i 5- ad Vfte^br il to save the Chero-
kees from the sword of Georgia.
swOTd?BEERIEN' "SwordofGeorgia!" What
. Mr. MANGUM. He meant simply that Geor-
giawas determined to have the landjnd this he
he used the expression.
mt:ilfafeRIEN T* T^= to ">e
iited States, regarding herself as entitled to the
lands by cession from the United States. As to
waging war against the poor defenceless Indians
Georgia never had such in intention '
Mr. ATHERTON made some remarks in reply
to what had been said by the Senator from Ten-
nessee, contending that it was designed that the
coat of the removal and subsistence should be taken
out of the five millions fund. He expressed his read-
iness to do justice to these North Carolina Indians,
provided that the subject was introduced in a sep-
: arate bill. If he could then discover that the claim
was just, according to his views, and if these In-
dians had been badly treated, he should be disposed
II to vote for it. He desired this claim to be kept
jl outofthe bill, because there was a question involv-
ji ing the claim pending, which would have to be
jl gone into shortly. The other portion of the Cher-
■| okees have a memorial before the Senate, praying
li that the whole cost of removal and subsistence
|j should be paid out of the United States treasury,
|| and not out of the Indian fund.
11 Mr. HALE wished his colleague to say whether
the Indian lands had been sold by the United States
for above half a million, and what portion of thia
had been paid to the Cherokees ?
Mr. ATHERTON was not sufficiently informed
to reply.
Mr. HALE had understood that the Cherokees
had not received a dollar.
Mr. MANGUM. Not a dollar.
Mr. BUTLER wished to know how the Cher-
okees in North Carolina were connected with the
Georgia Indians ?
Mr. BELL replied that they belonged to the
same tribe of Indians. He stated that the treaty
party denied the right of the North Carolina In-
dians to any portion of the sum appropriated for
j the removal and subsistence of the Cherokees.
| Mr. N1LES said the great question before the
| Senate, when the treaty was under consideration,
i was as to the manner in which it was negotiated.
I His opinion, and, he believed, the general sense of
i the Senate, as to the amount given for the lands,
i was that the appropriation was very ample, both
| for the lands and the cost of removal and subsist-
i ence. But it seems this has been expended in the
j cost of removing and subsisting those who were
■ willing to go; so that they who remain get nothing
; for their improvements, while those who have
gone have homes in the West. He thought it just,
then, that these North Carolina Indians should be
paid. Again: these North Carolina Indians had
been no party to the treaty; and if they had re-
ceived no advantage from it, he thought they had
a strong claim on the Government. He did not,
however, regard this as the best form in which the
appropriation should be made.
Mr. ATHERTON said that the North Carolina
Cherokees were receiving the same a  other In-
dians who remove from other States. If they had
been deluded, he was willing to pay them, but not
in thi3 form. These Indians have been paid for
their improvements.
TMr. BERRIEN asked if the Senator from New
Hampshire knew that these North Carolina In-
dians had received any payments ?
Mr. ATHERTON had so understood it.
Mr. MANGUM said some of the North Caro-
lina Indians had received payment for improve-
ments.
The debate was still continued by Mr. BER-
RIEN, Mr. ATHERTON, Mr. BUTLER, and
Mr. WEBSTER; when—
The question was taken, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchinon, Badger, Bell, Benton, Berrien
Borland, Butler, Coram, Downs, Greene, Hale, Johnson of
Louisiana, Lewis, Manguin, Miller, Nilcs, Pciircc Eusk
Spiuanee; Underwood, Upliain, and VVeb.ter—"2 '
NAYS—Mes is. Alherlon, Bradbury, Bieesc, Ditvk nf
Mississippi, Uajton, Dickinson, Dix, Fekll. Hamlin, Hunter,
Johnson of Georgia, Mru-on, Sebastian, Sturgeon, 'i'urnov
Westeott, and Yuiee—17. ' i urnoj,
Mr. RUSK submitted the following amendment:
Be it further enacted, That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby auihorized, bv and with the ail-
tl,e?enate> to appoint one Superintend-
entoi Indian Affairs and !>uch mimbfr of sub-nsent* as he
«cce<lin8 I** the Ind.ans re-
lhft,Slut" 'and that the sum of ten thou-
-.and dollars lie, and the same is heicbv appropriated out of
?hpyn"]?nenr!h.ev,lrea?"rj not °"'er'vise appropriated, for
the Pre ■ ,, salaries of said officers, and to enable
nn, ri'«?,, •a"1p ? Tn 1 Ule lrealy  'to «>y U e
United btates with said Indians,
Mr, RUSK explained his object, which was to
restrain the vagrant Creeks and Cherokees which
were commuting outrages on the citizens of Texas.
Ihe United States were bound to protect the citi-
zens of Texas against the incursions of Indians.
I exas suffered no injuries from the Camanches.
