1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
man got the $1,200. This amendment was to allow
the senior midshipman while acting as lieutenant
to continue to receive the higher salary. It was
just, and he hoped would be adopted.
After a few words from Mr. SCHENCK, (on
an amendment moved and withdrawn,) Mr.
Brown's amendment was adopted.
Mr. CABELL moved an ainendmdntas an ad-
ditional section, authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to make an agreement with the assignees of
the contract with A. G. Sloo for the transportation
of the United States mail from INew York to New
Orleans, to touch, going and returning from port
to port, at Key West, or to convey the mad in a
small steamer, to be commanded by an officer of
the United States navy from Key West to Havana.
He briefly presented the importance of mail
facilities, not only to the inhabitants of the island
of Key West, but to all parts of the country hav-
ing communication with it, and urged the adoption
of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK again submitted an amend-
ment, which was ruled out of order yesterday,
to provide for the indemnification of officeis and
seamen for losses sustained by the wrecking of
certain vessels.
The CHAIR decided it to be out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed, but the decision of
the Chair was sustained by the committee.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted an amendment to
fix the commencement of the graduated pay of
surgeons m the navy at the time they enter into
the service, and not at the date of their appoint-
ment. Agreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved an amendment to require
the Secretary of the Navy to report annualiy the
number of floggings m the service. He said it
■was alleged that such a system existed in the navy,
and it was proper that the facts should be put upon
record for tlie guidance of the House, that here-
after it might legislate undersiandingly on that
subject.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment out
of oider, but upon appeal taken by Mr. McKay,
the decision was reversed, and the amendment
decided in order by the House.
After some observations by Mr. SCHENCK,
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN offered an amendment for the
appropriation of $49,400 for the removal of a dam
in the Ohio river, which he specified.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. DUNCAN appealed, but the Chair was
sustained.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
rose and icported the bill and amendments to the
House; and Mr. V. moved the previous question
thereon, which was sustained by the House.
The first amendment to which objection was
made was that which proposed an appropriation of
$5,000 for making astronomical observations in
Chili, South America.
Mr. SAWYER called for the yeas and nays
thereon, which weie ordered; and resulted—yeas
105, navs 65.
Mr. McKAY called for the yeas and nays on
the next amendment, which proposed an appropri-
ation for lines of steamships to carry the United
States mail from NewYoik to Liverpool, New
York to New Orleans, Panama to Astoria, &c.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted thus—yeas 118, nays 57.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment objected to was the one
appropriating #2,000 for taking meteorological ob-
servations, on which Mr. JONEt>, of lennessee,
asked a special vote; which was taken, and the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DANIEL "asked a separate vote on the
amendment appropriating, for the completion of
the marine hospitals at Pittsburg, Cleveland, and
Louisville,$10,000 each; and for the commence-
ment of marine hospitals at St. Louis, Faducah,
Natchez, Napoleon, and Chicago, on the sites
owned by the United States, $10,000 each.
The vote was taken by yeas and nays, and re-
sulted—yeas 120, nays 41. So the amendment
was concurred m.
A septu ate vote was taken, by yeas and nays,
on the amendment authorizing the Secretary of the
Navv, in further execution of the law of 1847,
makin^ appropriations for the naval service, to
contract with Samuel D. Dakin and Kutherford
Moody for the construction of a sectional floati-ng
dry dock, basin, and railways, at Philadelphia;
and with John S. Gilbert and Zeno Secor for the
construction of a sectional dry dock, basin, and
railways, at Pensacola; and to contiact with either
of the above-named parties for a sectional or float-
ing dry dock, basin, and railways, at Kittery,
Maine, and resulted—yeas 117, nays 48. So the
amendment was concuired in.
A separate vote was taken on the amendment
allowing six cents per day to those seamen in the
navy of the United States who may elect to re-
ceive the same in lieu of the spirit ration now
allowed; and the amendment was agieed to.
The amendment authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to make an agreement with the assignees of
A. G. Sloo for the transportation of the mail be-
tween New York and New Orleans, to touch at
Key West going and returning, or to convey the
mail in a small steamer from Key West to Ha-
vana, to be commanded by an officer of the navy,
was voted on separately by yeas and nays, and
was disagreed to—yeas 68, nays 78.
The question was put on the other amendments
of the Committee ot the Whole, to which no ex-
ception was taken, and they were severally agreed
to.
And the bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote
ordering the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. MURPHY moved to lay that motion on
the table. Agreed to.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
I The following memorials and petitions were presented
umtei the rule, and relerred:
T>v Mr. IlOUaTON, of Delaware: A memoiial s-igrted liy
sundiy citizen*, pra>n u tor the establishment of a inarme
ho-pital at tl>e bdawaie Uieakwator, Lewes, D< l.tw.ue.
Bv Mr. GltCEN : The petition tor the relief ot the heirs
and legal lepies-enumves of Joseph Spencer, deceased, a
captain in tli'i revolutionaiy army. Also, the petition of the
heirs and legal lepresenUtivcs of Colonel Joacpn Crocked,
deceased, pi.uing lehef.
By Mr. GOT i'• The petition of citizens of the county of
Onondaga, New York, prayuig for a repeal of the act of
Congress imposing postage upon newspapers within thirty
miles of th'j place of publication.
By Mr KELLOGG- The petition of Charles Stewait.
By Mr. TALLMADGG : A memoiial of Luther Bindish
and others, meuitkra oi the Historical Society ot New Yoik,
urging upon Congress to purchase Mount Veinon.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 15, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair
this morning, and laid before the Senate a report
of the Secretai y of War, made m compliance with j
a resolution of the 28th ultimo, calling for the j
number of Creek Indian warriors killed or wound-
ed, or who had died, while in the service of the
United States during the war in Florida.
[This document contains a muster-roll of the
Indians, with the r names, some of whom were
conspicuous in the Florida campaign.]
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from
W. H. Eaton, asking remuneration for a horse
purchased from the United States which proved
unsound; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition from citizens
of Charleston, asking that the spirit ration in the
naVy may be abolished; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, asking an increase of the
naval establishment of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, communicating a joint resolution to
regulate the discharge and payment of the troops
returning fiom the Mexican war.
Mr. BENTON inquired if it was not the same
in effect as that which he had introduced yester-
day? If it was the same, and there was no ob-
jection, he would move to proceed to its immediate
consideration, as he intended, at the moment it
was received, to call to the attention of the Senate
the one yesterday submitted.
The resolution from the House having been
read—
Mr. BREESE professed not to understand its
meaning, at least so far as the marine corps was
concerned. He adverted to the fact, that, under a
late act, there had been an increase of the marine
corps, by which captains had been made from the
rank of first lieutenants, and so on from the infe-
rior grade of officers. If the joint resolution were
passed in its present shape, it would materially
disturb the present position of the corps. What
was to bccome of them when disbanded? These
officers could not go back to their original rank;
that was a thing never heard of. He thought we
ought to await the peace proclamation of the Pres-
ident, who might, in his message, recommend a
peace establishment on a larger scale, such as the
extended frontier acquired would seem to warrant.
He did not see how this thing would work as to
the marine corps. He would prefer that the sub-
ject be postponed.
Mr. BENTON had no objection that the reso-
lution should he over until to-morrow; and in the
mean time, he would submit an amendmentgiving
three months' extia pay to the officers thus dis-
banded.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Maryland, inquired if the
men were included in the amendment?
Mr. BENTON replied that it did not include the
men; they had their land bounty. The amendment
was the same as that adopted on the disbandment
of the army in 1815.
Mr. CAMERON was in favor of extending-it to
the non-commissioned officers and privates, and
moved to amend the amendment to that effect.
Mr. BENTON. And musicians.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, musicians. I accept
the modification.
Mr. WEBSTER. All correct, sir; all correct.
Mr. ATCHISON asked if this included ah the
troops? He thought there should be some dis-
crimination. There weie many of the troops who
would in that case leceive this additional gratuity
who had never even smelt gunpowder. These
would all be entitled to their lands, and now were
to receive three months' extra pay. If the amend-
ment could be so modified as to include those only
who had served through the war, he would have
no objection. He had no doubt that hundreds
upon hundreds Had enlisted with a view to land and
other bounty, believing the war would be at an
end before they got there; and were such to be
entitled to the same lemuneration as those who
had brunted the whole war, and been engaged in
almost every battle? He was willing to extend it
to all who had been engaged mentoriously in the
service.
Mr. WEBSTER said he took an opposite view
of the matter from the Senator fiom Missouri, [Mr.
i Atchison.] It was said that many of the troops
sent to Mexico had nevei smelt gunpowder. The
greater their misfortune. The desire of every offi-
cer and soldier who had entered the service of his
country was distinction; and such as had not had
the good fortune to meet the enemy were loud in
the expression of their regret, their deep regret,
that they had been deprived of the opportunity of
participating in the glory of our military achieve-
ments. He knew of no safe principle on which
we could act, unless we embrace the whole. All
had taken their chance; but all had to encounter
the disease of the climate, more fatal than the swoid.
He wished to see all placed on an equality. If the
! amendment was madeapplicable to officers, it ought
I also to embrace soldiers, all of whom had entered
| with a view of performing the service they were
j called on to perform; and if it were not made to
j, embrace all, he, for one, would not concur.
!i Mr. BENTON thought it could he over until
'! to-morrow, when the amendments could be prop-
' erly prepared.
I; Mr. ATCHISON felt the force of the remarks
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. web-
'j ster,] and agreed with him that it was rather re-
i garded as a misfoitune by those troops that they
|! had not smelt gunpowder. His remarks were in-
1; tended to apply to those who had never reached
Mexico; indeed, many had been enlisted within
[i the last two months, and hud never reache< the
1' scene of warlike operations. These would all re-
1 ceive their 160 acres of land, at the minimum price
1 worth J200. And were those just enlisted to be
entitled to the same remuneration as those who had
! fought through every battle and periled the deadly
i> climate? His object was to make a proper and
|j legitimate distinction, and not to place those who
