1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
■which he intended to offeror to the general pro-
visions of the bill ?
Mr. STANTON said he spoke of the provisions
of the bill generally; and, while speaking "on the
subject of fortifications, he believed he should not
be out of order in the course he designed to pur-
sue. The War Department of this Government
has directed observations of the kind that he spoke
of to be made by officers in the service. It was a
part of the purpose for which sucFi appropriations
were made. He candidly admitted that his object
was to reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Virginia, made the other day, and he presumed a
reply would now be in order. The committee
•would bear testimony that he made no allusion to
the gentleman from Virginia when he addressed
the House a few days ago. He made no attack
on that gentleman. He made no attack on any-
body. The considerations which he presented to
the committee at that time were very simply ex-
pressed; they were very unpretending in their
cliaiacter, and they could furnish the gentleman
fiom Virginia no possible motive nor any reason-
able excuse for making any attack on him. The
honorable gentleman from Virginia, in the course
of his remarks, referred to a message of Mr.J. Q,.
Adams to Congress in 1825, in which Mr. Adams
recommended to Congress to establish a national
observatory for astronomical purposes, and he
took occasion to say, that "then the Democrats
' ridiculed the recommendation, and the words
' ' light-houses in the skies' were used as terms of
' reproach. The Democratic party then repudiated
' the idea that the Constitution gave to Congress
' the power to create or establish a national ob-
' servatory. What was then considered Federal-
• ism is now advocated by some of the progressive j
« Democracy. The gentleman from Tennessee 1
' [Mr. Stanton] has adopted one of the Federal ,
« notions of Mr. John Q,. Adams, as set forth in
' his message; perhaps he has adopted the other,
' that ' the representative is not to be palsied by
' the will of his constituents.' He trusted, how-
' ever, it was not so."
Two years ago he (Mr. S.) had the honor of
offering in this House an amendment to the naval
appropriation bill, proposing an appropriation for
the puipose of computing and publishing a nautical
almanac. He had never, except in voting for the
general appropriation bill and offering that amend-
ment, had any part in the establishment of a na-
tional observatory, although, if it had been his lot
to have been in Congress when the appropriation
for that purpose was passed, he should have voted
for it with great pleasure; and he should not have
imagined that, by any intelligent gentleman, he
could have been supposed to have subjected him-
self to the charge of federalism.
Mr. EMBR.EE rose to a question of order. He
thought it was time that the members of thisHouse
should confine themselves to the business before
them, and he desired the Chairman to confine
gentlemen to the bill making appropriations for
fortifications, which was now before the commit-
^The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman from
Tennessee was speaking of the bill generally, and
therefore he was in order and would proceed.
Mr. ATKINSON rose and said he begged that
the gentleman from Tennessee would be allowed
to proceed.
Mr. STANTON resumed. He thought the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia was mistaken when
he supposed, as he said the other day, that this
particular recommendation of Mr. John Qumcy
Adams was the principal cause of his defeat.
Mr. ATKINSON. One of the causes.
Mr'. STANTON. Well, one of the causes of
his defeat. He was aware that the expression
used in that message—" light-houses in the skies"
—was greatly ridiculed, but the honorable gen-
tleman from "Virginia ought to have sufficient in-
telligence to know that ridicule is not more an
argument than the course which_ that gentleman
had himself seen fit to adopt. He alluded to the
argument which the gentleman from Virginia had
put forth that this, that, or the other was a Fed-
eral measure; in other words, the calling of names.
The o-entlcrnan was from the proud State of V ir-
ainui—a State that once had a right to be pro-
nounced " the mother of statesmen," if not now.
Since the subject had been brought forward some
days ago, he'had taken occasion, for the purpose
of justifying himself, to look back and see what
some of the noblest and greatest statesmen Vir-
ginia had ever had had done and said on this sub-
ject. It was well known to the world, though he
supposed it could not be known to the honorable
gentleman from Virginia, that Mr. Jefferson rec-
ommended an appropriation for the military expe-
dition of Lewis and Clarke, in 1803, and on that
recommendation the Congress of the United States
passed a law authorizing that expedition. Now,
on looking at the instructions given by Mr. Jeffer-
son to those gentlemen, when they were about to
set out on that expedition, he found that they
were directed to make astronomical observations.
It was a military expedition, and astronomical
observations were to he made for the purpose of
ascertaining where it was proper that fortifications
should be made. Mr. Jefferson said :
"Your observations are to be taken with Great pains and
accuracy; to be entered distinctly and intelligibly fur others
as well aa yourself; to comprehend all the elements neces-
sary, vvilh the aid of the usual tnhlc-, to fix the latitude ami
longitude of the places at which they were taken ; and are
to be rendered to the War Office, for the purpose of having
the calculations made concurrently by proper persons vv ithih
the United States."
Now, at every station at which these observa-
tions were made there was a temporary observa-
tory, and these observatories were for the purpose
of making observations on those " light-houses in
the skies;" and if John duincy Adams, in recom-
mending such an observatory at Washington or
elsewhere, was treading on Federal ground, Mr.
Jefferson, twenty-odd years before, trod on the
same ground, for he made the same recommenda-
tion. and caused appropriations to be made for the
same purpose. Now, he asked the gentleman from
Virginia if he had the information to enable him to
answer what was the difference between permanent
observatories for astronomical observations and
migratory, perambulating observatories going all
over the country to make astronomical observa-
tions? He asked the gentleman from Virginia
wherein was the difference in the principle between
observations made on the top of the Rocky Moun-
tains, with temporary instruments, and observa-
tions made here, with instiuments permanently
fixed and adjusted for the same purpose. There
might be some difference in the expense, but, so
far as related to the object, in the principle there
was no difference; and he called on the gentleman
from Virginia, as he valued his reputation, as he
valued truth and honesty, not to call names—not
to call him a Federalist because he favored such
objects—but to come forward like a true Virginian
who dared avow his principles and defend them—
to come forward and defend his position here. If
the gentleman could show him the difference he
would candidly acknowledge his error.
In the few remarks which he had the honor to
submit, a few days ago, in support of the proposi-
tion to set on foot ail astronomical expedition, to
which the honorable gentleman referred m his re-
matks, he (Mr. S.) drew from a popular work, an
astronomical illustration, comparing the moon to
the hands of a clock in the heavens, and he stated
the irregularity to which that celestial clock by ex-
perience was subject, and the means of ascertain-
ing that irregularity. He spoke of the uses of the
sextant, and he argued that if it was in the power
of the Government to purchase a sextant for the
purposes which he designated, it was equally within
its power to make astronomical observations for
the same purposes. Now, he called on the hon-
orable gentleman to show him the felly of that
argument. Instead of calling "nicknames," in-
stead of resorting to the argument of the ignorant,
casting slurs on those who differ from him, he
should have been glad to have seen the gentleman,
in a more respectful manner, resorting to more
legitimate arguments. He called on that gentle-
man, if he claimed the character of a Virginia
statesman, if he claimed the character of a man of
candor, and honesty, and intelligence, to come for-
ward and answer his (Mr. S.'s) argument. He
(Mr. S.) acknowledged that there was a difference
in the expense between purchasing a sextant and
| making astronomical observations, that they might
I have better assurance of their correctness; but he
asserted that if the Government had the right to
make clumsy observations, it had the right to make
nicer and more correct observations. There was
no difference ip the principle. If the Government
had the constitutional power to use one set of in-
struments, it had the constitutional power to use
instruments, either permanent or temporary, to
obtain the same information, which was so neces-
saiy to enable our officers to navigate our ships
over the globe.
But the subject of meteorology was another ir?
relation to which the gentleman from Virginia had
seen fit to bring on him (Mr. S.) the ebarge of
Federalism. Now, he would refer again to the
Father of Virginia Democracy; and proud might
the gentleman from Virginia be if he had the ca-
pacity to walk m the footsteps of Jus father,
Messrs. Lewis and Clarke were instructed by Mr.
Jefferson not only to make astronomical observa-
tions, but to observe " climate, as characterized by
'the thermometer, by the proportion of rainy,
'cloudy, and clear days; by lightning, hail, snow,
'ice; by the access and recess of frost; by the
'winds prevailing at different seasons; the dates
' at which particular plants put forth or lose their
'flower or leaf; times of appearance of particular
'birds, reptiles, or insects."
Now, what had this Government to do with the
habits of reptiles, birds, and insects? What had
it to do with lightning, hail, snow, ice, heat, cold,
and winds? And yet here were meteorological
observations ordered and directed to be made by
the Government of the United States*, on* the re-
commendation of Mr. Jefferson. The gentleman
from Virginia either forgot or he had never known
that Mr. Jefferson had recommended ontl this Gov-
ernment had ordered meteorological observations;
and when he (Mr. S.) sustained an appropriation
of $2,000 for that purpose, the honorable gentleman,
from Virginia cried out" Federalism." He would
ask the honorable gentleman by what authority
this Government bought barometers and sent, one
to sea in every national ship'that went there? Why,
by the changing of the height of a column of mer-
cury, the master of a ship foresaw the coming of a
storm as certainly as he saw it when in the midst
of it, and he was enabled to reef his sails and pus
his ship in order to sustain its fury. Why, then,
did the Government use these barometers? For
meteorological purposes.
Again: one of the most distinguished officers of
our navy had been for some years past engaged in
making a most valuable map showing the track of
all the voyages on record, and ascertaining the pre-
vailing winds and currents, and everything that
concerned meteorology; and th6 most valuable re-
sults might be expected from such labors. It
appeared, then, that we were daily and hourly
paying the expense of making such a map by a
distinguished officer, and also for assistants, en-
graving, and other attendant expenses. And who
objected to that as unconstitutional ? Every naval
and army officer scattered over this country was
directed to make meteorological observations at
the different stations, and the Secretary of the
Navy had sent to that House an application for an.
appropriation for a clerk to take up those observa-
tions and classify them, that useful results might
be deduced from them, and yet the gentleman from
Virginia came forward and argued that it is " Fed-
eralism" to vote for such appropriations. If, how-
ever, the remaiks of the gentleman from Virginia
were heard alone in that House, he (Mr. S.)
should never have opened his lips in reply, for he
knew that both himself and the honorable srentle-
man from Virginia were properly appreciated there.
He knew that that gentleman's charge of " Feder-
alism" on such grounds as those would receive
there just as much weight as it was entitled to, and
no more; but in his Congressional district there
might be a hundred persons or more who knew as
little on the subject as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia himself, and who were as little capable of
making up an intelligent opinion upon it; they
therefore might take "the word of the gentleman
from Virginia and believe that he (Mr. S.^ had
really stepped over to the ranks of the Federalists.
It was to correct such impressions as these that he
i had now taken occasion to make this explanation,
I and to invite the honorable gentleman, if he count
; do it—if he dared do it—to step forward in a spirit
! of manly candor and argue the question, but not
i to call names. „ ......
But the honorable gentleman from Virginia was
! not content with that? On the next day succeeding
that on which the remarks were delivered from
i which he had quoted in the course of these obser-
I vations, he (Mr. S.) having said that he would take
i an early opportunity to notice this subject, the
I honorable gentleman from Virginia became in-
I flamed again, and he arose, in the same spirit which
