846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
characterized his remarks on the previous day, and
used this language:
"Viirinp the Ion? period that he (Mr. A ) had been in
public i)Tc, he had never given a vote winch had even smelt
of fVdHralfem ; he had never voted lor an appropriation not
strictly auihorized by the Constitution of the United States;
neither had he made a speech against James K.. Polk, the
"President of the United States, and held him up before the
poople for lus veto of the river and harbor bill. When he
should have done that, he acknowledged he might well he
suspected =10 be tinctured with what was now called Whig
ery, but in old times was known by the name of Federal-
ism-"
- Thus the gentleman from Virginia had indicated
that he (Mr. S.) had adopted the Federal notions
of John Q,. Adams, and that he had misrepresent"
<ed his constituents. To this accusation let facts
gpeak. He was a candidate for Congress in the
year 1843, when Mr. Polk, the present President
of the United States, was the candidate of his party
for the'Governorship of Tennessee. He (Mr. S.)
was defeated on that occasion* but he neveithelcss
received more votes in that district than Mr. Polk,
by two or three hundred votes. In 1845, he was
again a candidate for Congress, and a successful
one, and he received more votes th'an any other
candidate, by three or four hundred. In 1847,
when he had voted against the veto of the present
President of the United States, he was again elect-
ed, by more votes than were given for Mr. A. V.
Brown, the successful candidate for Governor, by
some two or three hundred. He would leave it,
then, to the gentleman from Virginia, if he saw fit,
to1 continue the false charge that he misrepresented
his constituents, or, like a candid and honorable
man, to withdraw it.
But perhaps the gentleman from Virginia might
think, that because he made a speech in opposition
to the veto- of the President of the United States,
he .did something that was very wrong. It might
be, that the gentleman would not object to a vote
in favor of the vetoed bill, and that he simply ob-
jected to the speech. Now, that speech, as far as
he was able to appreciate it, was perfectly respect-
ful to the President of the United States. In that
speech he did not deny the existence of the veto
power, but he denied the force of the arguments
on which the President rested that veto. Whether
his argument or that of the President was the best,
he would leave others to determine; hut the pro-
priety of expressing his opinion and justifying his
vote, he left to no man. He claimed the right, in
that case, to judge for h imself, and he should al ways
do it according to his best judgment. It would
'appear, however, that, according to Virginia chiv-
alry of the present day, an opinion was to be
withheld when it conflicted with the opinion of
persons in high places; but such was not the doc-
trine which he had entertained, and such was not
the principle on which the father of Virginia De-
mocracy acted. But there was one other remark
which ne had to make in reference to his vote on
the river and harbor bill, and it was, that he found
himself in most excellent company. Some of the
best Democrats in this Union—some who had been
endorsed by the Democracy of the Union—voted
with him on that bill. He need only name Lewi*
Cass, the Democratic nominee for the Presidency
of the United States, who voted for the bill and
against the veto of the President. The only differ-
ence- between that distinguished gentleman and
himself was, that he made a speech, and Mr. Cass
did not. Mr. Cass did not attempt to justify him-
self, because he had a character in the Union, and
justification was unnecessary.
After enlarging on this point, Mr. S. asked the
gentleman from Virginia, in all candor, if General
Cass was not equally with himself to be denounced
as a Federalist for the opinions he entertained on
this subject, or why it was that such a charge should
be made only against him who but followed in the
footsteps of the leaders of the Democracy ? Why,
the Cumberland road received the sanction of
Thomas Jeffeison. Proof of this would be found
in his messages. And many improvements which
had been vetoed by Mr. Polk were commenced
with the approval of General Jackson, and were
sanctioned by him down to the end of his Admin- i
istration. These things then were not anti-Demo- !
cratie—they were not then Federal mpasures; but |
now the honorable gentleman from Virginia, with- j
out any provocation, singled him out for an attack, ;
and he was proscribed and denounced as a Feder- j
alist because he had trod in the footsteps of JefFer- i
son, Jackson, and Cass. He would not undertake j
t.O\say whether he or $he-gentleman from Virginia j
was the best entitled to the designation of a Dem-
ocrat, but this much he would say, that, within
the scope of constitutional power, he would never
be found casting his influence, little as it might-be,
against the light of science, the diffusion of knowl-
edge, and the prosecution of improvements. What-
ever might have been Jefferson's opinions of the
constitutionality of such measures, he has said that
in his messages which showed very clearly that
on this subject he differed very much from the gen-
tleman from Virginia. He had here Mr. Jefferson's
'message of 1806, in which he spoke of the great
expeditions of Lewis and Clarke, Lieutenant Pike,
Mr. Freeman, and otheis, in these terms:
{i The expedition of M^srs. Lewis and Clarke for explor-
ing the riverMi-sourt, and the be-tcommunieation from that
10 the Pacific Ocean, hns had all the success which cou!d
have been expected. Tney have traced the Missouri nearly
to its source, descended the Columbia to the Pacific Ocean,
a?certaitted with accuracy the geography of that interesting
eomumnication acro-s our continent, learnt the eharacterof
the country, of its commerce and inhabitant*-, and it is hut
justice to say thatMes?r-«. Lewis and Clarke, and their brave
companions, have by this arduous service deserved well of
their country.
" The attempt to explore the Red liver, under the direc-
tion of Mr Freeman, tuough conducted with a zeal and
prudenco meriting enure approbation, ha< ?iot been equally
successful. After proceeding up it about six hundred miles,
neaily as far as the French settlement-* had extended while
the country was in their po-ses-ion, our geographers were
obliged to return wiihout completing their work.
" Very useful additions have also h«*en marie to our knowl-
edsreof the Mississippi by Lieutenant Pike, who has a-><vnded
it to its source, and whose journal and map, giving the de-
tails of hi* journey, will shoi tly b.i ready for communication
to both Hou-es of Corigiess. Tho-se of Messrs. Lewis and
Clarke and Freeman will require further time to be dige>ted
and prepared Theseimpoitant surveys, in addition totho^e
before po.-sess^d, finnHi material-, for cotnuK'ncing an ac-
curate map of the Mississippi and its western waters. Some
principal rivers however, remain still to be explored, to-
wards which the authorization of Congress, by moderate
appropiiations, will be requisite."
Now, what was this exploration of the Missouri
and Mississippi rivers for? And what was this
map to be for which was to be published by Con-
gress? It was to make us acquainted with those
rivers, that commerce might be benefited by the
information thus acquired. We, for the same
reason, are now making explorations and a survey
of our coast. This system was approved by Jef-
ferson. Jefferson had a great, an enlightened and
liberal mind, and he saw nothing like Federalism
in these things. But the gentleman from Virginia
was more astute, able, and enlightened than Jef-
ferson, and he sees more than Jefferson could ever
see.
Mr. DANIEL thought the gentleman from'Ten-
nessee did injustice to the memory of Mr. Jeffer-
son. With lespcct to the expedition of Lewis and
Clarke, he believed Mr. Jefferson did not put it on
the ground and recommend an appropriation for
that object for the reason that it would promote
commerce, but it was for the purpose of obtaining
information in regard to the property of the United
States; and in that point of view it was perfectly
just. And, again, so far as referred to Mr. Jeffer-
son's sanction of the Cumberland road, it had been
stated by Judge Smith,of South Carolina, that Mr.
Jefferson regretted his approval of that act more
than any act of his public life. He had been led
to .sanction it supposing that the sanction of the
States would be obtained, and that thus it would
be stripped of all unconstitutional objections; hut
he regretted it to the last day of his life. And
thus it would be seen, that so far as Mr. Jefferson
was authority for this doctrine, it was without
foundation.
Mr. STANTON did not pretend to know what
Mr. Jefferson's private opinions were at the time
of his death, or at any other time, fuither^than
they were expressed in his* public messages and
writings. What was the object with which Mr.
Jefferson recommended the expedition of Lewis
and Clarke they had seen from the instructions
which Mr. Jefferson gave to them. They embraced
astronomical observations, amongst other things,
which he must then have supposed to be within
the constitutional power of the Government. He
believed it was well known that Mr. Jefferson was
proud of the result of that expedition to the day
of his death.
Mr. ATKINSON desired the gentleman from
Tennessee to inform the committee whether by
those instructions to Lewis and Clarke there was
any additional expense incurred by the country, or
any additional officers appointed, or any patronage
extended ?
Mr, STANTON replied in the affirmative. He
then read the following passage from Mr. Jeffer-
son's instructions to Lewis and Clarke:
The •hjectof your miwon i<Uo explore the Missouri river,
and such principal s-tte.um of it as, by if cour e and com-
munication with the wateis of the Pacific Ocean', whether
the Columbia, Oregon, Colorado, or any oilier rivef, may offer
the most direct and practicable water communication across
the continent for the pui poses of commerce.
Mr. ATKINSON observed that Messrs. Lewis
and Clarke were officers in the army at the time.
Mr. STANTON replied that they were, but it
was idle to say that this expedition was a military
one merely.
There was one thing more on which he wishel
to say a word. The Constitution of the United
States gave to Congress the right to establish a
uniform system of weights and measures. Now,
what would the gentleman from Virginia say if he
were to show him, that, forthe purpose of carrying
outthis provision of the Constitution, it was neces-
sary to make observations, inasmuch as it was a
fact that in different localities there was a difference
in weights, owing to a difference in the earth's
attraction ? Would the gentleman then admit the
force of the argument, and concede that Congress
was not exceeding its constitutional power?
He repeated the statement, and said an intelli-
gent man must ad mit he was right; but the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia might dispute it and
pronounce him a Federalist. These observations
were carried on for the very purpose of ascertain-
ing facts in reference to the subject over which this
Government had unquestionable power; yet it was
charged to be Federalism in him to advocate a
proposition for $2,000 to employ a clerk in the.
Navy Department to examine and compile the
observations made at the military and naval stations.
He had done with the subject, at least at present.
It was with reluctance that he had engaged in this
discussion: but justice to the principles on which
he had acted, justice to himself and to his own
reputation, had required him to answer the charges
of the gentleman, which doubtless would be rung-
through his own district'as coming from one of the
statesmen of Virginia.
Mr. ATKINSON said he did not often rise to
address the House,and therefore he most respect-
fully asked an attentive hearing. He professed to
be a man of peace, but at the same time he pro-
fessed to be a sort of nolime tangeie man.
Mr. STANTON explained that he had said that
General Cass had voted for the bill which the
President vetoed, and that he thereby had voted
against the veto; bat the gentleman had represented
that General Cass had not voted against the veto,
inasmuch as the bill having originated in the
House wa*3 sent back there, and he (Gen. C.) had
not had the opportunity to #>te for it, though he
had voted for the biil originally.
Mr. ATKINSON said it was unnecessary for
the gentleman to have made this correction, be-
cause he thought, of all mistakes that was the very
least he had made; and the gentleman had only
confirmed him in the opinion he had heretofore
entertained of him, that in star-gazing his whole
attention had been directed to little matters, while
he neglected the great concerns of the nation.
Another mistake into which the gentleman bad
fallen was, that the public would believe—this
committee who knew them would not, however—
that he had thought it necessary to make an at-
tack upon the gentleman from Tennessee with the
view of injuring him at home or elsewhere. He
had never considered the gentleman a rival. God
forbid that he should look on him as such. Those
who knew him would never for one moment sus-
pect he was so destitute of intelligence and of that
noble quality, self-esteem, as to consider him a
rival.
He should attempt to speak as calmly and de-
liberately as he thought the nature of ihe occasion
would allow; he had not when he addressed the
House a few days ago. He assured the commit-
tee, while he offered no apology to the gentleman
from Tennessee, he had not intended any unkind-
ness or injustice to the gentleman. He had been
arguing the question in a way he thought proper
and legitimate; he had stated what his opinion
was of the views the gentleman had expressed, as
lie had a right to do. The gentleman was alto-
gether wrong in believing he had thought so much
j of him as to desire to injure him in his district,
j The honorable gentleman had told them that
1 Virginia was once considered the mother of states-
