1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
men. Perhaps if the gentleman had been born in
Virginia he might have considered that Virginia
was the mother of one statesman. He believed
that the gentleman at one period of his life had
lived in Virginia, and it might be that the gentle-
man intended to declare that when he departed
from Virginia all the great men of that old Com-
monwealth had gone. He, however, had migrated
to the " far West," as it was called, and Vnginia
had lost one of her sons, although he assured the
House the sun had risen and set afterwards as it
did before; although one of her sons had taken
up and gone to the West, there was the same no-
ble spirit in the old Commonwealth which had
ever existed, and which he hoped would continue
to exist as long as she was a Commonwealth.
In the remarks he now made he trusted the
House would not consider that he exhibited the
strength of his intellect. He was nut making an
effort to establish his reputation; he assured the
House he should use nothing but mustard-seed
shot, and should reserve his cannon balls until a
more important contest. He should treat that gen-
tleman as he deserved here and eUewhere.
He repeated his disavowal that he had made an
attack on the gentleman the other day. He had
been arguing against the appropriation of two thou-
sand dollars to"employ a ceitain individual for the
purpose of enlightening the people at large.
Mr. STANTON inquired if the gentleman had
riot said that he (Mr. S.) had adopted one of the
princtplesof Federalism,and perhaps another, that
the representative was not to be palsied by the will
of his constituents?
opportunity of examining into the subject as the
gentleman from Tennessee had, who had been pre-
paring his speech for days, but he understood and
I he believed there was no doubt that the rccom-
j mendation of Mr. Jefferson m regard to this expe- i
dition was not for the purpose of the establishment 1
of a permanent observatoiy like that recommended |
by Mr. Adams and since established, j
Mr. STANTON would like to know the differ- j
ence between the constitutional power of establish- j
ing a temporary observatory and a permanent one?
Mr. ATKINSON begged not to be interrupted.
He had just stated, that he should not discuss be-
fore this committee the propriety of the recom-
mendation of Mr. Jefferson, or of an observatory,
because that had already been done.
Mr. STANTON again invited Mr. A. to answer
the question.
Mr. ATKINSON persisted in his refusal, and
said he would answer pertinent questions. He
had comc here now to meet the gentleman on the
issue he had raised a few days ago. The gentle-
man had then distinctly announced to the House,
that on a suitable occasion he should compare
principles with him, (Mr. A.,) to show which of
them was a Democrat, aad which a Federalist.
Now, he charged upon the gentleman that he had
favored and supported, as well as he could support,
appropriations for that observatory, which, at that
day at least, was a Federal measure. He charged
ag(tin,that thegentleman had madeaspeech against
the veto powei, as exercised by Mr. Polk upon
the river and harbor bill.
Mr. STANTON said hehad nevermade a speech
Mr. ATKINSON would answer the gentleman ji against the veto power; on the contrary, m the
with great pleasure, and should not be found back-
ing out here on any occasion fiom positions which
he"had taken. He had stated distinctly, and he
now leirerated it—and he stood by his iemaiks as
reported in the Intelligencer—that the gentleman
had adopted one Fetleial opinion of the late Mr.
Adams; and that he pcihaps might have adopted
the other, that the reptesentative was not to be
palsied by the will of his constituents. He had
said he trusted it was not the case, (it was so re-
ported.) He trusted the gentleman had nut, for it
pained him to see a man who had been classed
with the Democratic party adopting Federal no-
tions. He had, on the previous day,attempted to
show that the Democratic or Republican party, (as
it was more properly called at that day,) when Mr.
Adams lecotnmended the establishment of a per-
manent observatory, repudiated it as a Federal
idea, and the consequence was that no notice was
taken during that session of Congress of that rec-
ommenation by the Congress of the United States,
although that went far, together with the other
opinions Mr. Adams expressed, to prevent his
reelection as President of the United States. Was
he right in that opinion? Was there any gentleman
who would rise in his place and say that that opinion
of Mr. Adams was not at that day considered anti-
Republican? If there were one, let him rise and
sneak. [A pause.] Not one. Then he was right.
*the Democratic Congress in 1831, after Mr. Ad- _
«ms recommended the establishment of a peima- h progressive Democracy. If the gentleman was a
nent observatory in 1825, passed an act extending [! progressive Democrat, he did not want to belong to
and carvvm0" into effect the act of February, the pai ty; his progressive Democracy was an ap-
1807 nrovidmo- for the survey ot the coast of the |! proximation to Federalism, it was said by some
United States "and so careful weie they lest it !| that he (Mr. A.) was of the stand-still Democracy.
should be construed in any way to endoise the i; Yes, he was of that Republican or Democratic
recommendation of Mr. Adams, annexed this pro- paity—call it what you please—which contended
speech to which the gentleman referred he had ex-
pressly approved and advocated the veto power,
1 as the gentleman would find by referring to the
I spcech.
j Mr. ATKINSON reiterated his assertion, that
the gentleman had made a speech against the veto
! power, as exercised upon the river and harbor bill,
and he had also assumed to enlighten the people
of the United States, and to prove that James K.
Polk was wrong and he was right; and hehad told
the House, that he had since been reelected by the
people-of his district. He (Mr. A.) could account
for that very readily. The people of his district,
he imagined, had been found to be more Federal
than it was supposed they were, and Federalism
had no doubt come to his relief; and in that way
he got the approbation of what he had done in the
Congress of the United States.
Rut the gentleman from Tennessee said, if he
was to contend, in older to regulate weights and
measures, that it was necessary for the Govern-
ment to make astronomical observations, an intel-
ligent man would pronounce that he was right and
sensible; but the gentleman from Virginia, he pre-
sumed, wouid not so pronounce. And did that
gentleman set himself up to judge of his intelli-
gence? If so, he would move to change the venue,
because e\evy man who was tried had the right to
be tried by his peers.
Something had been said the other day about
viso—the bill being reported by Mr. Hoffman—
that nothing in this act shall be construed to autho-
rize the construction or maintenance of a perma-
nent astronomical observatory. He said that up
to 1831 so jealous were the Republican party of
this thing called an obseivatory or a " light-house
in the skies," which suited the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee better than matters of fact,
that at that time they actually incorporated a pro-
vision in the bill declaring that no construction
should be put upon it to provide for the establish-
ment of a permanent observatory. Now, he did
not mean to go into an argument upon the merits
of these astronomical observations before this com-
mittee at this time, because he was always opposed
to talking to a subject iirelevantly, and nothing
could induce turn now to do so but the attack made
by the gentleman from Tennessee upon him. He
would'not discuss here the propriety or impio
priety of the course pursued by Air. Jefferson, or
his recommendation in the case of the expeditions
of Lewis & Clarke, as he had not recently had an
for a strict construction of the Constitution of the
j United States. He was one of those who believed
i1 that the Congress of the United S:ates had no
1 ( powers except those which were delegated to them,
i! and that all the poweis of Congress were such as
!' were expressly delegated, or were necessary and
proper to cany into execution the expressly dele-
! o-ated powers. That was the kind of Democracy
i; to which he had always belonged. But whenever
he found any of the Democrats ready to go, as he
■ found some were, to adopt the rule that the major-
' ity must constiue the Constitution of the country,
'1 that the will of the majority was the only rule by
, which they were to be governed, he abandoned a
i, Democracy entertaining such principles. He knew
it was considered lather out of sous to talk heie
; about the Constitution. Yes, that old instrument
1 of trusts had been so long neclectcd that he would
| be called an old-fashioned man who called it up for
i! the purpose of examining and construing it strictly.
,! He was for progressive Democracy when progres-
t; s-ive Democracy meant progress in human happi-
ness, in the sciences, in the wealth of the people,
provided all these things could be attained according
to the constitutional lules which he had prescribed
for himself. But whenever they travelled out of
i the Constitution, whenever they would lay aside
I the limitations of that instrument, whenever they
; would violate the fundamental principles of the
; Government, as established and as laid down by
l the Virginia resolutions of 1798 and 1799; when
! they wouid do that, he begged-gentlemen not to
| ask him to go with them, if they called that pro-
| gressive Democracy. He went for the progress of
1 science, but not for the encouragement of science
by act of Congress. He 'held that the Congress of
the United States had no power to encourgc science,
except by granting letters patent, and securing
copyrights to authors and inventors. So far as
that went to encourage science he was for it; but
he was for encouraging science by individual efforts;
for encouraging that which would make mankind.
[ able and intelligent,and that must be accomplished
by individual enteiprise, and not by the operation
of our Government.
Although he should probably be considered by
the gentleman from Tennessee as not ranking m
his class of intelligent men, he said it was not neces-
saiy in order to regulate weights and measures that
this observatory should be established by the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales. A uniform standard
of weights and measures had been established
without this observatory and appropriations for
meteorological observations. Why, then, was it
necessary at this late period to establish an observ-
atory? It was not; and, until the contrary could
be shown, the gentleman's argument fell to the
ground.
He referred to Mr. Stautov's invoking the au-
thority of Mr. Jefferson, and said he frequently
heard the name of that illustrious patriot and sage
pronounced in such a way as to be a slander upon
his memory. It was not all who hurraed for Cass
and Butler, who said they walked in the footsteps
of Jefferson, Madison, and Jackson, who belonged
to the school of which they were the foundeis. He
denied that there was anything in Mr. Jefferson's
actions or writings which sustained the gentleman
in the advocacy of such doctrines as headvanced.
In passing he referred to the remarks of Mr.
Stephens in reply to his previous ones, and thank-
ed him for the agreeable, gentlemanly course he
had taken. That gentleman was in favor of an
observatory, as he had the right to be, and had
boldly stood up for his principles and for that con-
struction of the Constitution which he believed was
riifht, and which justified appropriations for these
objects as incidental to expiessly-granted powers.
He had argued the question as a gentleman, and
he should always treat him as such both here and
elsewhere, he trusted.
The gentleman from Tennessee had said he was
not afraid that any remarks which he (Mr. A.)
might make would prevent his reelection to Con-
gress; and yet his actions had indicated that he did
fear the effect, and he had made a most powerful
effort to prevent the influence of his (Mr. A.'s) re-
marks on the people of his district.
Mr. STANTON was understood to say he had
never heard from the^enfleman anything but what
the o-entleman himself called mustard-seed shot.
Mr. ATKINSON replied that he had expressly
j stated, in the outset of his remarks, that he (lid not
i consider anything more than mustard-seed shot
j necessary for the gentleman; grape would blow
j him to the skies; and he would recommend to the
gentleman to become one of the soarers, because
I he very much doubted whether, unless Tennessee
became much more Federal than she now was, lie
i i would again be returned to this House.
j ^ But the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, it
!i seemed, after he had made a speech against M .
|! Polk's veto on the river and harbor bill, was so
' elevated in the opinion of his constituents that he
i' had received even a larger vote than Mr. Folk
1 himself received when he was a candidate for the
! Presidency. That, he thought, did not speak much
i for the gentleman's Democracy; for, as without
doubt Mr. Polk received all the Democratic votes
, the gentleman from Tennessee must have ieceiw>d
Federal ones. That was the way the gentleman
came to overleap the present honest, tntellige.it,
I consistent President of the United States.
'! He repeated, thai, in the remarks he had made a
!l few days ago, he had had no spleen to gral.iy
U against the gentleman from Tennessee; nor hau ho
