848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16.
any intention to operate upon his constituents
against him. Since, however, the gentleman had
done him the honor to complain that such would
be the effect of his (Mr. A.'s) remark, permit him
to say, that with a Democratic people, the remarks
made subsequently by thegentl'eman himself would
not tend to elevate him in their estimation.
The gentleman had thrown down the gauntlet,
and had declared he intended to compare Demo-
cratic opinions with him, (Mr. A.) Had he done
it? Had Ke stuck to the issue? He defied him to
show any deviation on his (Mr. A.'s) part from
the principles of the old Republican party; and he
would yield the floor if* the gentleman wished to
attempt it.
Mr. STANTON said he had not designed to
enter into such a contest. If he had made such a
remark it was a slip of the tongue. His object
had been to justify himself, and show by argument
that the measure .he advocated was constitutional.
The gentleman had not met it.
Mr. ATKINSON replied that he did not decline
any discussion with the gentleman. He said, ac-
cording to the Constitution of the United States,
Congress had no power granted to establish an
observatory. Where did the gentleman get the
power? From that clause which authorized Con-
gress to raise and support a navy ? He supposed
that was the clause on which he relied. Now, he
put this question to every intelligent mind in the
committee: Is it necessary, in order to raise and
maintain a navy, that an observatory shall be es-
tablished by Congress? The navy of the United
States had been raised and supported for years
without an observatory, and without appropria-
tions to allay storms, which were under discussion
a few days ago, and why were either any more
necessary now ?
Mr. STANTON asked whether it was not ab-
solutely necessary that our navy should use the
observations of other Governments, unless we fur-
nished them ourselves? And whether we had not,
from time immemorial, used such observations,
and been dependant to this extent upon other Gov-
erments?
Mr. ATKINSON urged, in reply, that, as we
were in possession now of ail the information of
other countries on the subject,'it was the less necessa-
ry that we should be at the expense of establishing
and keeping up an observatory.
He recurred to Mr. Stanton's charge upon him
of want of information, and advised the gentleman
to go to his district and make the remark, and he
would be hissed and scorned by the intelligent peo-
ple of that district. The gentleman had once been
among the people of Virginia and had found them
too intelligent for him, and that he never could have
gone to the Congress of the United States from
there, and so he fled and sought refuge without
her precincts. Virginia had once been the mother
of statesmen, and in time had ceased to bear states-
men within her limits! Where, then, should she
look for them? To the gentleman's-district in
, Tennessee? It was laudable for a man to have a
proper degree of ambition and self-esteem; but
young statesmen were sometimes inclined to think
the weight of the Government rested on their
shoulders—the weight of the Democracy rested
on them—and that no good thing could come ex-
cept from them. He had seen such instances even
in this House.
In conclusion, he again expressed his regret that
he should have been drawn into this discussion as
he had been by the attack of the gentleman from
Tennessee. But he undertook to say the gentle-
man might come on with his battle knife as soon
as he pleased, and although he affected to think
that the statesmen of Virginia were no more, he
would find her citizens always ready to stand up
to support their honor and the honor of their State,
even if it cost their life-blood. He soughtno con-
troversy with any man; he went for peace. All
the honorable gentleman needed to have done the
other day to have prevented this difficulty, if he
had chosen, was to have asked him whether he
(Mr. A.) intended his remarks in unkindness or
not; he should with great pleasure have responded
that he did not, and meant no injury, personal or
political, but was merely attempting to show that
the course taken by him was the Federal and not
the Democratic course. But he begged gentle-
men to cease to throw abuse on old Virginia. Let
him tell gentlemen there were intelligent men, and
many of them, in this House who had the honor
of being born in Virginia; and although they had
gone, there still remained in that old Common-
wealth hearts and hands ready to battle for their
rights and to repel all attacks both here and else-
where. He dismissed the subject he trusted for-
ever; but, whilst he was ready to dismiss it, he
wished it to be distinctly understood that whenever
the occasion should require it he could be found.
Mr. STANTON, in correction of an erroneous
conception of Mr. Atkinson, stated that his native
place was not Virginia, but Alexandria, District
of Columbia; that'he had taught school in early
years in Virginia—though he thought not in the
gentleman's district, and at the age of nineteen had
left the State never to return to it again. He was
very sure if he had gone into the gentleman's dis-
trict, and thei e been a candidate for Congress, in-
asmuch as the population of the district had elected
the gentleman, he never would have stood any
chance there. """
Mr. ATKINSON, (in his seat.) Surely not.
[A laugh.]
Mr. STANTON continued. Bat one thing he
could say in reference to the constituency he had
the honor to represent, that the gentleman never
represented such an one.
Mr. ATKINSON. Never. [A laugh.] God
forbid I
Mr. STANTON, in reference to the argument
he had used this morning, had nothing to say, for
the gentleman had not attempted to reply to it, but
had expressly waived the question by which he
(Mr. S.) had invited him to show therein the
proposition he had advocated in this House dif-
fered from the principles advocated and maintained
by Mr. Jefferson himself. He asked the gentle-
man to show why he should denounce him and
(notwithstanding his disclaimer) make a severe
attack upon him, which, if not designed to injure
him before his people, had no purpose whatever.
The gentleman had waived all these arguments,
and told him he should only use mustard-seed
shot. He must say it wa3 impossible for him to
find shot small enough to fight the gentleman with.
Mr. ATKINSON was very sure the gentleman
could not find shots small enough for his oppo-
nents, because the truth was, he had no ammuni-
tion at all. [A laugh.] He was a blunderhuss
[renewed laughter] without any powder or shot.
Having again disclaimed any intention of injur-
ing Mr. Stanton in his district or elsewhere, and
again insisted that this unpleasant controversy
had arisen from the gentleman himself, Mr. A.
concluded his remarks.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
then rose, and the House passed a resolution to
close the debate on this bill in five minutes after it
should be again taken up in committee.
The House then again went into committee on
the-same bill.
Mr. VINTON stated that the Engineer depart-
ment had sent to the Secretary of War estimates
for the fortifications for the year, observing in their
report that they had reduced the amount as low as
possible, in consistency with the continuance of
the war with Mexico. Notwithstanding this, how-
ever, the Secretary had cut them down to a little more
than half of the sum estimated. Both estimates
had been submitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and the committee had made the bill
to conform to the estimates, not of the Engineer
department, but of the Secretary, and the sums
inserted were just sufficient to keep the existing
works in a state of preservation, without advan-
cing them at all.
Mr. SAWYER inquired what was the total
amount appropriated by this bill?
Mr. VINTON replied, a little over half a mil-
liuu, instead of several millions, as had usually
been put in.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to insert, " For
the construction of Fort Delaware, on the Pea
Patch Island, one hundred thousand dollars." He
said that there was no appropriation in the bill, as
reported, to meet this object; nor had there been
any estimate from the department on which an
appropriation would, according to the usual course
of things, be founded. The probable reason for
these omissions was readily to be given, and, on
giving it, he trusted that the deficiencies would
i promptly be supplied. The Pea Patch Island lay
! between the shores of the States of New Jersey
j and Delaware. Each State had claimed authority
I over it. Suits had been brought, but the jurisdic-
tion being questioned, neither State had been dis-
posed to submit to judicial investigations within
the limits of the other. Thus the matter had stood
for many years. At length the two parties—the
United States Government on the one side, and
the agents of the family claiming under a Jersey
grant on the other—came to an agreement to sub-
mit the question of title to a reference. Accord-
ingly a quit-claim deed was executed by the indi-
viduals to the Secretary of War, to be held by him
until the dispute should be ended. A referee (Mr.
Sergeant, of Philadelphia) was named and agreed
on. The arrangement was, that if the individual
or Jersey title should prove the better, referees
should be chosen to ascertain the value, and the
amount so ascertained should be paid by the Uni-
ted States. If, on the other hand, the referee
should decide against the private claimant, there
was an end of controversy, and the Government
would stand secure in its rights against all assail-
ants.
Thus stood the case at the opening of the present
session. After a lapse of some months, a decision
was pronounced here, in the Capitol. Nothing
remained but to proceed with the military works
which had been so long suspended. A fort was
long ago constructed at the place; but it was de-
stroyed partly by the sinking of the foundation,
and afterwards by a conflagration, which took
away all the combustible parts. A remnant of
former appropriations had been in the treasury,
amounting, some months since, to $20,000. But
this had been partially or altogether exhausted m
preliminary surveys and arrangements. Nothing
adequate at all to the work itself—the construction
of a great fortification—remained. What was the
consequence? The shores of the fine river, in the
bosom of which this fmgus had arisen, as if pro-
vided by nature on purpose for security, remained
defenceless. Except a small fort five miles from
Philadelphia, nothing was found for the protec-
tion of about half a million of people and many
millions of property near and upon its shores.
The States of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and
Delaware, were exposed to attack and invasion
with comparative impunity.
Mr. I. said he merely supplied an omission on
the part of the department and the committee by
offering the amendment. As the final settlement
of the title had been comparatively recent, he was
bound to suppose that the omissions which he had
adverted to were inadvertent. Whatever might be
the character of them, he felt it due to a large sec-
tion of country to provide, if possible, a suitable
remedy.
Mr. VINTON, after a pro forma motion to reduce
the amount, went into a brief reply. The title of
the United States to the Pea Patch Island had long
been in dispute; but since the original estimates
had been sent to the Committee of Ways and
Means the title had been secured, and an appro-
priation had been inserted in the bill to cover the
expenses of the arbitration. No estimates had been
sent from the War Department for this work,
although the arbitration had been concluded and
the title obtained at the commencement of the pres-
ent session of Congress.
Mr. INGERSOLL corrected this statement.
The arbitration had not been brought to a close till
the month of March last.
Mr. VINTON said he would send to the Clerk's
table a report of the War Department in regard to
this work, in which the Secretary stated that if the
title should be awarded to the United States there
would be no necessity for a new appropriation,
because there was money already in the treasury
appropriated for the object. But if the title should
be found to be in ottier parties, then it would be
requisite to appropriate in order to make the pur-
chase.
The report was read.
After a brief reply from Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
and some inaudible statements from Mr. C.J. IN-
GERSOLL, Mr. FICKL1N wanted to know how-
much money had already been expended on this
fort on Pea Patch Island!
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL replied that that ques-
tion was readily answered, and the answer was,
nothing at all. No money had been spent upon it
at all. Tjjiere had formerly been a work upon this
site, but it was burnt down. That had nothing to
do with what was now asked. No money had
been appropriated except a small sum for a survey
of the site of the fort.
