850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
a mihtaiv depdt, under the diiection of the Secretary Of
War at or near the mouth of Genesee river, in the Suite of
New'ioik, tifiy thou-aud dollais.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved to add at the
end of the biit the following:
For the continuance of tile defensive works at Buffalo.
New York, heietofore recommended by the War Depart-
ment, and pirt of which have boon constructed 'under ite
direction, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Mr. H. briefly advocated the appropriation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WICK moved to add the following as an
additional section:
And be if further enacted, That no money shall be ex-
pended under authority of tins act before, the ist dav of
April, 1849.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SLINGERLAND moved an amendment
to appropriate for deepening the channel of the
Hudson river, near Albany, $50,000. Ruled out
of order.
On motion of Mr. "WHITE, the committee rose
and reported the bill and amendments to the
House.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the first amendmentof the committee (the
proviso) was agreed to without division.
The second amendment (increasing the appro-
priation for Port Moultrie, Charleston, South Car-
olina, from $10,600 to $13,600) was voted on by
yeas and nays, and resulted—yeas 75, nays 69.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendments having been agreed to, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed, and, being engrossed,
was read a third time.
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed by yeas and nays:
Yeas 79, nays 62.
Mr. V. moved to reconsider the last vote.
Which motion to reconsider was lead upon the
table.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Jane 16, 1848. !
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate j
a letter from Mr. Bagby, of Alabama, resigning ,
his seat as Senator from that State. j
On motion of Mr. LEW-IS, it was ordered that
the Vice President cornrnuuicate the same to the :
Governor of Alabama.
Several Senators rose with petitions, reports,
and resolutions, when the VICE PRESIDENT
announced the first bill on the calendar, and read j
the resolution of the Senate declaring that Friday i
and Saturday next be set apart for tne considera- !
tion of private bills, to the exclusion of all other I
business. :
An ineffectual effort was then made to give pri- ;
orky to certain bills over others, which consumed ;
some time of the morning hour; after which, the j
private calendar was taken up m its order, and the |
following bills passed: j
A bill directing the Secretary of the Navy to pur- .
chase from Dr. James P. Espy His patent right for ;
the conical ventilator. 1
For the relief of James F. Sothoron.
For the relief of" John Clark.
For the relief of the heirs of Jean F. Perry, Jo- j
siah Blakely, Nicholas Jarrot, and Robert "Mor- j
rison. !
To provide compensation to William Wood- !
bridge and Henry Ohipman, for services m adjust- j
ins; titles to land in Michigan, and for other 'nur- ;
=> ° x I
poses.
For the relief of David N. Smith. !
For the relief of Silas Waterman. :
The following bills were laid on the table: j,
For the relief of the heirs and legal rcoresenta-
lives ofWm. Grayson.
For the relief of George Newtos.
For the relief of Russell Goss. ~ >■
For the relief of John Caldwell.
For the relief of John P. Baldwin. j|
The Senate then took up House bill for the re- ['
lief of Phineas Carpenter, administrator of John jj
Cox, deceased, of Boston, and, after discussion, j[
adjourned, at a few minutes before four p. m. II
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 17,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. VINTON said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the appropriation bills.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of^the
Whole on the private calendar.
Mr. HUNT hoped that neither motion would
prevail, and that the House would devote some
time to the reception of reports from committees.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Rockwell; it was decided in the affirmative, tel-
lers reporting ayes 67, noes 64.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the private calendar, (Mr.
Wick in the chair.)
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Joshua Kennedy, deceased, which was under
discussion when the House were last in commit-
tee on private bills, was taken up this morning,
and the discussion was resumed by Mr. DAN-
IEL, and continued by Messrs. CROWELL and
ROCKWELL, of Connecticut.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. Ayes 48, noes 71.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
The next bill taken up was for the relief of
Lyon and Howard. It Was debated by Messrs.
HAMMONSand WILMOT.
The committee then rose and reported the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Joshua
Kennedy, deceased, and progress on the bill for
the relief of Lyon and Howard.
The question was stated on ordering the en-
grossment of the bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Joshua Kennedy, deceased.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
previous question, which was seconded.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to lay the bill on the
table. Ayes 48, noes 66, a quorum not voting.
Mr. HAMMONS moved an adjournment. Lost,
ayes 44, noes 74.
A quorum having appeared, the question was
again put on laying the bill on the table, and it
was decided in the negative. Ayes 49, *ioes 68.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and,
being engrossed, was passed. Ayes 77, noes 59.
And then the House adjourned.
| IN SENATE.
I Saturday, June 17, 1848.
! The Chair commenced calling the calendar of
J private bills; whtn
| Mr. DAYTON asked leave to introduce a reso-
I lution, which he was instructed to submit by the
j Committee on the Judiciary.
; Symptoms of opposition being exhibited—
| Mr. DAYTON requested permission as a favor
; peisonal to himself, when, by unanimous assent,
j he stated that heietofore, in taking the decennial
; census, there had been great defects, owing to the
i hasty manner 111 which the preliminary arrange-
j ments were made. lie instanced the" return of
: emigrants in the last census, the total number of
j which as reported was considerably below the
! number which ainved at New York alone. All
| the numerous defects, which have heretofore been
i so apparent, might be avoided hereafter by timely
j reflection and early movements to obtain and
j classify all the variety of useful infoimation which
I ought to be collected and presented m the most
simple and accurate form in this decennial docu-
' meut. This could be readily and effectually done,
' at a small comparative^ expense. He hoped that
the Senate would acquiesce m the correctness of
these views.
Mr. D. submitted the following resolution, and
asked its immediate consideration:
licsolre7, $ c., i hat a sum not exceeding $71.0 be appro-
piiated, out oi any money m the treasmy not otherwise
appropriated, for the pajmeiit of such wi-ou or pei.-uu> as
tne Secretary of State may employ, under and In virtue of
t!u_s resolution, to prepare a plan for taking the census of
1850—embodying therein all iinpoitant mibrmanon which
may oe procured abroad aiul at home, in respect to details
as to our population, pioductive mdustrv. and lesoarces:
and suggesting the entire outlines of tile "best method to be
pursued, the lubjeat-matters te be umbratad, sad tk  clas-
sification tri he adopted in the taking of said census, and that
lie report the same to thia or the next session of Congress.
Mr. fcALJHOUN. Let it lie over.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the private calendar, when the following bills
were considered in Committee of the Whole, and
were subsequently read a third time, by unani-
mous consent, and passed:
An act for the relief of Phineas Carpenter, ad-
ministrator of John Cox, deceased, of Boston;
An act for the relief of the legal heirs of John
Snyder, deceased;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Brown, deceased;
Bill for the relief of J. W. Nye, assignee of
Peter Baigy and Hugh Stewart;
Bill for the relief of B. W. Slaughter, late Sec-
retary of State for the Territory of Wisconsin.
The Senate then went into Executive session;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 19, 1848.
In the absence of the Speaker at the usual hour
of meeting—
The Clerk called the House to order, and said
that he had received a letter from the Speaker sta-
ting that on account of indisposition he was unable
to discharge the duties of the Chair this day.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had been requested by
the Speaker to inform the House, that owing to a
slight indisposition, he was unable to attend the
session of the House this day. Pie held m his hand
a letter he had received from his physician inform-
ing him that he deemed it imprudent for the Speaker
to leave his room to-day. He had, since the receipt
of the letter, examined the precedents relating to
cases like this. He had found that on some occa-
sions the House had adjourned;on others, they had
proceeded to electa Speaker pro tempore by ballot.
He did not know what course the House would
be disposed to take. In the pressure of public busi-
; ness atthisume, heapprehended they would hardly
• be disposed to adjourn, as the Speaker's indispo-
sition was slight: he hoped he would be able to
resume his attendance here to-dsy or to-morrow.
By resolution some gentleman mi^ht be appointed
to act as Speaker for this day; if the Speaker were
unable to attend to-morrow, the House could then
appoint a Speaker for that day. He threw out
these remarks by way of suggestion, and should
acquiesce in anything that might be done. In order
to expedite proceedings, he would venture to pro-
pose that the Hon. Mr. Burt, of South'CaroIma,
be requested to act as Speaker this day.
Mr. STEPHENS seconded the motion.
The question being propounded by the Clerk,
it was unanimously agreed to, and Mr. Burt was
conducted to the chair.
The Journal of Saturday was then read and ap-
proved.
Mr. GOGGIN (chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads) called up the post-
route bill which had been passed over informally
in order that it might be printed. Having been
printed, he presumed no gentleman would object
to it, and he knew of no reason why it should not
be passed this morning.
With reference to the difficulty suggested by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] the other day,
he would state, for the information of gentlemen,
that since this bill was before the House on Friday
last, on examination he found that the bill em-
bracing the amendments of the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Kaufman] did involve a question of
the jurisdiction of the State of Texas, providing as
it did for a post route from Corpus Christi to the
Rio Grande.
Mr. STEPHENS suggested, that as the mem-
bers of the House had not yet received printed
copies of the bill, jt be informally passed over until
to-moirow: which, after some conversation, was
agreed to.
CLAIMS OF ALABAMA.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to which was referred
the Senate bill authorizing the payment of interest
upon the advances made by the State of Alabama
for the United States Government, in ths suppres
