852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
?;
Mr McDOWELL frankly acknowledged that
this was a bill for the relief of Commander De-
Kay, and that his object was to get immediate ac-
tion by the House upon that uiU.  
A debate on order ensued, in which Messrs.
ficklin, McClelland, sims, jones of
Tennessee, CABELL, and others, took part, and
•which resulted in a refusal by the House to sus-
pend the rules.
MEMORIAL OF CHICAGO CONVENTION.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, demanded the
order of the day; and the CHAIR stated that order
to be the calling of the States for memorials and
petitions.
The call being resumed at the State of Illinois,
and that State having been called—
Mr. WENTWORTH presented the memorial
of the Chicago Convention in behalf of river and
harbor improvements, and moved that it be read
and referred to the Committee on Commeice, and
printed.
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Commerce,
advocated with much earnestness the motion to
print, basing his argument, 1st, on the great and
vital importance of the subject to the interests of
the American people—a more important paper had
not, he observed, come before Congress for many
years; and 2d, on the'distinguished ability with
■which it had been drawn up. It contained an ar-
gument on the constitutional power of this Govern-
jyientover the navigationof the country and theim-
Erovement of its rivers and harbors, which would
e found unanswerable. It had been prepared by
a gentleman who had rendered, in various eminent
stations of public trust, very important services to
the country and the Government. This formed an
additional reason why the memorial should receive
the respectful attention of the House. But, more
than all, this respect was due to the occasion which
called forth this eloquent and cogent expression of
enlightened public opinion. The paper came from
a Convention assembled at Chicago for the express
mrpose of taking these subjects into considei aiion.
n that distinguished assemblage of the people, rep-
resentatives were present from eighteen Stares of
this Union, and this memorial embodied the senti-
ments of that body in regard to the obligation of
the General Government to provide for the im-
provement of the rivers and harbors of the Union.
Many States were represented in that Convention
by very large delegations; and the unanimity with
which they agreed on the adoption ot this memo-
rial was evidence of the deep hold which this ques-
tion had taken(on the public mind. Greatanxiety
prevailed that the subject should receive the speedy
action of Congress, and it was certainly a just and
reasonable expectation, and one which the Rouse
could not respectfully disregard.
Several bills had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce for the improvement of rivers
and harbors, but none of them had yet been taken
up; nor had any motion succeeded to suspend the
rules for their consideration, nor had they been
made the special otder of the day. But the ex-
pression of public opinion was general and em-
phatic, and it would prove irresistible.
It was no answer to soy that the Executive had
refused his sanction to bills on this subject. The
people did not inquire what the President would
or would not do; they expected and they demand-
ed that their representatives should do their duty.
Gentlemen were called on by the necessities of
their country, and they would find that that coun-
try would not be satisfied if the duty was not done.
The opposition of the Executive was bat a tem-
porary sna«;, which would shortly be removed by
the force of popular opinion. In the hope that the
House would speedily act on this memorial, and
adopt satisfactory measures on the whole subject,
Mr. H. would conclude by moving the previous
question.
The call for the previous question was seconded
by the House. The previous question was theie-
upon put and carried, and the main question being
on referring the memorial to the Committee on
Commerce and ordering it to be printed, it was de-
cided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS Me-srs. Adams, Ashmun, Harrow, Belcher. Bing-
ham, Blancii<tni. Biady, Bucknei, Cabell, Canbj, Chap-
man, Cocke, CoJlamer, Collins. Conner, Cianston, Cri^field,
Crovvell, Crczier, Cummin*, Darling, Dielccy, lhtkm-on,
-Dounell. Duer, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn,
Ecki-rt, EJwaids, Embree, Nathan Evans. Farrelly, Fisher,
Freidley, Gayle, Gentry, Gidding*, Gott, Giegury, Gunnell,
Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton, Mo ea Hampton,
Henley, Henry, EM as B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hub-
bard, Hud-oh, Hunt, CtiarJes J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Inger-'
son, "Jenkins, Kellogg, Thomas B.King, Daniel P. King,
Lahm, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler,
Levin, Lincoln, Lynde, Maclay, McClelland, Melivame,
Job Mann Hoi ace Mann, Marsh. Marvin,Morehead, Moms,
Mutphy,Nel-on. Nes, N«wall, NicolJ. Outlaw,Peek, Petite,
P* tut,'Pollock, Preston, Kiehev, RockhtlJ, Johns Roekwt.ll,
John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rumsey, St. John, Sehenek,
Siieppeid, yherriil, Silvester, Shugerland. Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Starkweather, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,
Charles E Stuart. Strohm, Strong, Tailmarlge, Taylor, Tbi-
bodeaux, James Thompson, Rtchairi W. Thompson, John
B. Thompson, William Thompson, Tompkins, Toombs,
Tuck, Turner, Vinton, Warren, Wenlworth, White, WiJ-
root, ^.nd Wilson—122.
jsjaYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Birdsall, Bow-
don, Bowlin. Bovd, Biodhead, William G. Brown, Cha<e,
Beveily L. Ciatk, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Daniel, Fcatherston, Fickhn, French, Fne<, Fulton, Gog-
gin* Green, Hammons, Haralson, Harris, Hill, George S.
Houston, fm?e, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
George W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Ligon, Lumpkin,
Me.ciemand, McDowell. McKay, Miller, Moree, Peaslee,
Peyton, Phelps, Pillsburv, Sawyer, Suns, Smart, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Thurston, Venable, Wallace, Wick,
Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—56.
So the memorial was referred and ordered to be
printed.
DUTIES ON LUXURIES.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania,-moved a
suspension of the rules, to enable him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved. That the Committee of Ways and Means bo
instiucted 'to inquire nno the expediency ol reporting a bill
increasing the duties on foreign luxuries ol all kind.-, and on
tuch loremn manufactuies a.' are now coming into ruinous
competition with Amencan labor.
The question on the suspension of the rules was
decided by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams Asl nnn,B<uiow, Belcher, Blan-
chard, Brady, Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Cianston,
Cnslield, C'roweJl, Cro/.ier, Cummin-*, Dickey, Donni-li,
Duer, Daniel Duncan, Eck.'rt, Edwaids, Einbiee, Nathan
Evans, Fa nelly, Fisher, Fiournoy, Freedley, G.ijle, Gid-
dirigs, Goggm, Gott, Gregory, Grinneli, Hale, Nathan K.
Hall, James. G. Hnmptou, Mos-es Hampton. Henry, Elias B.
Holme-, John W. Houston, Hubbaid. Hudson. Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingeifoll, Jenkins, Kehoag, Thomas butler King, Darnel
P. King, William T. Lawrence, Leu:i, Lincoln, Melivame,
Iloiace Mann, Marsn, Marvin, Moiehead, Nelson, Nes,
NVwall, Outlaw, Peck, Pollock, I're-tmi, Julius Ltockvvtll,
John A Rockwell, Roman, Itumsev, St John, Sehenek,
trheppeid, Shorrill, tfilve^t.T, Shncei land, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman Smith, Starkweather, Stephens Anditnv Stewart,
Tallm.ulge, Taylor, Thibodeanx, Richard W. Thump-on,
Tompkins, Vinton, Wauen, and Wilson—83.
NAYS—Me-s-rs Aikinson, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Bud-
g'dl, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Bridge, WiihamG.
Btown, Cathcart, Chase. Beverly L. Ulaik, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel, Darling, Dickinson, Dunn,
Farm, Featherston, Ficfchn, French, Fiiea, Fulton, Green,
Haialson, Uarmanson, Harris, Hill, George S. Houston,
Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert VV. John>on, Geoige W.
Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm, Lefiler, Liffon, Lumpkin,
Lynde,'Maeiay, McClelland. MeClernand, McDowell, Me-
Kav, Job Maun, Meade, Morris, Mor«e, Murphy, NicolU
Peaslee, I'etii'-, Petnt, Peyton, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rhett,
Richey, Uockhill, Sawyer, Sims, Smart, Robeit Smith,
Chaiies E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, William Thompson, Turner, Venable, Wallace,
Weotvvorth, Wick, Wiley, William^, Wilmot, and Wood-
ward—S^.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules weie not suspended.
Mr. STEPHENS moved the following resolu-
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn
to meet at ten o'clock a. m. to-mouow; and that herealter
the hour of the daily meetings of the Hons* shall be ten
o'clock a. m., unless otherwise ordered by the IJou-e.
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGES.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY, the House pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to regulate the exchange
of certain documents and other publications of
Congress.
Mr. MURPHY said, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had been dis-
charged from the further consideration of this bill
some days since, and after it had come into the
House it had been passed over informally upon
an objection raised by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. McKay:] the gentleman had since
examined the bill, and had therefore withdrawn
his objection. He hoped the hill would be passed
without deljy.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. McKAY (the demand for the previous ques-
tion being withdrawn at his request, and on pledge
of its renewal) said, he had objected to the bill
under the impression that it interfered more ma-
terially with the provisions of the act of 1846 (the
tariff act) than he now found it did. He therefore
waived his objection on this point. But there was
another point which he did think somewhat im-
portant; he hoped the frien.ds of the bill would
modify it in this respect. It gave authority to the
Libraiy Committee indefinitely for all time fco come
to appoint these agents, without limitation either
as to time or to salaries. He moved to add a pro-
viso, that this act shall continue in force two years,
and no longer; and renewed the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. MURPHY, (Mr.TnoMpsotf havmgfurther
waived the demand for the previous question, on
pledge by Mr. M. of its renewal,) for the purpose
of meeting the objection of his friend from North
Carolina, moved to insert in the third section fifth
line the words "agency and," so.that it should
read that this two thousand dollars should be ap-
propriated for that purpose. If there was no other
appropriation made for these agencies, it was per-
fectly evident there could be no such authority
exercised by the Library Committee to bind this
House.
He was asked whyjie objected to this proviso
to limit the operation the bill to two years. He
replied, that this was or was not a valuable agency
for the States and the General Government. The
Library Committee were of opinion, and he doubted
not a majority of the House were of the opinion,
that it was one of the greatest objects that could
command the attention of Congress, having in
view, he might say, the fraternization of nations;
making them acquainted with each other's laws
and institutions. It merely provided that there
might be sent from this country to Europe, and
received from the nations of Europe, the laws and
public records of each other. That was not an
object for two years; he hoped it might be con-
tinued for alt time. If it should prove in the course
of two years to work ill, Congress would have it
in its power, and could lepeal it.
Mr. McKAY, (in his seat.) 3f it works well",,
we can renew it.
Mr. MURPHY, if it works ill, we can repeat
it. I renew the demand for the pi evious question.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded, and, under its operation, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed, and was read a third time
and passed.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT."
Mr. CROWELL, by general consent, intro-
duced the following bill, of which previous notice
had been given, to repeal the first section of an act
concerning the District of Columbia, approved
February 27, 1801, and for other purposes:
Be it enacted, 4That the first section of an act concern-
ing the District of Columbia, approved February 27, A. D.
1801, and ail other acts and pr«rN of acN that in any manner
interfere iih, regulate, or su-tain the institution of slavery
in said District be, and they are hereby, repealed.
TROOPS ENGAGED IN MEXICO.
Mr. COCKE asked leave to introduce a resolu-
tion directing the Committee on Printing to inquire
into the expediency of printing 10,0(10 extra copies
of Executive document No. 62, as revised and cor-
rected by the Adjutant General, being a report
fiom that officer, showing the number of United
States troops that have been engaged in the war
with Mexico; the number who have been killed*
died of wounds, &c. It was objected to.
Mr. C. then moved a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to offer the resolution: Yeas 92,
nays 43; two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was re-
ceived, and under the operation of the previous
question (moved by Mr. C.) it was agreed to.
The motion submitted several day since by Mr.
Rockwell, of Connecticut, to reconsider the vote
by which leave was granted for the withdrawal
of the petition and papers in the case of the legal
repiesentatives of John Johnson, was taken up;
and, after a bnefconversation between Mr. ROCK-
WELL and Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, was, un-
der the operation of the previous question, agreed
to.
VIRGINIA MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. TAYLOR moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union he di-chursed from the fuith«*r cons-ideiatiou
ot Ilouftt bill extending The time for locating Virginia mih-
taiy land wanant , and returning suiveys thereon to ttie
General Laud OlLce, and tiiat ti-.e same be put upon its
passage.
The question being put, there w«re—ayes 87,
noes 22—a quorum not voting.
