1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
Mr. VENABLE moved a call of the House,
Lost.
The question on suspending the rules was again
put, and there w.jere ayes 96, noes 29.
Two-thirds having voted m the affirmative, the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was read
and agreed to.
The House then took up the bill extending the
time for locating Virginia military land warrants,
&c.
Mr. TAYLOR explained the provisions of the
bill, and urged its immediate passage. He said,
as it was merely a local measure, which could not
be injurious to any other portion of the Union, he
could not suppose there would be any serious op-
position to it. It related to that part of the State
of Ohio known as the Virginia military district of
Ohio, lying between .the Scioto river, the Little
Miami, and the river Ohio, embracing some fout
•millions of acrcs or more. That district, when
the cessions of public land were made to the Uni-
ted States, was reserved by Virginia for her offi-
cers and soldiers of the continental army wh«
served in the revolutionary war. The greater part
of that land had been surveyed and located, leaving
but some two hundred thousand acres of very in-
ferior quality, which was particularly described in
the annual report of the Commissioner of the Land
Office, in document No 2 of the present session.
These two hundred thousand acres of land were
the only remaining public lands in the State of
Ohio that were unsurveyed, and unless this bill
were passed, the public land office at Chilicothe
wouid'he closed. In fact, it had been suspended
since the first of January last for want of author-
ity, which had been renewed repeatedly during
the last twenty years, to extend the time to sur-
vey and locate those lands. The last act of that
character was passed in the month of August, 1844,
extending the time to the 1st of January, 1848;
but still there were some portions remaining un-
surveyed and not located, for which the authority
of this bill was necessary. The passage of this
bill would work no injustice to anybody. It was
not for Ohio alone that he asked for the passage
of this measure, for it would extend the right to
Jocate land warrants to those who- held them,
whether they resided in Virginia, Kentucky, Ohio,
or any other State. And surely they ought to be
allowed this privilege. After fully explaining his
object, and making some allusions to another
measure in which the gentleman from Virginia
(Mr. Goggin] took some interest, he said he was
unwilling to consume the time of the House at
greater length than was necessary. He was not
in the habit of occupying much of its time, and he
was opposed to long speeches anywhere. At this
late period of the session, they had better act than
talk. He therefore moved the previous question;
■which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the following amendment, moved by Mr.
Taylor on the 3d of May last, was agreed to,
viz:
Sec. 2. That the same right and privilege is hereby also
extended for the same time to all such wairaut* as have
issued subsequent to said tenth day of Augu.st, A. D 1841;
pi ovided. that before the location thereof, it shall be shown
10 the s-Htiafactioii of the Commissioner of the Genoial
L uut Ofhce that such warrant wm-. issued justly and legally,
and that the person who received said warrant was legally
entitled to the same.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and,
being engrossed, was read a third time and pass-
ed.
BOUNTY LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. COLLAMER offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee-of the Whole on the state
of the Union fop discharged f:om the fuiiher consideration
of the Hou>e bill extending the time for satisfying claims
for bounty lands and for other pui-poses, and that the s-ame
be now considered and disposed ot.
Mr. C. explained the necessity of passing this
bill; otherwise, many holders of military land war-
rants would not be able to locate them.
Mr. CUMMINS, Mr. McCLERNAND, and
Mr, JOHNSON, of Arkansas, also made some
remarks on this bill; the latter gentleman, moving
the previous question, which was seconded; and,
under the operation thereof, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed, and, being engrossed, was read a
third time and passed.
A motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was passed was laid on the table.
POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS.
Mr. GOTT moved a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to offer a resolution to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
ft,om the bill to regulate the postage on newspapers
and for other purposes, and that the said bill be
put upon its passage,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said, that as he believed
no further business of importance to the country
would be done this day, he would move that the
i House do now adjourn. Lost.
j The question was then put on the suspension of
> the rules by yeas and nays, and there were yeas
; 129, nays 26.
I Two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
! were suspended, and the resolution received.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to lay the resolution on
the table. Lost,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved the
| previous question; which was seconded, and, uri-
; derthe operation thereof, the resolution was agreed
i to.
1 The House then proceeded to consider said bill.
| Mr. BRODHEAD moved to amend the bill by
j inserting the words " county or within," in the
; first, second, and third sections of the bill, so as
j to allow all newspapers to pass free through the
I mail within the county or within thirty miles of the
. office of publication.
j Mr. B. also moved the previous question.
| Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, suggested to the
; honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
i Brodhead] that he should accept a. modification
J of his amendment so as to allow of all newspapers
! passing free of postage when mailed to any place
; within the Congressional district in which they
• are or shall be published. But he refused to ac- j
i cept the modification suggested. \
Mr. BEDINGER moved an adjournment of the
House. Lost.
The previous question was then seconded; and,
; under the operation thereof, the amendment was
| agreed to, and the bill ordered to be engrossed and
i read a thiid time.
| Mr. THOMPSON moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed. i
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved a re- j
consideration of the last vote; which motion was I
laid on the table. ~ j
Mr. FRENCH asked leave to offer a resolution ■
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the |
state of the Union from the consideration of Sen- !
ate bill to repair the dam at the head of Cumber- j
land Island, in the Ohio river, and that said bill be j
put upon its passage. Objection being mdde— j
Mr. F. moved a suspension of the rules, to ena- i
ble him to offer the resolution; but before any vote |
was taken, the House adjourned. \
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 19, 1848.
Mr. WEBSTER rose and said, it was known
to the Senate that in the course of the last year a
convention had assembled at Chicago, in Illinois,
to take into consideration the subject of the im-
provement of our lakes and harbors., particularly
of those in the western States. That convention
adopted a series of resolutions, and appointed a
i committee, which was charged with the duty of
preparing a memorial for Congress. That duty
had been performed, and the task of presenting j;
that memorial had been devolved on him. All he ;!
could say concerning the memorial was, that it was ;;
a highly respectable paper. It appeared to him to !'
"he marked with much ability. It presented a sub- j
ject for consideration in which there was a well- !
known diversity of opinion in Congiess. He had
looked over the Journals for an analogous case by i:
which he might be directed as to the course he W
ought to take in the'disposition of this paper; and i;
he had found the ptoceeding on the subject of the .!
Memphis Convention, which took place in 1640. ii
| Both the memorials of these conventions were im- , i
I portant and able papers, although they were differ- '
1 ent in their views. The Memphis memorial was ii
presented by the honoiable Senator from South /
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] who moved its refer- 1
ence to a select committee of five members. He
would, therefore, propose a similar disposition of s
this paper. He rxioved its .reference to a select j
committee of five members, to be appointed by !
the Presiding Officer, and that it be printed. The*
motion was agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER said he might be induced, at
some other time, to move for the printing of an
extra number of copies, as was done in the case of
the Memphis memorial.
The following was announced by the Chair as
the committee: Messrs. Webster, Davis .of Mis-
sissippi, Breese, Johnson of Maryland, and Bor-
land.
Mr. WEBSTER also presented a petition from
Charles Colburn, asking payment for the full term
of his enlistment in the navy of the United States.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from the in-
habitants of Rosendale, Wisconsin, remonstrating
against granting land to Mr. Whitnev for the con-
struction of a road from Lake Michigan to the Pa-
cific Ocean; which was referred to uie Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. LEWIS presented a petition from delegates
of the Creek nation, asking Congress to pass an
act for the adjustment of their unsettled business;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from cit-
izens of New York, complaining of the Camden
and Amboy railroad, and asking that Congress
will establish a post route between Philadelphia
and New York; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from
Captain Paynes, of a company of Florida volun-
teers, for pay; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TURNEY presented a petition from the
late Choctaw commissioners, praying the allow-
ance of mileage for travel while tn the discharge of
their duties; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, fiom the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of
Joseph Perry, a Choctaw Indian, or his assigns,
without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, Senate bill to
regulate trade and intercourse with Indian tribes -
residing within the limits of the State of Texas,
with an amendment. *
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads,'made a report recommend-
ing that the Senate concur in the amendment by
the House to the bill for the relief of David Shaw
and Solomon T. Corser; which was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to regulate the trial of issues
in the District of Columbia; which was read a fhst
time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on House bill for
the relief of Thomas B. Graham.
Mr. WESTCOTT also, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on House bill for
the relief of James Poiterfieid's legal representa-
tives.
Mr. WESTCOTT also, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported Senate bill for the relief
of Gamaliel Taylor, late marshal of the State of
Indiana, and his sureties, with an amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill granting to the State of
Missouri the right of way and a donation of public
lands for making a railroad connecting the town of
St. Joseph, on the Missouri river, with the town
of Hannibal, on the Mississippi river, with ac-
companying documents; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported House bill for the relief of Al-
borne Allen, without amendment.. •
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following:
Resolved, That a member leaving the Senate, shall, nei-
ther du-cctlv nor indirectly, assign his spat to another, and
that tie vacant seat* shall be assigned by the I resident, trom
a list kept for that purpose, and according to the date ot the
record of then names. ,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the
following:
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury inform the
Senate of ihe whole number of officers now employed m
and about the eustom-hou^e of Uic United ,.uti -> in tji. ci )
of Baltimore, with the compensation allowed to each ; ana
that he nho inform the Senate -n hat wa  the number of such
officers at the same custom house on thetttiol MaicI),181j,
and tile compensation allowed each.
