854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
Mr. davis, of Mississippi, in pursuance of I
notice, obtained leave to bring in a joint resolution j
to authorize the adjudication of certain Indian j
claims under the act of 23d of August, 1842.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to postpone the pre-
vious orders, to take up the bill to amend the act
entitled 44 An act for the regulation of seamen on
board the public and private vessels of the United
States."
Mr. DICKINSON stated that theobjcct of this
bill was to enable those individuals who had not
been able to perfect their letters of naturalization,
in consequence of being compelled to be absent j
from the United States since the notification of :
their intention, to obtain relief. He had been for j
four years trying to get this bill through, and if j
there was opposition, he must ask for the yeas and
nays on his motion. j
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked whether the bill j
proposed that the time an individual might be ab- j
sent from the United States, was to be made up by j
subsequent residence, prior to the granting of the ;
certificate ^ '
Mr. DICKINSON replied in the affirmative. [
Mr. BREESE said that if the applicant for nat- 1
uralization should be called out of the United :
States, and remain abroad four years and eleven i
months, that time would not be counted. 1
Mr. CALHOUN referred to another bill on the j
subject of naturalization, which had been intro-
duced, and thought it would be advisable to have '
the whole subject before the'Senate at the same j
time. He would therefore prefer that this bill be !
informally passed over. I
Mr. WESTCOTT was opposed to the bill,and ;
gave some reasons which were inaudible, from his .
position under the gallery. j
Mr. BERRIEN explained the law as it would |
stand after the passage of this bill, which required
that the live years' residence should be completed.
If the applicant for a certificate were absent any
part of that time, it would remain for the court to
decide whether that absence was sufficient to pre-
vent the issuing of the certificate. As the law now
stands, if any person, alter notifying his intention
to become a citizen, sets his foot out of the United
States, he must go through the full term of five
years'residence again. Under this bill, he may
be called away for £?short period by business, but
having filed his desire to become naturalized, the
court may decide that theie* is no sufficient reason
for his going again over the whole term of proba-
tion.
Thp bill was then considered, and read a third
time and passed.
SUPREME COURT.
Mr. BADGER moved to postpone the prior
orders, and to take up the bill to promote the de-
spatch of business in the Supreme Court, and to
repeal the second section of the act approved June
17,1844, entitled 44 An act concerning the Supreme
Court of the United States."
The motion having been agreed to, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of
the Whole. The bill was reported without amend-
ment, and ordered to a third reading. The bill
was then read a third time.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
SOUTHERN MAIL.
Mr. PEARCE moved to postpone the prior j
orders, and to take up the joint resolution requi- j
rins; the Postmaster General to renew the contract i
with the Richmond, Fredericksburg, and Potomac i
Railroad and Steamboat* Company for the trans- l
portation of the great southern mail, as follows: 1
Resolved, <$c., That the Postmaster General be, and he is 1
hercbv, authorized nnd rpquirert to renew the arrangement \
heretofore exi-tnm for th« transportation of the great ^outh- j
em mail by the Richmond, FiPrtencksbnrg, and Potomac j
Railroad and Steamboat Company, at a pi ice not greater than !
that which wis paid by the present Fosim.istei General for ]
the ti asportation of said mail up to the month of July, 1847. j
Mr. ATHERTON hoped the Indian appropria-
tion bill would be taken up.
M p. BERRIEN hoped the joint resolution would
be taken up, as the public convenience was.now
suffering in consequence of the delay in the trans-
portation of the mail.
The motion was then agreed to: Ayes 16,
noes 14.
The joint resolution was then taken up for con-
sideration as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. UNDERWOOD thought the joint resolu-
tion ought to he so amended as to contain a pro-
vision for the payment of the pioprietors of the
line of stages employed by the Postmaster General
for the damage they will sustain by the withdiaw-
ing of their contract.
Mr. PEARCE considered the amendmentun-
necessary, because the general rule, under the law
which authorizes the Postmaster General to rescind
a contract, is to allow the contiactors a reasonable
allowance for damages.
Mr. UNDERWOOD suggested that this rule
applied to the ordinary transactions of the depart-
ment, and would not apply to any case of special
legislation by Congiess. In this case, the propri-
etors of the stages had made arrangements for a
long service, and it would be unjust to leave them
with a laige number of horses, &c., on hand. The
amendment, even if useless, could not be injurious
Mr. PEARCE stijl maintained that the amend-
ment was unnecessary.
Mr. NILES said there was great inconvenience
experienced from the present arrangements of the
department, and he understood that no saving had
been effected. Still he felt very reluctant to-sanc-
tion any act which would diminish the force of the
law which establishes the maximum of compen-
sation to lailroad companies. This joint resolution
virtually sets aside the existing law, and on this
ground he objected to the icsolution.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. PEARCE briefly stated the history of the
transaction between the Postmaster General and
the company. He then showed that the route now
travelled by the mail was much longer than it was
when the mail was conveyed by the steamboat and
railroad; and the delay m the transmission of let-
ters and the transportation of passengers was very
much increased by the new arrangement. The |
cost to the public, also, was heavier by some thou- j
sands than it was by the steamboat route. He |
leferrcd to the Journals in order to .show in what |
cases and at what times Congress had deemed it
proper to jnterfeie. The mail from Washington
to Richmond is now carried in two-horse wagons,
at a cost to the Government of fifteen thousand
dollars, it was supposed by some, that, after the !
passage of this resolution, the dilferent railroad
companies would be crowding the department for
an met ease of pay. He reminded the Senate, how-
ever, that this line of boats ran through the winter
and summer, and was at the expense of keeping
an ice-boat.
Mr. BRADBURY said that the department was
exceedingly anxious to make a contract with this
company, and had offered a fair price. He thought
the effect of this resolution would be to throw the
Postmaster General- at the feet of railroad compa-
nies. Asa matter seriously affecting the public
interests, we ought not to dispose of this resolu-
tion hastily. Application ought to have been made
to the Legislature of Virginia to enforce thefine of
five bundled dollais for every refusal to carry the
mail, whenever the company had so refused.
Mr. HUNTER corrected the Senator from ,
Maine. The Legislature of Virginia had never I
authorized any such fine. j
Mr. BRADBURY was sorry it had not, and !
hoped we should adopt a wiser course. '
The resolution was reported; and the question i
being on the engrossment— j
Mr. HALE expressed his hope that the resolu-
tion would not be passed, because it would be es-
tablishing a dangerous precedent. Itwould induce
other companies to come forward with demands
for special contiacts, and would subject the Gov-
ernment to constant impositions. He knew noth-
ing about the merits of the controversy between
the Postmaster General and the company, but he
knew that great evils must result from passing this
resolution. Companies travelling from Boston to
the East would be sure to come forward for special
aid.
Mr. BERRIEN said it was very evident that the
Senator from New Hampshne had not looked into
the contract, and leplied to his objections in a few
words.
Mr. RUSK also took ground against the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] and the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] and advocated the
resolution.
Mr. BRADBURY reiterated his former objec-
tions to the resolution, and submitted an amend-
ment, providing that the company shall pay any
damages which may accrue to the proprietors of
the local mail and to the company now employed
to transport the mail across the bay to Fredericks-
burg.
Mr. PEARCE showed the impropriety of the
amendment, and read extracts frorfi rhe correspond-
ence between Mr. Robinson and the Postmaster
Genera), in order to disabuse the minds of Senators
of any wrong impressions which may have been
made on them. The effect of the amendment, if
' agreed to, would be to destroy the resolution. The
j.company could not be made legally or morally
i liable for damages; and if not, it was certainly not
> very dignified to introduce such a proposition into
; the resolution.
| Mr. BRADBURY vindicated his amendment,
1 and was replied to by Mr. PEARCE.
j Mr. YULEE said he should vote for the resolu-
' tion as it was reported, and againsfany amendment,
j The public had been a long time suffering under
j serious inconvenience from the derangement of the
j southern mail. At the beginning of the session
j he was dispose^ to leave the matter in the hands
j of the Postmaster General, but as he had neglected
I to suggest any remedy, he (Mr. Y.) would now
; vote to adopt the remedy suggested by the joint
[ resolution.
Mr. ALLEN objected tothisinterferenceofCon-
: gress with the contracts of a department. He con-
| sidered it a dangerous innovation on the established
| practice of the Government. Congress had passed
: a law regulating the rate of'compensation to these
I railroad companies, and fixing a maximum which
I was liberal. And now Congress was called on to
condcmn the conduct of the department, c<nd to
turn the two Houses of Congress into a.vault, in
which there shall be a general scramble for the
public money. He was opposed to feeding these
greedy corporations from the public treasury. He
would rather transmit the mail by engaging all the
blooded horses in the Union to carry it speedily,
than pay the exorbitant demands of these steam
companies.
Mr. MASON said that while he agreed in the
genera! views taken by the Senator from Ohio, as
to the impiopnety of interposing the power of
il Congress between the departments and their con-
I tractors, he could not apply that principle to a case
i in which so many States were put to gieat incon-
j; venience, and where commerce was thrown into
! confusion, for the purpose of saving a few thousand
j; dollars. While the Postmaster General was so
i. decided m his construction of the law, it was to be
II regretted that the opinion of the law officer was
I. not communicated. He was disposed to believe
ji that the construction put on it by the Postmaster
h General svas wrong. The correspondence between
|j the Postmaster General and the president of the
11 company seemed to him to savor more of a per-
jj sonal difference between the two individuals than
i; of an argument on the case; and it was not of a
j| sufficiently elevated character to enter into the
j! deliberations of this body. He adverted to the
|j enlarged liberality which had been evinced by the
H Vnginia railroad companies in their conduct in
j conveying- troops and munitions of war without
j; charge, while lar^e sums were expended for this :
I. purpose m other States.
Mr. WESTCOTT was glad this discussion had
i, taken place, because it enabled him to say some*
I, thing about the inconvenience which the people of
! Florida had suffered from the want of a mail to
il Key West, and other parts of the State. He had
just recei\ed a letter from the interior of Florida,
which his correspondent had to ude thirty miles
i to put into the mail, and then it v.as forty duys
! coming to hand. He would not vote for any ac-
;; commodation to the middle States until the mail
facilities were extended to Florida.
!j The question was then taken on the amendment
j' of Mr. Bradbury, and it was decided in the neg-
ji ative: Ayes 38, noes 27.
<; Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said he had
<\ voted against the amendment because he regarded
![ it as preposterous. He did notexactly like thereso-
! lution. but he believed he should have to vote for it.
! He would be glad to see in what way ihe expenses
j; could be diminished, without interfering with the
■I convenienceof the public. He thought the idea of
i' the Senator from Ohio as to running blood horses
]i against steam would not answer. The only way
!! was to set up against steam horse another steam
j horse.
i i Mr. HALE submitted an amendment, the object
I; of "which was not distinctly heard.
