1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
Mr. CAMERON defended railroad companies,
maintaining that they had rendered great service
to the country. They may b% exorbitantly paid,
but we have the option to agreeorto take another
course.
Mr. ALLEN made some further remarks on
the extortions practised by these companies, op-
posing any concession to them. - The railroads'
traveise two-thirds of the cpuntry, as regards
population, and will raise a flame unless we take a
stand between them and the people, and show that
these companies are extorting money from the
pockets of the people. If the companies referred
to carry the mail, he would go before the people.
It was a question of taxes and intelligence. He
would shew them that although the people would
pay one dollar of tax for one dollar's worth of
intelligence, they would not pay five dollars of tax
for one dollar's worth of intelligence. He moved
to lay the resolution on the table, and would ask
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLEN withdrew his motion, to enable
Mr. PEARCE to show that the company in
this case did not make an exorbitant charge. The
dividends on their stock for ten years did not
average more than three and a half per cent. So
that they had not charged sufficient to swell their
dividends.
Mr, UNDERWOOD remarked that he was op-
posed to exorbitant demands on the Government,
but he should vote for this resolution, because he
had been assured that the charge in this case was
moderate. He wished to say, that if he perceived
any danger of this resolution bringing all the rail-
road companies to thrust in their demands, he
would not vote for it. >
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, made a few ad-
ditional observations in support of the resolution.
'Mr. HALE said that the Senator from Ken-
tucky had declared .he would vote for the lesolu-
tion under protest. The railroad companies would
be glad of the vote, and would care little about
the protest. Some persons, he recollected, voted
the Polk and Dallas ticket under protest against
certain measures. But they gave their vote, and
took nothing by their protest. He would enter
his protest in his vote. He made also some few
remarks on what had fallen from the Senators
from Massachusetts and Georgia, He moved to
Jay the resolution on the table, and asked the yeas
and nays on the question, which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradburv, Bree&e, Bnght, Davts* ofMississippi, Dickin-
son, Dix, Feich, Foote, Haie, Hamlin, Houston, Wiles, Se-
bastian, Turney, and Westcott—20.
NAYri—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cameron, Clarke, Clayton, Coiwin. Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Downs, Gtecne, Hamiegan, Huutei, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson or Geoigia,
Lewis, Mungum, Mason, Aliilei, Pearce, Phelps, Rus k,
Spiuance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham. and Yulec—29.
Mr. HALE withdrew his amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia^ then moved to
amend the.bill by inserting a proviso that the com-
pany owning the bay line and the James river line,
now carrying the mail, shall relinquish their present
contract, without claiming any damages to be paid
by the Post Office Department,
On this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and the question was taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Johnson, and decided in the negative,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton,Benton, Borland, ftiad-
bury. Bree&e, Blight, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix,
Felch, Foote, Hale, Hamlin, Johnson of Georgia, Niles, Se-
bastian, Turney, and Westcott—J9.
iVAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cameron, Clarke, Clayton, Convin, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Down4., Greene, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Ma-
ryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Marigiim, Mason,
JVlilior, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Spruance, Stuigeon, Under
wood, and Yulee—27.
The question was then taken on ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was decided in the affirmative. But on the
third reading, Jt was discovered there were .gross
inaccuracics in the printing, which rendered it in-
dispensable to reconsider the vote ordering the
engrossment, which was done, the proper correc-
tion made, and the resolution passed in the same
form published above. * *
Mr. DIX gave notice of his intention to call up
during the morning hour to-morrow the bill to
prevent the importation of spurious drugs.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 20, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The Clerk called the House to order thivs morn-
ing at ten o'clock—the time fixed for the future
daily meetings—and stated t'hat the sickness of the
|j Speaker stiil continued, and, as the tune for which
I! Mr. Burt was elected Speaker pro tern, had expired,
•jl it became necessary that the House should again
appoint a presiding officer.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, said he supposed
that in the course of a very few days the Speaker
would be able to resume the chair, but for those
days it was necessary that some provision should
be made. On consultation with some friends he
had prepared a lesolution, which he begged to offer, j
as follows: |
Resolved, That the Hon. A. Burt, of South Carolina, be i
requested to discharge the duties of the Chair during the j
present week, it the sickness ot the Speaker t-uuuld *>o long |
contiuue. j
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, suggested an amend-
ment, so that the resolution should appoint Mr.
Burt Speaker pro tem. for the present week, if the
sickness of the Speaker should so long continue,
instead of lequesting him to discharge the duties
of the Chair.
Mr. KING accepted the modification, and in that
shape the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BURT, before taking the chair, from the
Clerk's desk, suggested whether it was not neces-
sary that he should be sworn before entering upon
the discharge of the duties of t'he temporary office
to which he had been elected. He was" sworn
as a member of this House at the commencement
of the session to support the Constitution, but he
had taken no oath to discharge the additional duties
of Speaker pro tem.
Mr. COBB would inquire if there was any oath
but that to support the Constitution'
Mr. BURT. That is the oath taken by the
Speaker.
Mr. COBB suggested, that as that oath had been
taken by the gentleman from South Carolina as a
member of this House, no further oath was neces-
sary now.
Mr. ASHMUN said he did not understand that
at the commencement of a session the Speaker was
sworn as such, but simply as a member of the
House.
Mr. SIMS. He is sworn first; that is all.
Mr. BURT requested the Clerk to read that
portion of the first day's Journal which recorded
the fact.
The Clerk read it accordingly. It was recorded
that Mr. Adams administered the oath to support
the Constitution to the Hon. Robert C. Wikt-
throp, the Speaker, and that the Speaker admin-
istered the same oath to the other members of the
House.
Mr. BURT, with these explanations, was satis-
fied, and he then took the chair.
Mr. ASHMUN moved a resolution directing the
Clerk of the House to inform the Senate that the
House had elected the Hon. A. Burt Speaker
pro tem. for the present week, if the sickness of the
Speaker should so long continue. Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BOYD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquite mlo the expediency of procuring of the
inventor a sufficient supply of "Colt's recently-improved
repeating pistols" tor our Indian and frontier service; and,
ll fivorable, an amount necessary to purchase tlieiu be added
to the general nniitaiy appropriation bill.
Mr. HARALSON asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion calling on the Secretary of War to communi-
cate to the House of Representatives what the re-
spective force of each corps of the army would be
when the several laws authorizing a reduction of
the army on the conclusion of peace with the Re-
public of Mexico were carried into effect. It was
objected to, and not received.
Mr. GOGGiN [called for the regular order of
business, being the call on committees for reports.
After some conversation between gentlemen who
desired to get special business before the House—
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the report of the Committee on
Public Expenditures, which was postponed some
two weeks a°;o to this time.
Mr. STROHM said he understood the minority
I of the committee would be ready to report to-mor-
| row, and therefore he moved the further postpone-
- ment of this object, that the reports of the majority
and minority should be before the House at, the
same time.
Mr. BEDINGER said he was ready to report
now from the minority of the Committee on Public
Expenditures.
Mr. STROHM had been informed that the mi-
nority would not present their report until to-mor-
row. He, however, desired the postponement of
this question until to-morrow, that he might have
an opportunity to read the minority report before
Us presentation, he not havinghad an opportunity
yet to read more than a few pages of it.
By general consent, it was further postponed
until to-morrow.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which were referred Senate bills for
the relief of Commodore Foxal A. Parker and for
the relief of Anna J. Hassler, reported the same
back to the House without amendment. Com-
mitted.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Eunice Crossman. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petition of Geofge Bock. Laid on
the table.
Mr. COCKE, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of Polly Damrow and
Elizabeth Kinney. Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petitions of Lucy Clark, Abigail
Higbee, and Anna Oldham. Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was dischaiged from the
further consideration of the petitions of Francis P.
Gardner, Frances Fowler, Catharine Freeman,
Mary Martin, of Tennessee, Hannah Lord, James
Oldham, of Maryland, Valentine Miller, Joseph
Phelps, Sarah Hammond, Levi Nichols, and
Thomas Pritchard, and they were laid on the
table.
Mr. CUMMINS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Mary G. Leverett.
Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petitions of John Cripps, J. L. Fair
and others, heirs of Jonathan Fair, Francis Ingra-
ham, and Jos. Cogswell. Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the resolutions of the
Legislature of New York in relation to granting
pensions to widows and orphans of officers and
soldiers who fall in battle, or who die from wounds
received,&e., and they were laid on the table.
Mr. HAMMONS, from the samp committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Mary Buck. Read
and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse
reports on the petitions of Henrietta Moore and
other widows of levolutionarv soldiers, praying
for a continuance of their pensions during life, of
the heirs of Robert McNeill and Catharine O'Neale.
Laid on the tabic.
Mr. FREEDLEY, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Ada
Smith, David Troxell, Wolcott Burnham, the
widow of George Hubbard, and of Asa Day.
Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. F., the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
petitions of citizens of Dover, New Hampshire,
in j elation to the granting of pensions to the
widows of officers and soldiers of the revolution-
ary and last wars with Great Britain, and they
were laid on the table.
Mr. SILVESTER, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Mary
Stanton, Jlhoda Drury, Ann O. Wright, Sally
Hart, and Susan O^lesby. Laid on the table.
Mr. BOCOCK, "from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Pistole, widow of Charles Pistoie, de-
ceased, reported the same back to the House with-
out amendment. Commuted.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition
of Stephen A. Cory. Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. F., the same committee was
discharged from'the further consideration of tne
petitions of James Somers, Samuel T. \\ ms.ow,
John Gordon, Mary Ann Fitch. Chester Parish,
