856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
and Hu:
table.
rh G. Smith, and they'were laid on the
Mr FULTON", from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill for the relief of
David Currier, reported the same back to the
House without amendment. Committed.
Mr. WILEY, from the same committee, report-
ed bills for the relief of Francis Trebon, Edward
Cole, William Whitcher. Read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the same com-
mittee, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Solomon Street, Martha Flood,'and March Far-
ington. Lsiid on the table.
*bn motion of Mr. L., the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
Eetitions of William Linville and others, Thomas
i. Richardson, John Davenport, and David Ladd,
and they were laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, reported bills
to increase the pension of Henry Click, for the re-
lief of David Towle, for the relief of George S.
Claflin, for the relief of Henry Childs, for the re- j
lief of William Pittman, for tRe relief of Catharine
Clark, for the relief of Joseph D. Ward, and for
the relief of Isaac Downs; which bills were sever-
ally read twice and committed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia, from the same
committee, reported bills for the relief of Giles
London, for the relief of Gardner Hening, and for
the relief of David Murphy; which bills were
severally read tvvicc and committed.
Also, on motion of Mr. T., the same committee !
was discharged from the consideration of the peti- [
tions of Jonathan M. Young, Hugh W. Dobbin, :
A. A. Whitlock, and others, in behalf of Samuel j
House; and from the joint resolution of the Legis- ;
lature of New York in relation to granting pen-
sions to widows and orphans of officers and soldiers
who fall in battle; and they were severally laid on
the "table.
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petition of Russell Jefferson. Laid
on the table
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, asked leave to
introduce a bill regulating and reducing the mileage
of Senators and Representatives in the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. PETT1T objected.
Mr. HOLMES appealed to Mr. PEfTiT to with-
draw his objection to the introduction of this bill.
Mr. PETTiT declined acceding to the appeal.
VOTING BY MACHINE.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, by direction of
the Committee on Public Buildings and Giounds,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That'the Clerk of the House of Representatives
cause to be erected and prepared tor operation the machine
of Fiancis II. Smith lor taking the yeas and nays m the Hall
-of the House of Representatives, and that the same be adopt-
ed when erected as the mode of ascertaining the seiiM* of
the House on a call for the yeas and nays and on a call of the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON observed that the Committee
on the Public Buildings and Grounds had had
sundry memorials referred to them on this subject,
and he himself made a report, by direction of the
committee, some weeks since, in relation to it. It
was true that a majority of the committee did not ;
recommend the adoption of Mr. Smith's invention; j
but, as there existed a difference of opinion among ;
dt3 members, they had authorized-Mr. H< to make j
a report setting forth the advantages of the plan, i
and leaving the House to act upon it according to ]
their own good pleasure. Mr. H. was, personally, j
of opinion that the proposed mode of taking the yeas }
and nays ought to be adopted, because it would be
-attended, if successful, with a great saving both of
time and money. Believing that this machine of
Mr. Smith was well calculated to accomplish the
end in view, namely, a speedy and unerring mode
of taking and recording yeas and nays,"he hoped
it would be adopted, and he had therefore submit-
ted a resolution to that effect, on which he demand-
ed the previous question, and asked for the yeas
•and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, raised a question of
order. As he understood this was not the report
of the committee, but simpjy of one individual
member, could it, as such, be received but by gen-
eral consent?
The CHAIR observed, that as the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds had authorized j
their chairman to make the report, he ruled it to
■be in.order.
Mr. JONES remonstrated. This was nothing
more, at best, than a minority report. It expressed
but the opinion of a single member, while all the
rest of the committee were of a different opinion.
Mr. HOUSTON said he had been directed by
the committee to submit this report to the House
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to lay the report
on the table.
On that motion Mr. flOUSTON called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. McCLELLAND then said he would with-
draw his motion to Jay on the table, if Mr. H.
would consent to withdraw his demand for the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON consenting,both motions were
withdrawn.
Mr. JONES desired to renew the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. FARAN saiti he was one of theCommittee
on the Public Buildings, and he stated that it had
been agreed in the committee that their chairman
should make the present report, arid leave it to the
House to take what course it pleased.- This resolu-
tion had twodefects which Mr F.considered import-
ant. First, it directed that the Clerk of the House
should enter into the proposed contract with Mr.
Smith' to put up this apparatus. Now, he thought
the proper officer to do this was the Commissioner
of the Public Buildings. The Clerk was not pre-
sumed to be conversant with the putting up of
such a machine. Congress had a public officer
whose official business it was to oversee and direct
all alterations and fixtures in the Capitol and the
public grounds; he, if any one, ought to be charged
with this matter. And the other defect of this
resolution was that no limit was specified as to
time or money. The contractor might demand
$100,000 for the job. If the resolution were adopt-
ed, it should at least be restricted as to amount.
Mr. POLLOCK thought this was a subject
which should receive the consideration of the
House. Whether the method invented by this Mr.
Smith was the best way of effecting the object was
one thins, but certainly the thing itself was proper j
and desirable. The object of this apparatus for '
taking yeas and nays was to economize the public
time. With this view the House had restricted
the speeches of its members on subjects, however
momentous to the nation, to one hour. Now, this |
process of taking and recording a vote by yeas and j
nays consumed upon an average from twenty to [
thirty minutes, and the yeas and nays were some- jj
times called as often as six times in one day; and !i
besides, as gentlemen well knew, the calling of ij
them was often lesorted to for the purpose of de- i
feating by delay a measure which the majority of !
the House were prepared to pass. One-fifth of the |
members could compel the yeas and nays to be
taken on any question, and it was a power by
which a minority could at times defeat and had ac-
tually defeated a measure that had a majority of the
House in its favor. The House, on certain criti-
cal questions affecting the power of parties, had
been known to sit from eleven in the morning to
eleven at night, occupied during almost the whole
of the time iti calling yeas and nays. This was an
evil, a great evil; and the machine now proposed
to be set up at the Clerk's table would save at least
one-half of the time ordinarily consumed in the pro-
cess. It would thus be productive of a great econ-
omy of time, besides having a salutary effect in
preventing factious movements in the House.
Mr. P. had not taken the trouble to go into a jl
minute calculation of the time saved, but he was j!
satisfied it would amount to at least two months in -t\
the long sessions of Congress. Was not the saving ;j
of so much time an object woithy of the serious
attention of the House? Every consideration of'i
cconomy and reform demanded it at their hands, i
This was an age of reform, an age of progress; and
he hoped gentlemen who advocated reform in other
things would not refuse to promote it in this.
There should, no doubt, be a proviso appended to
the resolution limiting the amount of the contract;
and it might be proper that a committee should be
directed to superintend the carrying of it into exe-
cution. But that something of the kind, if practi- ,
cable, should receive the earnest attention of the !
House, no advocate of economy could for a mo- i
ment doubt. He hoped they should have the yeas j
and nays on adopting the resolution. Mr. P. did j
not, however, wish to be understood as implying, |
by this demand, any imputation on gentlemen who i
differed with him in this matter, as if they wished I
wantonly to consume the public time; but he wish-
ed to record his own vote in favor of a measure
which he thought Economy demanded and the
country would expect at their hands.
Mr. BOWL1N moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and the motion prevailing, the resolution
was laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief William K.
Ashard. Read and committed.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Samuel Graves. Com-
mitted.
MONUMENT TO MR. ADAMS.
Mr. ICING, from the Committee on Accounts,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, Tl>at the Committee on the Library of this
Hou.se be authorized to procure a monument ot Guincy
granite, with r-iutahh? inscriptions, to bf. erected in the Con-
gressional burying-ground in memory of John Quiney
Adams.
Mr. KING said, that unless the House took
some orderon the subject, a bill would be presented
to the Committee on Accounts within less than a
month for the erection of such a monument as they
had been erecting for thirty or forty years, with-
out shape or form, and made of such perishable
materials that it was necessary to paint them every
three or four years to keep them from fa/ling to
the ground. There was no form or comeliness in
these monuments; they were of one invariable de-
scription, and it was not at all creditable to the
Government to erect so shapeless a monument
there to any person. But in the present instance,
where a monument was proposed to be erected in
memory of one so distinguished for his long public
services, distinguished, too, by the universal mourn-
ing of a nation, as well as by the peculiar honors
conferred upon his memory by this House and the
other branch of Congress, it was thought the duty
of the committee to call the attention of the House
to the case, that it might exercise its discretionary
power. There was no limit or sum fixed in the
resolution, but it was perfectly competent for the
House to limit the Library Committee to any sum
they thought proper. At least, the Committee on
Accounts thought they would not discharge their
duty to the House if in some form or manner they
did not call attention to the subject.
Mr. BOWLIN understood that there was al-
ready a law upon the statue-book providing for the
erection of monuments in the Congressional bury-
ing ground to every deceased member of this body.
Now, if this resolution intended anything at all,
it intended to draw a distinction in that ground
between the monuments that should remain there
to the memory of one class of members and to
-that of another class. If there was no design
in this resolution to put the country to the ex-
pense of a magnificent monument, that wa3 to
overshadow all the monuments of the brother
members that had passed off the stage of action,
there was no use in the resolution at "all; be-
cause,as he ^understood, there was ample provis-
ion under existing law for putting precisely the
durable monument that had already been placed
there to the memory of deceased members. If
there was not, he would go for any proposition to
put it there. But he did piotest against this House
engaging in the business of erecting splendid,
magnificent monuments to the memory of deceased
eminent statesmen. Who had ever asked this
House to erect a monument to the memory of
Washington, the Father of his Country ? to the
memory of Jefferson, or any of the eminent states-
men and patriots who hud gone before us? The
people were ready to take that work into their own
hands.
! The foundation of a monument, to be erected by
general subscription, was about to be laid in this
i city to Washington; the foundation for a mouu*
j ment to Jefferson, he understood, had already been
laid. No doubt a monument would be erected to
' the memory of the distinguished statesman who
i had recently departed from our midst; but he
! solemnly protested against this House engaging
: in erecting these monuments. If they once begun
: the system, where was it to end? There was no
precedent for it, and no necessity for it. The
; gentleman told them a monument differing from
those usually erected should be authorized in this
j case on account of the distinguished abilities which
it was desired to commemorate. Were monu-
ments in the Congressional burying-ground to mark
