858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported House Bills for the relief of R. O. Tayloe
and John H. Baker, without amendment.
Mr. MASON also, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of Ar-
nold Naudam.
Mr. MASON also, from the same committee,
reported House bill for the relief of Mary B. Ren-
der, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Albert Pine.
Mr. RUSK also, from the same committee, re-
ported House bill for the relief of Dr. A. G. Henry,
of Illinois, without amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported the following House bills, with-,
out amendment:
For the relief of Almedeus Scott.
For the relief of Elijah Bragdon's widow.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee ofClaims,
made an unfavorable report on the bill from the
House for the relief of H. D. Johnson.
Mr. WESTCOTT also, from the same com-
mittee, reported, with amendments, the following
House bills:
For the relief of Samuel A. Greer.
For the relief of Eleanor B. Watkins, widow of
Gassaway Watkms.
The following bills were severally considered in
Committee of the Whole, and passed:
House bill to regulate the exchange of certain
documents and other-publications of Congress.
House bill giving further time for satisfying
claims for bounty lands and other purposes.
ADULTERATED DRUGS.
Mr. DIX moved to postpone the prior orders,
and to take up the House bill in relation to the
prohibition of adulterated drugs, in pursuance of
notice given yesteiday; which motion was agreed
to.
Mr. DIX said that this bill had been considered
in a committee of the House composed partly of
members of the medical profession. A similar bill
had been reported by lum in the Senate, from the
Committee on Commerce. In the opinion of many,
the bill of the Senate was considered preferable to
the other, on some accounts. As the subject was
well understood by Senators, he would not go
into any lengthened explanations, but would con-
tent himself with moving to strike out the provi-
sions uf the House bill, and substitute the Senate
bill.
Mr. DICKINSON said this bill belonged to that
class of legislation which attempts to put the bell
on the cat. He had no faith in it. The materials
would be brought here, and the spurious drills
would be manufactured. If we could stop the
compounding of these drugs,interdict patients from
taking, and physicians from prescribing, we might ,
do some good. He would not oppose the bill, but j
he had no faith in this legislation. :
Mr. DIX refoned to the practice which prevails j
in Great Britain as to the examination of drugs '
and medicines. He said that spurious drugs were j
imported, in large quantities, into various ports.
Peruvian bark, blue pill, arid quinine, had been
introduced in a spurious and pernicious form.
He did not know whether Congress had power to
put an end to the evil; but as it was a matter of !
life and death, it was a subject deserving of the |
most serious consideration. The physician seldom i
compounds the medicine, and cannot always detect j
what is ppurioup, as the compounding is left to the j
apothecary. He thought it the duty of Congress ;
to take some steps to terminate the evil.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that drugs !
were prepared for this market in Belgium and '
France, of spurious and poisonous materials. Prus- j
sian blue was mingled with blue mass, and poisons .
were sometimes substituted. He had conversed |
with medical men in New York, who were all in j
favor of such a bill. |
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said there was j
no exaggeration in the statements which had been |
made by the Senators who had preceded him. The j
bill had been prepared in pursuance of the views i
of some of our most eminent chemists. If we can !'
stop the importation of the spurious drug from
abroad, we shall know how to d^il with those who
may choose to go into their adulteration in the
United States.
Mr. BORLAND said a few words in favor of
the bill; believing, from his own expcricnce as a
medical practitioner, that it would diminish the ex-
isting evil. He attributed the success of empirics
, to the use of genuine drugs.
| Mr. CALHOUN expressed his apprehension
: that the bill could not have the effect of termina-
: ting the evil.
| Mr. DIX referred to the opinion of a national
i convention on the subject; the.opinion of which
I was, that the bill would prove beneficial if it was
not too much restricted in its provisions.
i The amendment was then agreed to; and the bill,
I as amended, was read a third time and passed.
i On motion of Mr. DIX, the title was amended.
j
| SUPREME COURT.
j On motion of Mr. BADGER, the bill to promote
; the despatch of business in the Supreme Court, and
j to repeal the second section of the act approved
June 17, 1844, entitled <kAn act concerning the
Supreme Court of the United States," was then
taken up.
Mr. BUTLER said there was an inconsistency
between this bill and one which he had reported
yesterday, and he should'therefore move to lay
the bill on the table for the present.
The motion having been withdrawn—
Mr. BADGER said he felt no solicitude at all
about the bill. It might be amended or rejected,
or any other disposition may be made of it that
the Senate might please. The bill had received
the entire appiobation of those to whom he had
shown it. He thought the best way was to pass
over the bill informally until to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER acceded to the postponement of
the bill until to-morrow, stating that he did not
know that, after examination, he should oppose
the bill.
The bill was then postponed until to-morrow.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill, the question being on concurring with
the Committee of the Whole in its adoption of the
amendment moved by the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell ]
Mr. BELL then repeated the arguments he had
formerly brought forward in support of his amend-
ment, recapitulating the prominent facts which
have already been reported—the treaty of New
Echota, by which it was stipulated by a portion of
the Cherokee tribe, without the consent of the
greater part of the nation, that the whole of the
lands of the nation should be ceded to the United
States for five millions of dollars; that fifty-three
dollars and thirty-three cents should be paid, as
commutation for the cost of removal and subsist-
ence, to all of the Indians, whether they removed
or not, and that this commutatfon was not to be
deducted from the five millions, but paid out of the
treasury. The portion of the Cherokee Indians
resident in North Carolina, who were ignorant of
the treaty, who had lost their lands, and who had
refused to move, had not received any portion of
the pnncipal debt or of the commutation money;
and the amendment provided for this payment.
It had been contended by tiie Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] that it was absurd, to pay
these North Carolina Indians for removal and sub-
sistence, when, in fact, they refused to remove.
The answer is, that we have taken their country
from them, and we are bound to pay the equiva-
lent which was stipulated. He admitted that the
treaty was drawn up in a loose way, very disci ed-
itable to the United States; but the right of these
North Carolina Indians to receive the equivalent
from the treasury of the United States had been
admitted by the President of the United States.
He calculated, that as one-fifteenth part of the tribe,
they were entitled to receive $250,000 as their
shaie of the wild and uncultivated lands sold and
ceded to the United States. Instead of this sum,
it is proposed to give them not more than $50,U00
or $60,000. Indeed, the report of the Committee
of Indian Affairs cuts it down to §12,000 or §15.000.
He would not suppose that the opposition arose
from the fart that these Indians are feeble and
powerless. On the ground of justice and humanity
, the claim ought to be exclusively advocated,
j He referred frequently to, and made many quo-
! tations from, the treaty of New Echota, the talk
j of the President to the Cherokees, the language of
i the Commissioner, in order to show that commu-
tation for removal and subsistence was due to the
North Carolina Indians.
Mr. HUNTER then rose to defend himself
against the imputation raised against him by the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] that
he had, by reviving this debate, violated the usages
of the Senate. He regretted if he had done so,
and apologized on the ground of his ignorance of
such usage, claiming the credit of a good motive.
He then replied to the statements and arguments
of the Senator from Tennessee, and restated his
own opinions. According to his construction of
the treaty, he maintained that the North Carolina
Indians had no just claim to the commutation for
removal and subsistence, which w??s only to be
given to those who removed, after they had reached
their new homes. He insisted that these Indians
had no claim under the treaty. He objected to
the amendment, because it would be a precedent to
be referred to in a much larger case which was
submitted to the arbitration of the United States.
He stated that the Government had held out liberal
i inducements to the Cherokee Indians to remove,
giving them, in exchange for the seven millions of
acres which they ceded to the United States, four-
j teen millions of rich land. The Government never
i intended to place the Cherokees who refused to
j remove on the same footing with those who had
j removed.
j Mr. ATHERTON moved to amend the amend-
i ment, by inserting provision directing the amount
j appropriated by the amendment, for the benefit of
| the Cherokees of North Carolina, to be paid out of
j the general Cherokee fund under the treaty of New
i Echota.
• Mr. NILES expressed a hope that the Senator
! from Tennessee would accept this amendment, as
I a modification of his amendment, as he considered
! it fair and equitable.
! Mr. BELL replied that the effect of thisamend-
; ment would be to absorb the fund on which itpro-
I posed to charge this appropriation. It would be
i robbing one fund to pay another. It was a ques-
: tion involving the honor and justice of the Gov-
ernment, and not whether we should take the
J amount out of a fund to which the Indians were
i admitted to be entitled, instead of out of the treas-
ury. By adopting the amendment, you give the
! North Carolina Indians some relief, to be sure, but
i you take it out of their own fund.
j Mr. NILES insisted that the principle of the
; amendment was the correct one.
i Mr. PHELPS was in favor of the amendment
j of the Senator from New Hampshire. He thought
, the payment should be made out of the Cherokee
fund, and not out of the treasury of the United
i States.
! The question was then taken on t.he motion of
I Mr. Atherton, and decided a's follows:
J YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Benton, Borland, Bradbury,
i Breese, Bright, Davis, of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Do wns,
; Foote, Hamlin,Hunter, Johnson of Geoigia, Mason, Phelps,
- Sturgeon, Ttirncy, Westcott. and Yulee—20
j NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benign, Butler,
; Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Ma^sachus-eus Greene, Hale,
! Houston, Johnson of Mar} land, Johnson ol Louisiana,L^wis,
i Mangum, Miller, Rusk, Spiuance, Underwood, and Up-
| ham—2U.
The VICE PRESIDENT gave the casting vote
in the negative.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bell's
amendment, and decided in the affirmative, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton. Berrien,
Butler, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts Downs,
Greene, Hale, Hou<ton, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
Louisiana, Lewi1-. Mangum, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Rusk,
Spmanpp, Underwood, arid Upham—24
.WAYS— Me>sis. Atherton, Borland, Bradbury, Breese,
Bught. D.ivi-of Mississippi, Dickm&on. Dix, Fefch, Foote,
H.uniin, Ihtntrr, Johnson ol Geoitcia, Mason, Fillips, Stur-
| geon, Tuiney, We^tcott, and Yulee—i9.
Mr. BORLAND then renewed an amendment
, in relation to an increase of Indian agents; which
i was agreed to.
' An amendment was sent to the Chair in relation
, to the payment of an Indian agent by the name
of Mitchell, by Mr, HANNEGAN; which was
: adopted.
' The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
| was read a third time; and on the question ""Shall
! the bill pass ?"—
Mr. ATHERTON exercised his privilege, and
. objected to it, on the ground of a desire to examine
, the elFect of the amendment on the appropriations
j required by the bill.
1 The Senate then adjourned.'
