860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21*
Mr. K. said that the routes so strenuously ob-
jected to had all been recommended by the Legis-
lature of Texas, arid none of them were within six
hundred miles of Santa Re. He said he wag as-
tonished to hear these objections at this time. Last
session a similar objection was made by gentle-
men. We were then, they said, treading on Mex-
. ican territory. Now, however, the war had closed,
and the boundary had been established to the Rio
Grande. The same objection was stii! made, but
the reasons had assumed a different phase. We
were now treading on the rights of the United
States! Mr. K. said that Colonel Benton admitted
that the boundary of Texas included the lower
Rio Grande. Even John Ctuincy Adams, as late
as the 13th of May, 1846, (the day war was
declared by the United States,) admitted that the
western line of Texas run a short distance up the
Rio Grande. Mr. K. said that the right of Texas
to all the soil east of the Rto Grande had been con-
firmed to Texas by a treaty with Mexico, dated
May 14, 1836, which on another occasion he had
shown was a valid and binding treaty. To this
portion of the territory where these loutesare pro-
posed to be established, Texas had always held
possession since the days of her revolution. Mex-
ico was afraid to meet our rangers on the east side
of the Rio Grande. Her right was good. It was
founded upon revolution; it was maintained by
force of arms.
Mr. GOGGfN replied, amidst much noise and
confusion. He was very partially heaid by the
reporter, but was undeistood as saying that Mr.
Kaufman had himself virtually acknowledged that
the claim of Texas up to the upper Rio Grande
was subject to doubt. He knew that the capital of
New Mexico had submitted to the arms of the
United States. Did our army attack a city in the
midst of one of the States of the Union? What
sort of a conquest was it to subdue one of our own
cities? The gentleman had referred to the author-
ity of Colonel Benton. Mr. G. was glad to hear
such an authority invoked by him. Colonel Ben-
ton had said, in ins place in the Senate, when our
army was on the Rio Grande, and our fleet block-
ading the mouth of the river, that our march was
a piratical war—a war in disguise—and that the
country on that river no more belonged to us than
to a nation which never had heard of its existence.
The same gentleman, speaking of the advance of
our army under the orders of the President, said
that if he were sitting on a court-martial, he would
hang; any man who had obeyed such an order of
the President.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J.
In-gek.so.ll,] while chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and speaking olBcially on the
subject of the Texas boundary, had settled the
question; he had said, so far from the Rio Grande
being the boundary, that the line ran through the
centre of a stupendous desert, which neither nation
could ever pass with impunity. That it had been
placed there by the hand of the Almighty as a
banier between the two races—the Anglo-Saxon
on the north of it, and the Mauritanian race on
the south—and that whenever it was crossed, one
or the other race must be destroyed.
Mi*. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, here de-
sired to put a question to the honorable gcentleman
from Virginia.
The floor being yielded to him, (as Mr. G. said
for the third time,) Mr. T. asked whether Mr. G.
considered the territory between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande as belonging to Mexico?
Mr. GOGG1N said he denied that it belonged to
Texas. He would refer the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to his colleague from Philadelphia, [Mr.
C. J. Inglrs.oll.]
Mr. THOMPSON asked whether the treaty did
not recognize the Rio Grande as our boundary?
Mr. GOGGIN said that the treaty was not now
before the House, and he did not know, officially,
what it contained. Gentlemen contended that a
vast extent of country, for which the United States
were to pay fifteen millions of dollars, all belonged
to Texas. Did the treaty lately concluded give
Texas a right to the Rio Grande as contended ?
Mr. KAUFMAN said he had referred to the
treaty between Mexico and Texas, and not the
treaty between the United States and Mexico.
Mr. GOGG1JN denied that there was, or ever
had been, a treaty between Mexico and Texas.
-He wps aware that Santa Anna, when a captive,
had entered into some* sort of an agreement, in
which he consented to a boundary proposed by
Texas; but that so-called treaty was of no binding
force, had been repudiated by President Jackson,
and denied by the Mexican Government.
Mr. P1LLSBURY here made some explana-
tions, which were in a great measure lost at the
reporter^ seat. He was understood to say that
Mexico had made the treaty, had got all the ben-
efit, and had received, all she agreed for.
Mr. GOGG1N said he had merely referred to
the fact that the Texas boundary was a disputed
question. The gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kauf-
man] had called on him for hisauthority; he would
refer the gentleman to Mr. Secretary Marcy, who
stated, in his official instructions to General Taylor,
that Mexico had certain military posts on the Rio
Grande, which hadalsvays been in her possession;
that the country on- the river was in the armed
occupation of Mexico; and that General Taylor
was not to disturb, or in any way interfere with,
her posts on that river. How did this agree with
the gentlemaw's doctrine that the whole country
up the river had alvvays been a part of Texas?
The Secretary of War t^aid it was, and always had
been, in possession of Mexico, and she was not to
be disturbed or molested either in her people there
or in her military posts.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, that according to his
recollection, the Secretary did not say that Mexi'
co held those military posts on the river, but cwly
that he had heard that she did; the department
had been so "informed." Be that as it might, the
Secretary was in error; no such posts were there.
Of this he was positive.
Mr. GOGGIN said that the Secretary informed
General Taylor that the department had been in-
formed that there were Mexican posts on this side
of the Rio Grande, and these were not to be mo-
lested. And, besides, the despatches of General
Taylor himself showed that such posts were there.
Mr. KAUFMAN said that General Taylor had
met Mexican soldiers east of the Rio Grande, and
so said, but he never reported that he had found
any posts.
Mr. GOGGIN went on to say, that he had no
idea that the question of the Texas boundary would
come up on this occasion. The amendment he
wished to insert in the bill was merely of a declara-
tory character, disclaiming all declaration in this
bill as to what the boundary of Texas was. He
was not opposed to the Texan mail routes in the
bill; not at all. He was perfectly willing that these
routes should ali remain, and should be still fur-
ther extended. The country was now said to have
been acquired by treaty, and was now a part of the
United Stales. But he had deemed it important
to guard against any inferences, from the estab-
lishment of those routes, as to the question of*tbe
Texas boundary. The whole purpose of his
amendment was to guard against such inference.
Mr. PlLLSBURY observed that the United
States was arbiter under the treaty, and was to set-
tle the boundary question between Mexico and
Texas. She was not a residuary legatee. He
made some other remarks, which, in the confusion,
and from his position, were totally inaudible to the
reporter.
Mr. GOGGIN said he had merely risen to state
what were the facts in the case; and, not wishing
to protract any discussion on this question of the
bounrlaiy of Texas, he moved the previous ques-
tion.
The call for the previous question was second-
ed, put, and carried; and the mam question being
on the reconsideration of the order to engross the
bill, the vote was taken by yeas and nays, and re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashman, Barring? r,
Belcher, Brady, Butler, Cabell, Chapman,Clrngman, Cocke,
(Jollamer, Collins, Conger, Cranston, Cu-fiUd, Crowell,
Croznr, Diekey, Dixon, DomieJI, Darnel Duncan, Dunn,
Edwards, Ernbree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan«, Far-
relly, Fisher, Fiournoy, Freedie>, Fulton, Gaylv, Gentiv,
Gut-gin, Gott, Giegor>. Grinneli, liale, Nathan K Hail,
James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henry, Hilliard,Eiias
B. Holmes, John \V. Hour-ton, llubhaid, Hudson, Hunt,
Joseph U. Ingi r.-ull, Kellogg, Daniel P. Kin*, Lalmi, William
T. Lawicnce, Lincoln, McJJvaiiie, Horace Mann, Mar. h,
Nelson, Nes, Outlaw, Pollock, Preston, Julius Rockwell,
J. A. Kockwtll, Roman, Rout, fium^ey. fU. John, Sehenck,
Shftjipcrd, She!rill, Silvestei, Slmguland, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Tallnradge,
Ta\lor, Rtcbd. W. Tlioinp-on, John B.Thompson,Toombs,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Wairtn, White,and Wilson—-^8.
N S—iMes&rs. Atkinson, Beale, Bingham, Birds.aU, Bo-
cork, Bowdon.Bowlm. Bojd, Bridges, William G. Brown,
Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, CatheaU, Chase, Franklin
Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson R, W. Cobb, Cummins,
Daniel, Darling, Dickinson, Faran, Feather^ton, Fieklin,
French, Fries, Green, Willard P. Hail, Hammons, Haiateon,
Harrnanson, Harri«, Henlev, Hill, George S. Houston, Inge,
CharlrsJ. Jngerf-oll, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kaufman, Ivennon, Sidney Lawrence, Leffier, Ligon, Lord,
Lumpkin, Lynde, Maclay, McCh hand, M< demand. Mc-
Dowell, McLane, Job Mann, Miller, Morii-i, Morse, Nieoll,
Pearler, Peck, Petrie, Phelps, Pilisbury, Richardson, Rrchey,
Rockhill, Sawyer, Sims, gJmart, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, Ohmle-sE. Stuart, Thomas, Jainc^ Thomp-
son, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thur<ion,
Turner, Venable, Wallace, Wentworth,VVick, Wiley, Wil-
liams, Wilmot, and Woodward—87.
The CHAIR, (occupied by Mr. Burt, of South
Carolina,) not having been called, and not having
voted, now chose to exercise its right, and voted
in the negative; which creating a tie, the motion
to reconsider was lost.
[Much sensation and confusion; the Chair en-
deavored to restore order.]
Mr. GOGGIN moved to lay the bill upon the
table; and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CROWELL moved a call of the House,
and demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and, being taken, resulted: Yeas 91, nays
104.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question being now put on laying the bill
on the table, it was decided as follow*:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adam-*, A«hmun, Barrow, Bel-
cher, Blanchard, Brady, Buckner, Butler, Cabell, Canby,
Chapman, Cocke, Collamer, Conner, Cranston, Cnsfield,
Crowell, "Orozier, Dickev, Dixon, Donnell. Daniel Duncan,
Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Eckcrt, Edward-*, Eirftree, Nathan
Evans, Fan elly. Fisher, Flournoy, Freedley, Gayle, Goggin,
Gott, Gregory, Grinneli, H*lr, Naihan K. H-ill, Jame.- G.
Hampton,"Mos-es Hampton, Haskell, Henry. Elia-B Holmes,
John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hud-on, Hunt, J >-eph It.
Ingersoll, Irvin, John VV. Jones, KelJo«<j, D.imel P. Kins,
William T Lawrence, Mellvnme, Horace IVIann, Mar^h,
Marvin, Morehead, Nelson, Nes, Newall, Outlaw, Pa I trey,
Pollock, Pre-ton, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwall,
Roman, Root, ilumsey, St. John, henek, Shcpperd, Siier-
rifI, Silvester, SlingetJand, Caleb B Smith, Truman Smith,
Andrew Stewart, Strobm, Talhnadge. Taylor, Riehaul W.
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren,
White, and Wilson—91.
NAYS—Mfs^rs. Atkinson, Barringer, Baylv, Beale,Bine-
ham, Bndsall, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, 0o\d. Brodhead,
William G. Brown, Charles Brown, Catheart, Cha-e, Frank-
•hu Claik, Hr.wcll Cobb, Wilhnm.-oti R VV. Cobb, Collins,
Cummins, Darnel, Darling, Dickinson, Faran, Featherston,
French, Fmps, Fulton, Gentry, Green, Willard P. Hall,
Hammons, Haralson, Harris, Hmley, Hill, Hilhard, &eorge
S. Houston, In<:e, Charles J. Ingersoil, Jenkins. Andrew
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman,
Kennon, Lahiri, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Ligou. Lincoln,
Lord, Lumpkin. Lynde, Maclay, McClelland, McCiernand,
McDowell, McKay, Mi-Lane, Job Mann, Meade, Miller,
I Morris, Nicoll, Pea^lee, Peck. L'etue, Pettrt. Peyton, Phelps,
I Pill-bury, Richardson, Rieh'ey, Rookhill.' Sawyer, Sims,
! Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Stai kweafher, Sttphens,
Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thrbodeauv, Thomas, James
Thompson, Roburt A. Thompson, William Thompson,
Thurston, Tompkin«, Turner, Venable, Wallace, Wont-
worth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, and Woodward—
100.
So the motion to lay on the table was lost.
The question then recurring on the third reading
of the bill—
* The previous question was moved and seconded.
Mr. WHITE inquired if the bill had been en-
grossed ?
The SPEAKER pro tem. replied that it had not.
Mr. WHITE objected, then, to the third read-
ing to-day.
The SPEAKER pro tem. sustained the objec-
tion, and decided, that under the rule, if the point
were made, the bill could not be read a third time
until it was actually engrossed.
Mr. JOJNES, of Tennessee, suggested that the
objection did not apply in this ease, as the bill had
been ordered to be engrossed several days since.
It must, therefore, be received as engrossed, con-
structively at least.
The SPEAKER replied, that a notice to recon-
sider having been made at that time, and having
remained undecided, it suspended the vote ordering
| the engrossment.
I Mr. SIMS read from the rules, and insisted that
i the House having just -ordered the main question
' to be put, it was a direct positive vote of the
House that the bill should be read a third time
now.
The SPEAKER adhered to bis decision upon
the point raised by Mr. White.
Mr. SIMS appealed from the decision.^
Mr. COBB laised the point that the objectiofi of
the gentlemen from New York was made too early,
and that it would not be pertinent until after the
,, vote on ordering the third reading. When that
| reading was ordered, the point would lie.
ij The SPEAKER overruled this point, deciding
