862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Missouri, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Sandhill to Kenksville, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a me-
morial from Captain L. Warrington, in behalf of
himself, officers and_crew of the United States
sloop-of-war Peacock, asking the payment of cer-
tain prize money due them and improperly retained
in the treasury; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Colonel George Gibson,
accompanied by a report. The bill was read a
first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made an adverse report on the memo-
rial of John B. Luce.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following House
bills without amendment, and recommending their
passage:
An act for the relief of Eliphas C. Brown.
An act for the relief of James Fugate.
An act for the relief of John Hilbert.
An act for the relief of Lewis Hastings.
An act for the relief of Samuel Gray.
Mr. BfeRRlEN, from^the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of James
Chapman, administrator of Thomas Chapman;
which was read a first time.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Ofilce and Post Roads, reported a hill to reduce
the rates of postage; which was read a first time.
The following is a synopsis of the bill;
Be it enacted^ That from and after the I&tdayof July,
T849. the po*tage on Iptters shall be a« follow*: Lt-tters not
exceeding half an ounce in weight, convened any distance,
shall be chained with three cents postage, and a like sum for
.every additional hah ouncc or ti actional part thereof, the
postage being prepaid, and i( not so prepaid (hen tii<> p.Ktasje
shall be five cents ; and nil drop tettois. or letter-* to be deliv-
ered at rhe office, whwe deported, fliaJI be charged one cent
postage if prepaid, and two cents if not piepaid.
That it shall he the duty of the Po.-tma*ter General at all
offices where the po>ta*;e amounts to thousand dollais
annually, to piovide for conveying letters to the po-t office
by establishing convenient places of deposit and by employ-
ing eatriuis to receive and deposit thein in the post office
free of charge; and to cause letters to he delivered by suita-
ble earners, to be appointed by him for that purple, tor
which one cent on each letter is to be charged, and on ad-
vertised leiters an additional charge of one cent.
That the postage on new^papeis and other printed mattei
shall be as follows: All papeis. pamphlets, magazines, and
book>, whether periodical 01 not, (exchange pMpers except-
ed.) not exceeding one ounce, shall pay one cent postage,
and a like sum for every additional ounce or fractional part
thereof; provided that papers not exceeding one ounce, and
not conveyed more than fifty miles, shall be charged with
half a cent postage; and on all papers ?ent from the office
ot publication, the postage must be piepaid.
All haudhiiN and circulars to be considered as letters, and
charged acc-oidmgly.
a little more than one hundred millions to three i
hundred and twenty millfons annually. This was i
an important fact, as the advantages of the reduc- \
tion were indisputable on every point but that of its ;
financial operation. But as regards this point, '
which involved the only risk, a review of the re- I
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 22, 1848.
The Journal of vesterdav having been read—
On motion of Mr. FEATHERSTON, it'was so
amended as to show that the bill to establish cer-
sults-of the present law had brought him to the I: ta'n. post routes was taken up yesterday on his
conclusion that the experiment of this further re- j| mo'lon; a"d then it was approved.
duction could not diminish the revenue for the first j! Mr. GOGGfN obtained, the floor to make an
year more than half a million, and this'deficiency ij explanation. _ I am (said he) reported in the Intel-
would disappear with the advance of the system. |j l]genc«r of 'his morning as having said yesterday,
He did not desire to press the bill in the present l| when the post route bill was under consideration,
situation of the treasury, because he did not wish 11 Colonel Bf.vtok (to wlmm M,- i?"  - ^
Air. NILES, on reporting this bill, made some
observations, which, from his position, and the
low tone of his delivery, was almost inaudible in
the gallery. He was understood to state that this
bill was of too great magnitude to justify the hope
that it could be passed at this late period of the
session. He had, however, reported it for the
pftrpose of presenting its details for the judgment
of public opinion as to their suitableness to the
wishes of the country. It would be seen.that the
postage of letters would be reduced to three cents.
It had been thought of to make the postage half a
dime, but as there was no coin of that description,
it had been fixed at a little over that amount.
Newspaper postage, it would be seen, was reduced
to one cent, including pamphlets, magazines, and
books, and half a cent where the distance did not
exceed fifty miles. This was not an experiment,
not an untried system. It had been tried in Eng-
land, and had been considered as one of the great-
est measures ever introduced in the legislation of
that country, as regards its commercial, social,
and political character. Even in a financial view,
it had exceeded the expectations of those with
whom it originated. The revenue had gradually
and rapidly increased, so that it was calculated
the returns of the present year would bring it up
to what it was under the old system. The nu-
merical increase of letters (as well as we could un-
derstand the honorable Senator) had been from
that Colonel Benton (to whom Mr. Kaufman had
| referred) " had said in his place in the Senate, tehen
' our army was on the Rio Grande and our fleet block-
' ading the mouth of the river, that our march was<
' a piratical war, a war in disguise,-' &c. Now,
the error is important in point of time only, to
which I wish to call your attention. What 1 said
was: " I was glad to hear such an authority (Colo-
nel'Benton) invoked, for he had said, when the
first treaty for annexing Texas to the United Stales
was pending before the Senate in 1844, in allusion
to the orders to the army and navy, that 'the
' President and his Secretary of State made the war
' themselves, and made it unconstitutionally, per-
' fidiously, clandestinely, piratically,' " &c. The
reporter, however, makes me impule these or sim-
ilar remarks to Colonel Benton after the war was
recognized and our army was on the Rio Grande.
I make (said Mr. G.) the correction from my own
sense of what is due to the distinguished Senator
whose opinions are referred to, and I deem it but
just to him that the correction should be as public
as the remarks themselves. The reporter is also
mistaken in saying that I had said the Mexican
military posts were on the Rio Grande. I referred
to posts and military establishments on the east
side of the river, and between it and the Nueces.
I do not complain (said Mr. G.) at all of the
reporter, for the distance I was, while speaking,
from his desk, I am well aware, prevented his hear-
ing distinctly what I said.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, raised a point
of order with reference to priority of business, and
contended that the report of the Committee on Ac-
counts providing for the election of a monument
to Mr. Adams was first in older.
The SPEAK.ER pro tern, overruled the point of
order.
THE NATIONAL FIKAJS'CES.
The SPEAKER pro tem. announced as the busi-
ness first in order, the report of the Committee on
Public Expenditures, and the report of the minor-
ity of the same committee on the annual report of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the finances.
Mr. BEDINGER being entitled to the floor,
expressed the regret with ^vhich hi now encroached
on the time and patience of the House by asking
them to hear remarks which he deemed it his duty
to make in support of the report of the minority of
the Committee on Public Expenditures which he
had the honor to offer yesteiday, and in reply to
some of the remarks of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. StroiimJ yesterday. The subject
was one of considerable interest, inasmuch a's it
involved a most labored attack upon the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasary, and an
attempted defence by the minority of the commit-
tee of that report. The Committee on Public Ex-
penditures, if not in positive violation of their
duties, at least, as he conceived, by usurping juris-
diction of poweis which did not property belong
to it, had been employed dining nearly the whole
' of the last winter, and a great part of the last
spring he believed, in investigating the annual
to increase the necessity for loans, and to embar-
rass our financial operations. The provisions of
the bill, it would be seen, were not to take effect
until the 1st of July, 1849, so that there would be
sufficient time given for the arrangements of the
department, if the bill should pass at the next ses-
sion, as he hoped it would.
Mr. N. gave some statistical statements, which
could not be distinctly heard.
On motion of Mr. MANGUM, it was
Resolced, That the Prudent of thu United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the pi oceedings ot the
lourt of inquiry which convened at SaltiJIo, Mexico, on the
I2tli January, 184S, and which was intituled tor the pur-
pose of obtaining full information leidtive to an alleged mil-
iary in tiic camp of linena Vista, Mexico, on or about the
loth August, 11M7, which led to the death of one ot the soJ-
dieis by the hand of Colonel Payne, of'tbe reaiment of
North Carolina volunteers, and jar the pmpose ot investi-
gating Hie facts connected with the dishonorable discharge
ot certain officers of the North Carolina volunteers.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Resolvetf} That Saturday next, the 34th of June, be set apart
for the consideration of pnvate bills and that at one o'clock
p. 111. on that day tile Senate will proceed to the considera-
tion ofthose bills, to the exclusion of all other business.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill to revive and extend the provisions
of an act entitled "An act to settle the title to cer-
tain tracts of land in the Slate of Arkansas;" which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT pressed upon the Senate the ne-
cessity of prompt action on the bill to establish a
Territorial Government in Oregon, &c., and moved
that it be taken tip for consideration.
Mr. HANNEGAN disliked to interfere with the
wishes of his colleague, but he would suggest that
the Oregon bill give way for a motion to"go into
Executive session on a very important subject,
which might consume the day; but, ii"'it did not,
the Oregon bill could be taken up afterwards, or,
at all events, in the morning. '
Mr. BRIGHT was unwilling to acknowledge
that any question was more important than the bill !
he had designated; but, in this case, he would yield !
the point to his colleague. I
Mr. ATHERa-Otf asked the Senate to take up >
the Indian appropriation bill before going into Ex-
ecutive session, which was assented to, on the con-
ditiot) that there should be no debate.
The bill was then taken up, and a motion was
adopted to reconsider the motion ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. Al'tlEIlTON then offered an amendment,
which was assented to by Mr. BELL and adopted
by the Senate; and the bill was then ordered to be
read a third tunc, and was, by unanimous consent,
read a third time and passed.
1 he Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and after sonic time spent
therein, the doors were opened, and the following
bills were severally considered in Committee of
the Whole, and, after having been explained, were
Sreid'l) be engrossed, and were subsequently    u,B annual
oassed- y unanlmous consent  and j report of the Secretary of theT.easury, and m
Dasse ' ' preparing an elaborate report setting forth divers
passed:
The bill for the relief of the personal represent-
atives of William A. Slacum.
The bill for the relief of the Society for the Re-
formation of Juvenile Delinquents'in the cttv of
New Yoik. J
The bill to change the time of holding the terms
of the circuit courts of the United States m the dis-
trict of Maine.
An act concerning testimony.
The bill to divide the district of Arkansas into
tvvo judicial districts.
The H
errors which they said were to be found theiein.
! He said that the committee had done this rather by
I usurping the powers of other committees than by
j attending to their own.
[ By reference to the rules of the House defining
j the duties and poweis of the different committees,
] it would be seen that the Commntee on Public
i Expenditures was in fact a mere nullity; and he
, thought it had been so considered untii this session,
i He certainly had never known nnythingof its pro-
i ceedings until now. H would be seen by the duties
navment ocTel.r!!!!!, makln' ®PP,'°P1'lat'0>} f°r t!'e ' conferred upon the Committee of Waysand Means
the United sit other pensioners of ; ui 1802, that there was the sum of all the powers
^349 ' ie year ending June 30, / and duties which had been given to the Committee
Thi Stn-to ii,,. a- j i| on Public Expenditures; and, by the six commit-
hen adJ°"rn®d, at about four p. m. ii tees appointed in March, 1816, all the duties of the
