1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
863
Committee on Public Expenditures were positively
superseded. He leferred to this question of juris-
diction, not because he meant to object to it at all,
but simply because,""when the report of the com-
mittee was first handed to this House, he was
compelled to inform the House that, although he
was a member of that committee, yet he had been
entirely ignorant of the action which they had de-
signed to take in" reference to the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
It was very true, and he had said it at the time,
that at the first and only meeting of the Committee
on Public Expenditures which he had attended—
for the reason that, when he had been notified of
a meeting,,sometimes he could not find the room,
as he believed there never had been any regular
room assigned to the committee, and at other times
he could nut find a quorum, until he had become
tired of the effort—he saiU at the only meeting lie
had had the good fortune to attend,a sub-committee
was appointed, consisting of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strohm,] the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Jones,] and himself, and something
wsis there said about an investigation of the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Although he
was appointed on that sub-committee, he did not
hesitate to confess here that he did not know one
single solitary step which that committee had taken
from that time forth until their report was adopted
by the Committee on Public Expenditures. .Now,
it might be said it was his dqty to have found
the committee,"and to have attended all their meet-
ings, even though it might have required a search-
warrant to find their whereabouts; and it might be
charged on him as a neglect of duty that he had
not also attended particularly to every step taken
by the sub-committee, of which he was a member.
If he had not done what was his duty, he must
bear the blame of it; and he did here now so far
confess that he owed the committee an apology foi
not having ascertained what they were doing, and
participated perhaps to a certain degree in then-
action, (even though he bad known they weie
transVending their duties and their powers.) He
owed them an apology for this reason; by not as-
certaining what the committee were doing, he had,
without designing it, inflicted upon them quite a
serious injury; because, if he could by any possi-
bility have ascertained that this report was design-
ed to be made by the committee; that they were to
go through an investigation of the whole subject
at the department; that day after day of the whole
winter was to be exhausted in searching in the
Treasury Department and Register's office,—if he
had known all this, as gentlemen said heshoufd have
known it, (though he did not see how he could,)
he thought it extremely probable he should have
informed the Secretary of the Treasury of the pre-
meditated attack, because it was against his creed
to make an attack on any one without fiist inform-
ing him, and giving him a fair opportunity to de-
fend himself.
He should then have informed the Secretary,
and this injury which his (Mr. B.'s) negligence,
had inflicted on the'committee would have been
avoided, for the Secretary would have saved them
fiom the blunders into which they had so heed-
lessly fallen when they had prepared the report.
The Secietary, so far as he kwew him, was a hu-
mane man, and he was unwilling to believe that
• that officer would maliciously, cruelly, willfully,
have sufiered the committee to go blundering on,
here forgetting one of the most important uocu-
ments which liad ever been primed, and there con-
founding the tables of the Register with matter tor
which the Secretary was responsible; here taking
the uncertified statements of the clerks, and char-
ging the Secretary with having prepared them, and
making blunder after blunder such as had never be-
fore been committed by a committee of this House.
He said m all probability, the Secretary would
have stopped these blundeis, for he would have
told the committee of their fhst erroiS and then
they would not have perpetrated it forty times.
Thus, he said, he might owe the committee an
apology, because the fact was, that neither the
Secretary nor the acting Secretary had known one
solitary word of this investigation that was going
on. They had not the slightesUntimation of the
monstrous labor of this mountain until the mouse
crawled out at their feet; they had known nothing
°fTlie gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strojim]
had said on yesterday that he did not deem, 01
the committee did not deem, it their duty to inform
the Secretary of what was going on. It might not
possibly have been within the strict pale of their
duty; it might not have been positively obligatory
upon them; but would not generosity, would not
liberality, have prompted those gentlemen to with-
hold the blow until they had warned the man
against whom it was to be aimed ? The gentleman
had brought forward a serious charge against the
Sccretaiy of the Treasury—a charge of negligence
or of incapacity; they had charged him m 'their
report with errors, blunders, negligences, which,'
although their language was courteous—very much
so—yet, if they existed, would be sufficient actu-
ally to disqualify him forever from the office the
duties of whichhe discharged with such consum-
mate and distinguished ability. Then, would it not
have seemed but bare justice to have informed him
of this impending blow which they meditatedr
Not only would it have been just, but it would
have been politic; for, as he had said before, the
committee by their liberality would have saved,
not the Secretary, but themselves, from these
enormous blundeis, about sixty-four in number,
contained jn a report of thiity-nine pages, which
they had now unfortunately published and blazoned
to the world, and which, on their own account, he
was sorry they could not take back.
Now, there was but one ground on .which the
committee could justify the fact that they did not
notify the Secretary that this investigation was
going on, and that ground was simply this, that in
truth the attack was committed, not upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury at all, not on the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, but it was an attack,
from beginning to end, upon another and a very
different officer—an attackupon the Register of the
Treasury—upon his tables, which were appended
to the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and it was not an attack upon the Secretary at all.
Now, the Register of the Treasury was an entire-
ly different officer from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
The gentleman "from Pennsylvania, in his re-
marks yesterday, had stated that the Register was
under the control of the Secretary. It was a great
mistake; one of those mistakes which the com-
mittee had perpetrated in the beginning of their
report, but a great mistake, nevertheless. The
Register was not under the control of the Secre-
tary; the Register's duties were separate from the
Secretary's. The Secretary could not appoint,
could not remove the Register. The Secretary
could not, he did not hesitate to say, do more than
simply criticise the tables handed him by the Regis-
ter, if he chose; he could not reject them. The
law made it imperative on him to accept and re-
ceive them. He had, m fact, no more control over
the Register than he (Mr. B.) had; the duties of
the Register were as different from those of the
Secretary as the duties of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Strohm] were from those of the
Speaker of this House; as different as the duties
of the Committee on Public Expenditures were
from those duties which they had attempted to
peiform; they were fundamentally, entirely dif-
ferent.
Now,* what were the duties of that officer? In
answer to this question he read the second sec-
tion of the act of September 7, 1769, establishing
the Treasury Department, and then proceeded to
show that there was not a solitary woid to re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to keep the
books, make out the balance sheets, investigate
the proofs, or do anything of the kind, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strohm] had
been greatly mistaken in attriuuting so much to
the Secretary of the Treasury. Against that which
reaily was the Secretary's, the report of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania contained pot a-solitary
objection. His statements had not been touched,
because they were accuruicly made, and so well
fortified that they could not be assailed. He next
read the section of law which prescribed the duty
of the Register of the Treasury, and said that with
that duty the Secretary could not interfere. Here,
j.hen, it was shown not only that the Secretary
was not required to make these tables, but that
they were made and furnished to him by officers
whose duty was prescribed by law, and by law
they were made evidence m courts of justice. If,
then, courts of justicc were bound to receive them
m evidence, why should the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be held responsible for any error, if any, which
; they might contain ? Why should he beexpected
! to examine the facts and compare the books to try
i and test their accuracy? It was not possible for
\ him to do it. Why, were gentlemen aware of the
i humber of the tables sent in to this House ? If not)
i he would inform them that there were here thirty*
j two tables, all of which were dated about the time
| the Secretary's own report bore date—raaging
I from^the 1st to the 8th of December—and covered
I the action of the Government in regard to its
, finances from the year 1789 to the end of the last
| fiscal year. How, then, in the multitudinous la-*
| bors of the Secretary of the Treasury, could he be
1 expected to find time to examine these tables? The
Secretary of the Treasury never shrank from any
| duty or any responsibility inseparable from his
' office, and his duties he had performed with an
| ability which had astonished everybody. Thus,
! then, the gentleman opposite had not attacked the
report of the Secretary, but certain .tables which it
| was the duty of other officers to prepare and fur-
; nish. The gentleman from Pennsylvania had
accused the Secretary of seeking to shift the re-
sponsibility upon others; but in this the gentleman
was in error. The Secretary desired no such
thing.
Cut let them look a little further, and see how
successful the gentleman had been in his attack on
the Register; for it was an attack on the Register
in reality, and not on the Secretary. The gentle-
man went to the Treasury Department to examine
these matters, and did they go to the Secretary of
the Treasury or to the acting Secietary? No.
They took copies furnished by clerks, that were
uncertified and unattested; and,on the mere asser-
tion of some clerks, without the attesting signa-
ture of a single human being, they sought to sus-
tain theirgrave accusations. Now, what assurance
1 had they that those clerks had even copied accu-
rately the tables that were presented? And how
did they know that these things were taken prop-
i erly from the books?
I ' Mr. STROHM interposed to explain; and he
< was understood to say, though very indistinctly
! heard, that the committee had had recourse to the
! books for some part of these statements.
Mr. BEDlNGrER was perfectly willing to let it
■ rest there; but yesterday the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania did not say so, and statement after state-
ment had been sent forth to the world without the
attestation of a single human being. If they did
have access to the books, the Secretaiy did not
know of it, nor did he (Mr. B.) know whp those
clerks were on whom the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had relied. It was not in that way, he
would assure th6 gentleman, that they could de-
molish such a monument of genius as the Secre-
tary had laised for himself. The gentleman might
as well attack Gibraltar with a pocket pistoi.
But he would proceed to the discoveries which
the gentleman had made; and the only error which
they had pointed out, and which they have as-
sumed to have discovered—the only genuine error
which was made at all—they did not discover at
all. It was discovered months before, and com-
municated to the Senate. The error to which he
alluded was an error of $1,401 900; the letter
stating which, dated the 25th of February, 1848,
he had before him. And here he could not but
mark the difference between the conduct of a com-
mittee of the Senate and the Committee on the
Expenditures of the Treasury Department of this
House. The committee of the Senate, when the
error was discovered, went to the Secretary and,
pointed it out, and a satisfactory explanation was
given, long before the committee of this House
made its report on the authority of unknown
clerks. But were there no inaccuracies in the re-
port of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? It ap-
peared to him, that when gentlemen attempted to
investigate a report like this, and gravely accuse
the Secietary of the Treasury of such important
errors, they should be extremely careful not to err
, themselves. And yet the gentleman from
' \ania frankly admitted that in his report he haa
1 committed some errors,and he expressed his aston-
ishment that there were not more. Tnai there were
i errors in that report, he {Mr. B.) concuried with
! the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and he thought
! sixty-four errors in a report of thirty-nine pages
1 was a pretty consideiable number for even the
I Committee on Public Expenditures.
! He then proceeded to notice the fnsterroi which.
I the aommitte® had committed. The gentleman
