864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22.
from Pennsylvania told them thathewas not aware
that a certain statement was in their possession,
when there was the law which compelled the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury to place it before the House;
and yet the gentleman from Pennsylvania told
them he knew nothing of it. Then again the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Conger] stated that
the Secretary of the Treasury had sent to the print-
ers and obtained proofs of his report before it was
furnished to this House, and that but for that it
^ would have been on their tables sooner. Thegen-
*" tleman was mistaken. He (Mr. B.) asserted
broadly, on the authority of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that he never sent to the printers, and
never set his eyes on it in printed form until it was
printed for the use of this House.
Mr. CONGER begged permission to say a word
by way of explanation. He desired to say that in
the remark which he made yesterday there was an
error in relation to the index to that work. In
making his explanation yesterday he mistook the
document; and to set himself and the House right
on that subject, in case it should be necessary that
he should hereafter have occasion to make expla-
nations, he this morning called on the public print-
er to make further inquiries, and he found lie was
in error on the subject of that index being in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury for the pe-
riod he yesterday named. There was no index to
this document. But he stated on the authority of
the printers—and he knew nothing more about it
•—that proofs of that document had been in the
hands of the Secretary, that they remained there
weeks and weeks, and that that was the reason of
the delay in furnishing them to the House. This
explanation he made in justice to the printers; and
if there was a question of veracity between them,
that must rest with the printers and the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. BEDINGER again asserted, on the respon-
sibility of the Secretary of Treasury, that the Sec-
retary never did send for proofs of that document.
Mr. CONGER did not assert that he sent for
the report; but, on the authority of the printeis,
he stated that proofs were furnished.
Mr. BEDliNGER caied not what the printers
might say. The printers' testimony in this case
was somewhat like the unattested authority of
some clerk with which the Committee on Public
Expenditures sought to affix blame on the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. Yesterday the gentleman
from New York spoke on his own authority, and
now he furnished the authority of the printer; but
he, (Mr. B.,) on the authority of the Secretary of
the Treasury, gave it a broad denial.
He then returned to the admission of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that he was ignorant of
information which was literally piled up m a doc-
ument which he had before htm, and from which
he read several extracts, and then asked, with
such facts before them, what confidence could be
placed on the statements which the report of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania contained?
He next, as was understood, proceeded to com-
ment on an admitted error made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to the amount of hall a million
of dollars. He also spoke of a small error of
seventy-two dollars, and of some mistake in sub-
tracting. He said he had been told that he was
much better at figures of rhetoric than figures of
arithmetic; but he neveitheless should not take
eight from thirteen and leave four.
There was another small error. In the table B
of the report of the majority, a certain balance
(which Mr. B. specified) was stated at one hun-
dred and two millions; and in another part of their
same table B the same balance was stated at one
hundred and twelve millions; thus falling into only
the lutle error of ten millions of dollars! They
accused the Secretary's report of errors, but here
was a whapper in their own.
Mr. STROHM reminded Mr. B. that he had
explained this on the day before. The gentleman
would find, that when the amount was brought
over to the next page, it was stated correctly; so
that the result remained unchanged.
Mr. BEDINGER said this was very true; but
should not their falling into so great an error as
this in their own figuies teach them to extend some
little charity to the statements of others? Mr. B.
had as much right to charge this upon the major-
ity report as the majority had to charge similar
mistakes (if any such there were) upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
The gentleman had said that it happened very
fortunately that one error of his report balanced
another. This was particularly rich; and it re-
minded Mr. B. of an old adage that certain people
were remarkable for good luck. He did not mean
to apply the whole proverb to the majority of the
Committee on Accounts, although some persons
might have been so malicious as to make such an
application of it.
[A voice: "Who do you say are remarkable
for good luck rM]
It is pretty well known, I believe, what persons
they are. [Laughter.]
To sum up the errors into which this investiga-
ting committee had themselves fallen: they com-
menced with wholly neglecting to- consider one of
the most important documents presented to Con-
gress under this Government—a document the
presentation of which they were by law compelled
to know, but of the very existence of which the
gentleman had confessed himself ignorant till
within a few days .past. The gentleman had said
that he^could guess how the minority of the com-
mittee had got access to' that document: no doubt
they could; who could not? The law requiring
the document to be presented to Congress com-
pelled every member to know of us presentation.
But, without hciving even seen this document,
the majority had started up to the Treasury De-
partment, and had there obtained unattested tran-
scripts and memorandums from the clerks. Thus
they had started wrong; and as they had set out,
so they proceeded, liven when they had "got
these materials from the clerks, they did not know
how to put them together. When all the bricks
were given them, they had not the skill to build
them up; insomuch that they had commuted sixty-
four mistakes in thirty-nine pages; and this in a
report which was to shake the Secretary in his
chair. Mr. B. said he regarded the production of
this report of the majority as a fortunate event fur
the country, for thejSecretary, and for that House.
It would serve the more to attract public admna-
uon to the able and accurate manner in which the
Secretary of the Treasury had discharged the ar-
duous and responsible duties of his high otftce.
The credit of the country was elevated higher
than ever it had stood before; forduiing an im-
pending war the stocks of the Government had
gone up instead of declining; and this while mem-
bers on that floor were aiming daggers at the Sec-
letary, and to reach him were striking at the credit
of their own country. The Secretary had been
authorized by law to borrow forty-nine millions of
dollars, and none of the stock or treasury notes
had been sold under par, and most of it at a pre
mium; insomuch that the amount of premium
realized by the treasury exceeded $600,000. Com-
pare this with the stateof the public credit in 1814,
when the Government could realize but thirty-six
millions of dollars from eighty millions of treasury
notes.
And who could forget that in 1843 the credit of
the United States wenta begging, not only through-
out this land, but all over Europe?—when the-loans
could not be obtained here, and we had to send a
financial agent to beg us a little money on the other
side of the water to keep alive the credit of the
American Government? Compare such a state of
things as this with the height to which the public
credit had been advanced under the present Admm- '
istration. And all this had been effected under the
much-abused system of free tradeand the independ-
ent treasury. Who could ever forget the thun-
ders of denunciation, the croaking, the howling,
the predictionsof publicruin which resounded from
one end of the iand to the other? But such had
been the force of experience that merchants in all
parts of the Union were fast becoming converts to |
the practical wisdom of both those great features of 1|
public policy. They saw how the system worked, !|
and their prejudices gave way before the evidence jj
of fact. The credit of all this was in an eminent ij
degree due to the able officer at the head of the
Tieasury Department. The prosecution of these
two systems of operation in our financial affairs
had devolved upon the Secretary an amount of I
labor which must have crushed any man who did I
not possess the same great ability and the same !
indomitable capability ot labor. h
Mr. B., in conclusion, said that it had not been i!
his intention to wound the feelings of any gentle- ij
man. If he had unintentionally done so, he regret- 1!
ted it. But the plain truth was, that the Commit- \\
tee on Expenditures had gone beyond their depth.
They were like little wanton boys who swam
on bladders on the bosom of a deep sea, and they
found the waves too heavy for them. To use a
homely phrase, they had gone out for wool and
come home shorn. The gentlemen had gone out
a whaling, but they had met with a huge leviathan
of the deep, one flourish of whose tail had tossed
up their little boat into the heavSris, and plunged
the poor boatmen into the depths of the sea.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, now moved
the previous question, but consented to withdraw
it at the request of Mr. Vinton.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKERS TABLE.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House pro-
ceeded' to the consideration of business on the -
Speaker's table.
The bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Department
for the year ending June 30, 1849, and for other
purposes, which had been returned from the Sen-
ate with amendments, was taken up and referred
to the Committee of Ways'and Means.
The following Senate bili3 were then taken up,
read twice, and referred to appropriate commit-
tees:
A bill to increase the medical corps of the navy.
A bill for the relief of the Central Railroad Com-
pany of Georgia.
A bill to revive the act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the payment of horses and other property
lost or destroyed in the military service of the
United States," approved January 18, 1837, and
the acts approved 14th October, 1837, and August
23, 1842, and the last proviso of the act of March,
1843, amendatory of the same.
A bill directing the Secretary of the Navy to
,purchase fiom Dr. James P. Espy his patent right
for the conical ventilator for the use of the United
States.
A bill for the relief of David N. Smith.
A bill'granting a pension to John Clark.
A bill to provide compensation to Wm. Wood-
bridge and Henry Chipjnan, for services in ad-
justing titles to land in Michigan, and for other
j purposes.
I A bill for the relief of the heirs of Jean F. Peri y>
I Josiah Bleakiey,Nicholas Jarrot, and Robert Mor-
wrison.
A bill for the relief of James F. Sothoron.
A bill for the relief of J. W. Nye, assignee of
P. Bargy and H. Stewart.
A bill to authorize the sale of a part of public
reservation numbered 13, in the city of Washing-
ton, and for other purposes.
The bill from the Senate to amend an act enti-
tled "An act for the regulation of seamen on board
the publicand private vessels of the United Stales,1'
passed March 3, 1813, was read a first and second
time; when—
Mr. B1RDSALL moved that the bill be now
read a third time and put upon its final passage.
Mr. B. explained the practical operation of the
law of naturalization, as now interpreted by the
courts of the State of New York, and showed the
necessity of the bill to relieve persons who, after
declaring their intention to become naturalized,
had left the country as volunteers for Mexico, and
thus been prevented from obtaining the residence
required by the law.
Mr. McCLERNAND further explained the ob-
ject of the bill, and urged the necessity of passing
it. Those who had enlisted in the service of the
country, and had been sent beyond its limits in the
prosecution of the war, fell within the wording of
the present law, and were forced to lose all the
time they were thus absent, though they had pre-
viously notified their intention of being natural-
ized.
Mr HOLMES, of New York, moved the pre-
vious question, which was seconded, and, under
the operation thereof, the bill was read a third
time, and passed by yeas and nays: Yeas 165,
nays 4.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the last vote; which last motion was laid on
the table.
THE SOUTHERN MAIL.
The joint resolution of the Senate to authorize
and require a renewal of a contract for carrying
the mail was read a first and second time; when—
Mr. GOGGIN moved to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
