868
the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company, and also
resolutions relative to Whitney's plan of a railroad
from Lake Michigan to the Pacific; and they were
laid on the table.
Mr. OOLLAMER also, from the same commit-
tee to which was referred the bill of the House to
grant preemption rights for certain islands in the
Great Miami Reserve, reported the same back to
the House without amendment.
The bill having been previously read twice, the
question was stated on the passage of the bill;
when—
Mr. SAWYER objecting, the bill was laid over.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill granting a half section of
land for the use of schools within fractional town-
ship nineteen south, of range eighteen west, in the
county of Lowndes, State of Mississippi.
The bill was read twice; when—
Mr. FEATHER.STON moved to strike out the
second section: which giving rise to debate, the
bill was laid over.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the same
committee, to which was referred a joint resolution
relating to errors and defective returns in certain
surveys, plats, and field-notes, reported the same
without amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to whjch was
referred Senate bill respecting certain surveys in
the State of Florida, reported the same back to the
House with an amendment.
The amendment was read and agreed to, and the
bill uas then read a third time and passed, and
leturned to the Senate.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill further to
amend the act entitled "An act to reduce the rates
of postage, to limit the use and correct the abuse
of the franking: privilege, and for the prevention
of frauds on the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment," approved 3d of March, 1845, and for
other purposes.
This bill provides a uniform system of postage
of five cents on ai! letters not exceeding half an
ounce in weight for all distances. It was read and
committed.
On ^motion of Mr. EMBREE, the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the petition of citizens of Jackson county,
Florida, for the release of judgment in favor of the
United States against the estate of Charles Ma-
thews ancl Isaac L. Battle, deceased; and the same
was laid on the table.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported u bill concerning
the taking of official oaths m the District of Co-
lumbia.
This bill was read three times and passed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the last named bill
was passed. The motion to reconsider lays over.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL also, from the same
committee, reported a bill for giving full etfect to
treaties of extraduion.
The bill was read a fiist and second time, when —
Mr. J. R. fNGERSOLL asked the indulgence
of the House for a few moments while he stated
the object of this bill, and then he honed it would
be the pleasure of the House to put it upon its
passage. It was known to the House, that by
treaty stipulations made with more than one Gov-
ernment of Europe, we were bound to deliver up
fugitives who have fled from justice on the com-
mission of crime. Cases were familiar to every-
body which showed that it was necessary to en-
large the facilities to comply with our obligations.
It often happened that an individual camc to this
country where the crime was obvious, and the ap-
plication for the fugitive regular; but there were
no such officers in the part of the country where
the fugitive was found as were authorized or were
willing to take on themselves the burden and
weighty responsibility of issuing a warrant to arrest
and to take the preliminary proceedings towards
handing over the individual to the properly autho-
rized officer. The object of this bill was to appoint
officers and to authorize others to carry out the
provisions of the treaties with France and England,
at all times, without delay and the danger of a de-
nial of justice. It provided for the appointment of
commissioners, or authorized thecourts of the Uni-
ted States to appoi/it commissioners to take the
preliminary steps, and to procure the authority of
the Secretary of State, to whom the treaties give
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21?,
authority to deliver up fugitives to foreign couir-
tries, for the accomplishment of the desired object.
If the House would pass this bill, it would be to
the Government a matter of gratification. The
Secretary of State desired it to pass. He had had"
a correspondence with the charge of the British
Government on the subject, and he desired it to
pass; and by Canada and France the passage of
this bill would be looked upon as an act of great
propriety.
The bill was then read the third time and passed,
and sent to the Senate.
Mr. POLLOCK, from the select committee to
whom were referred the various memorials, &c.r
on the project of a railroad from Lake Michigan to
the Pacific on the plan of A. Whitney, made a re-
port to accompany the bill he reported some time
since. Laid on the table.
The hour allotted to reports from committees
having expired—
The House, on motion of Mr. ROCKWELL,
of Connecticut, resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar, (Mr. Haral-
son, of Georgia, in the chair,) and, after devoting
some time to the consideration thereof—
Mr. MORRIS moved that the committee rise;
and, on a division being had, a quorum did not
vote.
The roll was called in compliance with the rule;
and then the committee rose and reported the bill
to incorporate the Washington Gas-light Compa-
ny, with an amendment; $md bills for the relief of
Dr. Adolphus Wislizenus, for the relief of Wil-
liam Parker, and for the relief of Joshua Barney,
United States agent, severally, without amendment;
and that, on a division of the committee on a mo-
tion that the committee rise, a quorum did not
vote; and the roll was accordingly called, in com-
pliance with the rule.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
sumed its session.
The question was again stated on the motion
that the committee rise, and there were ayes 71,
noes 68.
The committee accordingly rose.
The Ilouse then proceeded to consider the bills
just reported by the Committee of the Whole,
when the said bills were severally ordered to be
engrossed, and, being engrossed, were read a third
time and passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
On motion of Mr, HARALSON,
ErtoJvfiJ, That thp Committee on the Judiciary be in-
ducted to inquire what further legation may be neees-
?-ar\ more effectually to provide asamst the frauds practised
upon thosoldiersoftbe Mexican war,and to secure to them
the land \v;nrant> or treasury scrip to which they are enti-
tled foi their services; and that s-aid committee report by
biil or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, the House
proceeded to the consideration of the business on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
A letter from the Comptroller of the Treasury,
transmitting statements of the accounts which
have remained due more than three years prior to
the 1st of July, 1847. Laid on the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the House of
May 29, 1848, a statement showing the number
of persons of all descriptions employed in the naval
and marine service on the 13th of May, 1846, and
the number who have entered said service since that
period. Laid on the table.
A letter from the Committee of Arrangements
| of the Washington National Monument Associa-
tion, inviting the Speaker, members, and officers of
the House of Representatives, to be present at the
ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the Wash-
ington Monument on the 4th day of July next.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the said invitation was accepted.
The following Senate bills were taken up, read,
and appropriately referred:
A bill to divide the district of Arkansas into two
judicial districts,
A bill concerning testimony,
A bill to change the time of holding the terms of
the circuit court of the United States in the district
of Maine.
A bill for the relief of the Society for the Reform-
ation of Juvenile Delinquents in the City of New
York.
A bill for the relief of the personal representa-
tives of William A. Slacurrr.
The joint resolution of the Senate authorizing-,
the presentation to the Government of France of a
series of the standard weights and measures of the
United States, was read a first and second time^
No motion to commit being made—
The question was stated, Shall the joint resolu-
tion pass ?
Mr. BOWLIN moved that the said joint resolu-
tion be laid on the table. Rejected.
The joint resolution was then read tfie thirc?
time, passed, and returned to the Senate.
SOUTHERN MAIL-
The joint resolution of the Senate providing for
the restoration of the southern mail to the railroad
and steamboat line, having been reported to the
House by the Speaker, and the question being ort
a motion to refer it to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads—
Mr. GOGGIN, who was entitled to the floor,
said he hoped no obstacle would be thrown m the-
way of the passage of the joint resolution, whi^h
was the same he had introduced in the early part-
of the session, and which had for its object the
arrangement also contemplated by the resolution
of his colleague, [Mr. Botts,] then introduced.
The gentleman from Tennessee, however, [Mr,
Jones,] had saw] yesterday it was his intention to
move to lay this bill on the table, and Mr. G. there-
fore hoped he should be permitted to make some
explanation of its provisions.
The measure (said Mr. G.)now comes before
not only recommended by its own intrinsic merits,
as it did when first introduced, but also by a vote of
the Senate, which had passed it, after a full and
free discussion. With all the experience of this
now by no means short session, during which the
present wretched mail arrangement has been suf-
fered to continue—with a full knowledge of all the
facts—that body had taken up this subject, and
have thrown off all the trammels of party or of
prejudice, and had resolved that the people should
have those accommodations in the way of mail
11 facilities which they now asked should be given
! them by this House also.
i; Mr. G.said the vote of the Senate clearly showed
■■ that this measure had not been pressed or adopted
\ as a sectional or a party one. Men of all parties,
11 and from every portion of the Union, had given
i their support to it. He should not urge the meas-
'! ure as one m which Virginia alone was concerned,
| nor as one which challenged the respect only of
| southern members. It was a measure in which
11 the North as well as the South—Pennsylvania as
ii well as Virginia, New York as well as South Car-
olina—the whole East, West, North, and South
were concerned.- This great mail line supplied, as
was well known, all the lateral lines on the sea-
board, and extended its branches even to and be-
yond the mountains. Just as this mail line, then,
was affected by a delay of any length of time, so
were affected many other routes, in all portions of
! the country. He trusted, then, he should have
| the aid of all on that floor who felt an interest in
i the spccdv transmission of intelligence to every
J portion of the Union; and he appealed to both sides
| of the House to unite and ratify what the Senate
; had asked them by its vote to So. Certainly, he
j should not attempt to cast any imputations of a
| dereliction of duty on the part of the Postmaster
i General, of whom he would say, and he took pleas-
I ure in doing so, that he had no doubt his course
| was influenced by the convictions of duty; and
j (said Mr. G.) that officer, in all my intercourse
! with him during this session, in his official char-
| acter, has certainly made no unfavorable impres-
i sion on me, however he (Mr. G.) might differ, as
he often did differ with him, in his views. He
'j believed he was'actuated by honest but by mista-
i ken notions of his duty and of the law he was
: called on to administer.
■ The object of this bill is simply to restore (said
! Mr. G.) the mail to the railroad and steamboat
line from this to the city of Richmond, by which
it was sent, until December last, a distance of one
bundled and thirty miles in nine hours for §32,252
per annum. It is now sent fiym Washington to
Baltimore, in the first place, where it lies about
seventeen hours: it is then sent down the bay to
Hampton Roads, where it is transhipped to two
other vessels, and sent np the rivers (the James
and the Appomattox) to Richmond and Petersburg,
