870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
bav A paper had been prepared to be executed,
but it never had been, and, if Mr. G. understood
the law, the company had forfeited all right under
it by failing to enter into the contract as required
by the department and by the law, and were them-
selves liable for damages. Be thatas it may, how-
ever, Mr. G. should contend, even if the contract
had been signed, the department had no right to
make it, as it is proposed, for the paper on its face
showed it was meant to be irrevocable, while the
law and all the regulations of the department looked
to the revocation of its contracts for carrying the
mail whenevejfcthe public interest required it. If,
therefore, the Postmaster General had gone beyond
his duty and the law, he alone was liable, and he
alone could be looked to. Congress sat here not
to declare how a pretended contract of his might
operate on individual rights. If, however, there
had been anything in this objection, it had been
obviated by the express disclaimer of all damages
by those most interested in the contract, as shown
by the letter he would now ask the Clerk to
read.
Here Mr. G. sent to the table to be read a letter
from Mr. N. Falls, agent of the bay line, saying
that, although they had been put to expense, &c.,
if the mail could now be transferred from them to the
railroad, that company would claim nothing for
damages. He said he was well aware he should
be answered that the railroad company had bought
out the bay line, and that it was done in order to
thwart the Postmaster General; yet (said Mr. G.)
such is not the case. The railroad company, as he
was informed, had no interest in the bay company,
but an individual of that company had; and, no
doubt, in making the purchase, he had looked in
some degree to the interests of the railroad, and to
get the mail back on the latter was only so far of im-
portance as it regarded the travel, to accommodate
which they were now subjected to many difficulties
by the present mail arrangements.
In regard to the local mail, that which supplied
the district of his colleague [Mr. Beale] near him,
and other parts of the route from here to Rich-
mond, that (said Mr. G.) is already provided for
in the contract itself, which provides, in case the
contract shall be taken from them, that the con-
tractors shall have one month's extra pay, no more;
and this was the stipulation in regard to all con-
tracts, except the very formal one to which he had
alluded, and which had beer) so specially excepted
by the Postmaster General. He hoped, then, gen-
tlemen would no longer doubt as to the course they
should pursue, and he called on them from all sides
to lend a helping hand in setting to rights this sin-
gular freak of the Postmaster General. Mr. G.
said gentlemen could not, he was sure, hesitate, if
they would but look at the difficulties attending the
bay route, so called. He then read from a report
the number of failures from Baltimore south, and
from Petersburg north, on this bay line, in Decem-
ber and January last, and they seemed (said Mr.
G.) to have increased rather than diminished. Op-
posite to all these failures (9, 10, 12, &c., in the
space ofa few days) was the reason given: "Fog;"
" fog;1'tf fog;" u heavy fog;" or " boat aground,"
in James or Appomattox rivers, &c. These acci-
dents (said Mr. G.) might occur and did occur elso-
wheresometimes; no doubt they had on the Po-
tomac: but they were lass likely to occur there
than in the bay. One, in fact, was but a distance
of fifty or sixty miles by water, the other some
three hundred and fifty; most of the one was by
railroad, all the other was by steamboat from Balti-
more.
Mr. G. said, however, as it was late, and the
weather excessively hot; as all were doubtless
wearied, and, in fact, almost exhausted by the pro-
tracted sitting, he should close what he had to say,
huiried and unconnected as had been his remarks,
by calling on all sides of the House to sustain this
resolution of the Senate. He called on his friends
on both sides to set this matter as it deserved to
stand; importuned as they were, not only by me-
morials but by letters from their friends at home,
who invoked them to lend them some relief; he
hoped, he said, that the bill would be passed with-
out being committed at all; that the appeal made
would address itself to all, and especially to those
who would perhaps find an only merit in its econ-
omy, and particularly as the present arrangement,
he had no doubt, was diverting large portions of
the legitimate revenues of the department into the
pockets of private expresses, which had been and
would be of necessity kept up while those unrea-
sonable delays continued.
Mr. BOWLIN next obtained the floor, but gave
way to a motion to adjourn.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 23, 1848.
Mr. BENTON presented the credentials of Mr.
IIenrt Dodge, Senator elect from the State of
Wisconsin.
Mr. Dodge was qualified, and took his seat.
Mr. FELCH presented the memorial of certain
citizens of Washington for the purchase of Mount
Vernon by the General Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HALE offered a resolution that the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia be instructed
to bring in a bill to abolish slavery in said District.
Objection being made, it lies over.
Mr. DOWNS moved that the resolution offered
by him some days since, relative to the disposition
of the vacant seats in the Senate, be taken up; and
no objection being made, it was taken up for con-
sideration.
Some little colloquial discussion took place as
to the propriety of disturbing the usual practice of
the Senate, m which Messrs. BERRIEN, MAN-
GUM, DOWNS, BUTLER, MASON, HALE,
BRIGHT, and BADGER, took part, when the
resolution, on motion of Mr. BADGER, was laid
on the table—ayes 16, noes 15.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee
of Claims: House bill for the relief of John P.
Gratiot and the legal representatives of Henry
Gratiot.
By Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, the following House bills without amend-
ment:
For the relief of Charles Ahrenfeldt and John
F. H. Yogt.
For the relief of the legal representatives of Cap-
tain George Shoemaker.
For the relief of the legal representatives of Da-
vid Gaidner, of Southborough, Massachusetts.
By Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs: A bill to compensate R. M. John-
son for the erection of certain buildings for the use
of the Choctaw Academy.
Also, from the same committee, a joint resolu-
tion to authorize the adjudication of certain Indian
claims under the act of 23d August, 1842.
By Mr. NiLES, from the Committee on the
Post Officc and Post Roads: Recommending that
the Senate concur in the amendments of the House
to the bill to amend the act to provide for the trans-
portation of the mail between the United States
and foreign countries, which was agreed to.
Mr. TURNEY, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Richard Field.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the resolution set-
ting apart Saturday at one o'clock for the consid-
eration of private bills was so amended as to make
the private business commence to-morrow at the
hour of twelve, m.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill providing
for the obtaining of testimony in relation to claims
for losses sustained in the late Florida war.
Mr. DICKINSON objected to the bill, because
it devolved on the commissioner the duty of taking
the testimony, which he regarded as incompatible
with his other duties.
Mr. WESTCOTT explained, that it would not
impose any improper labor on the commissioner,
who was the fit person to look to the interests of
the Government.
Mr. CLA.YTON wished a modification of the
bill so as to make it conform to the practice of the
Senate. No one would contend that we were
bound to pay all claims for property lost in every
case. Certain principles had been laid down by
the Committees of the Senate, which should regu-
late our future action. No one would contend that
we ought to pay for all property destroyed by the
Indians. Why, then, should we go to the expense
of collecting testimony on all cases, when our rule
forbids us from allowing above one-fifth of them?
He thought there should be some person, besides
the commissioner, to represent the Government.
In some sort, the commissioner had to act as a
judge. When all the testimony shall be sent to
the department, cases of great hardship would ap-
pear, and these would be pressed on Congress; and
where would be the end of it? It would lead to
the expenditure of millions.
Mr. MASON was in favor of the bill, which was
so guarded that although testimony on the part of
the Government would be taken at the expense of
the United States, the testimony of the claimants
would be at the cost of each claimant. lie saw
no reason for the additional expense of an attorney
or agent. It would be the duty of the commis-
sioner to make his report to the Secretary of War,
and the Secretary would report to Congress. It
was by no means improbable that many unjust
claims had been paid, and many just claims had
not as yet been settled.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said the sole object of the
bill was to secure the cross-examination of wit-
nesses by the Government. How was this to be
done ? By the commissioner, who has a clerk at
his elbow to record the testimony. What more
was required? The President would doubtless
appoint a clerk who had some knowledge of the
law. The whole object of the bill was to protect
the Government against fraud. The Senator from
Delaware desired that the nature of the claims
should be defined before testimony was permitted
to be taken. That point had been mooted in the
committee, who had thought the most proper
course would be to leave it to the discretion of the
commissioner, who would not be likely to listen
to matter which was irrelevant. lie himself had
I always desired the passage of a general law on the
| subjcct of testimony, but as that could not be ob-
j tairied, he was willing to take this bill for so much
| as relates to the Florida claims, which constitute a
large portion of the whole.
Mr. BADGER did not think the objections of
the Senator from Delaware had been answered,
and expressed his dislike to the bill for the loose
!'. manner in which it was drawn.
I' Mr. WESTCOTT stated that the commissioner
was the proper person to take the testimony on
!| behalf of the Government. Congress would then
\< have to decide on the report of the Secretary of
i! War. The Government would be subjected to no
I expense beyond the per diem of the commissioner,
I The people of Florida would be perfectly satisfied
I with the appointment of any intelligent citizen, to
; whatever State he belonged, to act in the matter.
| Mr. BRIGHT moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill, with a view to take up
the bill to establish a Territorial Government in
Oregon.
The question having been taken, it was decided
in the affirmative: Yeas 19, nays 17.
WYANDOTS AND DEL AWAKES.
Mr. ATCHISON then moved to take up the
joint resolution to sanction an agreement made
between the Wyandots and Delaware^ for the
purchase of certain lands by the former of the
latter tribe of Indians.
Mr. BRIGHT maintained that the Oregon bill
had precedence, but it was contended that the
motion to postpone did not include the motion to
take up; and the question having been taken on
Mr. Atchtson's motion, it was decided in the
affirmative: Yeas 19, nays 15.
The joint resolution relative to the Wyandots
and Delawares was then taken up, and read a
second and third time, and passed.
A brief discussion ensued as to whether the un-
finished business of yesterday had not precedence
over all others, and the Chair maintained that it
hud.
Mr. BRIGHT said he had given way yesterday
to allow the resolution fixing the time for the ad-
journment of Congress to be taken up, which had
lost him the whole day, and he felt it his duty to
press the motion to take up the Oregon hill, on
which question he must demand theyeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER hoped that the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Mangoi] might be permit-
ted to close his remarks, as that Senator had given
way yesterday for a motion to adjourn.
The question on Mr. Bright's motion was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the affirm-
ative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Brad
