872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
Mr. COBB replied: Precisely the same, with
this exception, that under the general call of the
committees there would not have been the same
inducement for the majority to sustain the previ-
ous question, for the reason that if it was not sus-
tained the report would not go over, but would be
considered and voted on. But, in this instance, if
it went over, the House would not have the op-
portunity of voting on the question. Under the
peculiar circumstances connected with the recep-
tion of the report, with the understanding; that no
debate would arise, the friends of these resolutions
might be induced to sustain the previous question,
to force a vote upon it; and it was of that he had
complained. He thought the gentleman from New
York would see he was right in the position he
'had taken. He submitted to the gentleman wheth-
er he believed that he (Mr. C.) or any gentle-
man on his side of the House would ever have
assented to the proceedings that had taken place,
if they had believed that the effect of those pro-
ceedings would have been to force them to a vote
upon several resolutions, involving questions of
party policy, which they had never had the op-
portunity of seeing or hearing except as they had
been read from the Clerk's table? It was of that
he had complained, and he thought his objection
was well taken at the time. He had already said,
and he repeated, with reference to any personal
imputation upon the gentleman from New York,
in accordance with what had been his universal
practice in this House, he had had no such design.
Here the conversation dropped.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
House to take up the motion he made yesterday
to reconsider the vote by which was passed the
bilt concerning the administration of official oaths
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House proceed to the consideration of private
business.
Mr. WHITE moved the reconsideration of the
vote by which the resolution was passed to close
the debate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the bill making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1849.
The motion to reconsider was entered and laid
over for the present.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the Senate bill authorizing the proper officers
of the Treasury to settle the accounts of Joseph
Nourse, deceased, which was amended and passed
by the House some time since, and on which a
motion (made by Mr. Bowlin) to reconsider the
vute by which the bill was passed was pending.
The bill was opposed at some length by Messis.
BOWLIN and TEiOMAS, and supported by
Messrs. POLLOCK, PALFREY, and ROCK-
WALL, of Connecticut. The latter gentleman
concluded his remarks by moving to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DANIEL requested Mr. Rockwell to
withdraw his motion for the purpose of having a
letter read.
Mr. BOWLIN moved a call of the House, the
vote on which was decided by yeas and nays in
the negative: Yeas 40, nays 112.
Mr. DANIEL said, having appealed to the gen-
tleman from Connecticut, and having appealed in
vain for the withdrawal of the motion to lay on
the table for the purpose of having a letter bearing
on the ease read, he would now appeal to the
House not to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The question was pntoo laying the motion to
reconsider on the table, and was decided by yeas
and nays m the affirmative: Yeas 83, nays 73. So
the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved a
resolution to close all debate in Committee of the
Whole on the bill for the relief of Lyon & How-
ard, m half an hour after the bill shall be again
considered in committee.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
lay the resolution on the table. It was decided by
yeas and nays in the negative: Yeas 66, nays 93.
So the resolution was not laid on the table. |
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, now modi- |
fied his resolution by extending the time to three- !
quarters of an hour, and moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution as modified was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE asked the House to take up Sen-
ate bill renewing certain naval pensions for the
term of five years, and extending the benefits of
existing laws respecting naval pensions to engi-
neers, firemen, and coalheavers in the navy, and
to their widows.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar.
Mr. SAWYER moved that the House do now
adjourn, Lost: Ayes 61, noes 63.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole, which being put, was
disagreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the bill to estab-
|! lish certain post-routes be taken up and read a
} third time.
|j Which motion was objected to, and then the;
11 House adjourned. i
|j PETITIONS, ETC. |
The following memorials and petitions were presented I
j under the rule, and referred: !
! j By Mr. LYNDE: Petition of E. R. Utter and others, citi- !
,; zens of Wisconsin, for the purchase of Mount Vernon. ;
H By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of j
l| Maiy Ann Kalian, widow of John Ballan, a soldier in the ,
1 j war of 1812-U3, and who died from injuries received in the i
i: service.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 24, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a report on the claims of Father
Mediore m relation to certain church lands at St.
Augustine, Florida; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Land Claims.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a resolution of the Senate re-
specting the custom-house at Charleston, South
Carolina; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. D1X presented a memorial from citizens of
Rochester, asking that the Tonawanda band of
Indians may be compensated for their Sands taken
by the United States under the treaties of 1836
and 1842; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made adverse reports on the memorials of
Numerous bills received from the House of
Representatives were read a first and second time
by their titles and appropriately referred.
The Senate then took up the bill to promote the
despatch of business in the Supreme Court, and
to repeal the second section of the act approved
June 17, 3844, entitled "An act concerning the
Supreme Court of the United States."
After a brief explanation, the bill was read a
third time and passed.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the private calendar, in compliance with the
resolution of die 22d instant.
The bill for the relief of George Center having
been taken up, considerable debate ensued, in
which Messrs. UNDERWOOD, YULEE, CAL-
HOUN, WESTCOTT, GREEN, and others par-
ticipated. When the question was taken on or-
dering the bill to be engrossed, it resulted: Yeas
19, nays 24.
The following bills were then considered in
Committee of the Whole and passed:
An act for the relief of Russel Goss.
An act for the relief of Barclay & Livingston,
and Smith, Thurgar & Co.
Bill for the relief of Charles Richmond.
Bill for the relief of William B. Stokes.
Bill granting a pension to Bethia Healy, widow
of George Healy, deceased.
Bill to confirm to the legal representatives of
Joseph Dutailles the location of a certain New
Madrid certificate.
Bill for the relief of Samuel Grice.
Bill for the relief of George V. Mitchell.
An act to change the name, of the steamboat
Charles Downing to the Calhoun.
Bill for the relief of Stalker & Hill.
Joint resolution for the relief of H. B. Gaither.
Bill for the relief of Alfred White.
Bill for the relief of Benjamin Adams & Co.
and others.
The bill for the relief of Frederick Dawson,
James Schott, andElisha Dana Whitney, was dis-
cussed at very considerable length, and its further
consideration postponed without any question hav-
ing been taken.
The bill is for the payment of certain vessels of
war furnished the late Republic of Texas.
Mr. HALE resisted the bill very strenuously,
as the first step towards the assumption of the
debts of the State of Texas.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, read a bond
Levi Wells, praying arrears of pension, and of I wherein the faith of the Republic was pledged for
Mnrir fiVuncM HY nt , . 1 r ®
Mary Frances Foot.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report on the memorial
of the Onondaga and Cayuga Indians.
On motion of Mr. YULEE,
| Resolved, That so much of the naval appropriation bill as
relates to the diecipline and organization of the navy and
j improvements of navy-yards be"referred to the Committee
| on Naval Ail'dins.
I Mr. DIX subsequently moved to reconsider this
I resolution; and the motion lies over.
j The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
j Jonxson, of Maryland, on the 19th instant, was '\
taken up and adopted: |
| Resoh edf That the Secietary of the Tiea ury inform the
j Senate of the whole number 01 officers now employed in J1
| and about the custom-house of the United States in the city :
; of Baltimore, with the compensation allowed to each; anH \
. th;>theal<=o infonn the Senate what wad the number of s>uch ,|
j officers at the same eu&tom-house on the 4th March, le45,
j and the compensation allowed each. J
I The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. \\
j Hale, to instruct the Committee on the District \\
of Columbia to bring in a bill to abolish slavery :i
| therein, was taken up. The question was taken ;!
j by yeas and nays, and decided in the negative, as
j follows: '
j YEAS—Met^s. Baldwin, ( laikc, Coi win, Davis ofMa--
j sachusetts, Hale Miller, and Upham—7. 1
NAYS—Messis. Alien, Atchison, Atherton, Bell, Berrien
i the payment of the same.
j Mr. DIX moved to reconsider the vote by
; which the bill for the relief of George Center was
' lost.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 26, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. FEATHERSTON moved that the bill to
establish certain post routes, now lying on the
Speaker's table, be taken up and read the third
time.
The SPEAKER said if no objection were made,
he would lay the bill before the House.
Objection being made, Mr. FEATHERSTON
moved a suspension of the rules for the purpose of
taking up the bill.
The question being taken, there appeared—yeas
87, nays 63. Two-thirds not voting m the affirm-
ative, the rules were not suspended.
Mr. EMBREEmoveda suspension of the rules,
to enable him to intioduce a bill to establish cer-
tain post loutes.
[This bill is similar to the post route bill now
lying on the Speaker's table, except that it contains
a proviso declaring that no opinion is expressed as
j Benton, Bradbury, Biees-e, Bright, Butler, c.iiiioun, Davis,of to the boundary of any State or Territory.]
, Mississippi. Dickinson, Diy, uodop, Downs Feleh Fitz- ' t l . j .  i . •
! gerald, Poote, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Mary- 1 hft mot,nn t0 snsnfind thft rnl*R
1 land, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis,
' Mangum, Ma-on, Niles, Rusk, Spruunee, Sturgeon, Turney,
! Undei wood, Wcslcott, and Vulee— 38.
; The resolution submitted some time since by
j Mr. Dams, of Mississippi, relative to the patent.
; of Major General Baron De Kalb, was agreed to.
; On motion of Mr. DOWNS, two additional
1 members to the Committee on Enrolled Bills were
| ordered to be appointed by the Chair.
| A number of adverse reports, made from differ-
! ent committees, were taken up and concurred in.
The motion to suspend the rules was decided as
follows: Yeas 81, nays 77. Two-thirds not voting
in the affirmative, the rules were not suspended.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
privileged question, and moved to take up the mo-
tion made by him some days since to reconsider
the vote by which was passed the bill concerning
the administration of official oaths in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. T. desired to offer the following amendment
to the bill, which he read and explained:
Sec. — Be it further enacted, That m all cases in which,
