1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
under the laws of the United State*, oaths, or affirmations,
or acknowledgments may now he taken or made before any
justice or justice*, of the peace of anvState or Territory, or
District ol Columbia, such oaths, affirmations or acknow-
ledgments may hereafter be also taken or made by or before
anv notary public duly appointed m any State or Territory,
or Di*ti ict of -Columbia, and when certified under the hand
and official sea! of such notary, shall have the same force
and effect a^ if taken or made by or before such justice or
justices of the peace. And all Jaws and parts of laws for
punishing perjury, or subornation of perjury, committed in
any such oaths or affirmations, when taken or made before
any such justice of the peace, shall apply to any such offence
committed in any oaths or affirmations which may he taken
under this act before anotary public: Provided always, That I
on any trial fur either of these offences, the seal and sign a- \
ture of the imtarj shall not be deemed sufficient in them- i
selves to establish the official character of such notary, but !
the same shall be shown by other and proper evidence. !
Sec.—. be it farther enacted. That all the powers and !
authority conferred in and by the preceding section of this J
act upon notaiies public, be, and the same are hereby, vested j
in, and may be exercised by,any commissioner appointed, ;
or hereafter to be appointed, by any circuit court of the I
United Stales, under any act of Congress authorizing the !
appointment of commissioners to take bail, affidavits, or •
depositions, in causes pending in the courts of the United ;
States. !
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL opposed the amend- j
ment proposed to be offered by Mr. Thompson to j
the bill as not congruous; and, after urging the
immediate passage of the bill in a few brief explan- j
atory remarks, moved to lay the motion to recon-1
sider on the table; which was agreed to. So the .
motion to reconsider was laid on the table. ,
civil and diplomatic appropriations. i
The House then, on motion of Mr. VINTON, \
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the '
stale of the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the :
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year ending
June 30, 1849.
Mr. FjSATHERSTON discussed the powers of
the Gene'ral and Territorial Governments over the
subject of slavery in the Territories through the
hour allotted to him, with some brief remarks in- ,
terspersed respecting the Presidential candidates.
Mr. A. STEWART occupied his hour with a
speech relating to the emoluments of General Cass,
when Governor of Michigan Territory for eighteen
years and ex officio Superintendent of Indian Affairs,
during which time his extra compensation and
rations were very considerable items. He also
introduced some statistical statements of the ex-
penditures of the war and the General Government
as compared with earlier Presidential terms. As
an example, the expenses of collection under Mr.
Adams were three per cent., whereas under Mr.
Polk they have increased to seven per cent.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kentucky, discussed General |
Taylor's position respecting the veto power as un-
exampled (although he professed to follow the :
course pursued by the earlier Presidents) and as
dangerous, Especially to the South. He also com-
mented on the uncertainty in which General Tay- ;
lor's political opinions were shrouded. He was
anxious especially to know the views of General ,
Taylor respecting the Wilmot Proviso; and on this
point a colloquy ensued between Mr. C. and Mr. .
HASKELL, but no positive information was com- >
municated, although Mr. H. said he believed Gen-
eral Taylor was opposed to the Wilmot Proviso. I
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, then took
the floor, and occupied it for about thirty minutes, ,
when he yielded for a motion that the committee •
rise; which being agreed to, the committee rose
and reporte'd.
[These speeches will all appear m the Appendix.]
army op the united states.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON,
Rrsulred, That the Secretary of Wai be lequested tocoin-
niunicate to tins House the strength ot'the different corps of !
the arm} of the United States alter the discharge of those
who, by the terms of their enlistment and the operation of
existing laws, are required to be discharged at tbc close of the
war with Mexico; aiso, that he communicate what will lie
tile strength fit the corp.- remaining m the army when filled
to the maximum authonzed bylaw.
Mr. VINTON said, as he understood the Sec-
retary of War was engaged in making out new
estimates for an army bill, he would move to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the bill making appropriations
for the support of the army and of volunteers for
the year ending Juno 30, 1849, and that it be re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and Means.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 26, 1848.
At eleven o'clock, a. m., the Secretary of the
Senate called the body to order; when—
Mr. BENTON moved that Mr. Atchison be
selected to preside during the temporary absence
of the Vice President, which was unanimously
agreed to; and a resolution was also adopted di-
recting the Secretary to inform the President of
the United States and the House of Representa-
tives of said election.
Mr. DODGE presented the credentials of his
colleague, Mr. Isaac P. Walker, Senator elect j
from the State of Wisconsin; who, after having j
been duly qualified, took his seat. t I
Mr. BENTON then submitted the following j
resolution, which was agreed to: [
Resolved, That the Senate proceed to ascertain the elates I
in which the Senators from the State of Wisconsin shall be j
inserted, in conformity with the resolution of May 14, J7e9, j
and as the Constitution provides. j
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
Ordered, That the Secietary put into the ballot-box two
papers of equal size, one of'which to be numbered 1, and
the other to be blank; that each Senator from the State of
Wisconsin draw out one papei ; that No. I shall entitle the
Senator to he placed in the class whose term of service will
expire on the 3d of March, 1849. That the Secretary then
put into the ballot-box two other papers of equal size, num-
beied two and three; that the Senator who shall have drawn
the blank shall then draw one of the papers ; that No. 2, if
drawn, shall entitle the Senator to be placed in the class
whose term of service will expne the 3d of March, 18ol,
and No. 3 in the class whose term will expire the 3d of
March, 1853.
Mr. Walker drew No. 1, and is accordingly in
that class whose term of service will expire on
the 3d day of March, 1849.
The Secretary then put papers Nos. 2 and 3 in
the box, and Mr. Dodge drew No. 2, and is ac-
cordingly in that class of Senators whose term of
service will expire on the 3d of March, 1851.
Mr. NILES presented a memorial from John T.
Sullivan, asking compensation for binding the
laws and instructions of the Postmaster General
for the use of the department; which was re-
ferred.
reports from committees.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill-to vest the title of
the United States m the purchasers of certain lands
sold under execution against Gordon D. Boyd;
which was read a first time.
Mr. U., in explanation of this bill, stated that
by its passage the Solicitor of the Treasury ex-
pected to save $20,000 to the United States. Boyd
was a receiver of the public moneys in the State
of Mississippi, and had issued receipts in his own
name for large sums paid in for the purchase of
public lands, not a dollar of which had ever been
received. The Government instituted suits for the
recovery of the money, and levied execution on the
very lands which he pretended to have sold. The
purchasers, under these executions, had given their
Mr. BORLAND gave notice, that when this
resolution came up for consideration, he would
propose certain amendments, requiring the Secre-
tary of the Navy to cause a hydrographicai survey
of the Pacific coast, with the view of determining
the best point for a dock-yard and naval station on
that coast; and authorizing the Postmaster General
to contract for carrying the mail between San
Francisco, in Upper California, and Santa Fe, in
New Mexico, or some other point in convenient
connection with the United States mail lines west
of the Mississippi river.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
for the relief of persons who have incurred the
| disabilities of the 28th section of the act of July
2, 1836; which was read a first time.
Mr. N. asked for the immediate consideration
of this joint resolution. He stated, that by the
existing law, any contractor who has been a party
to a combination to cheat the department was dis-
qualified thereafter from obtaining any contract.
The object of this joint resolution was, to autho-
: rize the Postmaster General, at his discretion, to
| annul this disability, after the expiration of five
i years. The operation of the law, which was a
! good one, had borne hardly on individuals whom
1 it was desired to relieve.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said, that the
! proposition to rescind the operation of a law ad-
i initted to have been wholesome in its effects, and
to substitute a disqualification of only five years,
was an important change, and ought not to be hast-
ily adopted. He would prefer, therefoie, that the
bill he over.
The bill was then informally passed over.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Oulered. That Friday, after twelve o'clock, be -etapait
for the consideration of Senate private bills, to the exclusion
of all other business.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following:
Rssolred, That the First Comptroller of tile Treasury be
directed, as soon as practicable, to report to the Senate any
facts that have come to his knowledge since, the passage at
this session of the act for the relief of Jones & Boker, show-
ing thai said act was passed underamisappiehenMon of the
facts; and that, until the further action of Confess on ihe
subject during the session, said Comptroller suspend any
allowances or payments under said act.
Mr. WESTCOTT explained, that since the
passage of the bill for the relief of Jones & Boker,
it had cotne to the knowledge of several Senators,
from the Comptroller himself, that a portion of the
very notes for the loss of which the bill had made
compensation, had, previous to the passage of the
law, been paid to these very individuals. It was
important, therefore, that the facts should be in-
quired into before payment was made under the
provisions of the bill.
Mr. NILES made a brief response, in alow tone.
He is believed to have said, that the Post Office
Department had, indeed, put some of these notes
in circulation, but to have denied that they were
purchasers, under tnese executions,.idugiven uiei. i; ;d t0 Jones & Boker.
bonds for one and two years in payment, but had jr Mr WESTCOTT replied, that the
not been able to obtain patents for the lands, l hey had " itivel stateJ that the notes
Agreed to.
And then the House adjourned.
have refused to pay their bonds, and suits have
been commenced against them. The Solicitor
says the subject is still under consideration befoie
the Commissioner of Public Lands. The object
of this bill was to remove the difficulty, by secu-
ring to the purchasers a valid title to the lands.
He°hoped that this explanation would induce the
Senate to take up the bill for immediate action.
The bill was then considered, and read a second ,
and third time, and passed. j
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private !
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Rob- I
ert W. Richardson, accompanied by a report. >
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com- !
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill making ap- [
propriations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, j
&c., and providing for the erection and establish- ;
i ment of the same. ,
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mil- i
itary Affairs, repoited a bill to allow pay and su,b-
r sistence to certain Arkansas and other volunteers ,
'! who have been prisoners of war in Mexico.
| Also, from the Committee on Public Lands, on
| the memorial of Asa Whitney relative to the con-
! struction of a railroad from Lake Michigan to the
I Pacific Ocean, reported ajoint resolution providing
] for a survey and exploration of one or more routes
i for a railroad from the Mississippi river, below the
Falls of St. Anthony, to the Pacific Ocean, under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
Comptroller
positively stated that the notes were paid to
the parties themselves. He hoped the resolution
would at onre be adopted, that proper inquiry might
be instituted.
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
The resolution, therefore, lies over for consider-
ation.
territory of oregon.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to establish
a Territorial Government in Oregon.
The question being on the motion of Mr. DAVIS,
of Mississippi, to amend—
Mr. DIX said he had hitherto abstained from
entering into the discussions on slavery in the Ter-
ritories, because he had regarded the questions
heretofore presented as abstract questions. Here,
I liowe.ver, is an act of legislation which is to estab-
1 lish our government over thousands of mues.
! will affect the interests, the destinies of the popu-
, lation which will hereafter fill the valleys and crown
j the mountains of Oregon. The discussion now,
i therefore, conducted in a temperate manner, can
' do no harm; but out of it some light may be struck
to guide us through our progress. He adverted to
the different views which had been thiown out on
the subject; but there was a question which, m his
opinion, lay beyond all these, the determination of
j which may have a great effect on the settlement of
' the question. He referred to that of the power of
