874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Congress to regulate the government of the Terri-
tories, and all matters relating to them. _
The rifht to regulate all matters relating to the
public domain may be construed to extend over all
classes occupying those public lands. He referred
to the constitutional clause on this subject, of which
he thought an improper construction had been given.
He went into a history of the clause, dwelling on
the mode in which it was introduced, and of the
propositions made to amend it. The proposition
was introduced by Mr. Madison, and although
not adopted in that form, it was.not rejected.
That of Mr. Morris was favored and adopted. He
also stated the proceeding in relation to the intro-
duction of the celebrated ordinance of 1787. The
coincidence of the two subjects in pomt of time,
might, he thought, throw some light on the vie'ws
of the Convention. Mr. Madison denied the le-
gdlity of the ordinance; but to give a further insight
into the views of Mr. Madison, he read an extiact
from a paper in the Federalist, of which Mr. Mad-
ison was the author. Mr. Madison, he thought,
regarded the new Government about to be estab-
lished under the Constitution, as intended to sup-
ply defects in the Government under the Confed-
eration; and this was made clear by Mr. Madison
himself in the forty-third number of the Federalist.
He referred to the condition of the Northwest
Territory at the time when this ordinance was
passed; and it was in looking at the character of
the States about to be admitted, that Mr. Madison
regarded this power as of very great importance.
He proceeded to show how far this ordinance
was sustained by the action of Congress, in order
that the Senate might have before it the full benefit
of a knowledge of the legislative precedents in its
favor. From these he inferred an intention to
extend the area of human liberty. Neither the
framers of the ordinance nor the first Congress
could have considered the prohibition of slavery
as incompatible with the establishment of States
out of the Northwest Territory on an equal footing
with the original States. The authority of the
ordinance was recognized by the Supreme Court
of Louisiana, as appears from a decision which he
read of that court m 1830. He recited the dates
of several acts on which he relied to support his
views of the force of the ordinance, and to illustrate
the action of Congress under its operation. He
made frequent use of extracts from the several
laws on the subject, and from the judicial decisions
under them. Slavery existed in' Louisiana when
she came into the United States, and although Con-
gress adopted no course which would interfere
with the vested rights of property in that State, laws
were passed restricting the importation of slaves
from foreign countries. He looked at the acts by
which subsequent States had been admitted, to
show that Congress had exercised power over the
question of slavery in the Territories until they
became States.
The decisions of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States,'as to the existence of this power in
Congress, he quoted from very copiously. Writers
on public law concur in this construction. He in-
sisted, that by every authority which could be
quoted, the question of this power had received a
similar decision. The question of power, there-
fore, was, in his opinion, indisputable. He would
next consider whether it was expedient in all cases
to exercise this power.
On the subject of the prohibition of slavery in
the Territory of Oregon, the very admission,
broadly made, that it was unnecessary, because
slavery would never exist in that Territory, divest-
ed the question of any injurious operation. In
reference to the effect of the prohibition of slavery
on the slave population, he contended, that as
productive surface was the great element in the
multiplication of races, the extension of slavery
over a larger surface tended irresistibly to the in-
crease of slaves. So that by every step we may
take m extending slave territory, we are repro-
ducing the original responsibility of the establish-
ment of slavery.
In reference to emigration from Europe, he stated
that we had, within the last twenty-five years,
received an addition of one million persons from
England and Ireland; yet this drain did not di-
minish the population of these countries, because
the reproduction was more than equal to the ex-
haustion. The character of the various races
which flocked into our country was a subject well
worthy the consideration ofthephilosophical states-
man. He believed the only States in which the
black population was on the increase, were those
in which slavery existed. He referred to the de-
pressed condition of the blacks which prevailed in
New York and some other States, and laid it down
as a principle which never varied, that a degraded
race could never multiply. Emancipated slaves, he
asserted, never multiplied.
It would not be right for us to check the tide
of emigration from foreign countries. The track-
less wastes of our western Territories would be
the homes of all the foreign emigrants who may
flock into the country, as well as our own surplus
population. As to the propriety of a policy which
looked to the peopling of our country from the
race most celebrated for its moral and intellectual
elevation, he considered there could never be a
doubt. He admitted that there was a section of
the country where slave property was considered
necessary, but in what he had said he had no ref-
erence to these States. He depicted the advantages
which would result from the substitution of inde-
pendent for slave labor, both as to individual in-
terest and national character.
There was nothing in the soil, climate, or pro-
ductiveness of Oregon, to render slave labor indis-
pensable. But it could be profitably employed
there, as in every new country, for a short time.
And he asked, would it not be unwise to decline to
prohibit slavery in a Territory where it could not
long continue to exist, and where it must ultimately
wear out in the competition with free labor? If
we strike out the 12th section, we say that slavery
may exist in Oregon, unless the Territorial Gov-
ernment shall reenact the prohibition of it. Such
he considered to be its effect. He read the section,
and assumed that the part of that section which
provides that the laws existing in Oregon shall
continue in force, must operate as an exclusion of
slavery full as effectually as if the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] had been adopted.
He referred to the positions he laid down in the
discussion of the three million bill, which he still
held. The principle of these positions was, that
weare bound to take a territory as we find it: if we
find slavery there, we ought not to abolish it—if
we find that no slavery exists there, we ought not
to introduce it so long as it continues to be in the
condition of a Territory, and that we have no
power over the regulation of the subject as soon
as the Territory becomes a State. He still main-
tainedthesc views.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if the discussion was to
continue, he thought it would be better to continue
it on this amendment. He was not now prepared
to go into the debate himself; but if no other Sen-
ator was now prepared to go on, he would wish
the bill to go over until to-morrow morning, when
he would be prepared to deliver his views.
The motion was agreed to, and the further con-
sideration of the bill was then postponed till to-
morrow.
The motion submitted on Saturday by Mr.
Athertokt, to reconsider the vote by which Mr.
Yulee's lesolution to refer the naval appropriation
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs, was taken
up and agreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were then severally consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole, read a third time
by unanimous consent, and passed:
An act for the relief of William Lawson.
Bill for the issuing of patents in certain cases,
and for other purposes. j
Bill concerning taking official oaths in the Dis- j
trict of Columbia.
An act for the relief of Edna Hickman, wife of
Alexander D. "Peck.
The bill supplemental to an act passed the 9th j
July, 1846, entitled " An act to retrocede the coun- 1
ty of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to i
the State of Virginia." j
An act for the relief of Thomas Scott, register !
of the land office at Chiiicothe, Ohio, for services
connected with the duties of his office.
SURVEY OF MOUTH OF RED RIVER.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON", of Louisiana, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the bill to
provide for a survey of the mouth of Red river, in
the State of Louisiana.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to lay the bill on the !
tahle, and asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The question halving been taken by yeas and
nays, it was decided in the negative, as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Atherton, Bright, Butler, Davis of M is-
sissippi, Dickinson, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of
Georgia, Lewis, Mason, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bradbury,Clarke,
Clayton, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dix, Downs,
Felch, Greene, Johnson of Maryland, John&on of Louisiana,
Miller, Niies, Phelps, Sebastian, Spruatice, Sturgeon, Un-
derwood, and Upham—22.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. MASON, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution, the object of which was to correct an error
in the engrossment of a bill passed some time since,
for the relief of William B. Slaughter, of Wiscon-
sin, which consisted in the substitution of the word
" treasury" for " territory," which error had pre-
vented the settlement of the claim by the account-
ing officers. The joint resolution was read three
times and passed.
On motion of Mr. BELL, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business, and,
after a short time, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 27, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the petition and papers of Enoch Bald-
win.
On motion of Mr. STROHM, leave was given
to withdraw the papers in the case of Samuel
Royer.
On motion ofMr. NEWALL,
Resolved. That the Committee on Military Affairs be di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of amendinc tlie law
approved April 23, ISO?, appropriating annually $200,000 for
arming the whole militia of tfie United States and Territo-
ries, so as to increase the same to an amount equal to the
present wants of the country, and report by bill or other-
wise.
. Mr. HOLMES, of New York, asked leave to
introduce a bill to alter and establish the mileage
of Senators and Representatives in the Congress
of the United States, of which he had given pre-
vious notice.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected to the reception
of the bill.
On motion of Mr. HAMPTON, of Penn.:
Kcsolved, That George Cochran have leave to withdraw
his papers from the files of tins House relating to his claim
against the United States.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE asked and obtained leave
to introduce a bill, of which previous notice had
been given, to revive and amend the act entitled
" An act granting bounties in land and extra pay
to certain Canadian volunteers,"approved March 5,
1816.
Mr. McILVAINE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill to provide for the or-
ganization of an Indian territory west of tlie
Mississippi river. Read and committed.
Mr. EMBREE asked leave to introduce a bill,
of which previous notice had been given, granting
to the State of Indiana the right of way and a do-
nation of public land for making a railroad from
New Albany to the Wabash river, opposite M ount
Carmel. Read and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. HILLIARD, the Committee
of the Whole was discharged from the bill of the
House to change the place of holding the district
court for the middle district of Alabama, and it
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
giving theconsentof the Government of the United
States to the State of Texas to extend her eastern
boundary so as to include within her limits one-
half ofSabine Pass,Sabine Lake,and Sabine liver,
as far north as the 32d degree of north latitude.
The House then proceeded to consider the said
bill, when the same was ordered to be engrossed;
and being engrossed, was read a third time,passed,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. STEPHENS, from the Committee on Pub-t
lie Lands, to which was referred Senate bill for the
relief of the bona fide settlers under the act for the
armed occupation and settlement of a part of the
