1848.
THET CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
Territory of Florida, reported the same back to
the House without amendment.
The biil was then ordered to be read a third
time, and was read a third time, and passed, and
returned to the Senat'e.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
acknowledging the receipt of certain books ad-
dressed "To the Chamber of Deputies of the United
States of America, Washington."
The books, fifteen in number, are handsomely
bound, and mostly printed in the Greek language,
and are presented by the Government of Greece
to the House of Representatives of the United
States.
The letter was read and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
THE NATIONAL FINANCES.
Mr. HUNT calling for the order of business—
The SPEAKER announced the report of the
Committee on Public Expenditures on the annual
report and statement of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the state of the finances, and the minority
report of the same committee on the same subject,
as the business in order.
_ On this subject Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connec-
ticut, addressed the House in a speech which oc-
cupied nearly an hour in its delivery, and which
will be given in the Appendix.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The House, on motion of Mr.VINTON, resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the hill making
appropriations for civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending June 30, 1849.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, resumed
the debate this morning, and finished the speech
which he commenced yesterday. He treated largely
on the novel position of a large political party in
this country, which, when free institutions were
progressing in the world, was making a retrograde
movement, by the abandonment of their principle's
and rallying under the banner of a military chief-
tain, whose principles were concealed from public
examination, as was the person of the veiled
prophet from the gaze of his worsjiippeis. His
remarks likewise embraced other general topics.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts, occupied
his hour with an argument on the subject of free
territory and the power of the General Government
over slavery therein.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, read a writ-
ten argument on the same subject.
Mr. BRADY entered upon an examination of
the purposes of this Administration as developed
by recently published documents in connection
with the Fremont court martial, which, he said,
were palpably to create a revolution in California
by means of American officers for the acquisition
of that Territory. He also discussed some posi-
tions assumed by Mr. Thompson, his colleague,
in relation to the United States Bank and the
ground assumed by parties thereon.
[These speeches will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, next obtained
the floor, but he gave way to a motion that the
committee rise; which being agreed to, the com-
mittee rose and reported progress.
The resolution to explain an act passed 24th of
June, 1848, entitled " An act for the rehef of Wil-
liam B. Slaughter, late Secretary of the Territory
of Wisconsin," was taken up, read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, gave notice that at an
early day he would ask leave to introduce a bill to
surrender to the State of Indiana so much of the
Cumberland road as lies within said State.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The followins petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and leferrcd:
Bv Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina: The petition of
H-.r.uio Fitch, praying to have certain airearages of pensions
which have boon withhold from hun paid over.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of Leonard Woods and
sixty-one othei-*, officers and students of Theological Seini-
nan of Andover, Massachusetts, pravinjj that ordinary letter
po-Msigtt be rediu ed to two cents, and that the flanking puv-
llege now enjoyed by members of Congress be commuted
lor'an incre4sc of pecuniar) compensation.
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
Henry Bears.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi: The petition and
accompanying papers of Wyott Eppes, asking the payment
of a bill of cost allowed by the District Judge of the United
States for the State of Mississippi.
By Mr. CHAPMAN: Four memorial5! of the Hon. Win.
Cranch, Charles Wilkes, Joseph H. Bradley, and many
other citizens of Washington, asking an appropriation to
remove nuisances from the public ground* jn the city.
By Mr. HUNT : The petition of the officers and students
of Geneva College in favor of abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, and reducing letter postage to a uniform rate of two
cents.
By Mr. LUMPKIN: The memorial of William Y. Han-
sell, William H. Underwood, and the representatives of
Samuel Rockwell, deceased, attorneys and counsellors for
the Cherokee nation, praying that Congress do make provis-
ion, by law, foi the early payment of the respective claims,
according to the amount-? awarded by the roferees;. which
award was made under the authority of the Government of
the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 27,
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a communication from the Committee of
Arrangements, addressed to the Vice President and
Senators, inviting them to attend the ceremony of
laying the corner-stone of the Washington Monu-
ment on the 4th of Julv next.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, it was resolved
that the Senate do attend the same.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from Miss D.
S. Dix, asking an appropriation to provide for the
relief and support of the indigent insane in the sev-
eral States of the Union. In presenting the me-
morial, Mr. D. said:
I rise, Mr. President, to present a memorial from
Miss Dix, who is well known to the American pub-
lic for her disinterested efforts in. ameliorating the
condition of the indigent insane. For many years
her time, her health, and her pecuniary means
have been freely spent in this charitable service.
Through her perseverence.and through the impres-
sion produced by the information which she has
gathered, institutions have been reared in different
parts of the country. The wealthy have contrib-
uted from their abundance, and States laboring
under heavy burdens of debt have heavily taxecf
themselves for the relief of a cJass which, of all
others, has the strongest claim to our sympathy
and support.
The memorialist asks that a portion of the pub-
lic lands may be appropriated for the purpose of
affording relief and support to this unhappy class
in each State of the Union. Her memorial con-
tains a mass of interesting and instructive inform-
ation, derived partly from public sources, and
founded partly on her own personal observation;
and her application is supported by reasonings
and facts which cannot fail to make a strong im-
pression on the mind and the feelings.
It is due to her to say that she comes before the
Senate with the greatest reluctance, hut that she
has yielded to a sense of duty, which has over-
ruled all personal considerations, in behalf of the
cause of humanity, which she pleads.
I will read to the Senate a very few passages
from the closing pages of the memorial.
[Here Mr. D. read a part of the memorial.]
I ask, Mr. PreSdent, that this memorial may
be printed. Its object is purely public, and its
purpose is coextensive with the universality of the
moral disease which it aims to relieve. It does
not concern one State alone, but all. And, in view
of the importance of the subject, I also ask that it
maybe referred to a select committee, to be ap-
pointed by the Presiding Officer of the Senate.
The motion having been agreed to, the Chair
named Messrs. Dix, Benton, Bell, Hannegax,
and Davjs, of Massachusetts.
On motion, five thousand extra copies of the
memorial were ordered to be printed.
Mr. NILES obtained the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill to set apart and sell
to Asa Whitney, of New York, a portion of the
public lands, to enable him to construct a railroad
from Lake Michigan to the Pacific Ocean.
Mr. N. briefly addressed the Senate upon the
subject, but it was impossible to hear him in the
gallery. Fie alluded to the fact of the numerous
memorials that had been presented from individ-
uals, State Legislatures, &c., and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, which committee
had not as yet reported. He said, he had thought
it due to the general expression of the country that
some action should be taken by Congress on the
subject.
Mr. BREESE defended the Committee on the
Public Lands, on the ground of the magnitude and
importance of the subject, and said they were not
prepared to report a bill; but that a report had been
made at some length at a prior session, and the
committee had been waiting to prepare some plan
which might insure success to the undertaking.
The bill was then referred to a select committee,
to be appointed by the Chair, when the following
gentlemen were named: Messrs. Niles, Corwin,
Lewis, Dix, and Felch.
Mr. BENTON obtained the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution in rela-
tion to the naval pension of John McGarr; which
was read twice and referred.
The resolution submitted several weeks since by
Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, calling on the Presi-
dent for the names of such military officers as had
been appointed by the President and not yet sub-
mitted to the Senate, came up for consideration;
when—
Mr. JOHNSON desired that it might lie over.
He desired, at some future period, to reply to the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,]
he, unfortunately, not being present when they
were delivered.
The resolution was laid over.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Westcott, relative to the claim of Jones & Ro-
ker, was taken up, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
OREGON BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill to establish a Ter-
ritorial Government in Oregon; which motion was
| agreed to; and Mr. B. alluded to the fact that he
! had at an early day moved to strike out the twelfth
! section of the bill, with a view to avoid the dis-
cussion which he saw was likely to ensue; but it
not appearing likely to be the case, he had subse-
quently withdrawn the motion. It had, however,
been renewed by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Berrien,] which had led to so much disetission.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] had
also proposed an amendment, which involved an-
other question of equal delicacy. Under these cir-
cumstances, he felt it his duty to lay before the
Senate an amendment which, though it would not
satisfy the entire country, (for there were some
determined not to be satisfied,) might yet restore
peace to our distracted counsels on a subject which
menaced the very safety of the Union. The amend-
ment was bottomed on the Missouri compromise.
Mr. B. then sent to the Chair the following
amendment, which, on motion of Mr. TURNEY,
was ordered to be printed:
Jlnd be it fitrther emitted. That in all the 'Terntoiies
owned by tlie United States, including Oregon, New Mexi-
co, and Upper California, winch lies north of 36° 30' north
latitude, slavery and involuntary servitude, otherwise than
m the punishment of crimes whereof the parties shall have
been duly convicted, shall be and is hereby forever piohib-
ited: Provided, always, That any person escaping into the
same whose labor or &prvice is lawfully claimed in any State
or Territory of the United States, such fugitive may be law-
fully reclaimed and conveyed to the person claiming his or
her'labor or service as aforesaid.
Mr. BERRIEN was not disposed to rest under
the charge of having been the means of bringing
about this protracted discussion. The twelfth sec-
tion was put in the bill by the committee, and the
Senator from Indiana, on the ground of a spirit to
conciliate, had moved to strike it out. If he had
persevered, the vote would have been taken silent-
ly, and no discussion have ensued. He (Mr. B.)
had made the same motion, in the same spirit and
with the same feelings, and had expressed at the
time the hope that there might be no debate; and,
in manifestation of his honesty of purpose, had not
offered a word in support of the motion, content-
ing himself simply with demanding the yeas and
nays. The fault, therefore, must he at the door of
the Senator, and not with him. He concurred en-
tirely with the views entertained by the Senator
from Indiana, and felt with him that the subject
was one that deeply menaced the safety of the
Union. , .
Mr. BRIGHT hoped he was not understood as
meaning to censure the Senator from Georgia. Ho
certainly had no such intention.
Mr. CALHOUN rose and said the slave States
asked for nothing-. They were willing to leave the
Territories free for all to settle there, so long as
