1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wards reaffirmed in its principle by a vote of two-
thirds and twenty over* there Was little to hope
from either party on this subject. Hut he repeated
what he said in a speech two years ago: if we
must choose between schemes, he would prefer the
general to the partial system.
But he apprehended the Government would
have little money to bestow the next twenty-
years. Whichever party came into power, there
would be little else for the Government to do but
raise money, and little for the people to do but pay
taxes. He doubted whether import duties would
prove equal to the discharge of the public debt, at
all, without other resources.
If a proper occasion should offer, he should un-
dertake to show that it will require the greatest
fiscal and financial skill, supported by rigid econo-
my and judicious retrenchment, to discharge the
public debt in twenty-five years; even supposing,
what is hardly supposable, that during that long
period, no further debt will be contracted.
Mr. POLLOCK next obtained the floor, but
gave way to a motion to rise, and the committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents be, and they
aic herchy, authorized and required lo send for persons and
papers, and to thoroughly investigate the charges as pre-
feired by H. P. Thistle against the Commissioner ofPatents,
for sraniiug loiters patent to Thornton Grimsley for an im-
provement m the manufacture of dragoon saddles, when at
the same time (as, alleged by said Thi-tle) an application for
the same invention for letteis patent had been pending in the
Patent Office some several months prior to and at the time
of said Grimslej's application, and for which letters patent
were issued lo said GrinrHey without due notice being
given to said Thistle, as required bylaw in such eases; and
that said committee report the result of such investigation
to this House, at the earliest day practicable.
Objections were made; and, on motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 28, 1848.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of George Poindexter;
which was read a first time.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to revive an act authori-
zing certain soldiers in the late war with Great
Britain to surrender bounty lands drawn by them,
and to locate others in lieu thereof.
On motion of Mr. B., this bill was considered
in Committee of the Whole and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following House
bills without amendment: An act for the relief of
Jonathan Slyter, and for the relief of William
Parker.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the memorial of Isaac
Davenport.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill for the relief of such
persons as may have incurred disabilities in the
Post Office Department, under the twenty-eighth
section of the act for the better organization of the
Post Office Department, approved July, 1836.
At the sus;2;esuon of Mr. JOHNSON, of Mary-
land, Mr. BREESE submitted an amendment re-
quiring the Postmaster General to report all cases
in winch relief was granted, to Congress; and the
amendment being agreed to, the bill was read a
third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, the bill for the
relief of Jonathan Fitzwalter was taken up, con-
sidered, and passed.
The joint resolution from the House in relation
to a naval pension to John McGarr, was read a
third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the bill to authorize
the President to increase the naval establishment
of the United States was taken up, and made the
special order for Thursday, the 6th of July next.
OREGON BILL.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to establish a Territorial Government in
Oregon, the question being on the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi.
Mr. BERRIEN1" said he had ever carefully ab-
stained from this discussion. He had opposed
every acccssion of territory which could bring the
subject before Congress. Hehad everbeen anxious
to urge on all the propriety of letting the South alone,
and leaving it to enjoy its domestic institutions with-
out interruption. But reluctant as he was to go into
the discussion, it was forced on him, and he would
meet it. ^ The twelfth section of the bill prohibits
slavery in the Territory of Oregon, not in direct
terms, but in its effect. It was precisely the same
as extending to Oregon the ordinance of 1787, or
declaring, in fact, that slavery should be prohibited
in that Territory. He denied the power of Con-
gress to do this, and to an argument on that point
he addressed himself.
He denied the existence of this power in Con*
gress, and even if it existed, he asked if it was
prudent or wise to carry it out ? He replied to the
argument of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Dix,] founded on the derivation of the power from
the clause in the Constitution which gives to Con-
gress power over the Territories of the Union. He
contended that the view of this question taken by
the Senator from South Carolina was unanswer-
able, and that the references made by the Senator
from New York to cotemporaneous authority and
other decisions, proved that he himself felt the
weakness of his position. The language quoted
by the Senator from the 38th and 43d chapters of
the Federalist, written by Mr. Madison, he re-
garded as having been entirely misunderstood or
misapplied in reference to this question. But the
Senator from New York looked principally to
legislative precedents and judicial decisions to sus-
tain him, and he, (Mr. B..) from the same author-
ities, had come to a directly antagonist conclusion.
He insisted that there was nothing in the ordinance
of 1787 to affect in any way the question of the
power of Congress to inhibit slavery in the Terri-
tories. Virginia was the uncontested proprietor
of the sovereignty and the soil of the Northwestern
Territory, and had the power to abolish slavery
m the Territory while it remained in her posses-
sion.' When she made the cession of the territory
to the United States, she transferred all her pow-
ers of sovereignty; and when Congress afterwards
recognized the ordinance of 1787 and its validity,
it affirmed no such power as had been assigned to
it by the Senator from New York, but merely
adapted that ordinance to the new form which the
government of the Territory had assumed. By
carryingout theordmance to the new States formed
out of that territory, it merely carried out the ori-
ginal understanding of the framers of the clause
concerning territory in the Constitution. He re-
garded the authority of these legislative precedents
vanished as the mist of the morning.
As to the judicial decisions, startled as he con-
fessed himseif to have been, by the great stress laid
on them when introduced, he was entirely relieved
on investigating the facts. The case of McCul-
loch vs. the State of Maryland had no bearing on
the question. That of the Cherokee Indians vs.
the State of Georgia was still nioie alien. In all
the judicial decisions quoted by the Senator from
New York, the principles for which he (Mr. B.)
contended, were sustained, viz: that the United
States had power to dispose of the soil, but not the
people of the Territories. They fell short entirely
of establishing the positions laid down by the Sen-
ator from New York.
There are three opinions prevalent on the sub-
ject of Territories:
1st. That Congress has power over the Territo-
ries to regulate all matters therein.
2d. That this power is in the Tenitorial Legis-
lature.
3d. That it belongs to neither Congress nor the
Territorial Legislature, but to the people of the
Territory until they reach a definite number.
To the fiist he replied that it was not so designed.
To the second, that it involved an absurdity, be-
cause it denied any power to the source from which
the Territorial Legislature derived all its own
power. It was the third which he desired, in the
name of his constituents, to present to the consid-
eration of the Senate. Congress unquestionably
had the power to organize a Territorial Govern-
ment, but it is a power subject to limitation. It is
not derived from any express grant, and must be
exercised in reference to the common rights of the
people of the Territory. Derived fiom the Con-
stitution, and not by specified grant for a particular
purpose, it must be limited. He referred to the
rule laid down by Vattel as to the rights of corpo
principle which applies to the common property of
a corporation was applicable to the Government*
the United States being a great corporation, and
the people of the United States the members, while
the soil of the United States is the common prop-
erty in which every citizen has a right to an equal
participancy.
Entertaining this view, he denied the power of
Congress to prohibit any citizen from taking any
portion of his property into any of theStates. No
citizen could be prevented from taking his prop-
erty into any State. There is no power in the
Government to enforce any such prohibition, nor
in the State governments to prevent any citizen of
another State from bringing his property with
him.^ The only ground on which the opponents
of this doctrine can make a stand, is that taken by
the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] that a
slave is not property. In answer to this, he con-
tended that the slave was as perfectly the property
of his owner, as is any other kind of property he
possesses. It is, to be sure, a qualified right of
property which he holds, because he is restrained*
from destroying or injuring this property. If a
master is entitled to the labor of an apprentice,
surely the owner of a slave has at least as good a
title to the labor of his slave. If an apprentice
runs away, he can be taken, or his master may
carry him with him into any other State; but this
will not apply to the slave and his owner, accord-
ing to the construction of many.
The property of the master in his slave is recog-
nized by the Constitution, and cannot be destroyed
by the action of any State. To show this, he
[ quoted from the Constitution. The proprietary
right of the owner in his slave is not only recog-
nized in the slave States, but even in those States
the laws of which inhibit slavery. To the argu-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut, that no
master could retain his slave after the latter had set
his.foot on board a vessel—when under the protec-
tion of the stars and stripes, he became free—Mr.
B. opposed the existence of the law to regulate the
transportation of slaves. He regretted that the
eagerness of those who opposed slavery led them
into so many errors of fact and argument.
Mr. B. then proceeded to ask, even if we had the
power to inhibit slavery, if it would be an act of
wisdom and prudence to exercise it? This ques-
tion he met with a direct negative. He answered
the various propositions put forth by the Senator
from New York as to the effect of an extension of
the slave population in increasing the race. The
ground of humanity was then entirely abandoned.
He defended the slaveholders from the imputations
cast upon them when their antagonists affected
such a holy horror of slavery. If these persons
were right, then (said Mr. B.) we who live in tho
midst of slaves must be mere outcasts from those
principles of humanity which they affect to feel.
Yet southern citizens are not behind their north-
ern brethren in the discharge of their civil and re-
ligious obligations, in the duty which they owe to
their fcllow-creatures and their God. He deprecated
the ignorance in which such erroneous statements
had their origin. He regretted that northern gen-
tlemen did not pause before they mingled these
falsehoods in the elements of their children's edu-
cation, to such an extent, that the rising genera-
tion grew up with a growing hatred of the institu-
tion and of those to whom it belongs.
He"descanted on the character and condition of
the slave—on the piotection which legal and moral
codes diew around them—on the attachment which
existed between the master and his slave—on the
affection of the white child to its black nurse, and
to the colored hoys with which it has sported in
the sunny hours of infancy.
He referred to the use of the existing prejudices
against slavery for political effect. He warned
Senators from the free States to abstain from pan-
dering to the spirit of demagogism, and entreated
them to stand still, ifot to touch the subject, but to
leave the institution free to work its own destiny.
He glanced at the dangers which threaten usfron^
any unwise interference. At this moment, when the
tsvo great parties are divided upon cardinal ques-
tions, a demagogue, mounted on the hobby ot free
soil rides in among us, and distracts both parties.
He appealed to the Democratic party to stand by
its principles laid down in the Convention at Bal-
timore, which maintained the impropriety of med-
dling with the question of slavery in the new Ter-
ritories. He was icacly to give in his adhesion tq
