THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR St RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 6,1848.
New Series No. 56.
Mr. TOMPKINS (the floor being yielded) rose
for the purpose of making a suggestion to his
friend from Arkansas. He was willing, under the
circumstances, to vote to the children of Colonel
Yell some bounty as an evidence of the gratitude
of the Government for his patriotic services and
his fearful sacrifice. His friend had remarked
that these children were without any parent—the
mother having been gathered to the tomb prece-
ding the time when the father fell a sacrifice in the
cause of h'is country—and also that thre estate was
greatly embarrassed. Now, he suggested whether
the resolution directing the payment of this money
to the legal representatives of Colonel Yell would
accomplish the generous object for which it was
intended ? Would it not go in with the other as-
sets and fall into the hands of the creditors, and
leave the children in want? He abominated the
maxim that republics are ungrateful, and was wil-
ing to show its falsity in this instance by voting
this bounty—for, after all, it must be considered in
the light of a bounty; but a bounty voted thus out
of gratitude for the services of the gallant and pa-
triotic father ought not justly to fall into the hands
of creditors, but should be secured for the benefit
of the orphan children, and be lodged for the pres-
ent in the hands of a guardian. He suggested to
the gentleman from Arkansas whether some such
modification of the resolution would not better ac-
complish the object with which it was moved.
Mr. JOHNSON replied that he did not urge the
measure as one of bounty, but of justice, and in J
accordance with the principles on which this House i
had hitherto uniformly acted. With regard to the \
suggestion of the gentleman from Mississippi rela- I
tive to securing the sum due the father for the ben-
efit of the children, he would state that the estate
of Colonel Yell was greatly embarrassed, and that
this sum of money would save the property from
being sold out at a heavy sacrifice, and leave to the
children the property.
Mr. TOMPKINS professed himself satisfied
with this explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON (continuing) said he had no
idea of making such a movement for the benefit of
speculators and harpies. To a man who would
even claim a debt from the estate under circum-
stances like these, he would not give his hand; he
would not associate with him. He would have
nothing to do with those who would press a claim
under such circumstances.
But he would call the attention of the House to
one more fact; and gentlemen who were members
of the last Congress would recollect it. When
Colonel Newton presented his credentials as a
member of Congress from Arkansas, it was a mat-
ter of grave consideration—as there was no evi-
dence before this House of the resignation oPColonel
Yell—whether Colonel Newton should or should
not be permitted to take his seat. He would say
further, that one of the Senators from Arkansas
came into this House and advised gentlemen on
this side of the House to make no opposition to it,
as it might be considered that it was, to some ex-
tent, thwarting the expressed will of the people of
Arkansas, and consequently no objection was made.
Yet it was seriously doubted whether Colonel New-
ton was entitled to his seat or not, as, although he
had the certificate of the Governor, there was no
evidence of the resignation of Colonel Yell. He
thought it must appear perfectly evident that Colo-
nel Yell was entitled to his pay up to the time that
the proclamation was issued by the Governor; and
he hoped no gentleman would object to its being
paid, if, after a full examination, it should be
proved.
Mr. COCKE, after recapitulating the facts of
the case, as he understood them, said, he was sure
no gentleman would object to paying what was due
to Colonel Yell as a member of the twenty-ninth
Congress. But this resolution was designed mere-
ly to cause an inquiry to be made to ascertain what
amount was due, and whether the seat of Colonel
Yell was vacated by his acceptance of a commission
in the volunteer service. He (Mr. C.) was not able
to determine that question; but he thought, if there
ever was a case where the practice of the House
56
could be justified in paying members who were not
in attendance, this was one of those cases. He
hoped there was no serious disposition on the part
of the House to reconsider this resolution; and be-
lieving the House was ready to vote, he moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr.SCHENCK asked the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to withdraw that motion, to give him an
opportunity to make some remarks and some ref-
erence to facts which occurred during the last Con-
gress.
Mr. COCKE consented, on condition that the
gentleman from Ohio would renew the motion.
Mr. SCHENCK said, no man could object to
pay what was due to "Representative" Yell, and
the amount due could be readily ascertained by the
Clerk; but this resolution had been pressed on
other grounds, which made it necessary to look a
little further into this proposition. It was not im-
probable that Colonel Yell received all that was
due to him as a member of Congress up to the time
he accepted his colonel's commission; and it was
well known that the question had arisen whether
he was entitled to his seat here after he became a
commissioned officer. He had no desire that Con-
gress should be inconsistent in its course, especially
toward one whom he had ever found a gallant, a
worthy, and a respectable man; but when a prin-
ciple was involved, such as that which this case
presented, he could not allow it to pass in silence.
He then referred to proceedings of the last Con-
gress in reference to the case of Colonel Baker, of
Illinois, who came here, remained one day, and
drew his pay as a member of this House, although
he had been absent in the military service m Mex-
ico, receiving the pay and emoluments of a colonel
in the army. He (Mr. S.) at that time offered a
resolution to institute an inquiry whether Colonel
Baker, being in the volunteer service, was entitled
to his pay as a member of this House. The sub-
ject was referred to a committee of this House,
and he remembered well that there were gentlemen
here who contrasted the conduct of Colonel Yell
with that of Colonel Baker. Colonel Yell, he be-
lieved, settled up his account to the day that he
retired from Congress, and no longer; whereas
Colonel Baker drew his per diem while he was re-
ceiving emoluments as an officer in the army. He
then read a series of resolutions which were report-
ed from a committee, but not acted upon by the
House at the last session, and briefly stated the
substance of the argument which the accompanying
report contained, and its conclusion that a colonel
of volunteers could notconsistently be a member on
this floor. He alluded also to some precedents of
an earlier date, and commented on the questions
involved at some length, and likewise on the pro-
ceedings had in the case of Mr. Newton, who suc-
ceeded Colonel Yell as a member of this House.
He said they should not mix up with this question
kind and generous feelings for a worthy man; they
were not to be guided in the discharge of their du-
ties by sympathy. Besides, if this resolution were
passed, it would not benefit the children of the late
Colonel Yell, for the amount that might be paid
would go to the deceased's general estate, and not
to the children for whom the sympathies of gen-
tlemen were excited.
Mr. RIC HARDSONexplained the present state
of the pension laws and their operation upon the
children of the deceased, in case of the death of
the mother.
Mr. SCHENCK spoke in favor of the reconsid-
eration.
Mr. RICHARDSON opposed it asunnecessary.
The matter would be referred to a committee as a
matter of course.
Mr. SCHENCK said the rights of the House
were involved, and he was unwilling to subject
those rights to the judgment of any committee.
The question involved the declaring of Mr. Yell to
be a member of the House at the same time with
Mr. Newton, and from the same district. In con-
sideration of his pledge, he renewed the motion
to lay on the table, but withdrew it at the request
of
Mr. PARAN, who took this occasion to press
the propriety of a law providing that the pension
which would accrue to the widow of a soldier who
perished in the service should, in case of the death
of his wife, go to his orphan children. As the
law now stood, if those poor children lost mother
as well as father, they were cut off from all the re-
lief intended, and cast on the cold charity of the
world.
Mr. COCKE stated that a bill had been prepared
to cover the very object, with many others, and
reported by the Committee on Pensions; but, owing
to debate on irrelevant subjects, it had not yet been
reached on the calendar.
Mr. SCHENCK, after some further remarks,
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which was agreed to.
So the reconsideration was laid on the table.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, previous notice having
been given, introduced a bill to surrender to the
State of Indiana that portion of the Cumberland
road lying within said State.
The bill was read twice.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, in explanation, stated
the present condition of the road. It had been
opened and partially graded through a great part
of the State; but it had now been ten years since
any appropriation had been made towards its com-
pletion, and it was falling rapidly into a state of
dilapidation. He knew personally of three bridges
upon it which had fallen down for want of repair;
! and unless something was done, in the course of
1 three years more the whole road would beimpass-
] able. It was now, in winter time, the worst road
| in the State. The people of the State had waited
long in hope of aid from the'Generai Government,
but they had now abandoned all hope from that
quarter; they did not expect to get a dollar more;
and, as the last remedy, they now asked that it
might be surrendered to the State, and in the course
of a few years they hoped to be able to complete,
if not the whole, a large part of it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked on
what conditions this work was proposed to be sur-
rendered to the State?
Mr. SMITH replied that the surrender in the
bill was absolute and unconditional. The reason
why the surrender differed in this case from the
terms on which other parts of the national road
had been surrendered to Ohio and Pennsylvania
was, that in those cases the Government had first
completed the road,but m Indiana it lemained in-
complete. The State did not, theiefore, enter into
any terms or conditions with the General Govern-
ment. The object was to get the State Legislature,
after the surrender, to divide the road and parcel
it out among different private companies, who
would finish it out of their own means. The State
was not willing to bind itself to complete the road;
it was a work too heavy for it to undertake.
Mr. McKAY asked some question not distinctly
heard by the reporter, but believed to have relation
to the terms on which the other parts of the road
had been surrendered, such as the obligation to
keep it in repair, &c. Why did not the same ob-
ligation apply in this case?
Mr. SMITH replied that the same principle did
not apply in this case, because the Government
had left the road in an unfinished state so long,
that it was falling into ruins. Not more than a
mile, or two miles, in different places, was finished;
1 the residue, from long neglect, had become the
i worst road in the State. If the General Govern-
i ment had delivered over the road in a finished state,
' then they might require certain corresponding con-
ditions on the part of the State receiving it; but
here they had done no such thing. In so terrible
a state of dilapidation was it fallen, in many places,
that it would require as much money to repair it as it
would to make it At novo. ■ All the State got by the
transfer, was the right, on a part of the line of
road, to cut the timber on the public lands for a
certain distance on each side of H, to aid in the
repair. Some parts of the road were a complete
morass. Many gentlemen must recollect the time
when Mr V&n Buren was completely swamped
