882
THE CONGRESSIONAL tJLOBE.
June 29,
in "the very middle of it. Mr. S. should bs glad
if the bill could be passed without delay; it was
obviously proper, and greatly needed. _
Mr. PIC KLIN concurred fully m the entire
statement which had been made by the gentleman
who had just taken his seat. He hoped, however,
the bill would be referred to a Committee of the
Whole, in order that he might move an amend-
ment providing for a like surrender to Illinois of so
much of the road as passed through that State.
Mr. VINTON said that this bill had now been
reported to the House for the first time: the prop-
osition was new. That portion of the line of road
which passed through Ohio, Virginia, and Penn-
sylvania had been surrendered to those States on |
certain specified conditions, and in a qualified man- j
ner only. One special condition was, the right on
the part of the General Government to resume the
jurisdiction and control of the road if the States
failed to keep it in repair. None of these condi-
tions, as he understood, were inserted in this bill.
The bill might be a very proper one, but he could
not consent to rush suddenly into definitive action
upon it, and dispose of an interest'which had been
a subject of discussion in Congress for twenty
years, on its first presentation. He wanted time
to examine it, to think about it; and he hoped the
bill would be recommitted, and with that view he
would move its reference to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. GREEN thought that if the general sys-
tem which had prevailed was now to be abandoned,
and the portions of the road which had been begun
were to be surrendered to the States in which they
lay, the State of Missouri ought to receive the two
per cent, on the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands which had heretofore been reserved for
making roads to and in that State; and he would
move, as an amendment to the motion of the chair- j
man of the Committee on Ways and Means, that
the Committee on Roads and Canals be instructed
to provide for paying to Missouri the, amount ol
that two per cent.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, was understood to say
that he concurred in the propriety of the amend- .
ment suggested by the gentleman from Illinois, j
He thought that State should enjoy a like transfer ;
as the bill provided for Indiana. It was due to :
all parties that this long-vexed subject should I
receive some final disposition, and that without \
delay.
The question was then put on Mr. Vinton s !
motion, and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
MONUMENT TO MR. ADAMS.
The orders of the day being called for, the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Accounts, in-
structing the Committee on the Library to procure
and cause to be erected, a monument of duincy
granite, with suitable inscriptions, in memory of
the late John Clnincy Adams, was announced as
the business first in order, to which was pending
an amendment moved by Mr. Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, directing the Committee on Accounts to
inquire into and report to the House the whole
. amount of expenses incurred for the funeral and
removal of the remains of Mr. Adams to Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, was entitled to
the floor.
Mr. GRINNELL appealed to the gentleman to
yield, and lie would move to lay the resolution on
the table, remarking that it was the present wish
of the delegation from Massachusetts that it should
so be disposed of, rather than that such a debate
should «o on as had ensued upon its introduction.
Mr. .JOHNSON refused to yield, and proceeded
at some lensnh to oppose the resolution, and to
condemn the"general piodigality of the contingent
expenses of both Houses of Congress, and other
Governmental expenditures.
Mr. WOODWARD briefly gave his reasons in
opposition to the resolution, and concluded by
moving to lay it on the table; which was agreed to.
BILLS READ AND REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions of the
Senate lyhi«- on*the Speaker's table were taken up
and read a first and second time, and referred to
appropriate committees: _ .
A bill to revive an act authorizing certain sol-
diers m the late war with Great Britain to surren-
der the bounty lands drawn by them, and to locate
others in lieu thereof.
A bill to provide for a survey of the mouth of
Red river, in Louisiana.
A bill for the issuing of patents for lands in the
State of Louisiana in a certain class of cases, and
for other purposes.
A bill to vest the title of the United States in the
purchasers of certain lands sold under execution
against Gordon D. Boyd.
A bill to promote the despatch of business in the
Supreme Court, and to repeal the second section
of the act approved June 17, 1844, entitled " An >
act concerning the Supreme Court of the United ij
States." . |!
A bill for the relief of Alfred White. ;i
A bill for the relief of Stalker & Hill. ![
A bill to relinquish the reversionary interest of ji
the United States in a certain Indian reservation in !
the State of Alabama.
A bill for the relief of George V. Mitchell.
A bill to confirm to the legal representatives of
Joseph Dutaillis the location of a certain New
Madrid certificate.
A bill for the relief of Samuel Grice.
A bill granting a pension to Bethiah Healy,
widow of George Healy, deceased
A bill for the relief of William B. Stokes.
A bill for the payment of Charles Richmond.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Adams & Co.
and others.
A resolution for the relief of such persons as
may have incurred the disability of the 28th sec-
tion of the act to change the organization of the
Post Office Department, and to provide more ef-
fectually for the settlement of the accounts thereof,
approved July 2, 1836.
A resolution for the relief of H. B. Gaither.
'A resolution to sanction an agreement made be- ^
itween the Wyandots and Delawares for the pur-
chase of certain lands by the former of the latter
tribe of Indians. <i
The following bill and joint resolution of the
Senate were taken up, read three times, passed,' ;
and returned to the Senate, viz: j)
A lull supplemental to the act passed on the 9th
! day of July, 184G, entitled an act to retrocede the
I county of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, !i
I to the State of Virginia. _ j
j A resolution in relation to the naval pension of ^
John McGarr. ]
The concurrent resolution of the Senate for ,
placing in the Library of Congress the portrait of i
Major General Baron de Kalb, presented by his |
surviving family, was taken up, read, and agreed j
to. . j
The amendments of the Senate to-the bill of
the House supplemental to an act to confirm the
survey and location of claims for lands in the State
of Mississippi, east of Pearl river, and south of the
31st degree of north latitude, approved March 3,
1845, were read, and the bill and amendments re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill making
' appropriations for the service of the Post Office
! Department for the year ending June 30, 1849,
] were read and referred to the Committee of Ways
ij and Means.
j! The House then proceeded to consider the Sen-
j| ate bill renewing certain naval pensions for the
i; term of five years, and extending the benefits of
ij existing laws respecting naval pensions to engi- i
ii neers, firemen, and coal-heavers in the navy, and to j
;! their widows, which was reported some days since j
!j from the Committee on Naval Affairs, with ail i
|| amendment. _ _ i
ji The question was stated on agreeing to the said
; amendment, when
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to commit
| the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
! of the Union; which motion was agreed to.
i
| CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
! The House then resolved itself into Committee '
| of the Whole oil the state of the Union, (Mr.
j Root, of Ohio, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
I consideration of the bill making appropriations for
i the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
i ment for the year ending June 30, 1849. \
| Mr. POLLOCK being entitled to the floor, ad- j
| dressed the committee in a speech of an hour's
j length, upon the evil consequences of the Mexi-
| can war, which he zealously charged upon the
I Democratic party. He denounced the veto pow-
er, and, in closing, made some remarks in favor of
the tariff of 1842.
Mr. FRENCH next obtained the floor, and
went into an argumentative 'speech on the subject
of slavery, and of the power of the General Gov-
ernment to prohibit it either in th# District of Co-
lumbia or the Territories of the United States, in
which he took very decidedly the negative aide
of the subject. When Mr. F. concluded, the floor
was obtained by
Mr. J. R. INGER.SOLL, who yielded to a mo-
tion by Mr. POLLOCK that the "committee now
rise.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, asked leave to
introduce a bill to alter and regulate the mileage of
Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, objected.
And then the House adjourned.
• PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
Bv Mr. TALLMADGE : The memorial of the heirs of
Colonel Seth Warner, for relief for levolutinnary services.
Also, the petition of John Frazer, for compensation for ser-
vices in the erection of the New York custom-house.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania : The petition of Robert
Morrison, who was a soldier in the first regiment of heavy
artillery, United States army, under General Brown daring
the late war with Great Britain, praying for relief.
By Mr. CHAPMAN: The memorial of William Brent,
Daniel Carroll, of Duddington, John S. Meehan, and other
citizens of Washington, asking an appropriation to remove
nuisances from the public grounds.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 29, 1848.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a me-
morial from citizens ofBoston,asking that Govern-
ment will survey the route of a railroad from New
York to Philadelphia; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a joint resolution au-
thorizing the submission of certain claims to arbi-
tration; which was read a first time.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported an act giving the consent of the
Government of the United States to the State of
Texas to eytend the eastern boundary so as to in-
clude within her limits one-half of the Sabine pass,
Sabine lake, and Sabine river as far north as the
32° of north latitude.
Mr. B. asked for the immediate consideration of
the bill, and briefly explained its character. The
boundary of the United States, it was known, em-
braced the Sabine river and lake to its western
shore. The boundary of the State of Louisiana
extended to the middle of the Sabine; so that the
half of the river and lake, to the western shore, be-
longed to the United States, and was not included
in the State of Louisiana; therefore, the bound-
ary of the State and that of the United States, was
not identical. The bill before the Senate gives the
half of the river beyond the boundary of the State
of Louisiana to the State of Texas, for the purpose
of enabling the latter to extend her criminal juris-
diction to the Louisiana boundary. There could
be no objection to the bill, and he hoped it would
now be passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of La., and Mr. DOWNS,
in behalf of the State of Louisiana, expressed their
acquiescence in the arrangement.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee of Claims,
; reported a ioint resolution for the relief of Richard
Field.
Mr. D. explained the circumstances connected
i with this resolution, and solicited the indulgence
, of the Senate to take it up and put it on its pas-
sage. The motion was agreed to, and the joint
i resolution was read a third time and passed.
! Mr. RUSK, on leave, introduced a bill to estab-
; lish the collection district of Brazos Santiago, in
i the State of Texas; which was read twice and re-
I ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
I [Mr. R. invoked the early action of the commit-
: tee on the bill.]
S Mr. HAMLIN, on leave, introduced a bill to
. make Bangor a port of entry for ships or vessels
i coming from and beyond the Cape of Good Mope;
> which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
' tee on Commerce.
