1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
88a
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to print
10,000 copies of the memorial of the Chicago Con-
vention, thai being the number printed of the me-
morial of the Memphis Convention.
Mr. J. explained that he had been guided in his
selection of the number of extra copies by the
course taken in reference to the proceedings on the
memorial of the Memphis Convention. The me-
morial was an able one, and as the one memorial
! carry this property, how is it that he can lose his
title to it? It is not so as to goods and merchan-
] dise, which are recognized and respected every-
[ where. You may carry your property where you
; please, but it must be subject to the jurisdiction of
;! the State where he selects his residence. This slave'
11 property is incident to a peculiar institution which
I! is permitted in particular States, but is not permit-
ted to exist in others/ If you take it into those
had been extensively circulated by Congress, he j States in which it is not permitted to exist, how is
 ] it  1 ,-J AUInnilrtn tn a o!vviiia p 11 if tr\ at nnrl acrflinut t.lift r\f Ifto-islat ion ?
presumed there would be no objection to a similar
circulation of the other. _ |
Mr. NILES objected to this loose mode which j
had crept, of late years, into our practice of circu- j
Sating, at the public expense, matter which did not I
legitimately belong to the proceedings of Congress, i
Mr. BUTLER also was opposed to printing |
the reports of irresponsible conventions. He had :
no doubt whatever .of the respectability of the ;
Convention, and the ability which characterized its j
proceedings, but he should be obliged to vote j
against the motion. i
Mr. BRIGHT moved to postpone the further j
consideration of the motion, for the purpose of pro- !
ceeding to the special order.
Some opposition being manifested, Mr. ALLEN
asked for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Alheiton, Borland,
B rail bit i v. Breese, bright, Butler, Davis ot Missis-ippj,
Dickinson, Dix, Dorlpe, Downs, Feleh, Foote, Hale, Hjirj-
!in. Hunter, Mason, Miles, Stuigenn, and Turney—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Baiter, Bell, ClarKe, Clayton, Cor,vin,
Davis of Massachusetts, Greene, Houston, JohnbOn of Ma-
ryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Phelps, Eusk, Spruauce,
Underwood, Upham, and Walker—-16.
OREGON BILL.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to establish
a Territorial Government in Oregon.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Davis,
of Mississippi, to amend the bill—
Mr. PHELPS.. ...
the debate commenced, to take any part in this de-
bate, which he regarded as dangerous; but he had
changed this purpose, in consequence of the points
which had been taken by Senators. He took a
view of the character of the Missouri compromise,
and stated that it was now asserted, that in the teeth
of this compromise, Congress has no power to
exclude slavery in any of the Territories of the
Umted States. It was now insisted that there was
in Congress no power whatever to interfere in this
question. Before lie could give his assent to this
new doctrine, he must be permitted to examine it.
He went on to say, that it was too late now to
setup this objection, because it was a question
settled by the legislation of the country from the
adoption of the Constitution to this day. The ac-
quisition of territory brought with it the power to
govern it. The power of Congress over it is un-
qualified and unlimited. If Congress possess the
general power of legislation m relation to Territo-
ries, it has the same power as the State Govern-
ments have over their territory. If tlieie are any
restrictions on this power, he called on Senators to
point out the clause in the Constitution which con-
tains them. There is no restriction, unless it be
one arising from the subject itself.
He admitted that all the powers of Government
are held in trust; but there is no analogy between
this and a common legal trust. No two things are
wider than a legislative power and a legal tiust.
the former involves a large amount of discretion.
The analogy drawn between the Government and
a corporation was well enough in principle, but it
had no application in this case. He examined the
character of slave property, which had lis origin
in domestic relations; it is merely an incident to
the relation between parent and child, and a still
closer incident to the relation between master and
servant; it is analogous to the relation between <
master and apprentice; it can exist nowhere where j
that relation does not exist. The right of the cm- j
zen to remove his property into any other State is t
fully admitted; but the citizen, when he removes
his property to another State, takes it there subject
to the local laws of that Slate. Does not this hold
good as to all property ? Tins is a species of prop-
erty which is not recognized everywhere as such:
the citizen can remove property which is every-
where recognized as such, but he has no right to
carry a peculiar kind of property , only recognized
us such ill his own State. If he has a right to
it to stand against the power of local legislation
But it is still further insisted that the South has
the power to carry its property into any other
State, and to hold it in defiance of local legislation.
Admit this, and the power is yielded to spread
slavery over any territory you may acquire; and
wherever the area of freedom is to be extended,
the standard of slavery must be carried with it.
Against this, he must enter his protest. Before
he could admit this doctiine, he must see the clause
which ties up his hands.
It had been said, the Constitution recognizes this
description of property. The Constitution speaks
of persons " held to service," but it is silent as to
their being property. He denied that what was
incident to a domestic relation, and ceased when
the institution ceased, could be regarded as prop-
erty. The regulation which binds master to slave
is confined to the State in which that relation ex-
ists, but cannot extend beyond it. But where did
southern Senators find the clause authorizing the
extension of this institution, by the introduction of
slavery in States whose local legislation is opposed
to it? The claim is asserted to introduce slavery
into Oregon: he would like to know on what basis
it rested. The master, when he takes his slave
j into a free State, emancipates him, whether he will
| or not. It depends not on his will, but on the local
laws of the State into which he has carried his
1 S He approved of the doctrine laid down by the
i umcuu u...  , British authorities, and by the free States, because
said it was not his purpose, when ,; the converse would place slavery above the insti-
tution of legislation.
Mr. BUTLER asked whether, if a slave were
seduced or stolen in a siaveholding State, and car-
ried into a free State, the person committing the
act would be punishable?
Mr. PHELPS said, that as the act would be a
crime against the la%vs of the siaveholding State, it
would be held as a crime everywhere; butwhether
the offender would be punished, might depend on
legal technicalities or matters into which he Would
not go.
If southern gentlemen laid it down that they
could not carry on their social system without
slaves, he requested them to cast their eyes over the
free States—Ohio and others—and to say if slavery
was indispensable to prosperity. He pointed to
the progress of the great western country, where
the institution of slavery had not penetrated.
Congress has the right to legislate on the sub-
ject, but whether Congress will assent to the intro-
duction of slavery in new Territories is a mere
question of expediency.
The people of Oiegon having formed a tempo-
rary Government, adopted a system of laws by
which slavery was prohibited. This clause recog-
nizes those laws, and the motion is to strike out
the clause. If we are called on to force the insti-
tution on the Territory, it may be well to look at
the consequences. If they are not adapted to the
institution, the institution is not adapted to them.
It is suited to a different region of country. Let
us not force it on them. If they are to have it,
! let them introduce it themselves when they have
1 giown up into greater power. We should let them
alone.
He disclaimed any desire to make a display by
going into the thousand and one stoiies some ex-
aggerated, and others without foundation with
which the Senate was entertained yesterday.^ He
did not intend to throw any reproach on the South
because of the existence of slavery. The people
of the South had received it from their ancestors.
He was willing to say, as far as his narrow obser-
vation had extended, that many of the slaves weie
much better treated than he previously had ex- ,, .... - a,a(Pg
pected. Still it was an evil—admitted to be such possession of Smtf,s '
pent up? Would gentlemen desire to inflict the
institution on other States? What was to become
of the slaves in the new Territory—were they to
enter them free or as slaves? The moral sense of
the age was against the institution—it was de-
nounced by the Christian world—everywhere it
was opposed. We had seen the overthrow of
aristocratic systems in Prance by the movement
of the masses, and in the midst of the ardor of
that revolution, slavery was put down. While
we are congratulating the French people on their *
success in putting down these aristocratic institu-
tions, we are ourselves extending this institution
of slavery to the new Territories we acquire. He
desired to see something like consistency in our
legislation. He regretted to see the spirit of ac-
quisition walking abroad through our country.
How long it may be before we shall lay our hands
on Canada and the West Indies, he could not tell.
But he hoped we should yet be consistent enough
to refuse to extend the evil of slavery to whatever
Territory may fall into our hands.
If the new ground taken, which violates the
Missouri compromise, be maintained, he foresaw
great difficulty and danger. The question in that
case never can, never will be settled. It can only
be settled by a withdrawal of the free States. He
would not have meddled with this debate, but his
silence was forbidden by a strong sense of duty.
Mr. MASON washed to address the Senate, and
would go on now, or wait till another day.
But the further consideration of the bill was
postponed till Monday.
FORTIFICATIONS.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
took up the bill making appropriations for fortifica-
tions for the year ending on the 30th June, 1849.
i Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the bill
1 by inserting an appropriation of $50,000 for the
! repair of the dam at the head of Cumberland Island,
! in the Ohio river, on which some debate ensued,
'in which Messrs. ATHERTON", CLAYTON,
j JOHNSON of Maryland, DOWNS, and DAVIS
I of Mississippi, opposed the motion, on the ground
! that a bill on the subject having already passed the
I Senate, and gone to the House, it was not proper
to insert the same bill in an appropriation bill,
j which would seem like an attempt to coerce the
House into an acquiescence of the measure. It
was also urged that to imbody this subject in the
fortification bill, was the introduction of irrelevant
matter, and might induce the President to veto the
1 Messrs. UNDERWOOD, BENTON, and
BELL defended the proposition, on the ground
that the bill which had gone from the Senate could
not be taken up in the House without a vote of
two-thirds in its favor, and was therefore in peril
i of being lost.
I The question was then taken, and decided as
. follows: _ . , , _
1 YEAS—Messrs Alien, Bell, Benton, Bright. Clarjce, Cor-
1 win, Hanm'«.m, Johnson ot Louisiana, and Underwood—9.
! NAYS Messrs. Atehi^on, AUuTton, Badger, Berrien,
' Bradbuiy, Butler, Cameron, Clayton, Davis of Mississippi,
j Dickinson, Dit, Downs, Felch, Hale,-Hamlm, Houston,
I Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, Mangum,
i Mason, Nile?, Phelp«, Si-bastian, Spruanee, Sturgeon,! ur-
! ney, Upham, and Yul^e—29.
i Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, then moved to
i strike out the clause making an appropriation of
1 $40,000 for building a sea-wall at Great Brewster's
Island.
Mr. DIX opposed the motion, as the appropria-
tion had been inserted by the sanction ofthecom-
, mittee, and was connected with the general plan
' for the completion of the system of fortifications.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, explained the
condition of Brewster's Island, on which the wa-
' ters of the ocean were making such inroads, that,
1 unless the sea-wall was built, it must be gradually
: washed away, and the entrance of the haruor by
! that channel entirely obstructed. The plan of the
Government was to erect a battery on the>
and the building of the sea-wall was the necessary
: preliminary step. . . ,
; Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said he was P
posed to making this appropriation -
'< sea-wall o„ an island winch yet in^the
by many southern gentlemen themselves; and he
hoped no favor v. ould be shown to an eifort to
extend the institution.
Gentlemen had complained that slavery was pent
up within a few States. Why should it not be
been ceded to the Dinted States.
Mr ATHERTON explained the propriety of
the appropriation,and stated that the State of Mas-
sachusetts was prepared to cede the island at any
time.
