884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 30,
The question was
then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Davis, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*. Allen, Atchison, Benton, Bright, Butler,
Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Downs, Felch, Foote, Han-
ne^an, Houston, Johnson ol Georgia, Mason, Sebastian,
Turnev, and Yulee—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Athertou, Badcer, Bell, Bradbury,Cam-
eron Clarke, Clayton, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dix,
Giee'ne, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Niles, Phelps, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Un-
derwood, and Upham—22.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to amend
the bill by inserting an item for fortifications on
Proctor's Island, Lake Borgne, §50,000.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
negative; and the bill was then read a third time
by unanimous consent and passed.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate went
into Executive session; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 30, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. "VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which wa3 referred the amendments
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Iudiau
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 3849; and to the bill making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
for the. year ending June 30, 1849, reported the
same back to the House, accompanied by a writ-
ten report.
The bills and amendments were committed to
the Committee of the Whole, and the amendments
and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. VINTON gave notice that he would ask
the House, on Monday next, to consider the
amendments of the Senate to the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar. Disagreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The House then, on motion of Mr. VINTON,
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
. bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year end-
ing June 30,1849.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL spoke his hour on
the subject of a proposed change in the character
of our diplomatic agents abroad, a proposition
having been foreshadowed which looked to an
elevation of our ministers to foreign courts. The
office of an ambassador, he said, was inconsistent
with our republican institutions, and the salary
and outfit of $12,000 each was greater by one-
third than was paid to the highest office or func-
tionary m connection with this Government, except
only the President himself. He discussed the
whole subject, and gave utterance to his inflexible
opposition to the changes that were proposed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, addressed the
committee on the general topics which constituted
the Presidential controversy.
Mr. BOCOCK followed, and discussed the same
subjects, but more particularly that of the power
of this Government over the territories recently
acquired, in the course of which he stated his
opinion to be, that this Government could create
slavery in those territories if it should be its pleas-
ure to do so.
Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts, next obtained
the floor, and addressed the committee duiing the
hour. He confined himself to the simple ques-
tion as to the power of the General Government
over the new territories, and of slavery theiein.
[The above speeches will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS next obtained the floor, but gave
way for a motion to rise; and the committee rose
accordingly and reported progress.
ORDNANCE CORPS OF THE ARMY.
Mr. FULTON asked the general consent of the
Houseto makea motion todischarge theCommiUee
of the Whole from the bill to extend the provisions
of existing pension laws to enlisted men of the ord-
nance corps of the United States army. Objected
to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE. ^
Friday, June 30, 1848.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from the
Medical Society of New Jersey, asking for a law
respecting theappointmentof inspectors to examine
adulterated drugs; which was laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas W.
Chinn and others, accompanied by a report. The
bill was read a first time.
Mr. CLARKE, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Moses Shepherd, accompanied
by a report. The bill was read a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT asked and obtained leave,
by unanimous consent, to bring in a bill respecting
the employment, by the Postmaster General, of
public steamers to carry the mail along the coasts
of the United States; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Seert tary of War repoit to the Senate
whether oi not a fortification atPioetor's Landing, on Lake
Borgne, Louisiana, is not neces>ary tor the defence of New
Orleans, and jf neccssary, what sum is required to com-
mence the work.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office arid Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route fiom Newnarisvdle to Orange Springs,
via Madi&onburg, Florida.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, That 10,000 additional copies ol the report of the
Secretary of War, and the report of Lieutenant Emory
communicated therewith, be punted for the use of the Sen-
ate, and that the s.tid copies, as well as those already print-
ed, be bound in nuulm.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate took up the
bill to repeal the act of 2d March, 1837, entitled
44 An act concerning pilots."
Mr. DIX said, Mr. President: On a former oc-
casion I said to the Senate all I desire to say in
relation to the legal questions involved in this bill.
I shall not therefore repeat what I said then, or
entef into any new assignment or discussion of
objections arising out of the powers of Congress
over the subject of regulating pilotage in the States.
But I am constrained by the remarks which were
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Davis,] and the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Miller,] to enter into a somewhat detailed history
of the pilot question in New York. I regret that
I am compelled to do so, because it has become,
in some degree, a dissension between classes, in-
volving private interests; and these are always
subjects which I wish to avoid, when I can do so
consistently with my duty to the public.
I have stated heretofore that the pilots of New
York, in 1836, had entered into an agreement to
share equally their joint receipts, and that this com-
bination had led to a relaxation of their accustomed
vigilance in looking out for vessels and taking them
into port. In consequence of some disasters which
occurred, the public attention was called to the
defects of the system of pilotage existing in New
York. In the annual message of the Governor of
the State, on the 3d January, 1837, he brought the
subject before the Legislutuie. On the following
day select committees were appointed in both
branches. On the 11th of February, a bill was
reported by the chairman of the select committee in
the House of Assembly; and after a very thorough
discussion in committee of the whole, the bill was
reported to the House by a vote of 91 to 7, on the
8th of March. It was subsequently read a third
time and passed by a vote of 85 to 5. In the Senate
the bill was received on the 14th of March, referred
to the select committee of that body, and reported
with amendments which were concurred in; but in
I consequence of the pressure of important business,
| it was not passed until the 6th of April. I state
| these facts to show the deliberation with which the
I Legislature of the State of New York acted on this
| important question. The number of pilots was
i increased, a careful system of examination was
I established, combinations were guarded against,
and all the known and alleged evils of the system
were provided for by appropriate remedies, or
remedies at least which were considered appropriate
and effectual.
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Datis,]
in his remarks, seemed to assume that the New
York pilots of 1848 are answerable for the act 
of those of 1835 and 1836; and the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Miller,] who followed him*
made some allusion to them which appears to
warrant the same inference. But if those gen-
tlemen will consider how rapidly the lapse of years
is thinning the ranks of their own friends and as-
sociates, they will not be surprised to learn that
the great enemy has been busy with the pilots also.
Of tl^e sixty pilots following the business in 1837,
there are but twenty-nine now engaged m piloting.
More than half have perished at sea, died on
shore, or become disqualified by age for the ardu-
ous service in which they were engaged. The
number of New York pilots holding branches un-
der the laws of the State, is eighty; and of these,
fifty-one have been appointed since the State law
of 1837 was passed. Whatever responsibility,
therefore, belongs to the pilots of 1836, has, for
the rrlost part, gone with them to be met at a higher
tribunal than this. I state these facts that the Sen-
ate may understand why it will be proper to deal
with systems and not with men.
The haste manifested in passing the act of Con-
gress of ]837, of which we ask for the repeal,
stands in strong contrast with the legislation of
New York. Let me recite the facts as briefly as
possible.
By the Senate Journal of 1836-7, it will be seen
that a resolution was introduced on the 12th of
January, by Mr. Tallmadge, of New York, in-
structing the Committee on Commerce to inquire
into the expediency of legislating on the subject
of pilots on the seacoast, with power to report by
bill or otherwise. This resolution was adopted.
The Committee on Commerce consisted of the
following distinguished gentlemen: Mr. King of
Alabama, chairman, Mr. Davis of Massachusetts,
Mr. Linn of Missouri, Mr. Brown of North Car-
olina, and Mr. Ruggles of Maine. The commit-
tee, though they had ample time for deliberation,
never made a report on the resolution.
On the 28th day of February, the last day of
the month, Mr. Wall, of New Jersey, introduced
a bill on notice. It was instantly read the first and
second time, reported to the Senate, and immedi-
ately read a third time—the work probably of as
much time as 1 take to give the details.
But, sir, it is necessary that we should accom-
pany the bill through all the stages of its course.
It was received in the House on the 28th of Feb-
ruary, the day it passed the Senate, (House Jour-
nal, page 552,) and on the next day received its
proper number of readings, and passed. On the
2d of March it received the President's signature,
and became the law of the land.
Nor is this all. The subject had been referred
to a committee in the House early m that session.
The committee made an elaborate report on the
22d of February, and asked to be d.scharged from
the further consideration of the subject. In the
face of this proceeding, the bill was passed, and in
the summary way I have stated.
It is as renmikable a specimen of the despatch of
business—business involving a question of consti-
tutional power, and bringing in its train collisions
between individuals, and classes, and Stales—as
can be met with. It was humed, or rather rushed,
through Congress, almost at the last hour of its
session—indeed, almost at the last hour of its ex-
i istence.
| I have heretofore told the Senate that the Legis-
i lature of New Yoik, after becoming satisfied that
I the act of Congress operated injuriously on the
1 pilots of that State, and after waiting eight years
j for its repeal, came to the conclusion to repeal her
i own laws regulating pilotage by way of Sandy
i Hook, the great outlet and inlet for the foreign
commerce of the country, providing only that the
pilots then licensed should continue to be pilots.
It has been alleged that the New York pilots were
applicants to the Legislature for repeal. This is a
mistake. They appealed to the Legislature of the
State to—
"Tiyand determine whether the aforesaid art of Con-
cre^s does or does not transcend the legislative power ot tile
Fedeiai Government, and wheihei tUe dels exeiciscd under
its sanction and under the authority ol tite laws of the btate
of New Jersey by the citizens of that State, are or are not m
