1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
violation of the sovereignty of the State of New York, and
•in contempt of her laws."
It is true, they acquiesced in the repeal of the
State laws, and desired it as an alternative, if they
could not procure the repeal of the act of Congress.
The latter object was always what they sought.
Failing in it, they -consented to the repeal of the
State laws—-a measure proposed by the mercantile
interest. The pilots believed it would place them
on an equal footing with the pilots of New Jersey.
It was under this view of the subject, that the New
York pilots, on consultation with the mercantile
interest, the Chamber of Commerce and Board of
Underwriters, consented to it. Such appears to be
the fact from the petition to the Legislature, and
the deDate on the bill. It was supposed that it
would open a fair field of competition to them and
the New Jersey pilots, and that their fitness and
industry would be the measure of their success.
As soon, however, as the State laws were re-
pealed, the chamber of commerce and the board
of underwriters organized a board of commission-
ers to examine pilots and give them certificates.
Nor was this all. They pubhsheda notice, which
I will read, calling on the ship-masters not to re-
ceive a pilot unless he could produce a certificate
from them or the State of New Jersey:
" Itls recommendel that no vessel receive a person a*
pilot except 011 his producing a certificate signed by the above
board, or those issued under authority of the State of New
Jersey."
This measure was a virtual proscription of the
New York pilots, unless they would consent to
receive the certificates of this irresponsible board,
and acknowledge its authority. It was not to be
supposed that they would discredit the licenses
they held under the laws of the State by receiving
the certificates of a board organized without any
legal authority whatever—certificates, which couid
confer no authority on those to whom they were
given. Was it reasonable to expect them to do so?
Certainly not. They possessed m the State licenses
the highest warrants of authority. They required
nothing more: they should not have been asked to
take less.
Though the Chamber of Commerce and the Board
of Underwriters have no legal control over the sub-
ject of pilotage, their actual control is very great.
They represent, and indeed wield, the commercial
influence of the city of New York. The ship-mas-
ters are subject, in a great degree, to that influence,
and hence the recommendation had in many cases
the efficacy of a command. It was literally warn-
ing the public against employing the New York
pilots, though trained from their youth to their vo-
cation, unless they, holding the State authority in
their hands, would consent to receive certificates
from an irresponsible board having no legal power
to grant them. What was the effect? Was it to
break up a monopoly—the great evil of which the
public complained? The New York pilots were
eighty-two in number; the New Jersey pilots seven-
teen; and the merchants' board, as it is called, soon
after these regulations were published, granted cer-
tificates to sixteen persons. If the recommenda-
tion had been acted on, the whole pilotage of the
city would have been given to thirty-three persons,
and eighty-two persons would have been excluded
from all participation in it. But it was not gener-
ally acted on. With all the weight it carried with
it, the New York pilots continued to be, and are
still extensively employed, though, as I shall show,
they have felt severely llhe effect of the invidious
distinction which has b&en made between them
and others.
I will now proceed to state in detail the conse-
quences which have tesulted from the act of Con-
gress; for it is to this act that all the difficulty
which exists is to be traced.
1. There has not been a fair competition. The
ship-owners, who represent a considerable portion
of the active commercial capital of the city, have
contributed to make it unequal. In the first place,
the regulation I have quoted has had its influence.
The New York pilots are passed by, and the New
Jersey and merchants'pilots, as they are called,
are employed in preference; not because the latter
are more competent, but because they are consid-
ered as preferred by the mercantile classes, on whom
the ship-masters are often dependent for employ-
ment. The injustice of the regulation is more dis-
tinctly seen in a practice which has grown up
under it, and become very extensive, of taking a
vessel brought in by a New York pilot out of his
hands, and giving her to a New Jersey or mer-
chants' pilot to take out.
It may be proper to say that in every State, of
which I have been able to examine the laws, and
in which those laws are passed with a view to
equality, a pilot bringing in a vessel, or a pilot be-
longing to the same boat, has the privilege of taking
the vessel out. The reason is obvious. The in-
ward pilotage is often hazardous and laborious.
Vessels are sometimes boarded two hundred miles
at sea. Pilots are often out a week or ten days in
pursuit of them. They are to be brought into port
in all weathers. But the outward pilotage is al-
ways easy. Vessels go to sea in fair weather only.
The pilot takes his charge a few miles from shore,
and leaves her. There is no labor, no hazard, and
but little responsibility in it. Nothing can be more
unjust, more repugnant to every principle of fair-
ness and liberality, than to take from a pilot a
vessel he has brought in, and give her to another
to take out. It is in fact only by taking a vessel
out, that a pilot can be compensated for the labor
of bringing her in. Accordingly, this privilege is
usually secured by law. The laws of Massachu-
setts, for instance, provide that the pilot who
brought in a vessel (or one belonging to the same
boat) is entitled to take her out. In like manner
the laws of South Carolina provide, that " every
( pilot taking a vessel in, has the exclusive right to
' take her out," except in case of misbehavior, &c.
Let us see what has been the operation of the
system in New York since the act of Congress
passed. That act authorizes a pilot from New
York or New Jersey to be employed to pilot a
vessel to or from New York. It leaves it optional
with the master of a vessel to employ the same
pilot who brought in a vessel, to take her out, or
to employ another pilot; and here the regulation
of the Chamber of Commerce and the Board of Un-
derwriters come in, recommending him to employ
no pilot not certified by their board or licensed by j
New Jersey, excluding the eighty New York pilots. |
The consequence may be readily seen. 1 hold in i
my hand several lists of vessels broughtin by New |
York pilots and given to New Jersey or met chants5 :
pilots to take out again. The names of the vessels
are given as well as the time of the transactions.
There is also a list of vessels taken out by{the mer-
chants' pilots, which they did not bring in. This
list is furnished by the secretary of the board of
commissioners, and is under his own hand. The
pilotage on these vessels amounted to §3,033 53,
and must have been taken from the New York
pilots. There are in addition, lists of 148 vessels
taken from the New York pilots during a portion
of the years 1846 and 1847, and given to other
pilots to take out again. Even these lists are not
complete. There were numerous cases which were
omitted for want of precise infoimation. The
average pilot fees for each vessel are estimated at
$25. They are probably a little more—certainly
not less. At this rate, the amount taken from the
New York pilots on the vessels above mentioned,
and .by violating a rule of universal justice, is
$6,688.
These facts are proved by unquestionable evi-
dence. In the year 1844, before the merchants'
pilots were appointed, it appears by a " remon-
strance of the underwriters of the port of New
York," Doc. No. 60, House of Representatives,
1st session 29th Congress, that the New York
pilots broughtin 1,992 vessels, and tookout 1,610—
a difference of 382, the pilotage on which must
have amounted to £9,550. By the same return it ;
appears that the New York pilots, 81 in number, |,
piloted in and out 3,602 vessels, or 44^ vessels each j
pilot, giving them, at$25 per vessel, $1,112 50 each, j
to pay the expenses of their boats, and maintain j
their families on shore. It also appears that the |
New Jersey pilots, 17 in number, piloted m and |
( out 1,131 vessels, giving them, at §25 per vessel, '■
| $1,663 23 each, or $"550 73 each more than the New
| YoHc pilots. A very considerable portion of this ;
j difference is owing to the open manner in which |
; the New York pilots have been discouraged by the 1
! board of commissioners. !
i I have stated these facts, Mr. President, in jus-
! tice to the New York pilots, who have been charged
: by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,]
! and the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Miller,]
with sinister motives in coming to Congress to ask
for a repeal of the act of 2d March, 1837. I have
felt it due to them to show that they are laboring
under a serious disability, and are the objects of a
most invidious distinction under the operation of
this act.
But I proceed to other considerations.
2. One of the great complaints against the sys-
tem in force previous to 1837, was, that pilots
would not go to sea in search of vessels, but waited
at Sandy Hook to receive them. This evil has
been remedied; but it has been followed both by
inconveniences and injustice, which, perhaps, fully
counterbalance it. I will first state the inconveni-
ence. Pilots now go far out to" sea in quest of
vessels. It is not an uncommon thing.for a pilot
to present himself two hundred miles from New
York. Now, there is no particular advantage in
this. It may be safely said that no vessel requires
or wishes a pilot at a greater distance than twenty
or twenty-fi ve miles from Sandy Hook. If a pilot
gets on board a vessel one or two hundred miles
from New York, he does not take charge of her.
She is ordinarily given to him when she comes in
sight of land. It is not every pilot who is capable
of taking charge of a vessel out of sight of land,
and carrying her into port. The consequence of
the present over-active competition is, that the pilot
boats go to sea, vessels constantfy pass them, and
on reaching Sandy Hook they find no pilots. At
the very place where they are most wanted, they
are often not to be found. I shall refer to an hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] to
know whether, on arriving: at Sandy Hook in the
Great Western, that vessel was not detained be-
cause no pilot could be found. I will read some
notes from the log-book of the United States light-
ship off Sandy Hook, showing that it is a very
common occurrence for vessels to arrive there and
be detained for want of pilots. There are over
seventy cases on the abstract of the log-book,
which I hold in my hand; and in addition, the
I captain of the ship states on one occasion that
t there was "a large number of vessels in sight
! wanting pilots;" on another, that " several ves-
! sels near us want pilots," and that there were
I many other cases which he saw himself, and of
1 which no entry was made in the log-book. While,
: therefore, the active competition in piloting has
corrected one evil, it has produced another.
And now, sir, I will state the injustice of the
system. Under the laws of New York and New
Jersey, and I believe under the laws of most other
States, if a pilot boards a vessel beyond a certain
distance from the land, he is entitled to 25 per cent,
in addition to his established fees. In New York
this distance is some fifteen miles outside of the
Sandy Hook light. This is called off-shore pilot-
age, and was intended as a compensation for the
extra labor and inconvenience of the pilot. When,
there was a legally-established system, it could be
exacted. Now it cannot, and ship-owners and
masters knowing this, refuse to pay it. This re-
mark is not of universal application, but the prac-
tice is becoming very general. It is believed that
four-fifths of the'vessels refuse to pay the off-shore
pilotage. They are willing the pilot should go one
or two hundred miles to sea, but they are unwilling
to pay him the customary addition to his fees. If
he presents himself, the first question is, " Do you
charge off-shore pilotage?" And if he refuses to
give it up, the ship refuses to take him. Or if no
bargain is made with him, he is required to deduct
it when the vessel goes out, or she is given to an-
other person. Under such a system he has no
le^al security either for just or liberal treatment.
"3. The active competition which has grown out
of the existing system, and which would have
grown up without the act of Congress under the
! State law of New York, has not had the effect of
! securing commerce against shipwrecks and other
: disasters. I very much doubt whether they have
i been at all diminished in number. The cases of
the Mexico and the Bristol were extraordinary
1 occurrences. They happened at on inclement sea-
' son, and even if the old system had been contm-
, ucd, such disasters might not hive occurred again
; in half a century. Since that time there have been
shipwrecks equally disastrous, except in the loss
' of life. Some of the property in the Bnstol and
' .Mexico was saved, and the deaths winch occurred
in the Mexico were not from drowning, but from
i frost, the passengers, who were emigrants kavmg
been driven to the deck m a winter s night of un-
! PTholddin'my hand a list of 220 vessels stranded,
! run aground, or wrecked, from April 1S39 to
] March 1846—seven years—all under the new sys-
