886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
tem. Of this number, ovei 30 were a total loss,
and*22 were engaged in foreign commerce. Some
of these shipwrecks were of a most distressing
character on account of the loss of life with which
they were attended. The ship John Minturn, for
instance, went ashore on Squam Beach, about fif-
teen miles from Sandy Hook—the captain and his
family, the pilot, and thirty-eight others, having
perished together, and the ship and cargo were
totally lost. On the score of properly, it was
probably a heavier loss than that of the Bristol or
Mexico.
I have another list of 111 vessels stranded, run
aground, or wrecked, from February, 1846, com-
mencing where the other list terminated, to the 14th
January, 1848—say two years. Of this number,
24 were a total loss—a large increase in the ratio
compared with former years—and nine were en-
gaged in foreign commerce. In the first seven years
above-named, the vessels totally lost amounted to
nearly five per annum. Duiing the last two yeais
they have been twelve per annum—more than
doubled, though the increase of the commerce of
the city has been in a much larger proportion.
I state these faets to show that security to prop-
erty and life has not increased under the existing
system, whatever opinions may be expressed to
the contrary. It is true, I have not been able to
make comparisons with the period preceding 1837
for want of data. There is, however, an account
by Captain Earl, who was adduced as a witness
against the New York pilots, and who stated, in
1835, that'he had enumerated, from memory, 39
vessels totally lost within a "few years." The
number of years is left to conjecture; but, upon the
most unfavorable supposition, the loss could not
have exceeded that of the last two years.
I have also felt myself called on to make this
statement to meet the declaration of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] that
" shipwrecks in the neighborhood of that harbor
are almost unknown"—a declaration which he
would not have ventured to make, if he had taken
time to investigate the facts with his usual care and
discrimination.
From what I have said it will be apparent that
the whole control of the subject of pilotage is in
the hands of the ship-owners and ship-masters,
without legal regulation. The master of a vessel
may take any pilot he pleases—he may bargain for
the amount of pilot fees—he may, after having
taken a pilot two hundred mites at sea, when
coming in, give his vessel to another pilot to take
out. The pilot himself has no security either that
the customary fees will be paid him, or that he will
have the preference in taking out a vessel he has
brought in. He is, in fact, wholly dependent on
the ship-owner or ship-master. Is this right?
I believe, Mr. President, that the best systems
of pilotage are those which are under the most
rigid regulation. The defect of the system in New
York is, that there is no law, no systematic govern-
ment or rules. Nor can there be while a master
of a vessel is allowed to take a pilot from two dif-
ferent States. It is impossible to enforce prohibi-
tions or commands in one State, when there is a
competition between different classes holding war-
rants or licences from two separate authorities,
neither of which is responsible to the other.
The Chamber of Commerce and the Board of
Underwriters have,by establishing rules themselves?
confessed the necessity of legal regulation. They
have no authority to enforce the rules they have
adopted, and those rules are not enforced. They
fixed the rates of pilotage according to the standard
established by the Jaw of New York, which had
been repealed; but these rates are not uniformly
paid. The pilots are constantly obliged to take
less in order to obtain employment. Pilots are
required to board the nearest vessel under a penalty
of $50; but there is no power to enforce the penalty.
The commissioners are authorized by the regula-
tions to impose fines; but it is a perfectly nominal
authority. Off-shore pilotage is allowed by their
regulations;.but vessels, as has been seen, in most
instances, refuse or evade the payment, because
there is no legal authority to cxact it.
If a pilot otfers his services to the eastward of
the white buoy, about three miles from Sandy
Hook, and is refused, he is entitled to half-pilot-
age; but it is never paid because the commission-
ers had no power to make such a i egulation. T hey
have no authority whatever. Their regulations
are a dead letter. All the control there is rests
upon the commercial influence wielded by the com-
missioners and the ship-owners.
1 believe this state of things to be radically wrong.
The reasons for subjecting the business of pilotage
to legal regulation seem to me urgent and unan-
swerable. Let n?e advert to a single one. The
entries and clearances of foreign vessels at New
York exceed 1,100 per annum. They are entirely
dependent on a judicious system of pilotage for
their safety. The regular traders may know the
pilot boats, and sometimes may make selections;
but foreign vessels,. without this knowledge, will
naturally take the first pilot that presents himself.
They can have no knowledge of his qualifications;
they are entirely at his mercy; and it is only by a
proper system of regulation, under an undivided
authority, that we can do justice to the vast for-
eign commerce which centers in the city of New
York. The act of Congress is the only obstacle
to the establishment of such a system. If it were
repealed, 1 am entnely satisfied that a system could
be adopted, in concurrence with the mercantile
classes, which would meet the views and interests
of all, and secure every public object.
But, to pursue this point a little further, the
New York merchants are not the only parties in
interest. New York is the centre of commerce
of the whole Union. Foreign countries, as I have
already shown, have also a deep interest in the
matter—an interest which we have no right to
subject to the control, without law, of a single
class. It is due to the country that the system of
pilotage for the great emporium of the Union
should be made efficient by judicious regulation,
instead of being thrown open to unrestrained com-
petition. The interests at stake are toojmportant:
not property alone, but human life is concerned.
I am not aware that there is any commercial coun-
try which intrusts the business of piloting to open
competition. It is one of the few matters in which
regulation has always been deemed indispensable.
Sttongly impressed as I am with the importance
of fleeing commerce and navigation, as far as pos-
sible, from all shackles and lestrictions, I cannot,
on the fullest reflection, bring my mind to the con-
clusion that pilotage should be without law.
But there is another consideration. Those who
now control pilotage in New York to a great ex-
tent, have an interest adverse'to the pilots. Their
interest is to have piloting done cheap. Bargains
are irequently made, and the pilot is compelled to
take less than the customary rates—less than the
rates fixed as reasonable and just by the Chamber
of Commerce and the Board ot Underwriters. The
tendency of this state of things is to drive the best
pilots into other employments, and to introduce an
inferior class of men m their place. And from the
best judgment I have been able to form, I cannot
but think, that if this state of things continues'
until the present stock of well-trained pilots pass
olf the stage, New York, instead of having pilots
equal to the best in any country, will have the
worst.*
1 am not quite certain, Mr. President, that the
interest of insurers is so very dccidedly in favor of
the highest degree of security to property afloat
as the Senator from Massachusetts supposes. In-
surance is regulated by the hazards. The rates
are high when the hazard is great, and they are
low when the hazard is small. Now, 1 believe it
may be said with safety that the rates of insurance
rise in a ratio higher than that of the increase of
hazard, and that the profits of insurance are great-
est when the security is least. I speak in respect
to the operation of principles, arid not in respect to
motives of action; and only for the purpose of ex-
I * Since making this speech, I have seen a notice m the
| New Yoik papers, winch is amjeAed:
j u Notice to Ship-mc&ters.—The Board of Underwriters of
I this city have resolw.d to rewvc tlie piactice of examining
I the conduct of the masters of vessels wrecked or meeting
I with senous dis«t>ters without extraordmaiy cause, occa-
sioning los* to tut, inembeis of the Board ; and mat pending
each examination and suspension, no n ks> are to be taken
on ve^&ela in chaise ot such masters.
u Notice is also given, that information has been commu-
nicated to the Board tlnit seveidl &'iip-masters have recently
entered this poit without pilots, and others with p^r.-oiis
pretending to be pilots, who were incompetent. The Board
requests masters to act witn greater cate for the future, as
the insurance companies wiil iiold parties to a strict account-
ability for omitting to take a pilot, and also for taking an in-
competent pilot. JXo. S>. TAPi'AN,
'• seuetury Board oj Underwriters of Netv Korfr."
Nothing can more clearly show the defectiveness of the
existing intern ttian this notice, or prove nioie conclusively
the truth of what 1 have said.
plaining why a very defective system of pilotage
mi<rht exist without prejudice to insurers.
The Senator from Massachusetts has said that
the mercantile interest generally is in favor of the
present system, and he intimates pretty strongly
that there is not a merchant in New York who is
not opposed to the repeal. Now, I can assure the
Senator that the memorials from New York ask-
ing for the repeal of the act of Congress, signed by
some five thousand persons, contain the names of
several highly respectable merchants, besides a
large numherof ship-masters and ship-owners. I"
can also assure him that I have conversed with
some of the most respectable ship-masters who
sail from New-York, and who believe the present
system tends to degrade the pilots, and to render
life and property insecure. It is no doubt true that
the merchants generally are opposed to the repeals
1st, for reasons I have stated-, and 2d, because it
has been industriously circulated by interested per-
sons that the object of the repeal is to establish the
old monopoly. The Senator from Massachusetts
twice said so, and I regretted to hear it. He has
been deceived. There is not a shadow of founda-
tion for the charge. It is this belief which has
produced so much hostility to the repeal, and 1
regret that my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts should have fallen into so gFeatan error. Let
me state a few facts.
The New York pilots assented in 1846 to the
creation of a board of commissioners of three per-
sons, one to be chosen by the Board of Under-
writers, one by the Chamber of Commerce, and
one by themselves, to regulate the whole business
of pilotage. They offered to take into the asso-
ciation of pilots ail those now licensed by New
Jersey and the merchants' pilots, if found qualified
on examination. This proposition contemplated
a repeal of the act of Congress and the establish-
ment of a system of pilotage by State legislation-
The agent of those two bodies was understood to
give his assent to it in this city, and I supposed
the matter would be satisfactorily adjusted. But
on his return to New York they refused to accede
to it. The pilots agreed that the mercantile inter-
est should have two to one of the commissioners,
a complete control, provided they could have legal
regulation. Under the existing system this inter-
est has the control without legal regulation. This
is the issue joined between the parties. The New
York piiots desire no monopoly. They do not
ask even for control. They ask only legal pro-
tection for rights universally acknowledged to be
just.
The Senator from Massachusetts also stated as
his belief, that the papers in his possession showed
no persons connected with the shipping interest of
the country, except the pilots, desired the repeal
of the act of Congress. I have shown this to be
a mistake. I might go on and say that two sover-
eign States have complained of it as injurious to
great public interests. But if it were true that
none but the pilots desired the repeal of the law,
would it be a reason why Congress should turn a
deaf ear to their appeal? May not any individual*
or any class of individuals, fairly appeal to Con-
gress for protection against the operation of its
own enactments, when they are oppressive or in-
jurious to the party appealing? I have always
supposed it to be the peculiar duty of Congress to
see that, in the enactment of laws, individual rights
were not injuriously affected. The only sfuesuors
is, how far those rights shall give way to great
public interests. And, sir, I insist that, on the
application of the pilots alone, asking for the repeal
of an act which has proved oppressive to them, it
would have been the duty of Congress to look
into the facts, and to grant the prayer of the peti-
tioners, unless high public considerations rendered
it improper. But, as I have already said, the
pilots aie not the only complainants. Numerous
and respectable classes of citizens unite with them;
and the Legislatures of two States remonstrate
against the act of Congress either as oppressive or
as injurious to the public interest which it is de-
signed to secure.
I cannot dismiss this part of the subject without
saying that I entertain for the merchants of the
city of New York the highest respect. In enter-
!i prise, intelligence in commercial matters, and in an
;j honorable discharge of their pecuniary obligations,
|: they are unsurpassed by any class of men in this
!| country or any other. When I took my seat in
ii this body, it was with an earnest desire to contri-
