1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
887
bute my humble efforts to the promotion of the
commercial interest of the country, which I thought
had not received all the notice to which it was en-
titled; and it is to this subject more than any other
that I have devoted myself. I shall continue to do
so. But in this matter of the pilots, I am constrained
to differ from what seems to be the general opinion
among the merchants of New York. And yet I
am entirely satisfied that if we understood each
other, there would be little difference between us.
I do not think the great body of the merchants
have looked into the subject critically. I have in-
quired of many of them why they were opposed
to the repeal of the act of Congress; and I have
received the same answer in every case—" because
we are opposed to the recstablishment of the old
monopoly." And when I have rejoined, that I
was equally opposed to such' a measure, that I was
in favor of placingthe whole subject of pilotage
for the city of New York under legal regulation,
and leaving the administration of the system in the
hands of the Chamber of Commerce and the Board
of Underwriters, their representatives, I do not
recollect an instance in which they have not ac-
quiesced in the propriety of the suggestion. What
I have insisted on is legal control, to be exercised
by those who have a practical knowledge of the
subject. But I am unwilling to leave it even in
their hands without legal control—if for no other
reason, because there is no power to enforce pro-
per regulations, or punish their infraction. And 1
do not hesitate to say, if the merchants will look
into this question, that there will be a general con-
currence in the propriety of the measure I propose.
It is possible I may be deceived; but if I am—if
they shall continue to differ with me in opinion—
one assurance I shall still retain, that they will do
me the justice to believe 1 am actuated solely by
what I consider the true interests of the eity and
country at large.
One word in conclusion. My suggestion in re-
spect to a system of pilotage in New York is this;
1. A board of commissioners of three persons, one
appointed by the Chamber of Commerce, one by
the Board of Underwriters, and one by the pilots,
who shall have power to examine and license all
persons desirous of acting, as pilots, and to super-
intend the administration of the system generally.
2. A classification of the boats, to include those of
New York, New Jersey, and merchants' pilots,
with all the persons now belonging to them, who
shall be found competent, and an assignment of the
boats, in turn, to three descriptions of service, viz:
cruising out of sight of Sandy Hook, within sight
of the light-house, and in the vicinity of the Hook.
This will correspond substantially with the station
system at Liverpool, and will at all times insure
to vessels arriving at the city of New York, com-
petent pilots, under legal regulation, and under the
supervision of the mercantile interest of the city.
The first step towards the establishment of such a
system is a repeal of the act of Congress, without
which it cannot be placed upon such a footing as
to insure its efficacy.
Mr. DAYTON expressing a desire to make
some reply, the bill was, by common consent,
laid over.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill for the
relief of Frederick Dawson, James Schott, and Eli-
sha Dana Whitney.
The bill being under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, described the
character of the bill. The claimants made a con-
tract with the Government of Texas to build six
vessels, carrying sixty-two guns, which were to be
paid for at the rate of §336,000, if paid within one
year after delivery of the vessels, or #550,000 in
sterling bonds of Texas, bearing interest, or a still
larger amount, in the event of failure in the terms
stated. The vessels were delivered according to
contract; but no part of the purchase money had
ever been paid, although the whole revenue of
Texas, from imports or any other source, was
pledged for the payment of the amount. He show-
ed that the revenue of Texas was amply sufficient
to have redeemed the pledge. To prove this, he
went into numerous minute details.' The debt of
Texas, at the time of annexation, exclusive of this
debt, was only $650,000; and to this is to be added
$560,000 due to these claimants. A law was passed
authorizing the funding of the debt, and about a
million was funded, when that law was repealed.
This claim of $560,000 is the whole of the debt of
Texas, for which she pledged the duties which
might accrue, from time to time, from her imports,
the million funded resting on the usual obligation
between debtor and creditor. He gave a history
of the annexation of Texas, the treaty entered into
stipulating that the United States would pay the
debt of Texas, specifying the debt due to these
contractors as included, and the fact that this treaty
had not been ratified. Had that treaty been rati-
fied, and had annexation been effected by that
mode, we should have been spared the war with
Mexico, and, what is still worse, the agitating
question which now convulses the Senate. The
conjunction between Texas and the United States
was completed by a resolution, m which no provis-
ion was made for the payment of the 'debt. But
Mr. J. referred to the language of the President in
the instructions to the minister of the United States,
to show that it was the intention of our Govern-
ment to agree to any arrangement which might be
suggested for the payment of her debt. Texas
then surrendered her sovereignty and her revenue,
relying on the honor of the United States. The
question now was, not whether weare bound to pay
the whole debt of Texas, but if we are not bound
to pay this debt? The debt would not have existed
but for annexation. He regarded the United States
Government as bound, by every consideration of
honor and justice, to pay this claim, as the very
property for which this claim is made has fallen
into the hands of our Government.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, by common con-
sent, the further consideration of the bill was then
postponed.
The following bills were considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and were read a third time
j and passed:
1 A bill for the relief of Charles M. Gibson,
i A bill for the relief of D. A. Watterston.
I A bill for the relief of Columbus Alexander and
Theodore Barnard.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Moses White.
A bill for the relief of the heir of John Wall, de-
ceased.
A bill for the relief of Mary Taylor, commonly
called Polly Taylor.
A bill for the relief of James C. Carson.
A bill for the relief of David Wilkinson.
A bill for the relief of Stalker & Hill. [This
was the House bill, and an order was adopted, in-
structing the Secretary to apply to the House for
the return of the Senate bill on the same case,
which had passed some days since.]
A bill for the relief of H. Fredieu, M. Vercher,
C. Sanmiguel, N. P. Gagnon, V. Caubarreux, and
F. Harbo, of Louisiana.
A bill for the relief of William W. Wynn.
The following bills were laid on the table, sim-
ilar bills being before the Senate in another form:
The bill for the relief of David Myerle.
The bill for the relief of Colonel Robert Wal-
lace, aid-de-camp of General W. Hull.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 1, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The joint resolution of the Senate for the relief
of Richard Fields was laid before the House, read
twice, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HUNT suggested that, by general consent,
the committees be called for reports.
The SPEAKER stated that if that suggestion
were acquiesced in, the first subject m order would
be the report of the Committee on Commerce on
the Chicago Convention memorial.
Objections were made by Messis. PHELPS and
i| FICKLIN.
!] Mr. KAUFMAN urged the House to take up
11 and act upon the business on the Speaker's table,
; among which was the engrossed bill to establish
, Certain post routes.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
I the House resolve itself into Committee of the
'i Whole on the private calendar. Lost: Ayes, 54,
• noes 65.
The House then, on motion of Mr. YINTON,
, resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
ii state of the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the
il chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. VINTON said he had already given notice
that he should to-day call up the Indian appro-
priation bill, that the amendments proposed to
it by the Senate migfyt be taken up and acted
upon.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired whether
the Committee of Ways and Means had concurred
in the Senate's amendments?
Mr. VINTON replied that the committee were
ready to as^ree to some and disagree to others.
• Mr. JOHNSON then expressed his hope that
that bill might be suffered to lie over until the be-
ginning of the week. It contained one provision
in regard to the Indian agencies in which his State
was very deeply interested, and on which he de-
sired a little time to prepare himself to address the
House.
Mr. VINTON expressed a willingness to do
anything to oblige the gentleman from Arkansas,
which was not inconsistent with his duty; but he
went on to explain the position of this and other
appropriation bills, and gave reasons why he must
oppose any delay.
Mr. JOHNSON earnestly remonstrated, and
Mr. McKAY coming to his support, and Mr. Mc-
CLERNAND suggesting that all the amendments
were not printed, it was finally agreed not to call
up the Indian bill at this time, but to suffer the
debate (which was limited to two o'clock on Mon-
day) to proceed on the
dVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. TOOMBS spoke through his hour, taking
for his thame the " Platform" of the Democratic
Nominating Convention held at Baltimore m May
last, on every section of which he commented with
some severity, designating it as a document that
was fraudulent in its purposes, being intended to
deceive the people.
Mr. McCLELLAND replied elaborately to the
speech of Mr. Stewart, of Pennsylvania, deliv-
[ ered a few days ago, in which General Cass was
I charged with having received extraordinary com-
| pensation for his services as Governor of Michi-
: gan and superintendent of Indian affairs many
years ago. In the course of his speech he yielded
the floor for a few minutes to Mr. Burt, who
made some brief explanatory observations in de-
fence of General Cass.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, next obtained the floor,
and yielded to
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, who wished
to say a word with reference to the charge made
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
of the lieutenant-general bill having been carried
through this House by corruption.
Mr. TOOMBS said that he had stated the fact,
that it was at first unanimously laid on the table,
but, when brought up again, it was rejected, and
finally that it was passed; and that many who first
voted against it, and afterwards voted for it, were
now receiving the. rewards of office.
I Mr. THOMPSON wished the gentleman to
1 name the persons.
Mr. TOOMBS said, if the gentleman himself
! was personally concerned, or if he spoke forothers,
; he would do so.
; Mr. THOMPSON said he could speak for him-
! self. Fie was influenced by no such considera-
i tions in his vote for the bill. The gentleman, in
his opinion, had aspersed all the members of the
last Congress who had changed their vote on this
subject.
For the purpose of setting the matter right, he
wished to allude for a moment to the facts. The
bill was reported by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and was laid upon the
table without a dissenting voice, because no ques-
; tion was raised—no point was made. He himself
was dissatisfied with it, and, the very next day,
had moved, m Committee of the Whole, the ap-
; pointment of a lieutenant general. It was voted
down—S4 to 120; and he saw no one who had
changed his vote and who had received office.
Afterwards, when th^ bill was sent in from the
Senate, Mr. George W. Hopkins, who had pre-
viously voted against it, was recorded as voting in
its favor; and he supposed the character of Mr.
Hopkins was so high that the gentleman could
hardly intend to asperse him; and if he did, it
would be of no avail.
Mr. TOOMBS said that 'every man who voted
1 for the bill changed his vote. When it was first
