888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
reported by his colleague, [Mr. Haralson,] it was
unanimously laid on the table. ^
Mr. THOMPSON denied that where no division
was made upon a question, gentlemen could be
considered as committing themselves.
Mr. COBB resumed the floor, and remarked that
he had risen to address the committee without the
slightest premeditation; but at the same time upon
a question such as he proposed to consider, in his
opinion, any elaborate preparation was hardly
necessary. He proposed to follow the example
set by his colleague [Mr. Toombs] this morning,
and discuss party politics at large. Not only in this
House, but in the party press of the country, there
were some new and dangeroos doctrines put forth
by the Whig party. During this debate a distin-
guished gentleman on the other side of the House
had not only attacked the platform on which the
Democratic party professed to stand in thecommg
campaign, but had denounced everything like
party organization. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stewart,]—in reply to whom he
should say very few words, in consideration of
the feelings of mercy raised in his heart towards
the gentleman by the remarks made by the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. McClelland]—the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had advanced the
sentiment, (which seemed to meet a very general
response on the part of his party in this House
and throughout the country,) that the time had
arrived when party organization should be laid
aside; when men should be elected to the highest
office in this Republic irrespective of all party con-
siderations; when the people of the Union should
assemble on the day of election and deposit their
votes unbiased by party influences. He desired,
with the utmost kindness, courtesy, and good feel-
ing, to inquire into the sincerity of these declara-
tions. He desired to know whether his opponents,
in placing themselves upon this ground for the ap-
proaching election, had deliberately assumed it in
reference to the principles on which it rested, or
whether they were acting with direct reference to
mere party purposes. Were they honestly op-
posed to party organization ? Beyond their pro-
fession, where was the evidence of it? Whence
had originated parties in this country ? Who were
the fathers of party organization ? Look to the
history of the best and purest men of the Republic.
Go back to 1800, when Thos. Jefferson, at the head
of the Republican party, and Alexander Hamilton,
at the head of the Federal party, arrayed their op-
posing principles, and the people rallied around the
standard which their hearts approved. From that
day to the present, when, in the history of the
country, had party organization been thrown aside?
What was party? Was it a mere catch-word,
used to delude, deceive, impose upon the honest
people of the land? or was there something in that
word, of principle, which comfnended itself to the
intelligence and integrity of the country? What
was party? It was an association of men organ-
ized to carry out great fundamental principles in the
administration of the Government. Did Thomas
Jefferson, in the organization of the Republican
party, in opposition to the principles laid down by
his great compeer, Alexander Hamilton, and had
the people of this country, one and all, from that
day to the present, been blundering along in error,
when, throughout the Union, and in every county
and township, those who agreed in principles had
associated themselves together for the purpose of
carrying those principles into the administration of
the Government? This was what he understood
by party; and this met the denunciation of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House. What
would we do if we abolished parties in this coun-
try? What was the test, the inquiry to be made
respecting him who was presented by his friends
as the individual suitable to fill the highest office
in the Republic? If one asked for his principles,
he was told that he was a partisan! If one asked
what was to be the policy of his administration, he
was told that he was engaged in party warfare!
Aside from the principles on which the Govern-
ment was to be administered, (and these constituted
the basis of party organization,) what was a man to
do in the executive chair of the United States?
He would have but one purpose to accomplish in
the eyes of those who were opposed to party or-
ganization, and that was, to distribute the loaves
and fishes of office. He called upon gentlemen on
the other side of the House, who went before the
people of this country with the cry of, Down with
party organization, down with the only organiza-
tion which secured the perpetuity of our institu-
tion—the only organization which exacted from our
rulers the healthful and right administration of the
Government upon the principles on which they
were put into office,—to know if this was their issue,
if it was their policy to break down these long-
settled principles of action both on the part of the
Republican and Federal party, of all parties that
had existed throughout the history of our Govern-
ment and every Government.
But he would proceed one step further. How
did this cry of no-partyism comport with the his-
tory of the party to which these gentlemen be-
longed? When, in the history of the country, had
they denounced party organization ? When before
had they said that it was inconsistent with the true
principles of government, violative of the Consti-
tution, derogatory to the character of freemen?
Look at the spirit of proscription which had
marked the career of the Whig party from the
very inception of its power to its termination by
the people, both in the Federal and State Govern-
ments. Where were the men in the Democratic
party who had been retained or placed in office by.
their opponents when in power? Where was the
evidence, that when power had been lodged in their
hands by their hues and cries before the popu-
lace, they had disregarded all party considerations
and applied the test of qualification alone to men
who desired office ? The scene that had occurred
at the organization of this House at the commence-
ment of this session, small though it might be, was
big with the expression of their conduct. Where
was the monument of Whig clemency to be found
among those who had previously held offices in
this House?
Mr. PENDLETON, (in his seat.) The post-
master.
Mr. COBB. Yes; and the gentleman came very
near being read out of his party for voting for him.
There was the monumentof Whig clemency which
was followed by the expulsion of his friend from
the Whig party almost. Party organization, party
movements, were they opposed to? They pro-
fessed to be horrified at the very word party, and
yet their history was marked by the blood of Dem-
ocrats sacrificed for mere opinion's sake, when-
ever the Whig party had come into power! Gen-
eral Harrison was elected, it was professed, upon
no-party principles. Read the history of the three
months, administration of the Government under
his cabinet. [Several voices: thirty days.] He
spoke of his cabinet; they remained longer. Did
they turn nobody out of office for opinion's sake?
Did they apply no party screws? Did partisan
devotion during the canvass not commend men to
their support, and were not Democrats, scores and
hundreds of Democrats, carried to the block simply
because they were members of the Democratic
party? Who denied it here, in the face of high
Heaven and before the country? Gentlemen all
well remember the celebrated remark of Mr.
Granger, then Postmaster General, that the guillo-
tine had scarcely gone into operation. More "men
were turned out of office in sixty days than had
been during the whole pieceding administration;
and he said he only wished that he could have
remained in office a short time longer, and he
would have cut off fifteen hundred heads more!
And yet the Whig party had now come out with
the cry of no party, and in opposttion#to party i
organization. |
He now came to party platforms, which seemed j
a favorite theme with his colleague, [Mr. Toombs,] :
who had argued the question with his usual ability
and ingenuity. What was a party platform ? An
avowal of principles. Was it anything more ? A
I man was presented to the people of the United
i States as the candidate for a responsible office: was
| it right or wrong that the people should know what
1 were his principles ? That was the question. If
: a man was intrusted with the highest power known
! to the world—the guardianship of the interests of
this great people—he was required by the Consti-
j tution to recommend measures for the action of*
j Government. The Constitution placed in his hand
! a power to be exercised to protect and guard it, as
; well as the great rights and interests of the people
j under it. Honest and intelligent men were told
| here to-day that the man thus selected by a party
convention ought not to be held responsible for the
| principles laid down by his party; that he ought
1 not to be asked to define any for himself; and that
the party ought not to be required to make any
avowal of principles. For what, then, would they
elect him ? Were the people of the country called
upon to vote fpr General Taylor, and shut their
eyes to all that was to be done under his adminis-
tration, if perchance he could be elected, until he
should, in his inaugural, make a proclamation of
his principles? Was he to be brought forward by
the party Convention, constituting the talent and
intelligence of the party, as he apprehended it
would not be denied, and were they to go forth to
their respective places of abode, and ask the peo-
ple to give him their cordial support, telling Jhem
only that he was a good Whig, that he would ad-
minister the Government on Whig principles?
What did that mean ? Was it consistent that the
Convention should refuse to lay down a platform,
and yet that every Whig orator from the stump
should endeavor to convey the .impression, that in
the event of General Taylor's election, their prin-
ciples were to predominate in the administration
of the Government? There was a reason for it.
It was npt found injustice or principle, or an hon-
est regard for the intelligence of the country. If
the Whig Convention agreed upon the principles
on which the Government was to be administered,
why did they not say so, and define them ? If
they disagreed, why did they not say to the peo-
ple, we differed on vital questions, and therefore
we intrusted the decision of them to an individual
in whose honesty and integrity you may have con-
fidence ? Was it an original idea or an old practice ?
Was this the first time the Whig party had refused
to establish a platform upon which to rally through-
out the Union? It was a new idea, got up for
the occasion, made to order, to suit the emergen-
cies of the case. This same party, in 1844, assem-
bled m Baltimore, and nominated a President and
Vice President; but then these intelligent, patriotic
gentlemen, who were now so horror-struck at the
very idea of a platform, set themselves busily at
work, and by the aid of the congregeted intelli*
gence of the Whigs there assembled, brought forth
and placed before the country a Whig platform, on
which they rallied in that contest. He had it be-
i fore him. His colleague, who had addressed the
I committee with so much earnestness this morning,
i was a member of that Convention. Why had not
! his eloquent voice been raised at that time against
| this system of platforms ? Why was it heallowed
I his party, around which his affections clustered
! with so much warmth, to fall into that great Demo-
j cratic error of an open frank avowal of principles?
I In the council of the Whig ranks, no one was hst-
i ened to with more interest or more heeded. If he
] mistook not the records of Whigery, his colleague's
i eloquent tones were heard in behalf of Clay and
Frelinghuysen, perhaps, too, of the platform of
1844. Now the platform flashed before his mind
and filled his whole system with a tremor, and he
had concluded that the great Whig party, of which
he was so honorable and efficient a member, could
never so condescend as to erect a platform and
make the Democratic effort to catch and deceive
the people. No, that was not the reason. In 3844,
| the Whig party nominated the man who was the
| imbodiment of their principles, of whose principles
! they were proud, and who they said, if elevated to
! the Executive chair, would stand upon the Whig
| platform in the administration of this Government.
I The imbodiment of Whig principles then received
: a unanimous and enthusiastic nomination at the
i hands of his party, and from one end of the Union
j to the other, the Democratic party was taunted
i with the declaration that they had no principles,
; except opposition to those of the Whigs. Where
! were those glorious Whig principles? Condemned
; by the people; doomed to an ignominious grave,
i to sleep the sleep of death, by the verdict of the
: nation. What higher compliment could be paid to
! the integrity of the Democratic party than this ad-
mission formally made by their opponents, that
Whig principles could not, ought not to be gal van-
I ized into life? The Democracy in 1844 had said,
Down at our feet, and the people had placed them
there. Whigery in 1848 had abandoned them, and
■ came befoie the country with no avowal of princi-
' pies. Was not this the faithful and honest pic-
1 ture? The facts were familiar to all, and he thought
;■ there were gentlemen on the othersideof theCham-
| ber, who would agree with him as to the course of the
Whig party, both in reference to their " imbodi-
,, ment" and their principles. Was Henry Clay less
ii deserving of the popular support in 1848 than in
