1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
891
a little surprised at the course of his. colleagu?.
The officer who had placed the flag in his hands,
had said nothing on the subject, and if there was
any wrangling for the honor among subordinates,
he would not stoop to mingle in it. He did not
expect that there existed any misunderstanding
between the commanding officers. He should be
found as ready to defend the reputation of Gen-
eral Quitman, whenever a proper occasion offered
itself, as any man; and he should feel great grief
if anything took place to ruffle a single plume in
his wreath of renown. The fame of this distin-
guished man, and of others who had performed a
conspicuous part in the late war, he was willing to
hand over to the historian; and he would not wish
to be numbered among those who desired to make
political capital out of it.
Mr. BUTLER said it was natural for military
officers to be jealous of their fame. He rose mere-
ly to state a fact which he had from good author-
ity. In the midst of the fire, General Gtuitman
mounted the edifice, and displayed, not a flag, but
a handkerchief. He then called for a flag, which
was brought, and that flag was the Palmetto flag
of South Carolina.
Some further discussion took place between Mr.
FOOTEand Mr. DAVIS, which became at first
warm and then personal in its character.
Mr. BORLAND explained, from his own ob-
servation, the details of the fight, and awarded the
credit of raising the first American flag to General
Cluitman.
Mr. DAYTON said, when the flag had been
first presented by the Senator from Mississippi, he
thought it a matter of at least questionable propri-
ety, deeming as he did the proper place to have
been the War Department, and he should there-
fore move to lay the subject on the table; which
motion was agreed to.
THE WASHINGTON GA.S-LIGHT COMPANY.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to incorporate the Washington Gas-Light
Company.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the bill by adding another section, giving the citjs*
authorities wholesome control over the company,
as to location, &c.; which was agreed to, and the
bill was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Gamaliel Taylor, late marshal of the State of
Indiana,and his securities; which, having been ex-
plained and advocated by Mr. B., was ordered to
be engrossed, and was subsequently read a third
time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND,.the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to allow pay and sub-
sistence to certain Arkansas and other volunteers
who have been prisoners in Mexico.
This bill, having been explained, was ordered to
be engrossed, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
Mr. UPHAM asked the Senate to take up the
bill for the payment of the fourth regiment of the
second brigade of the third division of the Vermont
militia, for services at the battle of Plattsburg. The
bill, he thought, would give rise to no debate; it
had already been passed three times by the Senate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT wished to have a general under-
standing that the question should be taken on the
Oregon Territory bill on Tuesday week.
Mr. WESTCOTT was opposed to anything
being done until the treaty with Mexico was re-
turned, when all relating to the territories newly
acquired could be settled.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Say Wednes-
day week, by which time the treaty will doubtless
be here.
Mr. BRIGHT assented, and it is now the un-
derstanding that the question will be taken on that
day, should the debate have terminated.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 3, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. BURT asked the unanimous consent of the
House to allow him to move to discharge the Com-
j mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union from
the bill to .increase the efficiency of the regiments
and corps of the army, and to provide for disabled
and infirm officers.
Mr. McKAY said that that was a very import-
ant bill, and h? desired to discuss it in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. BURT moved to suspend the rules to ena-
ble him to move to discharge the committee from
the above-mentioned bill. Agreed to, two-thirds
voting in favor thereof.
Mr. BURT, to save the time of the House this
morning, proposed that the bill lake its place on
the Speaker's table to come up in its order. He
should then be glad to meet the gentleman from
North Carolina on its merits.
This suggestion was acquiesced in, and the bill
went to the Speaker's table.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was ordered that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet
on Wednesday next.
REVOLUTIONARY TROPHIES.
Mr. COLLAMER, by leave, introduced the fol-
lowing joint resolution:
Resolved, That two brass field-piece5? capturpd from
the enemy at the battle of Bennington, m the State of Ver-
mont, in 1777, now in the possession of the United States, be
immediately well mounted uuder the direction of the Secre-
tary of War, arid delivered to tiie Governor of the State of
Vermont, to be hereafter holden as the property of said State.
The resolution having been read a first and sec-
ond time—
Mr. COLLAMER addressed the House to the
following effect: Mr. Speaker,- a motion has now
been entertained that when this House adjourns, it
will adjourn to the 5th instant, and this is, there-
fore, for all the practical pui poses of this House,
the 4th of July. I therefore take this as a fitting
occasion to present this resolution. I am sensible
that the House has little of time or patience to
i listen to a subject to them of so little interest or n$-
: portance, and i will therefore state, as concisely as
j possible, the history of the two field-pieces men-
: Uoned in the resolution, and the claim of Vermont
to the same.
In 1775, before the declaration of independence,
and immediately after the commencement of hos-
tilities with England, the people of Vermont, then
called The New Hampshire Grants, captured the
fortresses of Ticonderoga and Crown Point, and
therein took one hundred and thirteen pieces of
cannon, six mortars, and three howitzers, good for
service. These all passed into the service of the
United States, and the people of Vermont have re-
ceived therefor no compensation. This constitu-
ted the basis of the artillery with which the war of
the Revolution was achieved. In 1776 little but
disaster attended the American arms. In 1777
General Burgoyne entered the country, from Can-
ada, with his imposing army of invasion, the best-
appointed and best-furnished army, though not the
largest, ever landed in America. He captured Ti-
conderoga, opened the whole northern frontier,
pushed forward to the Hudson, and spread con-
sternation through the country. It should, how-
ever, be remarked that he had some proper appre-
ciation of Vermont. In the published journal of
his expedition as it advanced will be found this
entry of General Burgoyne: "The Hampshire
, « Grants, in particular, a country unpeopled and
i 4 almost unknown in the last war, [-that is, the old
1 i French ivar,] now abounds in the most active and
| 4 most rebellious race on the continent, and hangs
| < hke a gatheringstorm#upon my left." There was
■ a depot of provisions at Bennington, in Vermont,
1 and a detachment of Burgoyne's army under Col.
: Baum was sent to capture it, and upon this de-
i tachment this gathering storm burst like a tornado,
i Sir, I wish it remembered' that no United States
| troops were present. It was the people of Ver-
mont, assisted by their neighbors ot New Hamp-
I shire under the gallant Starke, and a few bold
I neighbors from Berkshire, Massachusetts, who
j overthrew this army under Baum, behind their log
| breastwork, and captured over seven hundred men,
i besides the killed and dispersed; and then it was
1 that they took these two field-pieces. Did they not
! belong to that people ? But, sir, they were wanted
1 by the country. They were taken down to the Hud-
I son, and constituted a part of the artillery in the
; battles of Beamis's Heights and Saratoga, which
! resulted in the capture of the whole British army.
I They have been retained by the United States ever
! Since. Sir, the expenses of Vermont in the Revo-
lution have never been settled, or a, dollar of them
repaid. Their efforts at Ticonderoga, at Hubbard-
ton, at Bennington, and even those of last war,
when Vermont rose in, mass and went to the rescue
at Plattsburg, have never been adjusted or a dollar
paid therefor by this nation. All I now ask is,
thut you return to Vermont these two field-pieces,
which you have kept seventy years, and now, hav-
ing worn 'out their carriages, you have, thrown
them agide as valueless, outside your arsenal; and
there, sir, you may now see them, neglected and
corroding, but there is chisseled on them the pre-
cious memento that they were captured at Ben-
nington, 1777. This Government regards them as
of no value. May we have them? Will you re-
mount and return therji? To us of Vermont they
are invaluable. We will put them in the vestibule
of our granite capitol, and they shall be kept
bright, in patriotic, filial, and grateful remembrance
of our fathers' valor. Again I ask, may we have
them ?
The resolution was then read a third time, and
passed unanimously.
Mr. STANTON" asked that the House, by gen-
eral consent, discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the consideration of
Senate bill to enable and authorize the accounting
officers of the treasury to audit and settle the ac-
counts of certain acting officers therein named.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, objected.
Mr. STANTON then moved a suspension of
the rules for the purpose indicated. Disagreed to;
two-thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Mr. GAINES moved the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved* That the papers on file in relation to the claim
of the legal representatives of William Vawtors, deceased,
bt reftrred to the Secretary of War, that that claim may be
settled under the act of Congress of July 5. 1832, if it is em-
braced by that law ; and if not, that he may report to this
House the facts of the case.
Mr. FRIES moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to move a resolution to rescind the re-
solution closing the debate in Committee of the
Whole at two o'clock this day on the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. Lost; two-thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. MclLVAINE moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer a resolution directing
the Committee on Printing to inquire into the ex-
pediency of printing 10,000 copies extra of the
report accompanying the bill to establish an Indian
Territory west of the Mississippi river. Lost.;
two-thirds not voting in the affirmative.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION'S.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic, ex-
penses of Government for the year ending June 30,
I849-
Mr. FLOURNOY spoke out the residue of his
hour, and compared the two candidates for the
Presidency in relation to the positions which they
had assumed, to the advantage of General Taylor.
He spoke of General Cass's extreme party policy,
and maintained that the excitement now existing
in the country on the subject of slavery was created
by Democratic ultraism. General Taylor, he as-
serted, was really Democratic, but perfectly safe
and conservative, and under his administration the
Union itself would not be endangered.
Mr. WOODWARD, of South Carolina, fol-
lowed, and argued the constitutional question in
relation to the power of the General Government
over the Territories.
Mr. PRESTON addressed the committee on the
position of the exciting slave question and the
means of settling it, and on other questions which
parties had brought into the approaching contest.
He was interrupted by the expiration of the time
' allowed for debate, without finishing his argu-
ment. ,
[The above speeches will be found m the Ap-
pendix.] , ,
Mr. VINTON said, he understood there were
many amendments to be offered to this bill. The
Committee of Ways and Means had amendments
to offer, and there would be a great number sub-
mitted by gentlemen individually. He therefore
,, suggested, that as it was impossible to dispose of
:j the^cml and diplomatic bill to-day, and as the
[| House would not sit to-morrow, the committee
