1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
893
form, which was not precisely as Mr. Stevenson
represented it, just broad enough to contain the
whole Democratic party, but none beyond it, but
which in some parts was wide enough to admit all
parties. He referred to the celebrated Kane letter
which circulated so generally in Pennsylvania, and
expressed a conviction that it had its origin in the
same brain in which was engendered the Baltimore
platform. He held in his hands two copies of the
life of General Cass, printed at the Congressional
Globe office, price fifty cents per hundred, identi-
cally the same up to the last page, one addressed
"North," and one "South." In the pamphlet
for the northern market, his outgushing burst of
eloquence on the struggles of France—well calcu-
lated to work on the North—is given. There is
but one reference to the Wilmot proviso, where a
Federal Senator [Mr. Ufham] is charged with a
design to defeat the two-million bill.
Mr. HANNEGAN expressed his conviction
that neither General Cass, nor any friends of his,
had ever sanctioned the publication of two distinct
editions of a speech, one intended for one section
of the Union, and one for another section. He
had authority to state from the Congressional com-
mittee on the Democratic side, that they had never
sanctioned any such practice.
Mr. MANGUM did not wonder at the sensi-
tiveness of Senators on the other side. He then
referred to the language in the other copy of the
Life of General Cass, which he presumed to be
intended for ihe South—although he admitted that
there was nothing printed on the face of the docu-
ments to the effect that one was for the North and
the other for the South—in which General Cass
evaded the question of the Wilmot proviso.
Mr. FOOTE asked if the Senator from North
Carolina did not know that one edition of the biog- :
raphy was printed before the agitation of the Fr.ench ■
question, and that afterwards his friends thought 1
it right to modify the pamphlet by inserting his ^
remarks on that question ? j
Mr. MANGUM said he certainly attributed no
censure to the friends of General Cass for inserting
his remarks on the French struggle; but he asked
why it was, at the same time, deemed expedient
to omit the opinions of the General on the Wilmot
proviso? He asserted that he was a southern man:
he was ready to die for the institutions of the South i
whenever it should be necessary. He went for
liberty first, and for Union next, and he hoped
they would not be divided; but if he had the firm-
ness he trusted he had, he would stand by his [
country in repelling, to the last, every attempt to |
touch the institutions the sanctity of which was |
guarantied by the Constitution. !
He paid a tribute to the kind and generous cour- j
tesy of General Cass, with whom he had inter- 1
course when the General held a place in an admin- <
istration with which he (Mr. M.) had no personal
communication excepting General Cass. He said t
he had put a question to which he desired an an- j
swer. The harbor and river bill which Mr. Polk 1
had vetoed, would General Cass veto? The sec- >
ond resolution of the Baltimore platform denies the
power of the General Government to make inter- .
rial improvements. Mr. Polk gavem his adhesion
to the platform of 1844, Oregon up to 54° 40', and '
all. Bat for the veto of the internal-improvement
bill, Mr. Polk would have been the nominee of |
the Baltimore Convention again. I
Mr. FOOTE. He would not have accepted it. i
Mr. MANGUM. My dear sir, not accept! I;
beg pardon—I have known Mr. Polk a long time.
He went on to state that General Cass had voted
for internal improvements; but how would he act
in reference to vetoing a bill? He regarded Gen-
eral Cass as the representative of the worst type of
Democracy, and he aniieipated new foreign wars,
should he be elected and serve his four years. He
supported General Taylor, because he looked on
him as leady to carry out all the principles of the
Whig party—to promote industry, and to cultivate
a pacific policy; because he believed him to have
a tiue sense of national honor, and that he would
never stretch out a strong hand to wrest territory
from a weak neighbor; and because he consideied
him as above mingling with low party intrigues.
He characterized the Democratic paity as going
for bold enterprise, regardless of the cost ot treas-
ure or of blood; as pursuing an aggressive, gallant
policy, more anxious to achieve a glittering posi-
tion in history than to introduce or secure domes-
tic peace and comfort at home. As to Cuba, he
was opposed to any powerful nation holding it.
He desired it to remain free; and he was equally
opposed to any strong naval power holding the key
to the Gulf.
Mr. FOOTE asked whether General Taylor con-
sidered the United States as in the wrong, and Mex-
ico in the right, during the recent war?
Mr. MANGUM said he was not going to be the
expounder of all General Taylor's opinions.. He
took a view of the course of the Administration in
the commencement of the war, asserting that the
President had not calculated on any of the conse-
quences of the war falling on him and his Admin-
istration. But the President had relied too much
on the effect of the clamor about British Whigs,
&c. He touched on the Oregon dispute, and the
annexation of Texas, and the ambition to acquire
territory which had characterized some of our re-
cent administrations. He was opposed to the
policy. He went for home in preference to all the
broad territories of the earth. Our policy is not to
promote the welfare of others, but our own. When
the country is engaged in a foreign war, sanctioned
by the Executive, he could never stand ready to
go against her. Yet he was one of those called
iVIexican Whigs. He differed with some of his
friends as to the possibility of avoiding the war, and
stated that some of our gallant officers had been
persecuted by the Neio of the day, when they
ought to have been rewarded. He said that had
the Whig party selected a civilian, he would have
rejoiced; but as this had not been done, he was
glad to take hold of the gallant military man by
the hand, relying more on him than on many other
more conspicuous civilians who might have been
brought forward. i
Mr. FOOTE asked if General Taylor's friends j
held that the President of the United States or the |
Mexicans had commenced the war. I
Mr. MANGUM replied that the war, in his
opinion, was commenced by the President of the
Llnited States. In reference to the maxim, " to the
victors belong the spoils," he denounced it with
the most unutterable scorn. He eulogized General
Taylor and Millard Fillmore, defending them
against the attacks of Croswell, who had at one
time declared General Jackson unfit to fill the office
of President, and at another time that the General
was the greatest hero that ever walked the land;
who had abused and eulogized other great men—
perhaps Mr. Van Buren. He had seen the Sena-
tor from Mississippi so severely handled by the
press that he would have scorned to have lent a
countenance to. Such, indeed, was the harsh and
indiscriminate abuse of the mercenary press that
the only protection of any man was his insignifi-
cance. It would be well to discontinue this debate
here, for he had no doubt that the presses would
be so industrious, that they would, before the end
of the campaign, prove General Cass to be desti-
tute of any good quality whatever; and that Gen-
eral Taylor never dared to show his honest, ruddy
face on the battle-ground of Buena Vista.
Mr. HANNEGAN rose to explain the cause of
the discrepancy in the sketch of General Cass. He
stated that the only omission was that of part of a
letter ot' General Cass to Mr. Nicholson, which
was left out of one. He knew, and the Senate
knew, that Francis P. Blair and John C. Rives
would never stoop to be guilty of a falsehood, and
they wete men who would ne\er stoop to be guilty
of a fiaud. The one was a publication in March,
the other in June; and the difference was caused
by a desire of the young man who prepared the
sketch to correct it, so as not to swell the limits
and increase the expense.
Some further explanations on this point ensued;
and the parts of the pamphlet were read and reread;
and Mr. Hannegan read a further exliact, which,
he said, the Senator from North Carolina had omit-
ted. ,. ,
Mr. MANGUM said he had not read it, because
it was not contained in either of the editions of the
pamphlet which he had befoie hmi. He believed
thai General Cass would scoin to sanction such a
vilecouise,or that the Senator from Indiana would;
but there are hangers-on, leeches, who are ready
to do anything to promote their object.
Mr. HANAEGAN said he did not know the
author positively; but if' it was the person he sup-
! posed, he wasa young man, not more than twenty-
j five yeais of age, open and ingenuous, who, he
| thought, would never be guilty of a fraud. He
I wished the Senator from North Carolina had de-
scribed and defended the Philadelphia platform,
and General Taylor and his principles. He was
not disposed to say a word against General Taylor,
who was an honest and a brave old soldier", who,
according to his own statement, never cast a vote,
nor filled an office, from a constable upwards. It
had been asserted that the Philadelphia Convention
had been disposed to nominate Old Zack for Presi-
dent and Old Whitey for Vice President. General
Taylor's sentiments were not known. He was
taken on trust, as John Tyler was, and he reminded
the Senator that in less than eighteen months after
the election of John Tyler, curses loud and deep
ivere heaped upon him. He asserted his belief
that the Whigs had destroyed themselves by the
nomination of General Taylor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, made some ex-
planations of the course of General Cass, in order
to show that the defence of the Senator from Indi-
ana did not clear the General from the charge of
inconsistency, nor exactly settle the question as to
the absence of any fraud. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Upham] had also applied at the Globe
office for copies of the sketch, and he had obtained
the two editions—March and June—from which it
appears that the very words said by the Senator
from Indiana to have been left out of the June
edition in his hand, because other matter was in-
troduced in its room, appear in the June edition
which he (Mr. Johjjson) held in his hand. The
Senator from Indiana could compare the pam-
phlets, and he could then decide whether theyoung
! man of twenty-five was so entirely innocent of
fraud as he supposed.
j Mr. HANNEGAN said his authority was Gen-
eral Bayly and Mr. Howell Cobb, of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON said this was the policy of the
Democratic Association, at Jackson Hall, to send
out different editions, one for the North and one
for the South, where they were scattered broad-
cast. The thing did not do itself—who did it?
Mr. HANNEGAN. Some villain.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, some villain. I echo
the Senator from Indiana. Why was it done, if
not to give different impressions in the North and
the South ? He eared not what platform General
Cass stood on; but there was one platform which
God had planted—common honesty—on which
every man could stand. Our penitentiaries are
filled with persons charged with more trivial crimes,
for false pretences of a far less criminal and de-
testable character than this. If General Cass were
here, it would become him to denounce at once
that class of men which seeks support for him by
cheating others. A thimble-rigger is a virtuous
man compared with such.
Mr. HANNEGAN was certainly very much
surprised at the disclosure of the Senator from
Maryland. He would take occasion to disclaim oil
behalf of every member of this Senate, and of the
| other House, any participation in this fraud. Who-
1 ever had been so misguided .as to do it, had not
1 hugged to his heart so closely as he ought the
! principles of honor. But while he admitted this,
j he desired to know what there was in the matter
I omitted of such consequence that it should be
hurled against General Cass?. To find the history
of General Cass, he referred Senators to the history
of our country, from the time of Mr. Jefferson to
this day.
Mr. FOOTE made a reply at some length to the
remarks of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Makkim.]
Mr. NILES then made a few humorous re-
marks, in which he compared the proceedings of
the day with those of a ratification meeting.
Mr. CLAYTON then rose and expressed a wish
to reply to some of the remarks which had fallen
from the Senators on the other side. But as the
.! hour was late, he suggested the propriety of ad-
i|J0 On1 motion, it was then ordered that when the
|! Senate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wcdnes-
|! day, m order to enable it to join in the ceremony
I ofiying the corner-stone of the Washington Na-
! tional Monument to-morrow.
I The Senate then adjourned.
!j HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
II Wednesday, July 5, 1848.
!j The Journal of Monday was read and approved,
i Mr COCKE, by the unanimous consent of the
j] House, offered a resolution to discharge the Com-
