894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
iruttee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the bill of the Senate granting pensions to the
widows and orphans of such officers, musicians,
and privates, of the army of the United States, as
have fallen in Mexico, and that the same be put
on its passage.
The resolution was agreed to.
The bill and the amendment reported by the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions of the
House were read.
Mr. COCKE explained the bill and amendment,
and urged its passage in a few remarks.
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the amend-
ment so as to embrace the widows and orphans of
those officers and soldiers who died on their march
to Mexico.
Mr. COCKE moved the previous question, which
was seconded, and, under the operation thereof,
the amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as thus amended, was adopted,
and the bill read a third time, passed, and returned
to the Senate.
Mr. BINGHAM, by leave, introduced a joint
resolution to change the location of the site of a
light-house on LakeSuperior; which was read three
times and passed.
OFFICERS OF THE ARMT.
Mr. BOTTS said, some time since a bill was
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
repealing so much of the act of 1846 as required
the President to discharge, at the close of the war,
the number of brigadier and major generals, and
other officers appointed under that act. The bill
had passed the House and gone to the Senate, and
was taken up there on Saturday last, and sent back
with various amendments. Upon its return to the
House, it was, on the motion, he thought, of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. That commit-
tee had had no meeting since that day. He did
not believe it had been within the knowledge of
any member of the committee that the bill had
been referred to them; otherwise, a meeting would
have been called, and the committee would have
had the bill under consideration. It had become
indispensably necessary that it should be acted on
to-day. He understood that the treaty had arrived
from Mexico—that the proclamation of the Presi-
dent would be published to-morrow, and would
probably have been to-day, had any paper issued
m this city this morning. If the bill was not acted
upon to-day, it became the President's imperative
duty to dismiss the officers—the major generals,
brigadier generals, and other officers—provided for
in the act of 1846, many of whom, for their mer-
itorious services, had been promoted.
The amendment of the Senate suspended the
operation of this act to the 4th of March, 1849,
thus affording additional time for legislation on
this subject. It would be perfectly competent for
either House to introduce and pass a bill repealing
these laws at any subsequent period of this or of
the next session; but there was no time to act upon
it now in any other way than by a suspension of
the law such as was now proposed, for the reason,
as he had said, that these gentlemen were to go out
of office immediately upon the proclamation of
peace.
He therefore moved that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject, and that the amendments
of the Senate be put on their passage immediately.
He hoped there would be no objection.
Mr. DICKEY objected.
Mr. BOTTS hoped the gentleman would not
by his power of objection under the rules defeat
the will of a large majority of the House.
Mr. DICKEY adhered to his objection.
Mr. BOTTS inquired if it would be in order to
move to suspend the rules for the purpose.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. VINTON moved a resolution to close all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of ,
the Union on the bill making appropriations for !
the service of the Post Office Department for the j
year ending June 30, 1849, in thirty minutes after
the House shall again consider said bill in Com-
mittee of the "Whole. Agreed to.
GAS-LIGHT IN WASHINGTON.
The bill of the House to incorporate the Wash-
ington Gas-light Company, which was several days
since returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment, was taken up, and the amendment of the
Senate was read and concurred in, and the bill
stands passed.
Mr. HUNT called for the orders of the day.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The SPEAKER announced the report of the
Committee on Commerce, and the accompanying
resolutions on the message of the President giving
his reasons for withholding his approval from the
river and harbor bill of last session, on the memo-
rial of the Chicago Convention, and on various
other memorials for the improvement of rivers and
harbors, as the subject first in order.
The resolutions were read as follows:
Resolved, That the Constitution of the Umted States vests
in Congress the power to appropriate money to open and
improve harbor?!, and lemovo obstructions from navigable
rivers, in all cases where Mich improvements are necessary
to the protection and laoility of commerce with foreigu na-
tions or the commerce among the States.
2. Resolved, That the interests of our national commerce,
the common defence, and general weltare of the United
State, require a judicious excrci&e of the foregoing powets.
3. Resolved, That the reasons assigned by the President
in his veto message of December 15,1847, for his refusal to
appiove and sign t!he bill passed Match 3,1847, making ap-
propriations for the improvement of certain hat bora and
riveis, are deemed insufficient and unsatisfactory.
4. Resolved,, That it would be inexpedient, and contrary
to the principles of the Constitution, to give the general con-
sent of Congress, in advatice of legislation by the Stains, to
the imposition of tonnage duties by the several States as a
means of improving the ports and harbors at which such
duties may be levied.
5. Resolved, That the report of the Committee on Com-
meice on the memoiial of the Chicago Convention respect-
ing harbor and river improvements, the President's menage
of December 15, 1847, on the same subject, and the hill re-
ferred to s-aid committee in relation to tonnage duties, with
the minority lepoit on the same subject, be printed, and that
the Committee- on Printing be directed to inquire into the
expediency of printing extra copies of said report.
Mr. SIMS, who was entitled to the floor, said
he had no disposition to occupy the time of the
House at this late period of the session upon the
subject of these resolutions. He would much
prefer that the regular necessary business before
them should be attended to; and in order to arrive
at that result, he would move to lay the report and
resolutions on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to lay on the table.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked to be excused from
voting, and for leave to state his reasons for his
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot be
allowed to state any reasons under the rule.
Mr. McCLERNAND, then, would vote against
the resolutions, because in effect they must precip-
itate the country into an enormous public debt; and
because, too, they could not be regarded otherwise
than as an attack, a gratuitous attack, upon the Ad-
ministration.
The question to lay upon the table was put, and
decided in the negative, by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bedmger, Bird-
sail, Bowdon, Brodhead, Wilh.ua G. Brown, Burt, Cha e,
Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Williamson R.VV. Cobb,
Cummin*:, Daniel, Diekm-son, F* atherston, Fickhn, Frie.s,
Green, Willard P. Hall, Hammons, Harai-on, Harmanson,
Harris, Hill, George ri. Houston, Inge, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Iverson, Jameson, Andrew Johnson, J. H. Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Geoige W. Jones, Kennon, Lahin, La Sere,
Lord, Lumpkin, Maclav, McClernand, McDowell, McKay,
Miller, Peaslee, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rhett, Riehey, Sawyer,
Simpson, Suns, Smait, Stanton, Thomas. Jacob Thompson,
Robert A. Thompson, Vcnable, Wallace, Wick, Wiley,
Williams, and Woodward—65.
NAYtf—Messrs. Abbott, Barrow, Belcher, Bingham, Blan-
ehard, Botts. Bowlin, Brady, Buckner, Butler, Can by, Chap-
man, Chngman,Coll.iniei.Coilms., Conger, Cianston, Crow-
ell, Crezier, Darling, Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Dunn, Eck-
ert, Edwards, Einbree, A. Evans, Nathan Evans, Faran,
Farrelly, Fis-her, Flournoy, Fret diev, Fulton, Gajle, Gentry,
Giddmgs,Goggin, Gott, Giinnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall. J.
G. Hampton, Mo->es Hampton, Hemy. Elias B. Holmes, John
W. Houston, Hubbaid, Hudson, llunt, Irun, Jenkins, John
W. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas B. King, Dann 1 P. King, Wil-
liam T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Letfler, Lincoln,
Lyndc, McClelland, Mcllvame, Horace Mann. Maish, Mai-
vin, Morehead, Morns, Mnllin, Nel-on, Ncwall, Outlaw,
Palfrey, Peck, Pendleton, Petrie, Petut, Pollock, Preston,
Putnam, Rejnolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Root, Ramsey, St. John, Shertill, Silvester, SJtuigeilaml.
Caleb B. Smith, Tinman Smith, Starkweather, Stephens,
Charles E. Stuart. Tailinadge, TaWor, Tlubodeaux, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurs-
ton, Toombs Turner, Van Dyke. Vinton, Warrea, Went-
woith. White, and Wilson—109.
Mr. McCLELLAND had very little objection,
he said, to the first and second of these resolutions,
though he confessed, if he had been on that com-
mittee, he would not have agreed to report any of
them. He thought it would have been sufficient
for the committee to have made their report, and
had that report, together with the President's veto
message, circulated among the people.
The first resolution he looked upon as rather
loosely drawn, and many and various constructions
would be put upon it. Yet he had no particular
objection to vote for that resolution.
The second resolution he could vote for with
great pleasure.
The third he could not vote for at ill. Reviewed
itas unnecessary. Helooked upon it,furthermore,
as a direct reflection on the President of the United*
States. He differed with the President, and did
not agree that the reasons he had assigned in that
veto message were good and sufficient; but at the
same time he was unwilling to give any vote in
this House which might be tortured into a censure
of that officer, for the simple reason that he, in the
discharge of his duties, was compelled to differ
with him;and whatever difference of opinion might
exist between the President and himself as a mem-
ber of this House, he was nevertheless obliged to
presume that he had acted honestly in the discharge
of his duties, and the President had as good a right
to differ from him as had any member of this
House.
-SHaving requested the Clerk to read the fourth
resolution, Mr. McC. said he had very little doubt,
from the examination he had been enabled to give
this subject, that it would be improper and inexpe-
dient to give this power to the States in advance
of the action of each State on this particular sub-
ject;. but at the same time he could not vote for that
resolution, becausehe believed it constitutional. He
thought Congress had power to give authority to
the States in advance, and it seemed to him that
any one who would refer to the constitutional pro-
visions on that subject, would concur with him in
thatopinion. The clause of the Constitution which
related to this question was in the following words:
" No state shall, without the consent of Congress,
lay any duty of tonnage," &c.
Whether that consent was given before or after
any action on the part of the State, it was certainly
constitutional, because this grant of power was
express, authorizing Congress to give their consent
to the States to impose these tonnage duties. His
opinion was, that the power could not be given to
the extent that had been contended for by some
gentlemen on this floor. He thought it a very lim-
ited power, and upon the lakes and upon the
largest rivers of the United States, which had here-
tofore been improved by appropriations from Con-
gress, the power would be of no avail. But at the
same time (for he wanted to speak briefly on the
subject) he could not vote for this resolution, be-
cause he thought the power was constitutionally
in Congress to give authority to any State in-this
Union to pass laws in regard to tonnage duties
previous to the action of the State itself. He could
not, therefore, vote for this resolution. He sug-
gested an amendment to strike out that part of this
resolution which related to the question of consti-
tutionality,
Mr. HUNT was very unwilling to consume the
time of the House, at this advanced stage of the
session, in debating the propositions contained in
these resolutions, it was a subject which had
been very fully discussed ori former occasions, not
only in this House but throughout the country,
which had been fully investigated by every gentle-
man here, and on which, no"doubt, every one was
as fully prepared to vote without further debate
as they would be after days had been consumed
in its further discussion.
Mr. ATKINSON wished to make an inquiry of
the gentleman. Being one of the Committee on
Commerce, by which this hill had been reported,
he desired to know of the gentleman, who was the
chairman of that committee, whether the report had
; received the unanimous sanction of the committee,
or whether there were dissenting voices; and, if so,
who they were?
Mr. HUNT replied that this subject was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce at an early
| day of the session. They had felt it their duty to
investigate it and take some action on the vai ious
1 questions referred to them by the message of the
I President, and the bill of the gentleman from South
i Carolina [Mr. Rhett] in relation to tonnage duties.
There had been a very full discussion of the sub-
ject in committee, and the conclusions arrived at
were adopted by the majority of the committee—
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Atkinson] and
