896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5.
Mr. RHETT expressed his dissatisfaction that
the chairman of the committee, after making hi3
speech and moving an amendment, should demand
the previous question, but was called to order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, inquired
if it was in order to move to postpone the resolu-
tions?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. RHETT inquired if it was in order to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and, being answered affirmatively, he
made that motion, which was decided in the nega-
tive: Yeas 78, nays 101.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the question was stated, Shall the main question
be now put ?
Mr. McCLERNAND asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and they resulted as follows:
YEAS—Me&srs. Abbott, Ashmun, Barringer, Barrow,
Belcher, Blanchard, Boydon, Brady, Buckner, Butler, Chap-
man, Clingman, Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Cranston, Crow-
ell, Crozier, Cummins, Darhnsr, Dickey, Dixon, Donneli,
Duer, Daniel Duncan, Dunn, Eekert, Edward*, Embree,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fan el ly, Fisher, Flournoy,
Freedlcy, Fulton, Gentry, Giddmgs, Gocgin, Cott, Gnnnell,
Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton,
Henry, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hud-
son, Hunt, Irvin, John VV. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas Butler
King, Daniel P. Kins, William T. Lawience, Leffler, Lin-
coln, McHvaine, Hoi ace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead,
Mullin, Nelson, Nes, Newail, Palfrey, Pendleton, Pollock,
Preston, Putnam,Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Roman, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Shet rill,
Silvester, Slingerland, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Tallmadge, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Jame3
Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, and Wil-
son—100.
NAYS—Mfs«rs. Atkinson, Baylv, Beale, Bedinger, Bird-
sail, Bowdon, Bowlin, Bojd. William G. Brown, Albert G.
Brown, Burt. Chase, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb. Collin*, Daniel, Dick-
inson, F.iran, Ficklin, Fries, Green, Wiliard P. Hall, Haral-
son, Harmanf-on, Harris, Hill, George S. Hou?ton, Inge,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Iverson, Jameson, Andrew Johnson,
James H. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kennon, Lalim, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, McCler-
nand,Mcl)owell,McKav, Job Mann, Miller, Morris, Pea^lee,
Peck.Pejton, Phelps, Pillsbury, Rhetr, Riehafdson, Richey,
Rock'hill, Sawyer, Simpson, Sims, Sinait, Robert Smith,
Starkweather, Charlec E. Stuait, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston,
Turner, Venable, Wallace, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wil-
niot, and Woodward—18.
So the main question was ordered to be now
put.
The amendment moved by Mr. Hunt to the
fourth resolution—viz: strike out the words "and
contrary to the principles of the Constitution'1—
"was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
resolutions.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called for
a division of the question, so as to take a separate
vote on each resolution; and the question was so
divided.
The first resolution was agreed to by the follow-
ing vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Bariinger,
Barrow, Belcher, Bingham, Birda.aH, Blanchard, Bolts, Bow-
lin, Bo)don, Biddy, Buckner, Butler, Canby, Chapman,
Clmgniaiij Cocke, Collamer, Collins. Conger, Cranston,
Crowell, Crozier, Dailing, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Daniel
Duncan. Dunn, Kckett, Edwards, Embree, Alexander Evans,
Nathan E\ ans, Fai relly, Fisher, Flournoy, Freedlev, Fulton,
G.une*. Gctyle, Gently, Giddiugs, Gu gin, Gott, Gnnucll,
Hale, Nathan K. Hail, James G Hampton, Moses Hamp-
ton, Heniy, Elias B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard,
Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. Inger>oll, irvin, Jenkins, Robert
W. Johnson, John W. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas Butlci King,
Daniel P. Kin*, Lahm, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Law-
rence, Leffler, Lincoln, L\ nde, Maclay, McClelland*, McJl-
v<une. Job Mann, Hoiace Manu, Maivm, Morehcad, Morris,
Mnllin, Nelson, Nes, Newall, Outlaw, Palfrey, PecK, Pen-
dleton, Pettie, Peyton, Pollock, Predion, Putnam, Reynolds,
Richardson, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman,
Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Sheppctd, Sherrill, Sil-
vester, Simsrt rlatul, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Truman
Smith, Stanton, SMrkweathei, Stephens,Chailes E. Stuart,
Talim.idge, Ta>lor, Thibodtaux, James Thompson, Richard
W Thompson, John B. Thompson, William Thompson,
Tlmr-ion, Turner, Van Dj ke, Vinton, Wairen, Wentworth,
White, and Wilson—12S.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Baylv, Beale, Bedinscr, Bow-
don, Bo}d, Brodhead, William G. Blown, AlbeuG. Brown,
Burt, Chase, Fiartklm Clark, Be\erl> L. Claike, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cummins, Dickinson, Faran,
Featliei-ton, Ficklin, Fries, Gieen, Willard P. Hall, Mam-
mons, Haialr-ori, Hannanson, Harus, Hill, George S. Hous-
ton, Iver.-on, Jameson, Andrew J ohn-on, James H. Johnson,
George W- Jones, Kcnuon, Lord, Lumpkin, MeCicmand,
McDowell, McKay, Miller, Peaslee, Puelps, Pills-bury, Rhett,
Richey, Sawyer, Simpson, Suns, Smait, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Wick,
Wiley, Williams, and VVoodwaid—59.
Mr. TURNER moved to reconsider this vote,
stating that he had made the motion to reconsider
.that he might be enabled to give his reasons why
he was opposed to the passage of these resolutions
at this time.
Mr. COBB, after consultation with the gentle-
man from Illinois, moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. He intimated, that if this motion
should be agreed to, the gentleman from Illinois
would retain the floor for to-morrow.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the chair,) on
the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic service of the year ending the 30th June,
1849.
The first section appropriated for compensation
and mileage of Senators and members of the House
of Representatives and Delegates, $388,440, pro-
vided that no member of either House of Congress,
after the present-session, shall be allowed a larger
sum for mileage than $1,000 for each session, any
act of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to strike out
the proviso.
Mr. "VINTON having made a pro forma motion,
said, it must be known to every one that proposi-
tions had, at various times, been made to regulate
the payment of the mileage of members of Con-
gress. He supposed there was no one who came
from the most distant part of this Union whose
actual expenses exceeded from $100 to $150, and
yet there were several members who were in receipt
of a sum exceeding $2,000. The Committee of
Ways and Means did not propose to interfere with
the mileage of members who received less than
$1,000, and that would give to those who received
that amount some $600 or $800 beyond their actual
expenses.
Mr. McKAY submitted an amendment, the pur-
port of which was to dircct the Postmaster General
to revise the table of distances of post routes, and
that the mileage of members be paid according to
such routes. He said he believed several of the
State Legislatures had instructed their Senators
and requested their Representatives to give their
| assistance to a correction of the enormous irregu-
larities which existed, and he thought the time had
come to put a stop to them. The law of 1818 was
passed when there were not one-fourth the facili-
ties for travelling that they now possessed by the
construction of railroads and steamboats. With
the per diem he did not propose to interfere.
Some conversation ensued on the relevancy of
the amendment and its admissibility, and ultimately
it was accepted by Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL as a
modification of his motion.
Mr. BOWLIN ottered a long amendment to the
amendment, which was designed to provide for the
payment of services actually rendered, and to de-
prive members of their per diem for such days as
they might be absent from the House.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GREEN proposed an amendment to the
amendment, by striking out "the nearest post
routes," and inserting " the most usual routes of
travel." At present (he said) the rule was vague
and indefinite, and it should be corrected and
made plain. He did not subscribe to the positions
of gentlemen, that western members received too
much for mileage, for the disadvantages under
which they labored should be taken into consid-
eration. They had to endure privations in trav-
elling to the seat of Government which the eastern
members were not called upon to sustain, and they
could not return to their homes in case of the sick-
ness of their families, or to superintend their farm-
ing operations, or such as were lawyers to attend
to the business on circuit, as could gentlemen from
States near the seat of Government, and hence it
I was but just that they should receive a larger
: amount.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. RHETT made a pro forma motion, that he
might say that this rate of mileage was a condition
on which the capital was allowed to remain on one
side of the Union. If it weie not so, the great
West would have the capital removed to the other
side of the mountains. Some gentlemen could re-
turn to their homes in two days, and some even in
two hours, while the gentlemen from Illinois or
Arkansas could not get home in less than two
weeks; and he hoped this would cease to be a sub-
ject of demagogism.
Mr. EVANS* of Maryland# moved to strike out
il Postmaster General," and insert" Committee on
Mileage." He was not willing to leave the com-
putation of his mileage to the Postmaster General.
Agreed to.
Mr. LAHM moved an amendment, which pro-
posed to allow a mileage of five dollars for every
twenty miles not exceeding three hundred miles,
and two dollars per twenty miles for a greater dis-
tance. He argued in support of his motion, con-
tending that they were paid too extravagantly-
Some members received $2,000 and upwards for
mileage, and could make more out of it than other
gentlemen could make out of their mileage and per *
diem for the ninety days of the short session.
That he held to be unjust and unequal; nor did
he think that he was entitled to a greater amount
of compensation because he came across the moun-
tains thar^a gentleman who lived on the same side
of the mountains with the capital.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JAMESON moved a proposition providing
for the removal of the seat of Government from
Washington to , for the abolition of mileage
to members of Congress, and the withholding of
their per diem compeneation if absent, unless de-
tained by sickness of themselves or families. He
argued thar. while the Capitol remained here the
present mileage should be continued, it being the
result of the compromise made on that subject in
1816 or 1817. He justified the excels of mileage
received by distant members, by the peculiar dis-
advantages which they suffered of loss of business,
inability to return home, &c., which was not the
case with- members who resided nearer, or within
more direct rapid facilities of communication; and
said that the western people were the poorest pard
of any who rendered public services. He ascribed
to demagogism the clamor that was raised upon
this subject of mileage; and touched, in his five
minutes, upon several other points.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VENABLE (upon an amendment moved
and subsequently withdrawn) denied, that in his
section of the country at least, there was any clamor
among the people at the present compensation, and
maintained that it was no more than a man who
was fit to be a member of Congress ought to
receive.
Mr. HENLEY moved to amend the proviso by
reducing the limitation froiri $1,000 to $500. He
maintained the injustice of the present rate of mile-
age, and instanced several cases of its gross ine-
quality. He denied that it was demagogism to
take this side of the question, and threw back the
charge upon those who made it. He contended
that the matter should be regulated upon rules of
justice, and regardless of any idea that by main-
taining the present mileage the Capitol would be
continued at Washington. Whenever the people
of the West determined it should be removed, this
matter of mileage would be but a feather in the
scale of their decision.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JAMESON moved to increase the sum to
$2,000, and replied—Under frequent checks from
the Chair for transcending the limits allowed for
debate—to Mr. Henley.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MEADE moved to raise the amount to
$1,500; and expressed his opinion rather m favor
of the increase than of the reduction of the com-
pensation given to members.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WICK offered an amendment, the effect of
which was to reduce the per diem of members of
Congress to $5 after the first three months of any
session, and to allow but half mileage at special
sessions. Rejected.
He briefly argued that such a reduction of the
per diem compensation would greatly tend to pro-
mote the despatch of business and shorten the du-
ration of the sessions, and that the compensation
he proposed for extra sessions would be sufficient,
being m addition to ordinary compensation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE moved an amend-
ment to do away entirely with the per diem com-
pensation of members, leaving to their constituents
to make up by private subscription whatever
amount they considered them respectively entitled
to, in addition to the present mileage. He briefly
explained and enforced the propriety of the amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
