THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED ATVD PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1848.
New" Series No. 57.
Mr. CUMMINS (on an amendment moved and
withdrawn) moved to reduce the sum, and ex-
pressed himself satisfied with the proviso contained
jri the bill, and, in addition to the general reasons of
the inequality and injustice of the present allowance
of mileage, urged the pressing importance of redu-
cing to the proper standard now, as with every
accession to the States of the Union, the influence
against the reduction would be increased.
Mr. CONGER moved an amendment " that
* members of both Houses of Congress, from and
6 after the present session, shall be allowed mileage
'as follows, to wit: Five dollars per day during
* the time necessarily and actually spent in coming
' to and returning from the Capitol, and, in addition
' thereto, the actual necessary travelling expenses,
* to be settled on the affidavit of the member, by the
' Committee on Mileage; and, provided further,
* that fiom and after the present session, the com-
c pensationof members shall be reduced to fivedol-
* lars per day." Rejected.
Mr. HOLMES, of New York, moved an amend-
ment to substitute, in lieu of the present mileage,
the payment of one dollar for every hour actually
and necessarily expended upon the routes to and
fro, together with the necessary travellingexpenses.
He expressed himself not only in favor of the re-
form indicated by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina [Mr. McKay] and accepted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] but
desired to go further in the correction of abuses
and inequalities which now prevailed; some mem-
bers receiving $2,500 mileage., for which they ex-
pended only some ten, fifteen, or twenty days'
labor. He would abolish all the mileage now
allowed, and substitute a per diem compensation
from the time of leaving to the time of returning
home, together with all necessary travelling ex-
penses; the per diem in travelling to depend upon
the numberof hours occupied, which heconsidered
the jus test and fairest basis of its computation. *
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WICK offered an amendment reducing the
per diem to six dollars after the first five months
of any session. Rejected.
The question recurring on Mr. Ingersoll's
amendment, as modified by the acceptance of Mr.
McKay's, was taken, and the amendment was
rejected: Ayes 40, noes 78.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, moved to strike
out the proviso, and for the purpose of setting a
laudable example, which he thought gentlemen
would do well to follow, would make no speech
for Buncombe, but submit his amendment to a vote
without debate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. McKAY renewed his amendment but, after
some conversation between him and Mr. VINTON,
he withdrew it.
Mr RUMSEY moved an amendment to fix the
mileage at twenty cents a mile, but that no mem-
ber shall receive more than one thousand dollars.
Lost.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the item making
an appropriation for the stationery, fuel, printing,
and contingent expenses of the House, so as to
include a clerk for the Sergeant-at-arms, at a com-
pensation of four dollars a day.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, made a pro forma
motion to obtain an opportunity to say, that if the
committee would look at the facts of the case, he
was sure they would not agree to this amendment.
It had been repeatedly thrust upon the House
during the present session, and the House had in-
variably rejected it. Preceding Sergeants-at-arms
had had no clerks, having done their business with
the aid of a messenger. He entered into some
explanations in relation to a quarrel which Dr.
Lane, the preceding Sergeant-at-arms, had with
his messenger, and a compromise which was then
entered into; but there was nothing in that to show
that both a messenger and a clerk were necessary
in the Serjeant-at-arms* office. He was willing
that the Sergeant-at-arms should keep his messen-
ger, but it appeared he was determined to dragoon
the House into giving him an officer that was here-
tofore unknown to his office.
57
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired if the
amendment wa3 in order. ' It was making pro-
vision for an officer not authorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the objection.
Mr. LAHM moved to amend the amendment
by reducing the per diem from $4 to $3. He was
proceeding to show that he believed the Sergeant-
at-arms required a clerk, when he was required by
the Chairman to confine his remarks to his amend-
ment. He then said that where he believed such
an officer was necessary, he thought a compensa-
tion of three dollars per diem was an ample remu-
neration.
The amendment to the amendment was lost.
The amendment of Mr. Vinton was then agreed
to by a vote of 69 to 47.
The committee then rose and reported progress,
and the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 5, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 25th May last, communicating in-
formation as to the manner in which the interest
on the public debt has been paid.
[The Secretary states that circulars have been
addressed to all the agents, giving notice that the
interest on the public debt must be paid in specie;
that remittances were made by the Treasurer of
the United States, by drafts payable in specie, and
so paid in favor of those agencies in the several
depositories, for the purpose of paying the public
debt in coin. That on the 16th May last, a rumor
of a possible violation of the Jaw, unaccompanied
by any evidence, reached the department, when
circulars were again sent. The Secretary says
there is no evidence of any violation of the law by
any of the disbursing officers. The specie is in
their possession but a very few days before it is
disbursed, and there can be no motive with them
for violating the law. The letter states that under
all the circumstances it has been thought most wise
to discontinue the former agencies at Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, ahd Charleston, and to assign
the duty of paying the interest on the public debt
there on the 1st of July, 1848, to the assistant
treasurers at those places, to whom the duty would
originally have been assigned if sufficient means
had been placed by Congress at the disposal of the
department. The duty of paying the semi-annual
interest on the public debt is represented as onerous
and important. The public debt, including the
stock and treasury notes still authorized to be
issued, amounts to $65,778,540 41; the interest on
which must be paid punctually semi-annually, em-
bracing a very great number of names, including
attorneys, trustees, executors, and administrators,
and several hundred pages of schedules of names
and amounts; and the Secretary says these pay-
ments cannot be made with punctuality and cer-
tainty without additional clerical force in the office
of the Assistant Treasurer, and without an addi-
tional appropriation, which, at this session, is
requested from Congress.
The Secretary goes on to show, as satisfactory
proof to the Senate that the department has carried
into full operation the provisions of the law, the
tables of the Register of the Treasury establishing:
1st. That during the seventeen months of the
operation of the sub-treasury, the payments in spe-
cie into the treasury have been $67,801,776 22, and
during the same period the disbursement in specie
has been $69,059,574 81; that during the seventeen
months, theaggregateof receiptsand disbursements
has been $136,861,351 03. The coinage at the
mint during three years and three months has been
$36,507,119 07 under the special order of the de-
partment, or several millions of dollars more than
in thirty-seven years preceding—from 1792 to
1830.]
Mr. NILES presented a memorial from citizens
of New York, m favor of reduction of postage,
which was laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made an adverse report on the me-
morial of Samuel Rusk and others, Choctaw conir
missioners.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, on leave, intro-
duced a bill " to provide for a survey of the Red
river, from its mouth to the head of its navigable
waters;" which was read twice and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On presenting the bill, Mr. J. remarked that a
bill passed the Senate a few days since directing
the Secretary of. War to detail from the corps of
Topographical Engineers a competent officer to
proceed forthwith to the State of Louisiana, there
to survey the mouth of Red river, with a.view to
ascertain the most practicable mode of rendering
the mouth of said river navigable for steamboats
at all seasons of the. ye^r. This survey, although
highly important, (for, in consequence of a large
sand-bar formed at the mouth of the river, its nav-
igation is nearly excluded from the Mississippi,)
is not all that is required. There are other ob-
structions to the navigation of the Red river at
different points which should be removed. The
falls at Alexandria may be rendered navigable at
all seasons, and the remains of thegreat rafi in the
river above Shrevcport may be readily removed;
but these are national works, which require appro-
priations by 'Congress. One hundred thousand
dollars would probably be sufficient.
Mr. Johnson- argued to show the importance
of improving the navigation of this great river,
in a national point of view, and the obligations
of the national Government to make the neces-
sary appropriations for the purpose. Three
States, he said—Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas
—are directly and deeply interested in the navi-
gation of the Red river. A large portion of their
most valuable productions are greatly reduced in
value in consequence of the obstructions to the
navigation of Red river. Petitions, numerously
signed by the citizens of Arkansas and Louisiana,
praying appropriations to be made by Congress
for the removal of the great raft and other obstruc-
tions to the navigation of Red river, were pre-
sented to the Senate and referred to the Committee
on Commerce, some of them early in the session,
but no report had been made. He considered it
his duty, therefore, to introduce the bill.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The resolution from the House fixing the ad-
journment of Congress on the 17th July, came up
m its order as the unfinished business.
Mr. CLAYTON considered himself called on
to make some remarks, although he was most re-
luctant to introduce matter irrelevant to the subject
under discussion. But this course was forced on
him by the remarks of the Senator from Missis-
sippi. He knew nothing of the opinions of Gen-
eral Taylor more than any other Senator.
Mr. NILES called the Senator from Delaware
to order on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. WESTCOTT regretted that the Senator
from Connecticut had taken this course, because
there can be nothing impertinent in discussing the
subject if we are to settle the Presidential question
here, and to leave the people nothing to do but to
vote. , ,
The PRESIDENT decided that the debate was
irrelevant, and out of order. . .
Mr. CLAYTON appealed against the decision
of the Chair, on the ground that the debate had
been brought on by a statement on the other side
that the friends of General Taylor desired an eaily
adjournment, for the purpose of evading the debate
on" the Territory bill. It was proper, therefore,
that Senators on his side of the Chamber should
be heard in reply to this charge.
Mr. MANGUM, for the purpose of disposing
of the whole subject, moved to lay the appeal and
the question of order on the table, but withdrew
thMr°CALHOUN said that, although he would
have desired to see this debate arrested earlier, he
thought it could not now be stopped without in-
justice to those Senators who were entitled to
reply.
