898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. BERRIEN expressed a hope that the de-
bate would now be stopped. Because we had been
guilty of delay in stopping ail evil, was no reason
we should not now stop it.
Mr. FOOTE contended that he was perfectly
clear, in his judgment, that the debate was entirely
in order. lie did not feel the least regret on ac-
count of the course he had felt it his duty to adopt,
in introducing this debate, and in which he had
been sustained by the approbation of those who
generally acted with him. He referred to the de-
bateon Mr. Foote's resolution relative to the public
lands, when the celebrated passage between Mr.
Webster and* Mr. Hayne took place, and during
which even the name of public lands was not in-
troduced. He believed the Senator from Delaware
was called on to reply, and it would be injustice
and wrong to him, to prevent him from replying
at as much length as he may desire.
Mr. HAMLIN said he should vote to sustain
the decision of the Chair, and he wa3 glad that the
Senator from Connecticut had moved to arrest the
debate. He did not intend to be guiky of any dis-
courtesy to the Senator from Delaware. There
were other reasons than had been urged for stop-
ping the debate, which might be resumed on some
other subject—perhaps on the appropriation bill.
Mr. CLAYTON withdrew his appeal.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senator from
Delaware have leave to proceed, and asked for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
The CHAIR then stated the question to be,
whether the Senator from Delaware, notwithstand-
ing the decision of the Chair, should be permitted
to proceed.
Mr. BERRIEN said he must vote against the
motion, which looked to a permission to the Sen-
ator from Delaware to proceed out of order.
Mr. DOWNS said he should vote to sustain the
Chair, and against the motion.
Mr. BORLANDstated that it appeared extraor-
dinary to decide the Senator from Delaware out
of order, before he had given any evidence of what
he had intended to say. He had not made any
progress in his remarks, and it was impossible to
say whether he was about to be in or out of order.
Mr. BADGER thought that as the debate had
been continued with the general consent of the
Senate, it ought not now to be stopped by a de-
cision of the Chair because it was irreievantand out
of order, when it was recollected that the Chair on
a former occasion, when a question of order was
made, decided that the debate had taken too wide
a range; but, as it had gone on unchecked, the Chair
would not arrest it.
Mr. WESTCOTT gave his reasons for sup-
porting the motion.
Mr. BUTLER said he should have voted to
sustain the decision of the Chair; and although the
question assumed a rather discourteous form, he
would still be compelled to vote against the motion,
because it was merely an evasion of the first ques-
tion. He disliked the whole tone of the debate,
and thought it was inconsistent with the duty and
dignity of the Senate.
"Mr, FOOTE said that a Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Hayne] had been allowed to addiess
the Senate for days without once alluding to the
subject which called up the debate.
Mr. BUTLER replied briefly.
Mr.NILES said we werenowcalled onto decide
by a vote of yeas and nays, that a Senator might
proceed out of order. Originally, he admitted, the
debate might have been decided in order, because
it related to the reasons which might affect the
duration of the session. But, subsequently, it had
embraced issues entirely- foreign to the subject, and
could no longer be considered as in order. There
were many very important bills which required
the action of the Senate; and how would the people
respond to the course which had been taken rela-
tive to the merits of the several candidates for the
Presidency'1 Two days had already been con-
sumed in this debate, irregular and extraordinary
as it was; and much more time might yet be wasted
in the same strain; and yet we had informed the
country that we have most important measures to
pass on, which were thiust out by this reckless and
indecent debate, which was suited only for the
stump.
Mr. FOOTE vindicated himself against the
chaige of lecklessness and indecency which the
language of the Senator from Connecticut may
have implied against him. He referred to the
course of that Senator in writing from his seat a
letteV of great length, and violent, and he would, if
not restrained by a sense of respect, term reckless,
on the slave question, which had been published in
a newspaper called the Liberator. This was the
more censurable, as other Senators met the ques-
tion fairly in debate, instead of penning letters on
the subject.
Mr. NILES began to reply, touching the letter,
when—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, called the Sena-
tor from Connecticut to order, on the very ground
that the Senator had t^ken in relation to the Sena-
tor from Delaware. He stated that his point of
order was, that the matter was irrelevant.
The CHAIR decided, that if the Senator from
Connecticut was about to defend his letter, he
would be out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that the
Senator from Connecticut be permitted to proceed.
Mr. BRIGHT moved to postpone the prior
orders, and to take up the special order, being the
bill for the establishment of a Territorial Govern-
ment in Oregon; and asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion, and
decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Brad-
bury, Breese, Bright, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, Downs, Felch,
Fitzgerald, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Mason,
Sebastian, Ftnrgeon, and Walker—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Borland, Butler,
Calhoun, Camei on, Clarke, Clayton, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davisof Mi^i^ippi, Dayton, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Metcalfe,
Mangum, Miller, Niles, Phelps, Rusk, Spruance, Turney,
Underwood, Upham, and Wcslcott—29.
Mr. TURNEY moved to lay the resolution on
the table; and asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messis. Benton, f)avis of Mississippi, Downs,
Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Mason, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Sturgeon, and Turney—11.
NAYS—M' «sr<5. AMon, Atchison. Atheiton, "Raiser, Bell,
Borden. Borland, Bradbury, Breeze. Blight, Butler, Cal-
houn, Cameron, Clarke, Clayton, Corwm, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, Feleh, Fitzgerald, Footc,
Greene, Hale." Hamlin, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of
Louisiana, Mangum. Metcalfe,Miller. Niles, Pearce, Phelps,
Spruauce, Undetwood, Uphatn, Walker, and Wegtcott—39.
Mr. NILES then said, that what a Senator did
out of the Senate, could not be quoted as a case
parallel to what was done m the Senate. He did
not, therefore, think himself called upon to defend
his letter. But he thought it was not worse to
write a letter, than to be absent a week from the
Senate on an electioneering trip.
Mr. BADGER read from the record of debates
the decision of the Chair, on a former occasion, to
which he had already alluded, that the debate had
become too discursive; but at the stage it had"
reached, the Chair did not think it proper to arrest
it; and added that if the Vice President had per-
mitted a debate to proceed out of order, it must be'
considered as tolerated by the general consent of
the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER asked if it did not require the !
unanimous consent of the Senate to permit a Sen- I
ator to proceed out of order? j
Mr. MANGUM said there was no such motion, I
which was entirely an assumption. The only mo- ;
tion was, that he should have leave to proceed. If j
he gets out of order, he may he called to order. 1
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, said he should vote j
for the permission, because he thought the Senator i
from Delaware was especially called on to reply. ;
Mr. HALE said he should vote against permis- !
sion to proceed, although he did it with great pain, i
hecause there was no Senator for whom he had 1
greater lespeet.
Mr. FOOTE said the Senator from New Hamp- ■
shire never did anything but what was strictly
parliamentary and correct.
Mr. TURNEY said, in a few words, he should
vote against the permission, and moved to lay the
resolution on the table, but withdrew the motion.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the motion to permit Mr. Clayton- to proceed,
and was decided as follows:
Felch, Fitzgerald, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Mason. Niles, Se-
bastian, Turney, Walker, and Yuiee—22.
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell. Borland, Breeze, Calhoun,
Clarke, Corwm, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dayton, Foote, Greene. Johnson of Mirvland. Johnson
of Louisiana, Johnson of Geoigut, Lewis, Mungum, Met-
calfe, Millei. PearcOa Phelps, Husk, Spruance, Underwood,
Upham, and Westcott—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Berrien,
Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, DownsJ
Mr, CLAYTON then ^resumed his remarks,
stating that he would confine himself as closely
within the limits of order as he could. But he had
been directly invoked to reply by the Senator from
Mississippi. As to the views of General Taylor,
he knew no more of them than every other person
who had access to the newspapers of the day might
know. He believed that General Taylor's opinions
had been misrepresented by the Senators on the
other side. Although he had been nominated by
a Whig convention, and as a Whig, which he un-
doubtedly is, he is not pledged to carry out every
principle and measure which have been advocated
by the Whigs. He comes into the field, and he
trusted he would come into the Presidency, not as
a party man. He was originally brought forward
by the Democrats; he had received the nomina-
tions of thousands of Whigs and Democrats, be-
fore he became the nominee-of the Philadelphia
Whig Convention. The only ground on which
the Democrats now disaffect'him is, that he was
nominated by the Whig Convention. Mr. C. then
read General Taylor's letter to Captain Allison, to
show that he was in favor of the right of man to
exercise self-government, of the will of the major-
ity to govern; that he was opposed to the exercise
or the veto power, except in cases where'the Con-
stitution is violated; and that he was in favor of
the improvement of our lakes and rivers.
He then referred to the principles of the Balti-
more Convention and the nomination of General
Cass, likening the action of the party to the course
of a man who sits down with cards to play the
game of solitaire, and who never fails to deceive
himself. So, he maintained, the party deceived
itself from the commencement of the campaign. He
asked if the course of the Democratic party was
not looking to the supremacy of an oligarchy of
office-holders, and ultimately to a monarchy?
This, he said, was proved by the introduction and
the operation of the two-thirds principle in the
Baltimore Convention. He went on to refute the
construction which placed the veto power in the
hands of the President to enable him to defend
himself. He quoted from the Federalist to show
that this was an erroneous conclusion. It was
never intended that the President should be a part
of the legislative power of the Government. He
referred to the debates on the veto in the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution, in order to
show the true intent of the instrument as to the
powers of the Executive. Among other opinions,
he introduced the opinions of Franklin, Mason,
and Sherman, to show that they regarded the in-
troduction of the veto power asastep towards mon-
archy. Yet this very veto power was laid down as
one of the principles of the Baltimore Convention
which has fastened it on the Democratic party.
This extreme medicine has become our daily food,
when the President exercises his veto power in
reference to a private bill. In advocating General
Taylor, he was called on to assert the right of man
to self-government. On that ground he would sup-
port General Taylor, who has plainly and nobly
advocated the right of the majority to govern,'and
because he will only apply the veto in extreme
eases, General Taylor will not set himself as a
part of the legislative branch. ♦
Mr. FOOTE asked if the Senator from Dela-
ware would say if General Taylor would veto the
Wilmot proviso?
Mr, CLAYTON said he would answer, when
he reached that question. The author of the veto
power intended to make the President a part of
the legislative power, but the framers of the Con-
stitution had thwarted his intention. The veto
power is asserted by the Baltimore Convention,
and General Cass assents to the principles laid
•v ji down by that Convention.
: He went on to reply to the questions put by the
! Senator from Mississippi; and Hist, as to the tariff,
i General Taylor lays it down, that he will be di-
' rected by the will of the people, as evinced by their
, representatives. This was all he (Mr. C.) required.
! He only desired that our tariff policy should con-
1 form to the will of the people. He did not desire
, a new tarifTto be forced upon the country by Ex-
. ecutive dictation.
; Every man who occupies Democratic ground
i may vote for General Taylor without disgracing
i or degrading himself, because General Taylor ad-
' mits that the will of the majority ought to govern,
