1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
and every Democrat admits the same. Every Dem-
ocrat, therefore, if he be a republican, may con-
sistently vote forG-eneral Taylor. On the contrary,
no true republican can support General Cass.
Mr. C, glanced at the history of the Baltimore
Convention of 1844, to show that a fraud was there
practised on Mr. Van Buren, who went into the
Convention under the impression that a majority
would govern.
To the charge against General Taylor that he
is not a learned man, that he has not a sufficient
knowledge of books, that he had no college educa-
tion, Mr. C. replied, asserting that the Senator from
Mississippi had not lessened the character of Gen-
eral Taylor by this imputation. General Cass was
a man of knowledge, General Taylor was a wise
man, Martin Van Buren was a cunning, but not a
wise man. As to General Taylor's admission of
his ignorance of politics, he, in that respect, stood
precisely on the ground occupied by General Wash-
ington. It was asked whether General Taylor
would support the sub-treasury and the bank. To
this he answered, that General Taylor would sub-
mit to the voice of the people in all respects, while
General Cass was bound by the party obligations
to put down the will of the people.
in answer to a question from Mr. Foote, he as-
serted that the veto was a conservative power, and
that it was no part of the policy of the Whig party
to destroy the veto. As to the United States Bank,
he asserted his belief that it could no more benefit
the country, unless it would be sustained by the
two great parties of the country* He had himself
always voted for the bank, " under your lead," sir,
said he, (addressing himself to the President of the
Senate,) when you were chairman of the com-
mittee which reported the bill, and when you after-
wards advocated it. I also, sir, voted with you
against the message of the President which returned
the bill after it was vetoed. He referred to some
further movements in the Baltimore Convention as
to a system of internal improvements, when the
Convention expunged a certain portion of the res-
olutions under consideration, lest it should con-
demn its nominee. He asked if Geneial Cass
would veto a general-improvement bill?
Mr. FOOTE expressed a belief that General Cass
would veto an internal-improvement bill: he would
like to know if General Taylor would veto such a
bill.
Mr. CLAYTON believed he would not, unless
the two Houses had gone raving mad, and passed
an appropriation of much more amount than could
be found in the treasury. He would ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois if General Cass would veto a bill
for internal improvement in Illinois?
Mr. BREESE. If I thought he would, I would
not vote for him.
Mr. CLAYTON". Does the Senator from Illi-
nois think General Cass would veto a bill for the
improvement of lakes and rivers?
Mr. BREESE. I believe he would not. He
voted for the bill which was vetoed, and, with me,
against the veto. But General Cass would not sus-
tain a general system of internal improvement.
Mr. CLAYTON". It is difficult to know pre-
cisely what are General Cass's opinions, as one of
his friends says one thing, and another gives him
the credit of opinions directly the opposite. But
General Cass had voted for every internal-improve-
ment bill since he (Mr.C.) had been with the General
in Congress. Probably there were two sets of opin-
ions—a northern and a southern set—-which were
to be identified with General Cass, as might suit his
purposes and promote his interests. In reference
to the charge which had been advanced that the
Whigs had no platform: The Baltimore Conven-
tion had laid down a great platform in 1844, on
which they put Oregon—the title clear and indis-
putable up to 54° 40'. Did the party obey this
platform ? For six months they agitated the coun-
try with the question, and then abandoned the plat-
form, and took the British boundary line. Plat-
forms now were only objects of contempt. There
was another platform concerning the tariff, which
was played off in different forms, in different parts
of the country: and now the public have become
pretty well tired of platforms. He illustrated the
character of the Democratic platform and candidate
by referring to the couplet—
" The devil was sK-k—the devil a monk would be;
The devil got weH—the devil a monk was he !"
As to the Wilmot proviso, he knew no more of
General Taylor's opinions than the Senator from
Mississippi did. The State of Delaware was op- j!
posed to the adoption of these geographical and ll
sectional questions as political questions. She was
willing to leave territories free which we found
free, and where they are slaveholding, to qpffer
them to remain so. Should he discover that a
geographical question is about to be made out of
the Wilmot proviso, he would do all he could to
obtain a compromise.
Mr. FOOT-E still pressed the question.
Mr. CLAYTON said - he had no authority to
speak for General Taylor. If General Taylor
would appoint him to be the medium of his senti-
ments on the subject, he would willingly inform
the Senator. He would now ask whether General
Cass would veto the Wilmot proviso?
Mr. FOOTE believed that General Cass would
veto it.
Mr. CLAYTON then asked if General Cass
concurred in the sentiments contained in the report
of Mr. Yancey to the Baltimore Convention ?
Mr. FOOTE replied that he believed he did.
He then said that it was a subject he had not in-
vestigated, and he could not say positively. Gen-
eral Yancey's sentiments were reprobated by the
Democracy.
Mr. CLAYTON. And they were supported by
General Cass. Had he traveled with General
Taylor through the country, he would have known
his opinions. He then referred to a law in Mich-
igan, credited to General Cass, by which a man
who did not attend to his business, take care of
his family, or who was licentious in speech, &c.,
should be punished with ten stripes. He recol-
lected that a charge was made in the Harrison .
campaign that General Harrison had obtained the j
passage of a law for the sale of poor white people, !
which it o;ave the Whigs some trouble to remove. I
Mr. FOOTE said a law must be verified before 1
it could be admitted. He understood there was
1 such a law in existence in Michigan. But where
> did the Senator from Delaware get this law? Did
he cut the paragraph from a newspaper? and was
it an Abolition paper? He said that the original ;
law was in Vermont. j
Mr. HALE called the Senator to order, but, at
the suggestion of several Senators around him,
withdrew the call.
Mr. FOOTE resumed. He believed there was
some such statute in Michigan; but General Case
did not introduce it into the Legislature; but as
Governor, he did not veto it. And this was a
charge brought by the anti-veto Senator against
General Cass. . j
Mr. CLAYTON said that General Cass was a i
member of the Council, had nothing to do with j
veto, and had s;iven his sanction to the law. j
Mr. FOOTE said, notwithstanding all this at- I
tack, General Cass would ride into the Presidential j
chair triumphantly over that party which either i
has no principles, or is ashamed to express them. ,
He then ran over in review the sentiments which j
he had previously thrown out. j
Mr. UPHAM said he desired to tell the Senator |
from Mississippi, that no such law as the Senator j
had charged as existing in Vermont had ever ex- i
isted there. * !
Mr. FOOTE explained. |
Mr. WESTCOTT said the original law was j
enacted in Massachusetts. I
Mr. CLAYTON made some further explana- ■
tions respecting the law. |
Mr. FE&CH also made some remarks on the
law. '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, defended the. :
President of the Philadelphia Convention against
some misconstructions of his expression in his in-
augural speech. It was charged that he had said
"to the victors belong the spoils." No such lan-
guage was used by bun.
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
Bright to strike out the " 17th'' and insert the
" 31st" of July, as the day of adjournment.
Mr. DOWNS moved to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution until Monday, the
17th; and on this motion the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN thought it was uncourteons to
the House to hold the resolution until the very day
fixed*before we act on it.
Mr. DOWNS expressed a hope that this ques-
tion would not be urged now, but that Congress
would refuse to adjourn until the slave question
shall be settled. He referred to the proposition for
a Congress of Wilmot proviso men near Buffalo;
and expressed his fear that an alarming crisis was
approaching, which he hoped Congress would re-
main in session to meet.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 19, nays 32.
Mr. BREESE moved the postponement until
Thursday, 13th instant; and the yeas and nays
were ordered on this question.
The question being taken on this motion, it was
decided in the negative—yeas 22, nays 28.
The question being on the motion to insert the
31st July—
Mr. DOWNS moved to strike out 31st July and
insert 14th August. He stated his reason for this
motion to be the impossibility of determining now
whether the public business could be disposed of
before the day he had named. He believed it im-
possible that the appropriation and the territorial
bills could be passed by the 31st July.
Mr. BRIGHT expressed his belief that we
might be prepared to adjourn on the 31st, if Sen-
ators would vote more and speak less. Too much
time had been lost here in speech-making; but be
did not fear that speeches here would endanger the
Union.
Mr. RUSK said that he could not give his as-
sent to these sentiments while a war is going on
in Oregon—while so many private claims remain
unacted on—and the Californias are without a gov-
ernment. Fix the 31st July, and these bills will
not pass.
A motion was then made to lay the resolution
on the table, which was negatived—yeas 25, nays
26.
The debate was then renewed on the motion of
Mr. Downs; when
Mr. LEWIS moved to lay the whole subject on
j the table; which was negatived—yeas 24, nays25.
I Mr. RUSIv moved that the Senate adjourn—
, yeas 21, nays 26.
I The question was then taken upon the amend-
i ment of Mr. Dowxs, substituting the 14th of Au-
gust for the 31st of July, and determined in the
negative—yeas 14, nays 33, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Benton, Borland, Butler, Cal-
houn, Dickinson, Downs, Foote, Hunter, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Rusk, and Sebastian—
14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bradbury,
Breese, Bright, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dix, Dod«e, Pelcli, Fiueer.Jd,
Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Johnson of Maryland, Manguin,
Mason, Metcalf, Miller, Rhles, Pearee, Phelps, Spi nance,
Stuigeon, Turney, Underwood, Upham, and "Yulee—33.
After a few remarks from Messrs. DAVIS, of
Mississippi, and ALLEN—
The question was taken upon the amendment
of Mr. Bright, to strike out the 17th and insert
: the 31st July, and it was determined in the affirm-
i ative—yeas 30, nays ]8, as follows:
I \AYs—Messrs. Allen. Atherton, Badger, Bell, Beruen,
Bradbsnv, Breese, Bruht. Clarke, Corvria. Davis ol Massa-
chusetts", Davton, Dickinson, DiX, Feleh, Filigerald, Greene,
1 Hale, Hamlin, Johnson of Maryland, Man um, Metcalf,
Miller, fiiles, Peaiec, Phelps, Spruance, Stuigeou, Under-
[ wood, and t'pham—30.
I NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Borland, Butler, Calhoun, Davis
! of Mississippi, Dodje, Foote, Hunter, Johnson ot Lonisi-
■ ana. Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Mason, Rusk, Sebastian,
! Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—18.
i After a few words from Mr. DICKINSON—
I Amotion was made by Mr. BRIGHT to lay
t the resolution on the table, which was agreed to—
I yeas 26, nays 22, as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Bell, Benton, Borland, Breese,
! Bright, Buller. Calhoun, Daus ot Mississippi, Bickin-on,
' Dodire, Downs. Fil/.^erald, Foote, Hunter, Johnson of Lou-
isiana. Johnson of Genrsia, L°wis, Mangum, Mason. Rusk,
Seba-ltan, I-Murseon, Turney, VTesteolt, and Yalee—ao.
\ \ Y.-'—NTi\-~i - Alh-ii, llidaer, Beirien. Bradburv. C larke,
Coiwm.D.iviso' Massachusetts, Day ion, Div, Felt hrfcoeene,
Hale. Hamlin, Johnson of M irvlaiid. Metcalf. Wilier, Niles,
' Pearee. Phelps, Spruance, Underwood, and ^J£'am ~-
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 6,1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr COBB, of Alabama, by the general consent
1 of the House, moved to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union fiom the
further consideration of the bill to amend the act
approved 24th of May, 1824, entitled An act
supplementary to an act approved on the; 3d of
March, 1819, entitled ' An act providing for he
| correction of errors in making entries of land at the
i Iami offices."'
