900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July. 6,
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
then read and ordered to be engrossed; and, being
engrossed, was read a third time and passed.
Mi. PRESTON, by leave, from the Committee
on the Library, to which was referred Senate bill
to purchase the papers of Alexander Hamilton,
deceased, reported the same back to the House,
•without amendment. Committed.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications for the year
ending Jane 30th, 1849, was recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HUNT called for the orders of the day. -
RIVER AND I/ARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The business first in order was the report of the
Committee on Commerce, and accompanying re-
solutions, on the message of the President assign-
ing his reasons for withholding his sanction to the
river and harbor bill of last session, the memo-
rial of the Chicago Convention, and various other
memorials for the improvement of rivers and har-
bors.
The pending motion was to reconsider the vote
of yesterday by which the first resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. TURNER, who was entitled to the floor,
rose and occupied an hour in giving expression to
his views on the subject of internal improvements,
and in opposition to the Committee on Commerce
in reporting 'the resolutions before the House.
[Thisspeech will be found in the Appendix.] When
he concluded—
Mr. WENTWORTH said, if any member of
this House ought to speak on this question, one
coming from his locality ought to be heard in rela-
tion to it; but there were an immense number of
measures before Congress which ought to be acted
upon before the adjournment, and before he sat
down he should therefore move toMaythe motion
to reconsider on the table. This was the first
Whig Congress that he had ever attended, and it
was the only Congress he had seen delay so long
the passage of a bill for harbor and river improve-
ments. After commenting on this fact, he called
upon the House to print the Chicago memorial,
the report thereon, and Mr. Polk's veto message
in one document, that they might go to the coun-
try and be read by the people together. He con-
cluded by moving to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the
chair,) and took up the bill making appropriations
for the Post Office Department, which had been
returned from the Senate with some amendments.
The first amendment of the Senate reduces the
amount proposed to be appropriated for the trans-
portation of the mails within the United States,
$45,000. This amendment was concurred in, under
a recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means some days ago.
The second amendment of the Senate appro-
priates for the transportation of the mail between
Charleston, South Carolina, and Havana, by way
of Key West, touching at Savannah, §50,000; and
for the transportation of the mail by said line, or
by other steamers, to such other places on the coast
of Florida as the Postmaster General may deem
practicable and expedient, $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
a disagreement to the second amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. HARALSON desired to lay before the com-
mittee some facts which might be serviceable in
forming a correct opinion as to the vote they might
give on the pending question. If they were now
commencing the system of steam mail-boats for
intercommunication with distant parts of the Union,
and other countries, he did not know what would
be the course he should pursue. He might be
disposed to doubt the course which we ought to
pursue. That policy, however, having been com-
menced, and as we could not now discontinue a
system which was pursued with so much activity
by other nations, he was inclined the rather to
facilitate such communication, and therefore he at
once declared himself the advocate of the measure
under consideration. This Union ought not to be
dependent on other nations, but should pursue a
policy of its own; and hence the subject wad one
which we ought gravely to consider, when other
nations were making such rapid strides in the es-
tablishment of lines of communication with other
parts of the world. They were aware that the
Briysh Government had two immensely expensive
lines of communication: the one communicating
with the ports of Boston and New York in the
north, and the other with the West India Islands
in the south.
These lines were sustained by the British Gov-
ernment at a loss of more than a million of dollars
per annum, so conscious were they of the import-
ance of the facilities which these lines of steamers
afforded. And in the advantages of lines of com-
munication between New York and the southern
cities to New Orleans, and thence by the Gulf of
Mexico and the Pacific Ocean, in which we have
now considerable possessions, this country should
participate. It would be well to look for a moment
at the legislation of Congress on this subject. He
then called the attention of the committee to the
act approved March 3d, which gave to the Navy
Department authority to control the building and
equipment of certain steamboats, which were in-
tended for these lines of intercommunication,
touching at Charleston, Havana, Chagres, &c.,
and pointed "particularly to the fact that the law
authorized the Navy Department to control them
while m such service, and to take them for the ex-
clusive use of the United States whenever circum-
stances might require it; a large penalty of one
hundred thousand dollars being the prescribed pun-
ishment for refusing or neglecting to surrender
those vessels to this Government on the demand
of the Secretary of the Navy.
This Government, then, would ever have steam
vessels ready for the transportation of its troops
to such points as might call for their presence.
The vessels were to be connected with the naval
service of the country, but they were only to be
taken and paid for in case of emergency, when
they would be valued by commissioners to be ap-
pointed by the company and by the United States;
and who was there that would not say the Gov-
ernment would do well thus to have the control of
private property which it could take to its exclu-
sive use in case of necessity? It would obviate
the necessity of keeping a large naval armament
at an enormous expense in time of peace, and
would still keep the Government prepared for any
sudden emergency.
This Sioo contract, as well as all the other con-
tracts, contained the same provision of law, that
the vessels were to be turned over t<? the Govern-
ment, at the option of the Government, whenever
required, and subjecting the contractors to a heavy
penalty in the event of their declining to comply
with this condition. He read the law authorizing
the Postmaster General to contract for the transport-
ation of the mail in steam vessels from Charleston
to Chagres, touching at St. Augustine and Havana,
thence across the Isthmus of Panama, and thence
to Oregon, and contended, that as the Secretary of
the Navy had contracted for a part of the route,
the Postmaster General, in contracting only for the
other part, had earned out the spirit of the law.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, desired to ask
the gentleman from Georgia whether any of the
other lines of mail steamers between New York
and Savannah, or anywhere else, run oftener than
once a fortnight? And why it was that this line
alone was to run weekly?
Mr. HARALSON said the gentleman was en-
tirely mistaken. The contract with the company
in South Carolina was to run only once in two
weeks.
Mr. HOUSTON replied, Very true; but the gen-
tleman from Georgia would certainly not attempt
to conceal the fact that another line was running
over the same route once in two weeks, and the
two made a weekly line to Charleston and Savan-
nah, which was not the case on any other route.
Mr. HARALSON was understood to admit that
by the two lines a weekly mail would be trans-
mitted between New York and Charleston and
Savannah, and to express his surprise that a
southern gentleman should object to it.
Mr. HOUSTON said the gentleman seemed de-
sirous to put him [Mr. Houston] in a position
antagonistic to the South.
Mr. HARALSON replied that he put the gen-
tleman in no other position than that which he
voluntarily assumed.
Mr, HOUSTON took his position where his
senseof duty pointed,however it affected the North
or the South. He was not restricted within geo-
graphical lines in the discharge of his duties here.
But the gentleman seemed to indicate that this was
an effort to defeat the South in procuring mail
facilities. He would like to know what mail facili-
ties New Orleans had ? Did New Orleans get the
benefit of this weekly service which was now at-
tempted to be given to Charleston and Savannah?
He believed Savannah was in Georgia, the gentle-
man's own State.
Mr. HARALSON had never charged the gentle-
man with being opposed to the South and in favor
of the North, nor would he degrade himself so
much as to stand here the exclusive-representative
of any particular section or interest. If gentlemen
would listen to him, they would discover that by
this arrangement, which might be made by the
Postmaster Geneial, all the ports on the Atlantic
would enjoy a weekly communication, not only
with Havana and the West India Islands, but also,
by means of the northern line of intercommunica-
tion, with England and with Europe. The Sloo
line run once in two weeks: if this line was au-
thorized to be made by the Postmaster General, it
would run also once in two weeks, but under the
order of that officer might be required to run on
the alternate weeks, so that the result would be a
weekly communication between New York and
the West India Islands, touching at the Atlantic
ports, and a weekly communication would have
a tendency to discontinue the southern British line*
which communicated with the West Indies at so
great cost on their part. Now, if by amicable ar-
rangement we could become the carriers of the
mail along our coast to the West Indies, and do
away with this British line, would it not be a great
point gained, and would it not contribute largely
to sustain these lines, whrch we were told by the
Postmaster General were so expensive to the Uni-
ted States?
There was another view of this subject which
he desired to present. He was proud to represent
in part a State which, although it boasted not,
might boast that it was the great railroad State of
| this Union. According to the latest estimates
which he had seen, there were in actual operation
in the State of Georgia railroads which communi-
cated with the city of Charleston on one side and
their own seaport town, Savannah, on the other,
to the extent of nearly seven hundred miles; an
amount of railroad communication, he believed,
not surpassed except by one State in the Union.
This line of communication, he would state, passed
beyond ihe mountains, and connected with the
great waters of the West; Savannah and Charles-
ton were the seaport towns, nearer the great centre
of the western water communication—the junction
of the Ohio and Mississippi—than any other of the
Atlantic ports. He dwelt upon the great import-
ance of having thus a direct and frequent commu-
nication between the western country and the
Atlantic, and warmly urged the advantages of
authorizing the line under contemplation, particu-
larly mentioning the fact that it would cost but
§50,000—only half the amount appropriated for
the purpose by the law of 1837; and was proceed-
ing, when he was arrested by the expiration of the
period allotted to debate.
The CHAIRMAN announced the questionupon
concurring in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, by general con-
sent, addressed an inquiry to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. From the papers
relative to the subject, he understood the amount
of the contract to be $45,000, and yet he saw that
the appropriation proposed was $50,000. Would
the gentleman inform him the reason of this dis-
crepancy in amounts?
Mr. VINTON replied that the gentleman from
Alabama, who was a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and one of those who rejected
this amendment, knew as much about it as ne did.
The amendment appropriating §50,000 was put in
by the Senate; the contract was for $45,000; why
this $5,000 excess was proposed was more than
he could state, as the Senate had sent no papers
over.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, would answer the ques-
tion. It was simply an additional compensation
h for their going to Savannah.
jj Mr. RHETT explained also that the contract
|. did not stipulate for the steamers going to Savan-
li nah. The appropriation provided for it.
