1848;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
Mr. HOUSTON understood, then, this appro-
priation to be clear!y in violation of the contract.
Mr. CABELL asked to have a letter read from
the First Assistant Postmaster Gen.erai on the sub-
ject.
Objections were made.
Mr. VINTON called a division of the question,
but withdrew the call.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, renewed,the call
for a division of the question.
The CHAIRMAN, on reflection, decided the
question indivisible, and that it was on concurrence
in the Senate's amendments collectively.
The committee were dividing on the question;
when—
Mr. HOUSTON proposed to bring up the ques-
tion by moving an amendment to the Senate's
amendment to reduce the amount §5,000.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order as coming too
late.
The question being taken, the Senate's amend-
ments were concurred in—ayes 71, noes 46—and
were laid aside to be reported to the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL. X
The committee then took up the bill " making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1849, and for other
purposes," to which various amendments were
made by the Senate.
The Committee of Ways and Means, to whom
were referred the amendments of the Senate, rec-
ommended to the House to concur in the thirteen
first amendments, and also to concur in the 17th
and last amendment.
The recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means being agreed to, the above indicated
amendments of the Senate were concurred in by
the Committee of the Whole.
The 14th amendment of the Senate strikes out
the third section of the bill. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a disagreement to
this amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, spoke an hour in
opposition to the reduction of the Indian agencies
which was proposed by this bill.
Mr. McKA.Y replied at some length. Messrs.
THOMPSON, of Indiana, and BA.RRINGER, of
North Carolina, also participated in the discussion.
The committee then rose and reported, without
having passed upon all the amendments proposed
to this bill, ,
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE POST OFFICE.
The committee, however, having reported its
concurrence in the amendments of the Senate to
the bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department—
The question was stated to the House on con-
curring with the Committee of the Whole in their
agreement to these amendments.
The first amendment, reducing the appropriation
for the transportation of the mails within the Uni-
ted States, $45,000, was agreed to.
The question was then stated on the second
amendment, of the Senate, viz: appropriating
$50,000 for the transportation of the mail in steam
vessels between Charleston, South Carolina, and
Havana, by way of Key West, touching at Sa-
vannah; $5,000 for the transportation of the mail
in the same line, or by other steamers, to such
places on the coast of Florida as may be deemed
practicable and expedient by the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays, and they were ordered and taken, and
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams. Atkinson, Barringer,
Barrow, Blanchard, Boydon, Albert G. Brown, Burt,Cabell,
Cathcart, Chapman, Clingman, Cocke, Cranston, Crowell,
Crozier, Domiell, Duer, Dunn, Edwards, Fisher, Fulton,
Gaines, Go:_'gin, Gregory, Grmnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall,
James G. Hampton, Haralson, Haskell, Henry, Hill, Hilliard,
Elias B. Holme*, John VV. Houston, Hunt, Iverson, Robert
W, Johnson, John W. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas Butler King,
Daniel P. Kin?, McDowell, Mcllvame, McLane, Marsh,
Meade, Morehead, Outlaw, Pettit, Pollock, Preston, Rhett,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman,Root, Rumsey,
St. John, Shepperd, Silvester, Simpson, Sims Smart, Tru-
man Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Strohm, Taylor, James
Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Tompkins, Toombs,
Venable, Vinton, Wallace, Warren, Wentworth,and Wood- >
ward—81 - j
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Bovvhn, Boyd, Beverly L. ;
Clarke, Howell Cobh, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cummins,
Dickey, Dickinson, Embree, Nathan Evans, Faran, Feath- j
erston, Ficklin, Fries, Giddings, Green, Wiilard P. Hall, 1
Hammons, Harris, George S. Houston, Andrew Johnson,
James H. Johnson,George W.Jones, Kennon, Lahm, Lord,
Lynde, McClelland, McClernand,McKay, Job Mann, Miller,
Moms, Mnllin, Palfrey, Peaslee, Peck, Peyton, Phelps,
Pillsbury, Rockhill, Sawyer, Robert Smith, Starkweather,
Charles E. Stuart, Thomas, Thurston, Wick, Wiley, and
Wilmot—50. ' ' '
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved a reconsideration of the
last vote; which motion to reconsider was laid on
the table.
The amendments of tfie Senate having: been
agreed to, the Post Office appropriation bill"stands
passed.
THE MEXICAN WAR.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message, in writing, from the President of
the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States:
I lay before Congress copies of a treaty of peace, friend-
ship. limits, and settlement, between the'United States and
the Mexican Republic, the ra'ifications of which were duly
exchanged at the city of dueretaro, in Mexico, on the 30th
day of May, 1848.
The war m which our country was reluctantly involved,
in the necessary vindication of the national rights and honor,
has been thus terminated; and I congratulate Congress, and
our common constituents, upoa the restoration of an honor-
able peace.
The extensive and valuable tenitories ceded by Mexico to
the United States constitute indemnity for the past, and the
brilliant achievement? and signal successes of our arms will
be a guarantee of security for the future, by convincinsr ail
nations that our rights must be respected. The results of
the war with Mexico have given to the United States a
national character abroad which our country never before
enjoyed. Our power and our resources have become known,
and are respected throughout the world; and we shall prob-
ably be saved from the necessity of engaging in another
foreign war for a long series of yeais. It is a subject of con-
gratulation that we have parsed through a war oi more than
two years' duration, with the business of the country urnn
terrupted, with our resources unexhausted, and the public
ciedit unimpaired,
I communicate for the information of Congress the accom-
panying documents and coriespondence relating to the ne-
gotiation and ratification of the treaty.
Before the treaty can be fully executed on the part of the
United States, legislation will he required. It will be proper
to make the necessary appropriations for the payment of the
twelve millions of dollars, stipulated by the twelfth article
to be paid to Mexico in four equal annual instalments. Three
millions of dollars were appropriated by the act of March 3,
1847, and that sum was paid to the Mexican Government
after the exchange of the ratifications of the treaty.
The fifth article of the treaty provides, that" in order to
designate the boundary line with due precision upon authori-
tative maps, and to establish upon the ground land-marks
which shall show the limits of both Republics, as described
in the present article, the two Governments shall each ap-
point a commissioner and a surveyor, who, before the expi-
ration of one year from the date of the exchange of ratifica-
tions ofthis treaty, shall meet at the port of San Diego, and
proceed to run and mark the'said boundary in its whole
course to the mouth of the Rio Bravo del Norte." It will
be necessary that provision should be made by law for the
appointment of a commissioner and d suiveyor on the pait
of the United States, to acH in conjunction with a commis-
sioner and surveyor appointed by Mexico, in executing the
stipulations of this article.
It will be proper al-=o to provide by law for the appoint-
ment of a "board of commissioners" to adjudicate and
decide upon all (laims of our citizens against the Mexican
Government, winch, by the treaty, have been assumed by
the United States.
New Mexico and Upper California have been ceded by
Mexico to the United States, and now constitute a part o"f
our country. Embracing nearly ten decrees of latitude,
lying adjacent to the Oregon Tenitory, and extending from
the Pacific Ocean to the Rio Grandf, a mean distance of
nearly a thousand miles, It would be difficult to estimate the
value of these possessions to the United States. They con-
stitute of themselves a country large enough for a great em-
pire, and their acquisition is second only in importance to
that of Louisiana in 1803. Rich in mineral and agricultural
resources, with a climate ot great salnbritv, they embrace
the most important ports on the whole Pacific coast of the
continent of Nortli America. The possession of the ports
of San Diego, Monterev, and the bay of San Francisco,
will enable the United States to command the already valu-
able and rapidly increasing commerce of the Pacific. The
number of our whale-ships alone, now employed in that
sea, exceeds seven hundred, requiring more than twenty
thousand seamen to navigate them; while the capital in-
vested in this particular branch of commerce is estimated at
not less than forty millions of dollars. The excellent har-
bors of Upper California will, under our flag, afford security
and repose to our commercial marine; and American me-
chanics will soon furnbh ready means of ^hip-building and
repair, which are now so much wanted in that distant sea.
By the acquisition of these possessions, we are brought
into immediate proximity with the west coast of America,
from Cape Horn to the Russian possessions north of Oregon;
with the islands of the Pacific Ocean; and, by a direct voy-
age in steamers, we will be in less than thirty days of Can-
ton and other parts of China.
In this vast region, whose rich resources are soon to be
developed by American energy and enterprise, great must
be the augmentation of our commerce; and with it, new
and profitable demands for mechanic labor in alius branches,
and new and valuable markets for our manufactures and
agricultural products.
While the war has been conducted with great humanity
'and forbearance, and with complete success on our part, the
peace has flpn concluded on terms the most liberal and
magnanimous to Mexico. In her hands* the territories now
ceded had remained, and, it is believed, would have con-
tinued to remain, almost unoccupied, and of little value to
her or to any other nation; whilst, as a part of our Union,
they will be productive of vast benefits to the United States,
to the commercial world, and to the general interests of
mankind.
The immediate establishment of territorial governments,
and the extension of our laws over these valuable posses-
sions, are deemed to be notonly important, but indispensable
to preserve order and the due administration of justice
within their limits, to afford protection to the inhabitants,
and to facilitate the development of the vast resources and
wealth which their acquisition has added to our country.
The war with Mexico having terminated, the power of
the Executive to establish or to continue temporary civil
Governments over these territories, which existed under the
laws of nations whilst they were regarded as conquered prov-
inces in our military occupation, has ceased. By their ces-
sion trf the United States, Mexico has no longer any powct
over them; and, until Congress shall act, the inhabitants will
be without any organized Government. Should they be left
in this condition, confusion and anarchy will be likely to
prevail.
Foreign commerce to aconstderable amount is now carried
on m the ports of Upper California, which will require to be
regulated by our taws. As soon as our system shall be ex-
tended over this commerce,arevenue ofconsulei able amount
will be at once collected,, and it is not doubted that it will be
annually increased. For these and other obvious reasons, I
deem it to be my duty earnestly to recommend the action of
Congress on the subject at the present session.
In organizing Governments over these territories, fraught
with such vast advantages to every portion of our Union, I
invoke that spirit of concession, conciliation, and compro-
mise in yout deliberations, in which the Constitution was
framed, in which it should be administered, and which is so
indispensable to preserve and perpetuate the harmony and
union of the States. We should never forget that this Union
of confederated States was established and cemented by kin-
dred blood, and by the common toils, suffering*, dangers,
and triumph^ of all its parts, and has been the ever augment- -•
ine source of our national greatness and of all our blessings.
There has, perhaps, been no period since the warning so
impressively given to his countrymen by Washington to
guatd against geographical divisions and sectional paities,
which appeals with greater force than the present to the pa-
triotic, sober-minded, and reflecting of all parties and of all
sections of our country. Who can calculate the value of
1 our glououv Union ? It is a model and example of free gov-
j eminent to all the world, and is the star of hope and the
; haven of rest to the oppressed of every clime. By its pres-^
1 ervation. we have been rapidly advanced as a nation to a ^
height of strength, power, and happiness without a parallel
m the history of the world. As we extend its blessings over
new regions, shall we be so unwise as to endanger its exist-
ence by geographical divisions and dissensions ?
With a view to encourage the early settlement of these
distant possessions, I recommend that liberal grants of the
public lands be secured to all our citizens who have settled,
or may in a Jnnited period settle, within their limits.
In execution of Jhe provisions of the treaty, orders have
been issued to our military and naval forces to evacuate,
without delay, the Mexican provinces, cities, town*, and
fortified places in our military occupation, and which are
not embrace'd m the territories ceded to the United States.
The army is already on its way to the United States. That
portion of it, as well regulars as volunteers, who engaged to
serve during the war with Mexico, will be discharged as soon
as they can be transported or marched to convenient pouiU
in the vicinity of their homes. A pitit of the regulai army
will be empftned in New Mexico and Upper California, to
afford protection to the inhabitants, and to guard our inter- <
ests m these territories.
The old army, as it exited before the commencement of
the war with Mexico—especially if authority be given to fiU
up the rank and file of the several corps to the maximum
number authorized during the war—it is believed, will be a
sufficient force to be retained in service during a period of
peace. A few additional officers in the line and staff of the
army have been authorized; and these, it is beheved.«wili
be necessary in the peace establishment, and should be re-
tained in the service. The number of the general officers
may be reduced, as vacancies occur by the casualties of the
service, to what it was before the war.
While the people of other countries*, who live under forms
of government less free than our own, have been tor ages
oppressed by taxation to support large standing armies in
periods of peace, our experience has shown that such es-
tablishments are unnecessary in a republic. Our standing
army is to be found in the bosom of sorietv. It iscomposod
of free citizens, who are ever ready to take up aims in the
service of their country, when an emergency regimes it.
Our expeiir-nce in the war just closed fullyconfinns the
opinion,that Mich an armymaybe raised upon a few weeks*
notice, and that our cittxen-soldiers are equal to any troops
in the world. No reason, therefore, is perceived why we
should enlarge our land foiees. and thereby subject the treas-
! urv to an annual'increased charge.
j Sound policy requires that we should avoid the creation
! of a laige standing army in a period of peace. No public
i exigency requires it. Such armies are not only expensive
Land unnecessary, but may become dangerous to liberty.
I Besides makingihenecessarylegislativc piovi^ionsforthe
! execution of the treaty, and the establishment of Territorial
! Governments in the cedf-d country, we have, upon the res-
toration -of peace, other important duties to perform. Among
these, I regard none as more important than the adoption of
proper measures for the speedy extingui&hmentot the nation-
al debt. It is against sound policy and the genius of our
institutions, that a public debt should be permitted to exist
a day longer than the means of the treasury will enable the
Government to pay it off.
We should adhere to the wise policy laid down by Pi evi-
dent Washington, of "avoiding ihe accumulation of debt,
< not onlv bv shunning occasions of expense, but by vigor-
< ous exertions in time of peace to discharge the debts wlncn
«unavoidable wars have occasioned, not ungenerously
< throwing upon posterity the burden we ourselves ought to
{bear."
