902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
At the commenccnienfof the present administration, the
public debt amounted to &I 7,784,799 62. In consequence
of the war will) Mexico, it ha* been necessarily increased,
and now amounts to .$65,778,450 41, including the stock and
treasury notes which may yet be issued under the act of
Jannnrv 28,1847, and the sixteen million loan recently ne-
gotiated under the act of Match 31, 1848.
In addition to the amount of the debt, the treaty stipulates
that iwelve millions of dollars shall be paid to Mexico in
lour equal annual instalments of three millions each ; the
first of which will iall due on the 30th of May, 1849. The
treaty aHo stipulates that the United States shall "assume
and pay" to our own citizens " the claims already h'qmda-
' ted and decided against the Mexican Republic," and « all
claims not heretofore decided against the Mexican Govern-
ment" " to an amount not exceeding three and one quarter
millions of dollars." The "liquidated" claims of citizens
of the United States against Mexico, as decided by the joint
board of commissioners under'tbe convention between the
United States and Mexico, of the 11th of April, 1839, amount-
ed to $2,026,139 68. This sum was payable in twenty equal
quarterly instalments. Three of them have been paid to the
claimants by the Mexican Government, and two by the Uni-
ted States; leaving to be paid of the principal of'the liqui-
dated amount assumed by the United States, the sum of
$1,519,604 76, together with the interest thereon. These
several amounts of " liquidated" and unliquidated claims
assumed by the United States, it is believed, may be paid as
they fall clue out of the accruing; revenue, without the issue
of stock or the creation of any additional public debt.
I cannot too strongly recommend to Consre«s the import-
ance of husbanding all our national resources, of limiting
the public expenditures to necessary objects, and of apply-
ing all the suiplus at anytime in the treasury to the redemp-
tion of Ihe debt. 1 lecommend that authority be vested in
the Executive by law to anticipate the period of reimburse-
ment of such portioTi of the debt as may not be now redeem-
able, and to purchase it, at. par, or at the premium which it
mav command in the market, in all cases m which that
authority has not already been granted. A premium has
b 'en obtained by Ihe Government on much the larger por-
tion of the loans ; and if when the Government becomes a
purchaser of its own stock, it shall command a premium m
the market, it will he sound policy to pay it, rather than to
pay the semi-annual interest upon it. The interest upon the
debt, if the outstanding treasury notes shall be funded, from
the end of the last fiscal year until it shall fall due and be
redeemable, will be very nearly equal to the principal, which
mun itself be ultimately paid.
Without changing or modifying the present tariff of duties,
so great has been the increase of our commerce under its
benign operation, that the revenue denvedfrom that source
and from the sale* of the public land5? will, it is confidently
believed, enable the Government to discharge annually sev-
eral millions of the debt, and at the same time possess the
me;in- of meeting necessary appropriations for all other
proper obiects. Unless Congress shall authorize largely in-
creased expenditures, for objects not of ab-oltite necessity,
the whole public debt existing before the Mexican war, and
that created during its continuance, maybe paid off, with-
out any increase of taxation on the people, long before it
will fall due.
Upon the restoration of peace, we should adopt a policy
suited to a state of peace, fn doing this, the earliest prac-
ticable payment of the public debt should be a cardinal prin-
ciple o( action. Profiting by the experience of the pa;?t, we
should avoid the errors into which the eountrv was betrayed
shortly after the close of the wai with GreatBritain in 1835.
In a few years after that period, a broad and latitudmous
construe tion of the powers of the Federal Government un-
fortunately received but too much countenance. Though
the country was burdened with a heavy public debt, laiie
and in some instances unnecessary and extravagant expend-
ltiues were authorized by Congress. The consequence
waj, that the payment of the debt was postponed for more
than twenty years; and even then, it was only accomplished
by the stern will and unbending policy of President Jack-
son, who made its payment a leading measure of his admin-
istration. He resisted the attempts which were made to
diveitrhe public money trom that great object, and apply it
in wasteful and extravagant expenditures for other objreti.,
some of them of more than doubtful constitutional author-
ity and expediency.
It the Government of the United States shall observe a
proper economy in its expenditures, and be confined in its
action to the conduct of our foreign relations and to the few
general objects of its care, enumerated in the Constitution,
leaving all municipal and local legislation to the. States, our
greatness as a nation in moral and physical power, and in
wealth and resources, cannot be calculated.
By pursuing this policy, oppressive measures operating
uneqiully and unjustly upon sections and classes will be
avoided; and the people, having no cause of complaint, will
pursue th-'ir own interests, under the blessings of equal
laws and the protection of aju«t and paternal Government.
By abstaining from the exercise of all powers not clearly
confcired, the,cement of our glorious Union, now number-
ing tini ty States, will be strengthened as we grow in age and
HK-rease in population, and our future destiny will be with-
out a parallel or example in the history of nations.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, July 6, 1848.
The message having been read—
Mr. BURT moved to refer so much of it as re-
lated to making; provisions for carrying into effect
the treaty with Mexico, to the Committee of Ways
and Means; so much as related to the army, to the
Committee on Military Affairs; so much as related
to the establishment of territorial governments, to
the Committee on the Territories; and that the
message be printed.
Mr. McKAY suggested to the gentleman to
modify his motion. There was another very im-
portant part of the message—much more important
than that which referred to the appropriations
necessary to carry the treaty into effect; for those
would not be needed until the next session. He
referred to that which proposed to authorize the
President to purchase the slock of the Government,
and suggested that that portion he referred also to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BURT acquiesced in the suggestion, and
modified his motion accordingly.
Mr. McCLERNAND said there was another
portion still which related to the public lands.
This should be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. VINTON said, before that portion of the
message which related to the territories was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories, he
desired to know a little more distinctly what it was
that constituted the territory that we had acquired.
He understood this message to say that we had
acquired by this cession the country beyond the
Rio Grande. We all knew that the President of
the United States had set up a government and
kept in operation a government for nearly two
years past on this side of the Rio Grande. He in-
formed this House that these governments, which
he had set up by virtue of his military authority,
were now extinguished by the peace. If the ter-
ritory of the United States prior to this war ex-
tended to the Rio Grande, he desired to know by
what authority the President of the United States
had established governments there. He desired
that some investigation should be had; that the
President of the United States should be called
upon to communicate to this House by what au-
thority hehad established ago.vernmentat Santa Fe,
and had exercised the powers of government there.
Mr, BURT suggested to the gentleman from
Ohio to allow the question to be taken on the ref-
erence of the message,'and that the debate, which
the gentleman seemed to have commenced, be car-
ried on on the question of printing the message.
Mr. VINTON replied, that when the message
was referred, it was out of the hands of the House.
As he had already said, if the boundary of the
United States before this war extended to the Rio
Grande, he trusted the message would never be
referred until the President of the United States
had been called upon to declare by what authority
he had established a government over any of the
then territories of the United States, or within the
limilsof any State of thisUnion. IfTexasextended
to the sources of the Rio Grande, he desired to
know by what authority the President had set up
a government within the territory of a State of
this Union ? If he had done it, it was a high-handed
usurpation of power, which he did not see how it
was possible for this House, as the impeaching
authority of this country, to pass over without
notice. If the territoiy on this side of the Rio
Grande was a portion of Mexico, if it was ac-
quired by our arms, the question as to his right to
set up military governments by viitue of subjuga-
tion and conquest, stood on the same footing on this
side as on the other side of the river. He wished
to know if the President had derived hi5* authority
to set up a government this side of the Rio Grande
from any other soui ce of power than that which
authorized him to set them up on the other side of
the Rio Grande? And, for one, he was not pre-
pared to see this message pass out of the hands of
the House until the President had answered this
m terrogatorv.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor, and moved the previous question on Mr.
Burt's motion.
Pending this question, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. MANN,of Pennsylvania: The petition of the heirs
of Matthew Jack, late of Westmoreland county, deceased,
who was a captain in the 8th regiment Pennsjlvamaline,in
the revolutionary war, praying for his commutation pay.
By Mr. MULLIN : The petition of Thomas M. Reade and
others, citizens of the county of Jefferson, New York, pray-
ing the abolition of the franking pnvileg >, and the reduction
of letter postage to the uniform rate of two cents.
Also, the petition of P. Burchard and otheis, citizens of
the same county, praying the establishment of a post route
from Cape Vincent to French creek, in said county.
By Mr. HALL, of Missouri: The petition of Jotin-Osborn
and others, citizens of Davies county, in the State of Mis-
souri, praving the establishment of a certain post route.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of New York: Petitions of eitizens
of the towns of Newfield, in Tompkins county, and Veteran,
in Chemung county, for a po=t route from Elmira to Ithaca,
throngh East Veteran and West Cayuta. g
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts ; Remonstrance of Hosea
IJslev and 38 others, citizens of Suffolk county, Massachu-
setts, against the removal of the marine hospital in the town
of Chelsea.
Bv Mr. INGE: The petition of Edward S- Dargan, W- P.
Chilton, WT. Collier, and sundry other citizens of the
State of Alabama, praying modification of the copy-right
Jaw,
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
gress to abolish the franking privilege, and reduce ordinary
letter postage to two cents, and that of newspapers in pro-
portion.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 6, 1848.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from citizens of
Albany county, New York, asking the reduction
of the rates of postage and the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition from
John P. Williams, asking a confirmation of his
title to a certain tract of land; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Harrison, Maine, asking the abolition of
the franking privilege and reduction of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from citi-
zens of Apalachicola, Florida, setting forth sundry
grievances occasioned by certain maifarrangemens,
and asking that they may be redressed; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. BUTLER presented'a petition from citizens
of Sumter county, South Carolina, asking the es-
tablishment of a certain post route; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported House bill to establish a collection district
at Brunswick, Georgia, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. D., the Senate proceeded to
the immediate consideration of the bill; which,
after having been explained, was read a third time
and passed.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the Senate took up
the joint resolution from the House to dispose of
two brass field-pieces captured at the battle of Ben-
nington in 1777; which, after having been consid-
i ered in Committee of the Whole, was read a third
j lime and passed.
I On motion of Mr. FELCH, the Seiaate took up
J the )oint resolution from the House to change the
location of a light-house on Lake Superior, in the
State of Michigan, which, after having been ex-
plained, was read a third time and passed.
On motion ofMr.YULEE, the Senate proceeded
to consider the joint resolution of the Senate autho-
rizing the submission of certain claims to arbitra-
tion. The resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, but lies over.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution m reference
to taking the next census; which was read a third
time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. DOWNS submitted the following, which
lies over:
Resolved, That, after the present week, until the further
order of the Senate, Friday and Satmday of each week be
set apart, after 12 o'clock, for the consideration of the pri-
vate bills of the Senate first, and then tho-e from the Hou«e ;
and that, when so considering Senate lulls, any one giving
rxe to debate bevond a biief explanation, shall he passed
over until thetHher private bills shall have been disposed of.
Several adverse reports were taken up and con-
curred in.
THE OREGON BILL.
On motion of Mr BRIGHT, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the bill to establish a Territorial
Government in Oregon; when—
The question being on the amendment submitted
by Mr. Davis, of Mississippi—
! Mr. MASON addressed the Senate. He stated
| that the people of Oregon had undertaken to frnss
i laws purely conventional and without authority,
| among which was one prohibiting slavery therein
1 for ever. No one now believes that the people of
• a territory belonging to the United States have the
; right to pass any laws which can be binding, unless
j by the consent of the United States Government.
J By the 12th section of this bill, the laws of Oregon
