904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July'7,
He thought the time had arrived, by the proclama-
tion of the President that the war was terminated,
when that law, which was now attempted to be
extended to the 4th of March next, took effect, and
it became the duty of the President to execute that
Jaw. He could see no necessity for continuing
any of these officers in the service longer than the
emergency which called them into the servfce.
The emergency having ceased, they should not be
continued in the service of the country, and there-
fore he moved that the bill and amendments be
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. GENTRY, as at present advised, and
with the information before him, concurred in the
views presented by his colleague [Mr. J nes] fully.
When legislation was had by Congress for the
creation of additional officers of the army, it was
deemed sound policy to provide that when the pub-
lic necessity which required this creation of officers
should have passed away, the law by which they
were created should provide for the termination of
their office at the end of the war. He saw no rea-
son nor public policy which required a change in
this respect. - Why should they suspend the op-
eration of the law to the 4th of March next? They
might as well suspend the law .which provided for
disbanding the rank and file—the privates as well
as officers. If the existing law should operate in-
juriously—if any officer had rendered preeminent
services, which would commend him as an excep-
tion from its operation, let the law take effect, and
then let a special law be passed to restore him to
his rank. But it was proposed to keep in the ser-
vice all the officers until the 4th of March next.
He could not, he repe.ated, see any reason for this
suspension of the operation of thelaw; he preferred,
as he had stated, that those who were meritorious^
should be restored to their rank by special law.
Mr. BOTTS said there was certainly no' reason
why he, as a member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, or as the chairman of that committee,
should feel any particular anxiety for the passage
of this bill. But it became his duty as the organ !
of that committee to state to the House the reasons '
why they had agreed to concur to some of the
amendments of the Senate, and to propose amend-
ments to others.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Albama, inquired if this bill
did not make an appropriation, and, therefore, if,
as a matter of course, itmust not go to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
_ The SPEAKER said ha was not aware that the
bill contained an appropriation, but the gentleman
from Alabama must be aware, that if it did, it had
already been in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, had been passed by this House j
and sejit to the- Senate, whence it had come with
some amendments.
Mr. BURT assured the gentleman from Alabama
the bill made no appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON said it might not in direct terms,
but he thought it would be found that a large
amount was involved.
Mr. BOTTS again rose for the purpose of ma-
king an explanation of the character of this bill,
and of the necessity of its passage. Personally, he
should be satisfied with any action the House might
take upon it. He would repeat what he said yes-
terday respecting the case which was now pre-
sented to the House. He then recapitulated the
provisions of the law of the last Congress, which
provided that on the restoration of peace the major
generals then in commission should be reduced
to one, and the brigadier generals to two. This
bill, which had been to the Senate and had come
back with an amendment, must, therefore, either
be passed immediately, or the unavoidable conse-
quence would be that either Gen. Scott or Gen.Tay-
lor must be stricken from the roll, and likewise all
brigadier generals save two, who would be retained
at the discretion of the President of the United
States. The time has arrived when the act, whose
provisions he had quoted, would be in full force,
the President's proclamation of peace having been
published, unless this bill were passed this day.
The Senate, instead of repealing this section of
the act, proposed to suspend it till the fourth day
of March next; and this not only as respected gen-
eral officers, but all other officers connected with
the army. The object of this, Mr. B. said, was
simply to allow time for more judicious legislation
than could now be possible. It was not hereby
intended to retain these officers in commission until
the 4th of March; but as they jvould, under the
operation the existing law, go out immediately
on the proclamation of peace, and no time now
remained for deliberation, the postponement was
made to prevent such a result, and gain the time
necessary to act understandingly in the case. It
was in contemplation by both Houses to provide
for the country a peace establishment. Now, until
it should have been decided what number of troops
were to be retained in the service, it could not of
course be ascertained how many officers it would
be necessary to retain. It was understood, as of
course, 'that more would be required than were in
commission before the war, especially if the peace
establishment was to be increased, as it probably
would be. How, then, was it possible for Con-
gress to decide in an hour how many of the officers
now in commission should be dismissed? It was
impossible; and to give the House iime for delib-
eration, the Military Committee proposed that there
should be a postponement, as recommended by
the Senate. Should the House agree to do this, it
would be competent to repeal the provision to-mor-
row, if it so pleased, and go on to provide a peace
establishment. To repeal the law at once, would
inflict great hardship on some of the officers. Mr.
B. cited particularly the case of meritorious cap-
tains who had recently been promoted to a ma-
jority.
Mr. GENTRY said that if the object of sus-
pending was no more than what had now been
stated, he should give it his hearty concurrence;
but the terms of the amendment were general and
sweeping. If its effect was confined to officers pro-
moted, he should have no objection to it. But
what did we want with all these additional gener-
als ? Off with their epaulets ! The war was now
over, and there was no need of retaining them a
day longer.
Mr. BOYDONsuggested,in replyto Mr. Botts,
that the proclamation of peace, though made to-
day, was dated on the 4th instant; so, if there was
any force in what the gentleman had said on that
subject, the officers were out of the service already.
Mr. BOTTS said that he had not before asserted
that all the officers would go out, but only those
of a high grade. He would not undertake'to say
whether the proclamation would take effect in law
from the day of its date or the day of its promul-
gation. He should suppose it would be reckoned
from the day when it was made known to the
world. It might be dated a month back. Pour
of the oldest and most meritorious captains in the
line, without any request of their own, had been
promoted to be majors. Now, there could not be
a more glaring and more monstrous act of injustice
than that these men, withouta fault,should in their
old age be legislated out of office. Were there
time to do what was desired by his friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] Mr. B. should be as
ready as he; but it was because of the want of
time, that in order to avoid oppression and rash-
ness, he wished to postpone the repeal of the act,
and retain these officers, not until the 4th of March
next, but until there should be a fair opportunity
of acting on their case without inflicting injustice.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House go into Committee of the Whole on the
private calendar.
Mr. VINTON said, if that motion was rejected,
he should move to go into Committee ofthe Whole
on the state of the union.
The question being put on Mr. Rockwell's
motion, it was negatived.
Mr. VINTON then moved to go into Commit- ;j
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. i
Mr. SAWYER demanded the yeas and nays, 1
but the House refused to order them; and voted,
under a count by tellers, in favor of the motion;
Ayes 69, noes 56. ,
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that ;
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar. Lost.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Root,
of Ohio, in the chair J
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The committee took up the bill making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1849.
The question pending was on concurring in the
14th amendment of the Senate, to wit, to strike
out the third section of the bill.
Mr. BARR1NGER wished to say, in addition
to what he had observed yesterday, that the prop-
osition in the bill had two branches: the first to
reduce the number of these Indian superintendents
and agents, and the other to change their salaries.
By the law as it now stood they consisted, in all,
of twenty-nine. Should the third section of the
bill be retained, they would be reduced to seven-
teen, viz: two superintendents, nine agents, and
six sub-agents. The section assigned tothe super-
intendents $1,600 salary, instead of $1,500, which
they received at present; it allowed to Indian agents
$1,200, instead of $1,500, the present salary; and
to sub-agents $800, instead of $750.
In 1834, a law was passed regulating our inter-
course with the Indian tribes, and another reor-
ganizing the Indian department. Previous to that,
the process of removing the Indians west of the
Mississippi river had been commenced; since then,
i t had been almost completed. Before that removal,
the tribes, for the most part, occupied an isolated
position, separate entirely from each other, and it
was proper and necessary to retain an agent in each
tribe; but since they had been transported to the
West, tribes which had been separate were now in
close collocation, and in some cases actually amal-
gamated into one. In this state of things, the
Secretary of War had, at a former session, recom-
mended a reduction in the number of these agencies.
The Indian Committee had introduced such a pro-
vision into the Indian bill of last year, but the
Senate struck it out. They had again introduced
it in the present bill, and the Senate had stricken
it out again. Mr. B. was in favor of the measure;
he thought it proper and expedient. Did he be-
lieve, as the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] did,- that it would produce discontent and
dissatisfaction among the Indians, and perhaps
lead to bloodshed, he should, of course, oppose it.
But he could not conceive how any such conse-
quences were likely to grow out of it. The Sem-
inoles and Creeks were now put together; and the
Chickasaws and Choctaws were similarly situated,
as were many other tribes.
The mere saving of money that would be effected
by the proposed arrangement was not the sole or
the chief argument in its favor, though .it was not
to be overlooked. It would save about $11,000 in
actual salaries, and about a like sum in houses,
fuel, &c.—say some $20,000 in all. But it would
also curtail Executive patronage, now wielded by
the Secretary of War under the direction of the
President. The subject was not new. There was,
to be sure, no report upon it from the Indian Com-
mittee, because the subject had not been brought
up in that committee during the present session".
He hoped the House would not concur in the Sen-
ate's amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, explained the
"ground why he was in favor of concurrence. Ac-
cording to his reading of the act of 1834, it would
increase instead of diminish the number of super-
intendents. He had heard nothing from either of
the gentlemen from North Carolina which con-
vinced him he had been wrong. The gentleman
from North Carolina on his left [Mr. McKay] had,
indeed, given him, as the gentleman seemed to
suppose, a severe dressing, and had said*he (Mr.
T.) was laboring undera most marvelous delusion;
and the gentleman had enlightened the House upon
the law, by informing the House of Representa-
tives what had been his own intention in intro-
ducing the clause which the Senate had stricken
out. But that gentleman, one would think, had
lived long enough to know that his personal inten-
tion constituted no part of the law, but that a statute
must be interpreted by its own terms. No doubt,
the gentleman intended to reduce the number of
i these officers; but the question was, did the words
of this section have that effect? Mr. T. believed
not.
I He had avowed a disposition to look with jeal-
; ousy into the power exercised over the Indians by
| our Commissioner and his superintendents, for he
j belie\ed that more than half of all the frauds per-
! petrated under this Government took place in this
| department of it. Almost every step taken in the
management of our Indian affairs was in some way
I connected with fraud. He did not say that these
I frauds were committed by the officers; but that
j they were committed was the universal belief m
1 all his part of the country. The superintendent of
