1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
Indian A Hairs exercised a power which should be
confided to no man under our free Government.
Mr. T. here went again into a reference to the
power of granting; and revoking at will the licenses
to Indian traders, and the manner in which that
power might be and had been misused. Being
asked to specify the case to which he more partic-
ularly alluded, he stated it to be that of a Mr.
Ewing.
Mr. BARRINGER here interposed, and ex-
plained that a large mass of documentary testimony
m the case of Ewins had been submitted by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to the Indian Com-
mittee, and was now before them.
Mr. THOMPSON disclaimed all intention of
challenging the conduct of the Commissioner. He
had cited this case merely to show that the War
Department considered that officer as not amenable
to the Secretary of War, and he seemed, therefore,
to be without control or responsibility to anybody.
For this reason he contended that it was the duty
of Congress to scan with more particularity the
exercise of so delicate and irresponsible a power as
that over our Indian trade. As to tViis particular
case, Mr. T. knew nor cared nothing, nor was he
much concerned whether the section under debate
was retained in the bill or not. (Mr. McKay here
having entered the House) Mr. T. said he was
going to recur to the castration inflicted on him
yesterday by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
The gentleman from North Carolina had stated
'yesterday that this section would reduce the num-
ber of Indian superintendents. He read the sec-
tion proposed by the Senate to be stricken out,
ond contended that, instead of reducing, it would
retain the present number of superintendents at
,500, and authorize an addition of two with a
salary of §1,600. The committee were certainly
to judge of this amendment from its words, and not
from any design which the gentleman from North
Carolina might have itv offering it. Now, was
there a necessity for this increase, for the autho-
rizingof two additional superintendents at a salary
of $1^600? If the design expressed by the gentle-
man from North Carolina could be accomplished
by now moving an amendment expressly provi-
ding that the number of superintendents should be
but two, and repealing previous laws authorizing
a larger number, he had no objection. He was
satisfied that, simply as a question of law, the sec-
tion did not accomplish the object of the gentle-
man from North Carolina.
Mr. BARRINGER explained, that the present
. number of superintendents was regulated by the
law of 1834. At that time, Michigan being a Ter-
ritory, its governor was ex officio superintendent of
Indian affairs. That superintendency was dis-
pensed with, as were also, from the same cause,
the superintendencies of Iowa and Wisconsin.
He did not concur with the gentleman from In-
diana in the construction he placed upon this third
section, but thought the clear effect of the language
-was exclusive, and that in effect, although not in
express terms, it repealed previous laws fixing the
number of superintendents.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed the floor, and pro-
posed to offer an amendment, but, after some con-
versation with the Chair, waived it until a more
appropriate stage of the bill.
Mr. STANTON obtained the floor, and yielded
to—
Mr. McKAy, who, in reply to Mr. Thompson,
admitted that the effect of the section was to be
judged of from its words, and not from any avowed
'intention he might have had in offering it; but
he contended that, thus construed, the section did
limit the number of superintendents and agents.
He read the law of 1834, and admitted that while
itauthorized but one superintendent eonomine,the
section he proposed fixed the number at two—
bein" an increase of one to nomine; but said that
under the law of 1834, the agents received the same
salaries as superintendents, and that two of these
agents had been acting as superintendents, besides
the Governor of the Territory of Wisconsin being
ex officio superintendent, (which superintendency
had now ceased)—thus making, in fact, four Indian
superintendents under the present law, while the
section in question expressly reduced the number
. to two. He read from the report of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, recommending the increase
of the superintendents to three. The section pro-
posed, however, was explicit, and fixed it at two,
and limited the number of agents to nine, and of
sub-agents to six.
Mr. STANTON, remarking that he did not
profess to be very intimately acquainted with the
Indian affairs of the country, said if the section
were so framed as to have the effect indicated by
the gentleman from North Carolina, he should not
object to it for a moment, but he believed that
other consequences would result from the reduc-
tion of these agencies. We knew the relations
between the Chickasaws and Choctaws, and that
the attempt to amalgamate them, or appoint only
one agent for these tribes, would be received as a
very unfriendly act by both of them, which would
be of far greater disadvantage to us as well as the
Indians than any saving which would be effected.
He understood that the deputation from both these
tribes—the Chickasaws and Choctaws—as well as
from the Seminoles and Cherokees, were in the
city1, and strongly protested against this proposed
action of the House, and concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The feelings and desires of these Indians, whom
we had removed from their original homes and
placed in a new country, ought to some extent to
be respected. Tjie saving of some §10,000 or
$12,000 in carrying on the relations between these
Indian tribes surely was of too small importance to
induce us to excite the least unfriendly feelings on
the part of these tribes. He did not know that the
apprehensions ofthegentleman from Arkansas were
just; he could not say that the reduction of these
agencies—the attempt to amalgamate these tribes—
would be productive of war; but it was sufficient for
him to know that the citizens on our western fron-
tier, to which these Indians had been removed,
entertained serious apprehensions that such would
be the result; and he knew it not merely from the |
gentleman from Arkansas, but from his own per- )
sonal knowledge. Every gentleman knew that the
intercourse of these agents with the Indians had
a beneficial effect—a tendency to keep up friendly
feelings on their part. He should therefore give
bis vote to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. ROCKHILL replied to the remarks of his
colleague [Mr. Thompson] relative to the case of
the recall of the*license of the Messrs. Ewing to
trade in the Indian country, and stated the facts of
the case, showing that a charge had been made,
and the case thoroughly investigated, upon evidence
adduced before this license was recalled. He had
been astonished to hear his colleague make the
broad assertion that these gentlemen had been driven
out of the Indian country without a single particle
of testimony, but upon the bare assertion of a single
individual.. He would ask his colleague whether
he had not some personal and pecuniary interest in
the continuance of this license? The gentleman
certainly must have understood what were the facts
and the evidence, and he thought it ill became him
to make the broad assertion he had made. Evi-
dence had been taken and the case was reported
by the Superintendent of Indian Affairs in a docu-
ment of thirty-seven closely-written pages. This
document, he urged, should be printed, in justice
to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to the su-
perintendent, and to all concerned.
Mr. YINTON appeal to the committee to take
the vote on this amendment; it had already been
fully debated, and must be well understood. As
there was another amendment which would neces-
sarily give rise to some debate, if this discussion
was to be continued, he should be compelled to
offer a resolution in the House to terminate the
debate. He hoped the committee would at once
take the vote, and let them pass on to the other
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS next obtained the floor, and spoke
at some length on the questions involved in this
discussion, opposing the reduction both of agents
and the salaries of agents.
The question was stated on agreeing with the
Senate in their fourteenth amendment, striking out
the third section of the bill, and, being put, it was
decided in the negative. 1
So the 14th amendment of the Senate was not
concurred in.
The 15th amendment of the Senate was then
read as follows:
a Sec. • Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War cause to be ascertained the number and name.-; of
such individuals and families, including each member of
I every family of the Cherokee nation of Indians, that re-
mained in the State of North Carolina at the time of the
ratification of the treaty of New Echota, May twenty-three,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, and ivho have not removed
west of the Mississippi, or received the commutation for
removal and subsistence, and report the same to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; whereupon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall set apart, out of any moneys in the treasury not
otherwise appiopiiated, a sum equal to fifty-three dollars
and thirty-three eents for each individual ascertained as
aforesaid, arid that he cause to be paid to every such indi-
vidual, or his, orlier legal representative, interest at the rate
of six per cent, per annum on such per capita, from the said
twenty-third day of May, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, to
the time of the passage of this act, and continue annually
thereaftei said payment of interest at the rate aforesaid. f
" Sec. —. And be it Jurther enacted, That whenever,
hereafter, any individual or individuals of ?aid Cherokee
Indians shall desire to remove and join the tribe west of the
Mississippi, then the Secretary of War shall be authorized
to withdraw from the fund set apart as aforesaid, the sum of
fifty-three dinars and^thirty-three cents, and the interest
due and unpffQ thereon, and apply the same, or such part
thereof as shall be necessary, to the removal and subsistence
of such individual or individuals, and pay the remainder, if
any, or the whole, if the said Indians, or any of them, shall
prefer to remove themselves, to such individuals or heads of
families, upon their removal west of the Mississippi: Pro-
vuled, That nothing herein contained shall pievent Congress,
on a final settlementofthequesttonsarisingunderihe tieaty
of New Echota, from charging the sums herein required to
be funded or paid tor the benefit of the Cherokee* of Noith ,
Carolina, or any part thereof, to the Cherokee fund under
that treaty, if Congress shall find it just and proper to do
so."
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
the followingas an amendment of the foregoing:
" Strike out all of both sections after the word {Indians'
where it first occurs, in the fourth line, and insert the fol-
lowing, viz:
" Who had their residence east of the Mississippi, at the
date of the ratification of the treaty of New Echota of May
2"?, 1835, and who have not removed west of the Mississippi,
or received the commutation lor removal and subsistence,
and leport the same to the Secretaiy of the Treasury;
whereupon it shall be thedutyof theSecreiatyof theTieas-
ury to cause to be deposited in the irea-urv, to the credit of
s.d\d Indians, out of the unexpended balance ot the Chero-
kee fund, under said irenty, a s.uin equal to ^53 33 for each
individual, a-ceitained as aforesaid; upon which amount
interest shall be allowed at the rate of six per centum per
minmn from the date of said deposit.
"Sec. —. Jlnd he it further cnucted, That whenever, here-
after, any individual or individuals of said Cherokee Indians
shall desire to remove and join the tribe west of the Missis-
sippi, then the Secretary nt War shall be authorized to with-
dtaw'from said money, so deposited as aforesaid, so much
thereofas may be necessary tor the removal and subsistence
of such individual or individuals or families as may go west
of the Mississippi, and to disburse the same, so that the
monev withdrawn as aforesaid do not exceed the sum of
s*53 33, and the interest due thereon, for e,i*h person remov-
ing as aforesaid; and the remainder of said per capita, if any,
and the interest due thereon, shall he paid to each of said
individuals so removed, after deducting the co-sts of such
removal and subsistence. And the Secretary of War is fur-
ther authorized to pay the said sum of $53 33,in money, to
any of the said Indians who shall prefer to remove him or
herself, on his or her arrival in the Indian country west of
the Mississippi river."
The question was stated on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the'Committee of Ways
and Means to the amendment of the Senate; when
Mr. MclLVAINE spoke at length, giving a de-
tailed history of the treaty negotiations with these
Indians, and was followed by Mr. CLINGMAN
and Mr. BARIUNtfER, in explanation of the In-
dian treaties, and of the amendments proposed
respectively by the Senate and the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, next took the
floor, and spoke with much earnestness in reply
to Messrs. Clingman and Barrwger, in opposi-
tion to the amendment proposed by the Senate.
Before Mr. H. had concluded his argument, he
yielded to a motion by Mr. Burt, that the com-
mittee rise.
The committee rose and reported then* action to
the House.
Mr. VINlON moved a resolution to close the
debate in Committee of the Whole on the Indian
appropriation bill in one hour after the committee
shall again consider said bill in Committee of the
Whole. Agreed to.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday *July 7, 1848.
Mr NILES, from the select committee to whom
was referred the bill to set apart and sell to Asa
Whitney, of New York, a portion of the public
lands to enable him to construct a railroad from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific, reported back the
same with amendments. , ,
In reporting this bill,Mr. N.les briefly alluded
to the importance of the measure as connected wi li
he public interests. In a few days the bill would
be laid on the tables of Senators, and he invoked
their especial attention to its provisions. He gave
