1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
in this case as in the effort to prohibit slavery in
the Territories.
Gentlemen had referred to former legislation on
the subject, and had brought forward precedents
to throw their light on our path. He examined
some of these precedents, in order to show that
they did not aid the purposes of those who had
brought them forward. He stated that Mr. Dane,
of Massachusetts, not Mr. Jefferson, was the au-
thor of the restrictive clause in the ordinance of
1787; so that all the weight supposed to attach to
it from the name of Jefferson fell to the ground.
Having been adopted before the existence of the
present Constitution, the ordinance could not prop-
erly-be quoted as a legislative precedent under our
Constitution. He did not doubt that any of the
great States had the right to establish slavery
within their limits; yet, under this ordinance of
1787, the United States could not establish slavery
within their territories. Looking at the ordinance
as a compromise, neither party to such compro-
mise parted with any of its respective rights. He
had carefully examined all the acts which had
been relied on to prove the power of Congress over
slavery, and had found that, in part, they related
to the powers exercised by Congress under the
clause relating to commerce. Their only connec-
tion with the subject was in relation to the traffic
of slaves.
As to the judicial decisions which had been also
relied on, he coincided in the lucid views thrown
out by his colleague [Mr. Berrien] on the sub-
ject, regarding them as having no bearing on the
question. 'There never had been a solemn decis-
ion that Congress had the power to exercise the
right of excluding slavery from the Territories.
He construed the principles laid down by the
Baltimore Convention as his colleague did. It was
intended to convey the distinct opinion that Con-
gress has no power to interfere with the question
of slavery in the Territories. He referred to the
history of the Convention to sustain him in this
view—to the course of Mr. Forman, of Georgia,
Mr. Yancey, and others, who asserted their im-
pression to be that the principles of the platform
covered all the ground of the non-interference of
Congress with the question of slavery in the Ter-
ritories. He had great confidence in the Demo-
cratic party, and believed that on its integrity de-
pended the settlement of this question in a way
which would prevent the dissolution of the Union.
He referred to the apostacy of Mr. Van Buren, for
whom the South sacrificed herself in 1840, and to
the conduct of some few of the party who had con-
sented to become his minions, with great severity.
The amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
brought up the question, whether Congress had
the right to interfere on the question of the transfer
of slaves from one Territory to another. He
maintained that Congress had reserved the power
of the veto over the laws of a Territory; so that
if a Territory should pass a law excluding slaves
from a Territory, it would not be valid until it
had received the sanction of Congress. He held
that the Constitution had as effectually precluded
Congress from abolishing slavery, as it had ex-
cluded the assumption of titles of nobility.
Mr. MANGUM having putthequestion, whether
General Cass does not assert that the people of the
Territories have the right to regulate slavery within
their limits, and that Congress had no power over
the question ?—
Mr. JOHNSON resumed, referring to the letter
of General Cass to show that he had not conceded
any right in the people of the Territories to regu-
late the subject, but that he was willing, as a matter
of policy, to leave it to be regulated by any new
Territories.
Mr. MANGIJM said that General Cass seemed
to have no opinions on the subject,
Mr. JOHNSON said that was precisely the
situation of the South. She desired no interference,
but that she should be let alone. He wished to
know General Taylor's opinions.
Mr. MANGUM could not give them. But if
General Taylor should write a dissertation on the
subject, he would inform the Senator that it would
be so plain that any one might understand it. He
asked, supposing a North Carolinian went into a
Territory with a slave—into California or New
Mexico, which lie understood to have been always
free who was to judge of the fact whether the
slave was property or not?
Mr. JOHNSON referred to the condition of the
Mexican territories to show that the prohibition o
slavery is a political law there, and read an extract
from a judicial decision to prove from the laws of
nations, that a political law is changed, when by
conquest, or otherwise, territory is transferred from
one country to another. If a Carolinian were to
go into these territories with his slaves, his prop-
erty in these slaves would be recognized complete-
ly there. IT/1 stated that he intended to vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi.
He asked what great view of public policy, what
law of humanity, demanded that slavery should be
prohibited in the law constituting a Territorial
Government ? He did nof see how the interests of
policy or humanity were likely to be promoted
by the adoption of such a principle, but he saw
clearly how both these interests must suffer. The
North will not receive the slave on any terms of
political equality; he is not permitted to vote, he is
not elevated socially; on the contrary, he is more
degraded than even in the southern States. He went
into an exposition of the fallacy which laid down
the slave power as a power which was to be dread-
ed and opposed, contending that it would not pro-
duce a single representative of the slaves. He
invoked the Senate to take a calm and deliberate
view of all the bearings of this important question.
He denied the power of Congress to legislate on
the subject; and if Congress attempted to legislate
for the Union, he would stand here to oppose, so
long as he could utter a sound, or move a muscle
of his frame. The South had expected that the ques-
tion was settled by the Missouri compromise, and
that the subject would never again be stirred. The
South had fulfilled her pledge, and had remained
satisfied. But it was notorious that in the North
abolitionism had sprung up and spread itself, and
the compromise had lost its' hold. The olive branch
had frequently been tendered by the South, but it
had as often been refused by the North, as was evi-
dent by facts which he referred to in the legislative
action of Congress, to show that the North had
uniformly acted against the South.
Mr. POOTEreminded the Senatorfrom Georgia,
that their northern friends had stood by*the inter-
ests of the South, in resisting the Wlimot proviso.
Mr. JOHNSON said he had not the least in-
tention to say anything which could evince unkind-
ness to the North. He admitted there had been
occasions when the North had stood forward in
behalf of the South. But he did not thartk the
North for offering them the Wilmot proviso.
Mr. HALE asked if he understood the Senator
from Georgia, as denying the power of Congress
to legislate on the subject of slavery in the District
of Columbia?
Mr. JOHNSON replied in the affirmative.
Mr. HALE replied that in that case, as relates
to the District of Columbia, it was at least the duty
of Congress to undo what had been done in this
District. If the United States Government carries
slavery wherever it goes, he wished to know what
kind of slaveiy we take with us—whether Dela-
ware, or Maryland, or New Jersey, or Georgia
slavery? He denounced the monstrous doctrines
on slavery which he had heard this day.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
thefurtherconsideration of the bill was then passed
over until to-morrow. *
TERRITORIES.
Mr. BUTLER moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of his motion for the appoint-
ment of two additional members to the Committee
on Territories. Some very important business had
been devolved on this committee by the recent
message of the President. Some of the members
of the committee were absent, and he was not will-
ing that all the increased business and its respon-
sibility should fall on him.
Mr. HALE thought the question was of too
much importance to be disposed of when the Sen-
ate was thin. He suggested the propriety of suf-
fering the motion to lie over, that it might be taken
up to-morrow, in the morning hour, when the Sen-
ate would be full.
Mr. DAVIS expressed a hope that the motion
would not be agreed to, and that the subject pre-
sented in the President's message would be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BREESE expressed a hope that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary would be increased by two
additional members. He referred to the history
of the Committee on Territories, and stated that
previous to its organization, the Judiciary Com-
mittee had charge of the Territories. ?
Mr. ATCHISON said, this was the first time
that he had heard it intimated that the Committee
on Territories was an inappropriate committee for
the preparation of the business relating to the Ter-
ritories. There was no need to call in the learning
of the Judiciary Committee to regulate these mat-
ters. The simplest of all bills were those for the es-
tablishment of Territorial Governments, the forms
of which could be found on our statute books.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated, that under an impres-
sion that thequestion relating to the government
of the new territories involved some important con-
siderations, he had yesterday moved for the ap-
pointment of a select committee by ballot. He
would not persist in that motion, as he had not
been backed by his friends. It was not the ques-
tion of slavery only to which he had reference.
There was the claim of Texas to a boundary em-
bracing all the territory of New Mexico to be con-
sidered, which was very.important.
Mr. RUSK replied that this claim had been es-
tablished by the consent of Mexico and the United
States.
Mr. FOOTE said that in looking over the list of
committees, he had come to the conclusion that
they were all learned, astute, and sound, and he
thought it would be very discourteous to takg the
subject out of the hands of the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. BUTLER explained his motion, stating,
that as the committee was now constituted, too
much responsibility would be thrown on him.
Mr. RUSK said he should vote against the mo-
tion, as it was his desire that a special committee
should be raised to take charge of the subject.
Mr. BRIGHT referred to the absence of the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Douglas,] and the uncertainty of his return during
the lesidue of the session, lie (Mr. B.) had used
every exertion in his power to press forward the
bills reported by the committee; but he thought
the labor would be too great unless some additional
members were appointed.
Mr. DAYTON urged the propriety of passing
over the subject until to-morrow. Many Senators
had left the Chamber, not expecting that business
of moment, coming properly within the morning;
hour, would be called up at this hour of the day.
Mr. BUTLER said be had given notice in the
morning of his intention to call it up after the de-
bate on the Oregon bill.
Mr. DAYTON presumed that the Senators who
had gone away did not think it necessary to regard
a notice to do what would be out of order. He
wished the subject to be considered when the Sen-
ate was full, as it seemed to involve matters of
some importance. He moved that the Senate ad-
journ; which was agreed to—ayes 22, noes 19; and
The Senate adjournal.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 8, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BOTTS moved to recommit to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs the bill of the House to
amend an act entitled "An act supplemental to an
act entitled 'An act providing for the prosecution
of the existing war between the United States and
the Republic of Mexico,' " and for other pur-
poses, together with the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
Mr. B. said that he perceived from the papers
that the President (by what authority Mr. B. did
not pretend to know) had directed that the officers
whose term of service would by law expire on the
termination of the war, should continue in com-
mission until the20th instant: as that would allow
ample time for the necessary deliberation, he would
now move that the bill from the Military Com-
mittee be recommitted to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. , . ,,
Mr. BRODHEAD hoped the motion would pre-
vail, and that the bill might be so amended as to
allow to all officers and privates of the army three
months' extra pay, and providing that the law
passed forraising an additional military force might
be carried fully out. If the third section of the
bill as it came from the Senate should pass, he
hoped the second would be stricken out.
The motion of Mr. Botts was agreed to, and
the bill recommitted accordingly.
