912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10.
was. Congress should have some limits to legis-
late for. He wanted the best information now in
the State Department as to the boundary; and he
wanted the President to reconcile these contra-
dictions if he could.
One of the resolutions offered inquired whether
individuals had not been tried for treason on this
side of the Rio Grande? Now, if, as he affirmed,
the Rio Grande was the boundary, and all on this
side of'it, from its mouth to its source, was a part
of the State of Texas, then how dare the President—
Mr. S. put the question to the freemen of this free
land—how dare the President—he asked it in the
presence of men inheriting the spirit if not the blood
of Hampden and of Sidney—he asked it in the
face of high Heaven, how dare he thus trample
not only upon the rights of the people by these
informal and illegal proceedings, but upon the rights
of one of the sovereign States of this Union ? He
wanted Mr. Polk's authority for such an act as
this.
Mr. McLANE asked where else should a man
be tried for treason but witFfin the limits of the
United States ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Try a man for treason by
• court martial ?
Mr. McLANE'S reply was not heard.
Mr. STEPHENS said he did not know what
sort of times we had fallen upon, if a gentleman of
the intelligence and standing of the gentleman from
Baltimore would say in his place in that House
that a man could be tried for treason by a court
martial. The crime of treason was well defined,
as was the manner in which a man must be tried
for it. Would the gentleman say that an alien
enemy could be tried for treason at all:' Treason
must be tried before the civil courts of the country.
Alien enemies were prisoners^of war, and should
be treated accordingly.
Mr. S. said that while the late war was in pro-
gress, any man that inquired into its constitutional-
ity, or spoke a word against any act done in its
prosecution, rightfully or not, was accused of giving
S( aid and comfort" to the enemy. But a day of
retribution was come. It is time for an inquiry
into these things; and he hoped the gentleman from
Maryland and the whole House would go with him
in the inquiry.
Mr. SCHENCK (Mr. Stephens yielding a
moment) promised to confine himself to the reso-
lutions before the House, and not to wander from
the question in debate.
This was no new subject. No sooner had the
message of the President to the last Congress been
read than Mr. Garrett Davis had risen in his place
and offered a resolution to refer the statement that
General Kearny had established a civil government
in Santa Fe to a select committee; and he called
upon the members from Texas to say whether
S tnta Fe was in Texas or not. The gentleman
fiom Texas nearest to him [Mr. Pillsbury] now
talked about there being a conflict as to jurisdiction
between the Government of Texas and the Gov-
ernment of the United States; but what had this
same gentleman said on that occasion ? [Mr. S.
here read from a report in his hand.] Thegentle-
man had admitted that there was some little incon-
sistency in the matter, but said that lie did not care
much what sort of a government was established
there.
Mr. PILLSBURY said that on the occasion re-
ferred to he had answered the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Garrett Davis] almost jocosely.
The members from Texas were here without in-
structions, and they thought the House was doing
what it had no right to do.
Mr. S TEPHEJNS (resuming) said he respected
the opinions of the Representatives from Texas,
and wanted to know their opinion whether Santa
Fe belonged to Texas, or did not belong to it? He
wanted to get this information, and had therefore
moved a suspension of the rules, and the gentle-
man had voted against his getting it. The gentle-
man said that Texas extended up to the Rio Grande
from its mouth to its source. Now, Mr. S. had
before him a letter from Mr. Walker, Secretary of
theTreasury, aslateas June, 1846,allowingdraw-
backs to be paid on goods going to Santa Fe. How
could drawbacks be allowed at the custom-house
on exportations to Santa Fe, if Santa Fe was within
the limits of the State of Texas? Would the gen-
tleman from Texas be good enough to answer that
question?
Mr. PILLSBURY was understood to reply that
the same allowance would have been made for
goods intended for any other part of the United
States. [Much laughter.]
ml STEPHENS, indeed! Well, that is cer-
tainly a new idea—the last leap in our progressive
Democracy. Democracy is said to be progressive.
A late writer in a work entitled the "Vestiges of
Creation," holds the opinion that the progress of
nature is by leaps in development. And he sup-
posed this doctrine of the gentleman about draw-
back was the last leap of progressive Democracy.
[Laughter.]
After some other remarks on this point not
heard, Mr: S. proceeded to quote the constitution
established by General Kearny for New Mexico,
and particularly that item which declared that the
" General Assembly should convene at Santa Fe."
He would ask the gentleman from Maryland, if the
President did not assent to the course of General
Kearny in the premises, how General Kearny
would have dared to direct the General Assem-
bly to sit at Santa Fe?
Mr. McLANE wanted to know whether the
gentleman from Georgia considered these direc-
tions of General Kearny as authorized by thePres-
ident, and virtually his act?
Mr. STEPHENS replied that he did, and he
would show that they were so. General Kearny
himself expressly declared, that having been di-
rected by the President of the United States, he
issued these orders under his authority. And he
would show the gentleman, further, that the Pres-
ident, in his message upon this subject, had only
disavowed that part which looked to permanent
government. If General Kearny had attempted
such an act without any authority from the Presi-
dent, under whose orders he acted, why had he
not been court-martialed? Why had he not been
tried as a usurper? But General Kearny himself
said it was done by authority of the President. If
he had stated" what was false, why had he not been
censured ?
Mr. McLANE here was understood to say that
the President had disavowed these acts of Gen-
eral Kearny.
Mr. STEPHENS asked, when and where?
Mr. McLANE did not mean to say that the
President had expressly disowned them; but he
affirmed that he never authorized them.
Mr. STEPHENS said, that that was on the
assumption that we had all the instructions which
had been given to General Kearny.
Mr. McLANE said, the gentleman had no right
to assume that we had not.
Mr. STEPHENS said he had a right to assume
that and much more. He had the testimony of as
pure a man as the country contained, and the coun-
try would agree with him in believing what General
Kearny asserted. What! was General Kearny a
man whose word was to be impeached before that
of James K. Polk—a man whom none could be-
lieve? He said that he was acting under directions
from the President. Would he have publicly stated
this, if it had not been so? He would never have
done such a thing. He had a soldier's heart, as
well as a soldier's arm; and Mr. S. could not be
made to believe that he would tell a he upon the
President. The gentleman placed his reliance on
the President's retraxit. Why, if a man were
ambitious of acquiring a reputation for duplicity
and equivocation, he could not select a better ex-
ample in all history than to follow in the footsteps
of our President. He did not know any better or
more fitting appellation in after times, than Polk
the mendacious!
But Mr, S. went on to show that Mr. Polk had
not disavowed the authority of General. Kearny,
except so far as the government he established was
intended to be permanent. When Mr. Polk was
called on for his authority for creating these gov-
ernments, he says: ''Among the documents is a
' form of government for the conquered territory
' of the United States." Conquered what? .(said
Mr. S.) Why, conquered Santa Fe. Santa Fe,
an integral part of the sovereign State of Texas—
of Texas which Congress annexed to the States of
this Union. If this be true, he should have been
impeached the next day. What! The President
of the United States, by his army, conquer a por-
tion of our own territory? Who would say that
he would do such a thing? But the President went
ou to tell the House that a part of these regulations
were declared to be temporary, but a part of them
were in their nature permanent. li These (that is,
'the permanent regulations) have not been ajv
( proved by me," Which regulations? Those
that were permanent; but not a wofrd is said
against such as were temporary merely. Mr. S.
therefore insisted that he had the authority of Mr.
Polk himself for saying that he approved what
General Kearny had done, so far as temporary
governments were concerned. But the President
now said, that the war having ceased, these tem-
porary regulations, which had been enacted under
the authority of the law of nations, ceased. This
too plainly inferred, that while the war continued
he approved of them—he approved of all the regu-
lations established by General Kearny, except
those of a permanent character, while the war
lasted.
Now, Mr. S. would ask the representatives of
American freemen, and all others in this broad
land who were in heart attached to the Constitu-
tion, whether a President of the United States was
empowered under our Constitution to claim the
exercise of the rights of kings derived from the law
of nations? There was in the country a political
party who made great boasts of their strict con-
struction of the Constitution. They pretended to
hold that this Government had no power of any
so'rt but what was expressly granted in that instru-
ment; yet now this party seems to hold that the
President had all the unbounded power of mon-
archs and of autocrats under the law of nations—
that he is above and beyond the Constitution. Mr.
S. repudiated the idea. He claimed to be a Re-
publican. He went for the Constitution as it
stood, and as it was expounded and administered
by the fathers of the Republic; and he averred that
this new Democratic doctrine claimed for the Pres-
ident something little short of royal prerogative.
He enlarged this act of creating a government for
New Mexico as a daring outrage and usurpation.
Who gave him any such power? He granted that
in war we possessed the military right,-? which
flowed from conquest; but under pretence of this,
our Executive had undertaken to set up a govern-
ment, to take the public treasure to pay governors
and judges and a host of civil officers, and all this
under the law of nations.
Had Mr. S. a voice that would echo from the
mountain tops to the remotest plains and valleys
of the country, he would rouse the people from
their slumbers to a sense of these outrages upon
the great fundamental principles upon which their '
Government was founded, and upon which their
liberties rested. The same party that justified the
President in such pretensions had undertaken to
defeat the election of a man whom the people had
set up because he maintained that to judge of the
propriety of all domestic questions was the prov-
ince of the people, through their representatives,
and not that of the President.
There were some other points in thi<? communi-
cation which Mr. S. desired to touch upon. The
President told the House, and meant the nation to
believe, that the expenses of this war amounted to
some forty-nine or fifty millions. He said that
the entire national debt was but sixty-five millions.
Yes, but there was a debt before the war began of
seventeen millions. Mr. S. only gave round sums.
This made the war debt about $49,000,000 only.
But there had been, besides, some ten or twelve
millions in the treasury. Add these to the amount
stated by the President, and they made $60,000,000.
Now, add to this the $20,000,000 we are to pay
Mexico and our citizens, and n makes §80,000,001).
The amount of outstanding balances cannot be less
than $30,000,000. This added makes $110,000,000.
And then add the charge upon the land fund for
bounty lands, &c., at least §10,000,000 more, and
we have the sum of at least §>120,000,000 as the
cost of the war, instead of ^59,000,000, as inti-
mated. And all this was our "indemnity for the
past." >
Mr. GREEN here called Mr. S. to order for
irrelevancy; but being remonstrated with by cries
of "No, no, let him go on," withdrew Itis point
of order.
Mr. STEPHENS said he had never doubted
that when it came to the money they would flinch.
[A laugh.] Mr. S. said he was within bounds
when he said, that besides the $120,000,000 he had
stated above, that when the pension roll was paid,
and all claims for horses lost, and the California
claims, which are half a million at teast, the actual
cost of the war would be much larger. He in-
tended to be within bounds, and only alluded to
