914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
July 10,
appreciate the effort. A few days ago, as soon as
the message had been received from the President
of the United States, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vinton] had proposed that its reference should be
arrested until the President had advised this House
by what authority he had established military gov-
ernments m New Mexico east of the Rio Grande.
Was that gentleman, he wished to ask, prepared
to refuse laws granting donations of lands to the
settlors m that country? Was he prepared to re-
fuse to extend civil government over that country,
to extend our commercial system over the harbors
and forts of California, until the President had been
catechised by this House, and had advised them—
of what he had already advised them—of the au-
thority by virtue of which he had established mil-
itary governments in New Mexico and California?
Upon the call of a gentleman f.*om Kentucky,
[Mr. Garrett. Davis,] the President had, at the
last session, informed Congress that it was under
the authority of the United Slates as a conqueror
tlmt these military governments had been estab-
lished-, that they had only been established for the
purpose of securing the benefits of our conquest;
that he had only gone to the extent of the author-
ity of the conqueror under the principles of inter-
national law; and that, in fact, his course had been
a great amelioration from the rigidness and severity
of the old system of military law.
Gentlemen on the other side would arrest the
consummation of ai! these measures; would keep
New Mexico and California out of the Union;
would refuse to grant bounties of lands to our set-
tlers there; to establish civil governments for the
protection of those of our citizens there, and who
should go there; to extend our commercial system
over the ports and harbors of that country, and
thus open a new and impoitant source of revenue
for the treasury of the United States, until they
Should obtain, what had already "been furnished
by the President, full and satisfactory information
as to the authority by which he had set up military ■
governments over the conquered country during;
the time of war. It was a false issue attempted
to be played off upon the country—an eil'ort to
skulk the tremendous responsibility* which resulted
from the uniform opposition they had made to the
war which had now so successfully and so bril-
liantly terminated.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said the gentleman
from Illinois did not touch the ponit at issue made ■
by the gentleman from Ohio or die gentleman from 1
Georgia: Was Santa- Fe m Texas or not? Before
they agreed to set up civil government over Santa
Fe, they wished to know whether it was actually |
within the territory and jurisdiction of a sovereign ,
State or not5
Mr. McCLERNAND replied that he was com-
ing to that point in due time. The complaint he
made against the Whig party was one founded ■
upon the fact that they had uniformly opposed this
war, and were now trying to prevent the consum- j
mation of the acquisitions brought about by it.
How? By meeting the question dircctly, boldly? 1
No; by indirection, by subterfuge, by making
anew the question of boundary, and of the author-
ity of the President to e.-bial-nsh mihtarv cavern- !
ments in the conqueied territory. In this way !
they were attempting: to dodge the responsibility of ,
the position they had taken in leference tothis war.
Why was it that they sought to evade this respon-
sibility ? Was it because they indulged the vain
delusion that thoy would succeed in electing their
candidate for the Piesidency, and because they '
foresaw that in that event they would be unable
to administer the Government3 He would not
impute anything to them as gentlemen of lespecta-
bility and ho1,or, hot then* principles were so meo- '
herent, so inconsistent, that it was impossible for
them to exercise power, if they should happen to .
be e'evated to it, of which lie assured them there was 1
110 chance. I-3oncc we had found that under the
elder Adams the alien and sedition laws had been ■ i
forced upon the country, which had aroused the ;j
indignation of the people to such an extent that j,
both they and their authors had been swept away j!
in the whirlwind of popular fury; hence it was }j
that under the younger Adams an enormous sys- ij
tern of internal improvements had been projected, !
which, if carried out, would have involved this ,\
Government in a debt of a hundred millions; and ,j
now, if they should elect their President, which /
they were very far from doing, they knew that /
they would be unable to administer this Govern- >'
ment in reference to its Territories; they knew that
, there was not cohesive power enough in their party
i to enable them to establish civil governments over
these Territories, to establish a land system; they
. knew that they could not agree to the incorporation
of these Territories into the Union as a part of the
Union; and hence, at this early day, they sought
to throw away the fruits of this war in the acquisi-
tion of New Mexico snd California.
He now came to the question of boundary, and
he would remark in the outset that there was noth-
ing in it that should influence the action of this
House in reference to its duties in the establish-
ment of civil governments in New Mexico and
California. Even if the President had once held
the opinion that Texas extended from the mouth
to the source of the Rio Grande, yet if in point of
fact it did not, did that fact authorize this House
to refuse the necessary legislation in regard to these
, Territories? Suppose the President were in error
—which he did not concede—was that sufficient
reason for this House to neglect to discharge its
solemn duties with reference to New Mexico and
California—to refer and act upon the message of
the President informing them of a treaty of peace
and of the conclusion of the war? But what were
the facts? The boundary of the Spanish province
of Texas extended perhaps from the mouth of the
Rio Grande with that stream to the 30th parallel
of north latitude; thence, by the San Saba moun-
tains, to Red river. Now, Texas claimed for the |
whole extent of the Rio Grande, but, in point of !
fact, her boundary and her jurisdiction did not ex- I
tend above 27? degrees north on the Rio Grande; I
at all events, not beyond the oOth degree north. |
To the north Taos, Santa Fe, Albuquerque, and j
other villages, were in the possession of the Mexi- ■
cans. The President,xthen, had as rightfully es-
tablished military government over Santa Feashe 1
had over any portion of Mexico west of the Rio .
Grande. When the war broke out, the President !
■ found Santa Fe in the possession of the Mexicans; :
he directed une of theeolumns of our army into that j
country; General Kearny overran it, established '
military government theie, instead of the hostile
Mexican go\eminent which he found there. If he
wps authorized to establish military authority west
of the Rio Grande, he was equally so east of that
river, to the extent of the hostile possession of the
Mexicans.
But he did not understand the President, in that 1
portion of his message read by the gentleman from
Georgia, to say that the boundary of Texas ex-
tended from the mouth to the source of the Rio
Grande, or to the 42d degree of not th latitude. He '
was speaking of the boundary or limit which '
Texas claimed* and he understood the President to
say that by the act of 1836 the Legislature of 1
Texas had claimed the Rio Grande from its mouth
to its source, or to 42° north, as its western bound-
ary. The President only undertook to repeat what
Texas claimed, and he did not understand him to
affirm in fact that the Rio Grande in its whole ex- !
tent was the boundary. He (Mr. McC.) was sat- 1
isfied, he was clear upon the point, that the bound- !
my of Texas did not extend to the Rio Grande 111
its whole extent, but that a great portion of the
cnuntiy east of the Rio Grande, contiguous to
Texas, belonged to New Mexico;, and he pre-
sumed that was the opinion of a large majority of
the House and of the countiy where the subject
had been investigated.
The gentleman from Georgia had made a ques- '■
tion of the extent of the jurisdiction of the United
States as a conqueror. Tne authority of this Gov-
ernment as a conqueror was equal to the authority
of any other Government in the world—restrained,
however, bv such general limitations as the Con-
stitution m.^ht impose. He said, therefore, that
whatever rules or government any other Govern-
ment might adopt, our Government mi^h? also
adopt—restrained, however, by the general limita- '
tions of the Constitution.
Mr. SCHENCiv wished to know who was the
Government of the United States. Was it the
President ?
Mr. McCLERNAND replied that the President
of the United States was the representative of the
military authority of the country, as the Constitu-
tion provided that he should be commander-in-
chief of the army and navy of the United States,
and of the mihtia of the several States when called
into the actual service of the United Slates. He
represented the military authority of the country, <
'! and might do, subject to the general limitations of
\- the Constitution, what any conqueror might do.
;l But the gentleman from Georgia had adverted
to the debt created by this war, and undertaken to
impeach the veracity of the President for saying,
' as the gentleman represented him to have said, that,
J the debt now existing, incurred in consequence of
: this war, amounted to some $65,000,000. The
President said no such thing; and if the gentleman
i had examined this part of the message as carefully
| as he had those parts on which he had undertaken
to attack the President, he would have found that
the President made no such assertion. The Presi-
dent spoke of the debt as existing now at the close
of the war, when he said it was S65,000,000, and
not of the expenses of the war. We all knew that
, the expenses of the war exceeded £>65,000,000.
, The President said, after the end of a war of two
or three years, after overrunning the extremities
• of a large empire, after conquering several of the
, States of Mexico, and reducing several provinces
; to onr possession and ownership by treaty, the
public debt of the country amounted to only
$65,000,000.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said, as
he understood the President, he stated the whole
amount of our national debt at present to be
; $65,000,000, and that, at the commencement of his
j. administration, it was $37,000,000.
Mr. McCLERNAND accepted the explanation.
: Pie had intended to say that the entire debt of the
, United States at the present time amounted to some
1 $65,000,000, after having overrun a vast country;
having reduced to our ownership an extensive ter-
ritory; after having vindicated our name in the
estimation of the world, through the process of
, our people in every battle which had been fought,
and their readiness and ability to meet every emer-
gency that might arise. But it came with ill grace
from the gentleman from Ge'orgia todeciaim against
a public debt, when the Administration which had
i preceded the present had found a public debt of
some £8,000,000, and in ashort time had increased
it to ^26,000,000, and that in a time of profound
, peace, in violation of their professions of economy,
in vntue of which principally they had obtained
power. He understoodittobeone'ofthedoctrmes
of the Whig paity that a public debt was a public
blessing.
Mr. DUER. Whence does the gentleman de-
rive that doctrine5
Mr. PENDLETON. What gentleman of the
Whig party ho'ds such doctiines?
Mr. McCLERNAND replied that he had come
1 to the conclusion from their wasteful extravagance
. by their uniform disposition to vole every appro-
priation which was proposed.
Mr. ROYDON wished to know if the present
1 party in power, who talked so loudly of economy,
had not reduced the expenditures of the Govern-
ment from some $12,000,000 or $13,000,000 under
! Mr. Adams, to between $30,000,000 and $40,000,-
000 under Mr. Polk?
Mr. McCLERNAND confessed that the public
expenditmes had increased as our population had
increased, as our country had expanded, as the
public inteiests had become more complicated, as
the necessities for expenditures in many directions
had increased. Did the gentleman, as a sane man,
believe that the expenditures of the Government
could be limited to what they were under General
Washington and Mr. Jefferson, when we had only
four or five millions of people, when our western
limit was the Alleghanies, when the vast empire of
the valley of the Mississippi had scarcely beer*
marked by the footstep of a white man? Or did
hp expect to dupe the peonle so as to believe it?
The thing was absurd. Our expenditures, as a
matter of necessity, had increased correspondingly
with the increase of our country and the wants of
our counts.
But under Mr. Van Baren's administration, a
war had existed between the United States and the
Seminole Indians, and it had been a subject of loud
clamor ar.d denunciation that the expenditures
under Mr. Van Buren were wasteful and extrava-
gant; that he should be ejected from power and
Harrison and Tyler installed, and that the expend-
itures should be reduced. But w tie these prom-
ises realized > On the contrary, when General
Harrison had come into power, and this war had
ceased, so far from reducing the expenses of the
Government, they were increased; so far from re-
ducing the public debt, they added to it. And
