910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
included within grants heretofore made by the Government
of Spain and Mexico ; and aWo how much of such « public
liina" s wtihin the boundaries of Texas, as defined by the
act of the Congress of the Republic of Texas of the 19th day
of December, 1836.
Resolved, fui tficr, That the President be requested to lay
"befoie t'us Elouse copies of all such utficial letters, repoits,
or other comirumicaiuoiTS as contain any information of the
quantity, value, or location of the "public Jands" acquired
under the said section of the treaty, the title of which is in
tue Government of the United States, or which contain the
evidence, or any part thereof, that the "extensive and val-
uable tenitones ceded by Mexico to the United States con-
stitute indemnity for the past."
Mr. McLANE went at length into a reply, but
with so rapid and so unequal a tone of voicc, and
amidst so much noise and excitement in the House,
that the reporter endeavored without success to
catch with any clearness the course of his argument.
At the opening of his speech, he made some se-
vere allusions to the general tone of the remarks
of Messrs. Stephens and Schenck, and especially
to the language applied by them to the President.
Some passes took place between him and Mr,
Schenck, in which both exhibited the faculty of re-
pal tee, but which it is best should be passed over.
Mr. McLane denied that there had been any
attempt on the part of the President to conceal the
policy he was pursuing in regard to New Mexico,
and insisted that all the language held by him in
his instructions to Mr. Slidell was strictly in agree- !
ment with what he now declared in his peace me3- !
sage. He explained the instructions, and showed
that they were directed to obtaining the recogni-
tion of the Rio Grande, from its source to its
mouth, as the boundary of Texas. As Mexico
claimed above El Paso, we must obtain the upper
portion of the river by purchase, if in no other
way.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, here interposed,
but what he said was too imperfectly heard to be
understood.
Mr. McL'ANE said that the President's policy
throughout was perfectly clear; he had all along
been trying to. maintain the Rio Grande for our i
boundary, and he had maintained it. |
Mr. STEPHENS again pressed the inquiry why,
if the country on this side of the river was part of
Texas, and not part of Mexico, the President un-
dertook to set up a civil government over it? Why
did it not revert to Texas as soon as the enemy
were subdued who held it? He insisted on the
difference between the language of the instructions
and that of the message.
Mr. McLANE quoted the instructions to Mr.
Slidell, and further commented upon them, insist-
ing that they were in perfect consistency with the
positions taken m the message. He complained
that an unfounded assault had been made on the
Executive veracity.
Mr. STEPHENS read from the documents to
strengthen his founer position.
Mr. McLANE defended the propriety of the
President's taking military possession of New
Mexico, though it was m a State of the [Jnion,
from the conduct of our military commanders m
proclaiming martial law within a State where the
Indian tribes were in temporary rebellion. This
had been done by General Jackson, and by Gen-
eral Taj'ior also. He alluded to the charges
against General Jackson for his conduct in this
respect, the coffin handbills, &c. He warned
Messrs. Stephens and Schestck lest they should
reprobate too severely conduct of which their own
Presidential candidate had been quite as guilty as
Mr. Polk. In this connection, he introduced the
bloodhounds, but disclaimed any wish to denounce
General Taylor for employing them to smell out
the hidden Seminoles. Nothing more had been
done by General Kearny than to drive the enemy
out of a portion of Texas, and to take means to
maintain order there.
He denied that General Kearny had received
no reprimand, and quoted the language of the
President in regard to his excess of zeal, which,
though not abusive, contained a delicate reproof,
which General K. had severely felt, and of which
he had complained.
The President and Secretary of War affirmed
that General Kearny's constitution for New Mex-
ico and his list of temporary officers appointed by
him there had not been seen by the President
when preparing his message for Congress. The
gentlemen on the other side insisted that it had:
he left the country to judge between them.
Mr. McL. said that the attempts to charge men-
dacity upon the Executive by a party who sup-
ported General Taylor would react upon him; they
were bespattering their own candidate with vulgar-
ity, and he would become associated by the peo-
ple with his supporters, and be supposed no better
than an arrogant party, who would be effectually
rebuked in November next.
Mr. McL. next adverted to the financial state-
ments in the message. The party were startled to
find, that after all their extravagant predictions and
calculations, the public debt amounted to no mote
than sixty-five millions. They had told the coun-
try that the war was costing the people half a mil-
lion a day. And now, when the true state of the
fact came out, they were astounded and sat down
to ciphering. But they might go on and cipheras
long as they pleased; the people would well under-
stand the distinction between a national debt and
the expenditures for the war, fust as well as they
did the difference between the Whig estimates and
the facts.
[Here a dispute arose between Mr. McLANE
and Mr. STEPHENS about the debt of seventeen
millions in 1S45—one affirmingand the other deny-
ing that it was a debt of a Whig administration.]
As to the relative results of the tariffs of 184*2 and
1846, the statements of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had not been questioned; b"ut there had been
almost an attempt to misrepresent the Treasury
report on that subject by not distinguishing be-
tween the commencement of the natural and of the
fiscal year. '
Mr. McL. then referred to the declaration of a
member of the Whig party at the commencement
of the war, that he gloried in the fact that when
Mr. Po)k asked Congress for men and money, at
the commencement of this session of Congress, to
prosecute the contest, the Whig party had refused
both.
This called up Mr. T. B. KING, who with
great warmth denied it to be true that the Whigs,
as a party, had done any such thing.
[Here there was for a time such a confusion in
the House, that httle could be distinctly heard on
either side.]
Mr. McL. said he was aware that there were war 1
Whigs as well as anti-war Whigs; but he did not 1
know which .portion of the party were to carry
out their policy hereafter. He was wholly in the
dark as to what the policy of General Taylor was
to be—whether he was to be in the hands of the
Ohio Reserve, or his friends from Georgia and the
South.
He next adverted to the delay on the ten-regi-
ment bill, insisting that in that instance the Whiffs
had refused the President the men he asked for,
and had thereby stopped the war.
Mr. VINTON reminded him that there were but
fourteen Whig members opposed to votingsupplies.
Mr. McLANE knew that; but still, by refusing
the ten-regiment bill, the Whig party had prevent-
ed the President from prosecuting the war, and he
believed thatthis course had been the result of a
studied effort to effect that result.
Mr. HUNT inquired whether there had not
been at that time news of the negotiation of a
treaty ?
Mr. McLANE was about to reply, when his
hour expired.
The floor was obtained by Mr. HUDSON, who
said he could not regret that this debate had sprung
up, as he thought the subject of it well worthy of
consideration. The resolutions were well calcu-
lated to elicit important information, and though
he was prepared to proceed in some remarks upon
them, he would waive that privilege, believing that
after a response sdiould have been obtained to the
call, the House would be prepared to act more
understanding^ on the whole subject; and as, in
point of speeches, the two s'des of the House were
now even, be would conclude by moving the pre-
vious question.
The motion was seconded, and the resolutions
were adopted.
Mr. VINTON moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to report back to the House, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, to which it had
been referred, the bill making appropriations for
certain fortifications for the year ending June 30,
1849, together with the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
The rules were suspended, and the bill and
amendments were received and committed to the
Committee of the Whole.
And then the House adjourned.
IN.SEN ATE.
Mokday, July 10, 1848.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from the citi-
zens of Winnebago county, Illinois, praying Con-
gress to restore to liberty the slaves abducted in
the District of Columbia, the motion to receive
which was raised, and laid on the table.
Mr. HALE also presented a petition from the
citizens of Amesbury and Salisbury, Massachu-
setts, praying the abolition of the franking privi-
lege, and a reduction,of the rates of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. UPHAM presented a petition from the citi-
zens of Washington, District of Columbia, and
from other places, praying for the purchase of
Mount Vernon.
Mr. UPHAM desired to give this petition a dif-
ferent direction from that which had been given to
other petitions of similar character. His reason
for this course was, that it had been suggested that
Mount Vernon should be obtained for the purpose
of establishing there an agricultural institution
and botanical garden. Agriculture he regarded
as one of the most important interests. A far
greater number of persons were occupied in the
pursuits of agricu)ture#than in any other employ-
ment. Yet this great interest had been entirely
overlooked, while all the other departments of in-
dustry had more or less receiyed the favor of Gov-
ernment. He read from a paper in his hand some
statistics, showing the number of persons employed
in agriculture, manufactures, commerce, and navi-
gation, taken from the last census, from which it
appeared that about three millions seven hundred
thousand of our citizens were employed in agri-
culture, while the aggregate of persons employed
in the other three branches did not reach that num-
ber. He was desirous that the subject should go>
to the Committee on Agriculture, in order to obtain
a report from that committee on the matters em-
braced in this petition.
The petition was then referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
Mr. NILES presented a petition from citizens
of Brooklyn, New York, to prevent persons from
purchasing lands adjoining the marine hospital in
Brooklyn; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from
the Rev. R. R. Gurley, praying that Mr. Catlin's
collection of Indian curiosities may be purchased
by Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial from the'
Chickasaw Indians, praying that the United States
agency in that nation may not be interfered with;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from
citizens of York, Maine, praying the abolition of
the franking privilege, and a reduction of the rates
of postage; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial from
! the Creek Indians,4 remonstrating against any iri-
I terference with the United States agency in that
nation; which w&s referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HALE, on leave, introduced a bill to dis-
courage speculation in "the public lands, and to
open the public lands for the use of actual settlers;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to facilitate
. international exchanges, [giving the privilege of
! franking letters and packages connected with the
subject "to M. Vattemare:} which was considered,
' read three times, and passed.
i Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
i Lands, reported without amendment House bill to
! amend an act entitled "An act to amend an act for
the correction of errors in making entries in the
i land offices;" which was considered, and read three
i times and passed.
I Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Finance, reported a bill for the payment of the
: liquidated claims against Mexico; which was read
| a first time.
1 Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
| Claims, made an unfavorable report on the House
bill for the relief of John B. Rogers.
