1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
Mr. FOOTE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported House-biil for the relief of
Lewis Kennedy.
THE AMISTAD.
Mr. YULEE rose for the purpose of asking the
Senator from North Carolina whether the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations had as yet taken any
action on the Amistad case, and when a report on
the subject might be expected.
Mr. MANGUM replied, that thecommittee had
not yet acted on the subject, but that it would be
taken up and reported on at an early day.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the Indian
department having been returned from the House
of Representatives, with a report stating- that the
House had concurred in several of the amendments
of the Senate and amended others, the subject was
taken up for consideration, when a motion was
made by Mr. ATHERTON to refer the bill and
amendments to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ATCHISON moved a reference to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, as he regarded that as the
appropriate committee; the principal amendment
relating to the appointment of Indian^ agents, a
subject on which the Committee on Finance could
not be supposed to be u.% well informed as the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Some discussion took place on this motion, in
which Mr. ATHERTON, Mr. MANGUM*; Mr.
ATCHISON, Mr. BADGER, Mr. DAYTON,
Mr. SEBASTIAN, Mr. RUSK, and Mr. CLAY-
TON participated; when the bill and amendments
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
SPECIAL ORDER.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to establish
a Teriitorial Government m Oregon.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, then addressed
the Senate. He said there were several proposi-
tions before the Senate: 1st, to strike out the 12th
section; 2d, to amend the 12tji section by prohibiting
any legislation by Congress or the Territory over
slavery in the Territory; 3d, to incorporate the
Missouri compromise line; 4th, to amend that prop-
osition of the Missouri line by providing that sla-
very shall exist south of that line independent of
any legislation by Congress and the Territory.
After stating these propositions, he expressed
his dissent from the opinion of the Senator from
South Carolina that this was the best moment for
the consideration of the subject because we are on
the eve of a Presidential election. The idea con-
firmed the impression which had been growing up,
that the question as to who is to be the President
is the most important one that can be entertained,
and that it overshadows ail questionsas to the most
important measures which may be pending. He
felt the impropriety of agitating this question under
such circumstances, anil would have preferred its
postponement until the Presidential election shall
have terminated. But it had been brought up, and
must now be considered. He argued that events
had shown the spread of mora! degeneracy through
the southern section of the Union. The array of j
State against State, and citizen against citizen, was !
a spectacle which he regarded as ominous of fatal i
results to the Union. Sooner or later, if these I
signs continue to increase, the separation of the I
States is inevitable, and there will no longer be a
Constitution for us. The page of history will then
have to record the ruin of a Confederacy which was
blessed with the greatest privileges; and nations
which looked to our coursc, and to the star of our
destiny, to guide them in the path of freedom,
would be left, m bitter disappointment, to mourn
our fall. He hoped, however, that the good sense
of the people would be sufficiently strong to save
us, in the midst of the gloom which now surrounds
us. • i|
He admitted that, in some sense, the annexation jj
of Texas had been the cause of our present mourn- !•
ful condition. But if the administration of our ]j
affairs had been a wise and prudent one, such re- :!
suits as we have seen would not have taken place, jj
It would nothave necessarily led to the annexation 'J
of the Mexican territories. Not a drop of blood ;|
and little treasure would have been expended had |i
the Government been in the hands of a wise and !i
prudent statesman. But the war came; and when j!
it did conic, the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca il
de laPalma would forever have settled the question
of the independence of Texas; but ambition and
the lust of territory swayed the councils of our
country. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Davis] had said that Texas was brought in by
southern votes, to enable southern men to carry
out southern views and to secure southern interests.
The record did not bear out that Senator. He re-
ferred to the Journal to show that thirteen votes
were given from free States for the annexation;
and the reason why Cass was not among them
was, that he was not here.
Mr. DAVIS explained that he had said Texas
was brought into the Union by a combination be-
tween the southern Democracy with the Democ-
racy of the North.
iVlr. JOHNSON resumed, and referred to the
course of Mr. Johnson, of Louisiana, and Mr.
Henderson, of Mississippi, and Mr. Merrick,
of Maryland, to show that it wa3 these votes which
obtained the passage of the law annexing Texas. :
He referred to his own course, expressing his strong :
conviction that our system of government might .
be safely extended to any limit; and stated that he
supported the war with Mexico from a desire to :
evade this agitating and dangerous question. The ;
Senator from South Carolina has now declared I
that if the question be not now settled, the South |
will stand on her rights; and from the Senator from >
Massachusetts, we hear a prediction that the Union j
will be dissolved, if the South will not yiclctsome •
concessions. Beyond these walls, the aspect of j
things is still more appalling. We see the north- !
ern man with southern principles heading a party I
to confine slavery within its present boundary, and '
the current of public opinion is running with in- :
creased strength against the extension of slavery to :
any of the new States.
He contended that the power of abolishing or
prohibiting slavery in the Territories must be
found in the Constitution, or it did not exist at all.
He did not find it in that instrument. He reviewed
the arguments of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis,] and of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Phelps,] deriving the power from various
sources; and stated that hecould notsatisfy his own
judgment that the power was to be found where they
had supposed. Slaves were considered in the Uni-
ted States as both property and persons, and have
been acknowledged to be such by the laws, which,
while they subject them to taxation as property,
permit them to be represented as persons. He ar-
gued that the States all stood on a ground of equal- 1
ity, and that no power could be conferred on Con- !
gress to legislate so as to give to one State privileges '
over another State. When the day shall come
when the whole northern territory of the United :
States shall be admitted as States, and be repre- :
sented on this floor, he was aware that slavery '
would no longer be permitted to exist in the South. .
He did not fear to express his opinions as to sla-
very. He wished from his heart that no African
had ever been brought to this country, but that our ,
land was exclusively peopled by freemen. He ,
looked on the existence of slavery as a great evil. ,
But it was a domestic institution, in some respects ,
mutually advantageous, where it existed, to the j
slave as well as the master; and it might be suf- j
fered to extend without the danger of producing ,
the destruction of the Union. !
In reference to Mr. Van Buren, he said that 1
twenty years ago any man in the United States
would have considered it an insult to have had the
nomination for the Presidency offered to him on the
ground on which he is now placed. At that period :
Mr Van Buren himself would have considered it
in that light. He believed, from the spirit winch
was now afloat, that the time would some day
arrive, when the guarantees of the Constitution will
no longer be respected, and slavery will be extin-
guished.
He examined the supposed analogy between the
owner and the slave and the master and the ap-
prentice, and contended that they were not analo-
gous to the extent assumed.
Mr. J. then went into a constitutional argument
of great length, to show that there was no warrant
for the claim of a power on the part of Congress to
prohibit slavery.
He admitted "that the Missouri compromise could
only be defended on the ground that the power
exists in Congress, but it was merely a legislative .
construction. j
He asked, in conclusion, what was to be done?
! We are as dear to each other as the people of any
Government in the world. Was it right that this
difference should goon until it work the destruction
of the Union ? Every American would lay his hand
on his heart, and say, "No." He would rather
witness any calamity than the disruption of this
glorious Confederacy. Ought we not rather to take
some ground of compromise? We have slavery
here. He would not that another slave should be
brought here. He declared that the slaves which
were sold were sold to the South by northern slave-
holders; and that every slave that was imported
was imported by northern men with northern cap-
ital. On theNorth,therefore, he contended that the
responsibility rested for the encouragement of the
evil of slavery, against which northern men were
so eloquent. There was a greater evil than dis-
union, and that was, seif-degradation and convic-
tion of superiority; and he warned northern men
not to cast on the South a conviction that they re-
garded southern men as inferior to themselves.
Let them not pass us by on the other side of the
street. The South was always ready to stand by
the North when its rights were violated by any
foreign Power. The war of 1812 was commenced
by southern men.
He called on Senators to settle this agitating
question at once and forever. It could only be set-
tled by compromise. He did not speak to alarm,
because he was not speaking to men who could be
alarmed. But he would say, that if this question
was not settled by compromise, it would be settled
by blood or separation. There were days before
now when the thundermuttered overus,and threat-
ened destruction by its fiery fluid, but our fathers
compromised; and why should we not compromise?
He adverted to the evils which were coming on the
State of Maryland by the practice of her Legisla-
ture in manumitting slaves. This was done at the
instigation of the northern men. At length the
evil became so apparent that the legislation of this
character was arrested; and no slave can now be
manumitted but by the unanimous vote of both
Houses of the Legislature.
He referred to the universal satisfaction when
the Missouri compromise was determined on; and
if we can be brought to settle this question by com-
promise, a similar burst of satisfaction may be an-
ticipated; then the prosperity of the country will
be secured, and the Union will be preserved.
As to the amendments, he could not vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Mississippi, be-
cause he thought it unnecessary. He also deemed
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Underwood] as superfluous. He felt a
deep and lively interest in the success of the
party to which he belonged in the election of Presi-
dent, but great as was this interest in his bosom,
he would rather see the candidate of those who
were of opposite sentiments elected, and adminis-
tering the Government through ail time, than not
see this question settled. Other measures may be
erroneously adopted, and a remedy may be found,
but error on this question strikes at the very root
of our existence; and he would lather surrender
his attachment to any individual aspirant, than
see that take place which would strike at the basis
of our security. He had not the courage to raise
the veil and see all the horrors which would result
from unwise action here.
He would do anything to produce a compro-
mise. The desire of the North cannot be grati-
fied, and this Union stand. The desire of the
South cannot be gratified, and this Union stand.
There must be concessions on both sides; and ho
called on Senators, as they valued their country,
to ^uard airains-t any error.
Mr. HUNTER moved to pass over the bill until
to morrow.
Mr. HANNEGANsent to the Chair an amend-
ment which he proposed to move to the amend-
ment of Mr. Underwood; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD sent to the Chair a modi-
fication of the amendment which he had formerly
moved, which he intended to adopt in lieu of the
original amendment.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 11, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read, an
amendment (not affecting any matter contained in
