918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
and
this report) was moved by Mr. Stephen
havm<r been agreed to,
The Journal was approved.
Mr. WHITE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions offered yesterday by Mr.
Stephens had been passed.
Mr. RUMSEY moved to lay the motion to re-
consider 011 the table. Agreed to.
HARBOR AND RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
The House then proceeded to consider the re-
port and accompanying resolutions heretofore re-
ported by Mr. Hunt, from the Committee on
Commerce, on the subject of the message of the
President, stating his reasons for not approving
the river and harbor bill of last session, the memo-
rial of the Chicago Convention in relation to harbor
and river improvements, and on various other
memorials on the same subject.
The previous question on these resolutions was
moved and seconded some days since, and, under
its operation, the first resolution was then agreed
to, as follows:
Resolrej, That the Constitution of the United States ve«-ts
in Conaress the power to appropriate money to open and
impiovc harbors, and icmovo obsti notions from navigable
rivers, in all ea>es where -ueh impiovements are necessary
to the protection arid facility of commerce with foreign na-
tions or the commerce among the Stales.
The SPEAKER now stated the question to be
on^agreein^ to the second of fcdid resolutions, viz,:
Resolved, Tlnitihc interests of out national conmieiee, the
common defence and geneinl welfme of the United States,
require a judicious exeioi«.e of the foregoing powers.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to this resolution; they were or-
dered and taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Barringer, Bingham,''IBirdaalh
Blanc-hard, John IVT. Botl>, Bovvlin, Boydon, Brady, Canby,
Chapman, Chngman, Cocke, Collamer, Collin*, Congei,
Cranston, Cii-iieid, Ciowell, Crozier, Darling, Dickey,
Dickinson, Dixon, DonnelJ, Garnett Dnrican, Dunn, Em-
brce, Alexander Evan"", Nathan Evans, Farrelly, Fisher,
Flournov, Freediev, French, Fulton, Gentry, "Giddimzs
Goggin, Gort, Greuoiv, Gnnnell, Nathan K. Hall, James G.
Iiauipron, IVIom'x Hampton. Haskell, Ilonij . EliasB. Holmes, ;
John W Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J,
Ingersoll, Joseph R. ln«rrsoll, Tivin. Jenkins, John \V.
Jones, Kellogy, Thomas Butler King, Daniel P. Kins. Wil-
liam T. Lawi.'in  ■ , Sidney Lawicriee, Levin, Lincoln,
Lvnde, Maclay, McClelland, Job Mann, Marsh, Matvm,
Morehead, Moiris, Mnllin, NeUon, Nes, Newall, Nicoll
Outlaw, Palfru, Peck. Pendleton, Petrie, Peyton, Pollock,
Predion, Putnam, Tnh'is Rockwell, John A. Rockwell. Ro«e,
Root, Rumsev, S.uvyei, Shenill, Silvester, Slm«erJaiid,
Caleb B. Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Suphens, Charles
E fcstu-irt, Sriohm, Tdflmadge, Tn-\lor, Thibodeaux, James
Thompson, Wihiam Thompson. Thnr>ton, Van Dyke, Vin-
ton, Warren, Wentworth, and White—112.
NAYS—Messi-. Atkinson, Haylv, Bocock, Bowdon, Boyd.
Brodhcad, ivm, G. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Chase,
Fiankhn Cla-k, Heverlv L. Clarke, Hr.welJ Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb. Cummins, Faran, Fickhn, Fries, Green,
Willard P. Hall, Hammon*, Haralson, Hnrns, Hill, George
S IIon>.ton, Andiow Johnson, James H.Johnson. Geome
W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Ligon, Lord, Lmnpkin, JYIe-
Clernand, McKay, McLane, Meade, Miller, Pea-lee, Phelps,
Pill-bury, Rh«'t{} Richcv, Simpson, Sims, Smart, Thomas,
Robert A. Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Wiley, Williams,
and Woodwaid—o3.
_ Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to rccon- |
sider the vote by which the second resolution was ;
passed. j
The motion to reconsider was, on the motion of'
Mr. Evan's, laid on the table. !
The question was stated on the third resolution, '
viz:
Resolved, That the reasons assigned by the President in !
his veto mes-a-^e ot December 15, 1S47, 'for his lefusal to
appiove and mjh the hill passed March 3, 1847, making ap-
propriation^ for th* improvement of certain haibois'and
rivers, are deemed msulticient and unsatisfactory.
Thfi yeas and nays were ordered and taken on
agreeing to the third resolution, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Adaras, Blanchard, Bott=, Boj don,
Brady, Buckner,Cabell,Canby,Chapman,Chngman,Cocke i
Coliamei, Congt-i, Cian&ton, Cut-field, Crowcll, Crczterl
Dickey, Dickinson. U.xon, Donne!!, G.irnett Duncan, Dunn, .
Tlmbiee, Alexander £van->! Nathan Evans, Farrelly, Fisher, !
Flournoy, Freediev, Fulton, Gdvle. Gentry, Gidding*, Gog- I
gm, Gott, Gicsxory, Gunnell, Nathan K. Hall, J. G."Hamp- !
ton, Mo^es Iiampton, Henry, Elias B. Holmes, John W. ;
Houston, ITuhbatd, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingeisoll, j
Iivm, John W. Jone*. Kellogg, Thomas B. King, Daniel p.
King. VVilimm T Lawrence. Levin, Lincoln, Marsh, Mar- J
vin, Morehead, Mulun, NeNon, Nrs, Newall, Outlaw, Pal- \
frcy, Pendleton, Pein'u Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Julius 1
.Rockwell, John Rockwell, Ro*c, Root, Ramsey, Sher- I
lill, Silvestw, Sjnior^ilands Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith', :
Stephens, Strolnn, Tallmadge, Taj lor, Tompkins, Van j
Dyke, Vinton, Watren, Wentwotth, and White—91. i
NAY^J—Atkinson. Bayly. Bedinger, Bowdon, i
Bowhn, Boyd, Biodh.'ad, William G. Brown, Albert G. I
Brown, Burt, ("ha^e, Fiankhn Clnik. Beverly L. Ciaike,
Howell Cobb, Wilhamf-on R. W. Cobb, Collins, Cummin^, t
Darling, Featheis.ton, Fickhn, Fjench, Fne^, Green, Wil-
iard p. Hall, Hammons. TTaralson, Harris, Hill, George S.
Hou-ton, fn^e, Andrew Johnson. Jame« H. Johnson,George
W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Lahm, Ligon, Lord, Lump-
kin, Lynde. Maclav, McOlernand, McKay, M^Lane, Job
j Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Peaslee, Petrie, Pevton,
j Phelps, Pill-bury, Rhett, Richey, BockbiH, S.-iwyer, Simp-
j son, Sims Smart, Thomas. James Thompson, Kobert A.
j Thompson, William Thompson, nihurston,Turner,VenaWe,
i Wallace, Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—71.
j Mr. CLINGMAT^ moved to Teconsider the vote
a^reeins- to the thud resolution: and the motion to
reconsider was, on motion of Mr. Clingman, laid
on the table.
The question was elated on the fourth resolu-
tion, viz;
Resolved. That it would be inexpedient to give the gen-
eral consent of Congress, in advance of legislation by the
States, to the imposition of tonnage duties bv the several
States as a means of impro\in^' the pons and harbors at
i which s-uch duties may be levied.
j The yeas and nays were ordered and taken on
I a^reeins; thereto, and resulted as follows:
J YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Barnnffer, Bingham,
; Birdi-all, Blanchard, Bowhn, Boydon, Brady, Buckner, Ca- :
! bell, Chapman, Chngman, Cocke, Collamer, Collins, (-'ran- ]
! stun, Cn-tield, Ctowell, Crozter, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, j
j Donnell, Daniel Duncan, Dunn, Ed^all, Edwards, fJmbree, !
; Alex. Evuns, Nathan Evan^, Fairellv. Fisher, Freedley, 1
' Fiench, Fulton, Game-, Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Gott, j
Orognrv, Grinnell, Nathan K. Half, Hammons, Jame« G. '
' Hampton. Mo-^es Hampton, Hcniv, FJias B. Ilolmec, John |
W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Inger«oII, i
, Trvin, Jenkins, John W. Jones, Kdlogsr, Thomas B. King,
j Daniel P King, Lahm, W lham T. Lawrence, Sidney Law-
;> rence, Lincoln, Maclav, McClelland, Hoi ace Mann, Mar-d),
j; Marvin. Morehead, Moiri«, iVIulhn, Nelson, Nes, Newall, j
I Nicoll, Outlaw, Palfiey, Peck, Pendleton, Pollock.Preston,
i Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rose, Root, .
j; Rumsev, Schenck, Sherrill, Silvester. Slingeiland, Smart, ■
ji Cah b B. Smith, Tt uman Smitii. Stanton. Stephens, Charles j
'! E Stnaii. Stiohm, T.dlmadse, Taylor. John B. Thompson, !
ij William Thompson. Thuifton, Tompkins Van Dyke, Vin- !
j' ton, Wairen, Wentworth, and White—109. |
,i NAYS—Mesv if. Atkinson, Bavly, Bedinser, Bocock, Bow- !
!l don, Boyd, Win. G Brown. Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cha^e, '
'j Franklin Clark, Bev. L.~Claike, Howell Cobb, Williamson I!
i>' R. W.Cobb, Cunimiib, Daniel, Fcatheiston, Fickhn, Fries, ;;
t1 Haiabon, Hariis, George S. Houston,Inge, Chailes J. Tnger-
h soil, Iver^on, Andrew Johnson. James H. Johnson, G. W. :
! t Jones, Kaufman. Kennon, Ingon, X-ord. Lumokm, MeCler- ; i
I' nand, IMcKay, MeLane, Job M.inn Meade, Millei, Peas'oe,
j I Pettit, Phelps, PilUburj, Rhett, Rieh;ird>on, Riehev, Saw\er, , I
I, Simp- m, Sims. Thonnw, Jus. Thomii-on, R. A. Thompson,
•i Turner, Venable, Wallace, Wiley, Williams, and Wood-
' waid—.'>9.
| Mr. WENTWORTH moved a reconsideration ,
ii of the last vote; and on his motion the motion to
:! reconsider was laid on the table.
' The last resolution was agreed to without a :
I division. It is as follows: i
; i Rewired, That the repoi t of the Committee on Commerce
II on the memorial of the Chicago Convention, respecting har-
bor and river improvements, the President's message of De-
'! cembt;r l.i, 1847, on the same <ubjoct, and the bill referied .
i: to said committee in relation to tonnage duties, with the
11 minority report on the same subiect, be" printed : and that
jl the Committee on Printing he directed to inquire into ihe ,
expediency of printing extra copies of said report. ;
Mr. WHITE moved to reconsider the vote on ■
the last resolution; which motion to reconsider was '
laid on the table. j
DISBANDING OFFICERS OF THE ARMY. i
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House to amend an
act entitled " An act supplemental to an act pro-
viding1 for the prosecution of the existing war be-
tween the United Slates and the Republic of Mex- '
ico,"and for other purposes, reported the same !
,J back to the House with amendments. '
j| The House pioceeded to consider the said
amendments.
j! Mr. BOTTS said he did not know that there
i' was any necessity for him to oflev any explana-
j! tions. If any member should desire them upon
; any proposition, he would hold himself in readi-
I ness to make them. He would barely remaik that
> the Committee on Military AfFairs insisted on the .
; original bill as it had passed the House, which re- 1
' pealed so much of the act of May, 1848, as made
! it imperative on the President to dismiss, at the
; termination of the war, one major general and two
i brigadier generals. That was the whole of the
, bill.
| Mr. McKAY wished to know from the chair-
! man of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
: Botts,] whether or not that committee had taken
, into consideration whether the army should bein-
, creased beyond what it was previous to the com-
1 mencement of the war with Mexico. Now, the
■ President had recommended that authority be
j given to increase the number of privates to 100, and
' he thought that the authority granted to him by «
j the act of May, 1846, was sufficient for all these
j purposes. If it was the design of the Committee
I on Military Affairs, and if that design was ap-
| proved of by this House, to bring back the army
t to what it was previous to the war, he submitted
| whether the amendment of the Senate was not far
! preferable to the bill of the House. The bill as
| originating in the House and sent to the Senate
j repealed the law which authorized the appoint-
; ment of one major general and of two brigadier
j generals, and therefore there having been one rna-
| jor general and two brigadier generals in office
j previous to the war, there would be two major
- and four brigadier generals in all time to come,
; unless Congress should think proper to interfere.
: Was there any person in this House who believed
; that with a small skeleton of an army of a fev/
thousand men, it would he at all necessary to keep
| in office two major and four brigadier generals?
, He did not; therefore he considered it greatly
•' preferable to suspend the operation of that portion
I of the act which authorized the appointment of
these officers until the 4th of March, as was pro-
posed by the Senate, and in the mean time Con-
gress could determine what should be the character
of the peace establishment.
Mr. BOTTS replied that the Military Commit-
tee had had some inforftial conversation upon the
subject of the peace establishment, but had had no
action. In the mean time he would remark that
this proposition had no sort of connection with
this bill. This House had already, in the form of
the bill which they had passed by an almost unani-
mous vote, expressed its determination to repeal
so much of the first section of the law of May 13,
J8-16,as made it incumbent upon the President to
dismiss from the service of the United States one
of the two major generals—Generals Scott anil
Taylor; and two of the four brigadier generals—
Generals Gaines, Wool, Kearny, and Twiggs,
The House had resolved that they would continue
in office these six public officers, and all the com-
mittee now proposed was, to reassert that determi-
nation by disagreeing: to the Senate's amendment,
which suspended instead of repealing that pro-
vision of the law of 1846.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, understood that the
Committee on Military Affairs had reported sev-
eral amendments. In order that these amendments
mi^ht be printed for the consideration of the House,
he proposed that this bill lie over until to-morrow
morning, when they would come up in order, and
regulaiiy every morning, until disposed of. He
would make no motion to delay action on this
measure.
• Mr. McKAY suggested that the bill be printed
■ also.
Mr. COBB accepted the suggestion, and hoped,
1 that by the general consent of the House, the hill
, and amendments would be printed,and moved that
the House now proceed to dispose of the business
on the Speaker's table in order.
; Mr. BOTTS would agree to the proposition of
! the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] but for
1 the fact, that on the 20th of this month, these
. officers, under the present provisions of law, would
necessarily all go out of office. If it was the ob-
• ject of this House to prevent that result, it was
necessary that the bill should be acted on immedt-
, ately. He apprehended, from the delay which
they had experienced m receiving printing from
the public printers, from the commencement of the
session down to the present time, that if the House
: should determine to lay aside this hill, in order to
have it printed, the 20th of July would havear-
lived before they could receive the printed bill, and
there would be no occasion for any further legisla-
tion.
Mr. COBB said his suggestion would not delay
i the bill further than to-morrow or the nevt day.
Mr. BOTTS was informed by a eentl&man that
this printing could not possibly be done within
: less than ten days.
Mr. BURT wished to say to the House that
the amendments which had come up from the
: Senate, and those recommended by the Committee
on Military Affairs of this House, were very sim-
ple amendments. They were few in number, and
their principles were perfectly plain and intelligible
to eveiybody. He confessed he had some appre-
hensions—although he did not attribute that pur-
pose to his friend from Georgia—that there was a
1 design to give this bill the go-by, and he trusted
that this House would not tolerate the further de-
