920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 113
the case of Mrs. Madison had been quoted, it
was time that this system should be arrested; but
if it was to be adopted and carried out, he hoped
when it was carried to the House that the record
would be made to show who it was that advocated
the system.
Mr. CLARKE, having made a.proforma motion,
said he took occasion to object to the appropriation
of #25,000 for the purchase of the Madison papers;
and he then argued that that appropriation was de-
signed and intended to fasten and rivet on the coun-
try an enormous pension list; that it would furnish
a precedent for all time to come, which, if it would
not be dangerous to the well-being of the country,
would be disastrous to its finances.
There were various reasons why they should not
tolerate the amendment which had been proposed.
They had heard ^yesterday from the other side of
the House—and not yesterday only, but on all
occasions when those gentlemen obtained the floor
—that, by the prosecution of the Mexican war,
and by other Democratic measures and policy, they
had involved the country in a debt which would
put the face of the people of this nation to the
grindstone for years to come. And yet, in the face of
these charges and statements, which were designed
to have an effect on the approaching elections—
statements and charges made, in many instances,
by a direct suppression of the truth—there was not
a solitary proposition in our whole legislation
where an attempt was made to appropriate the
public money, which had not met the approbation
of the gentlemen on the other side of the House.
All propositions for wild and extravagant expend-
itures nave invariably been sustained and voted
for by the gentlemen on the other side of the House.
And yet the charge was to go to the country that
the Democratic party here was in favor of squan-
dering the public money, and comparisons were
instituted between the expense of this and former
administrations, for the purpose of fixing on the
Democraticpartythechargeofextravagance. And,
in bringing this House into disrepute, and in cast-
ing reproach on the President, language was used
which was only lit for a fish-market, certainly not
adapted to the halls of legislation.
The CHAIRMAN" reminded the gentleman that
he must confine himself to his amendment.
Mr. CLARKE then proceeded to protest against
the amendment as a dangerous precedent.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and moved to re-
duce the two sums of ^20,000 to $5,000 each.
Mr. SAWYER rose to a question of order. He
said it was not m order to move an amendment
solely for the purpose of making a five minutes'
speech.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL said that he should vote in
favor of the amendment. As to establishing a
system of literary pensioning, if gentleman could
produce any number of such men as Thomas
Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton, he, for one,
was ready to pension them all. But he greatly
feared that such men would continue to be very
rare. There was very little danger, indeed, that
the pension roll of men like these would be ruin-
ously extended. As to Jefferson, we knew, from
such of his writings as were already in print, what
it was we expect to get should the resolution be
adopted. After all his public situations and ad-
vantages, Mr. Jefferson died fifty thousand dollars
in debt, and two of his granddaughters were for
many years keeping a school, out of the proceeds
of which they had paid fifteen thousand dollars of
it; and he had been told that they were still em-
ployed in the same way. And, in regard to Alex-
ander Hamilton, the act of 1789, establishing the
treasury of the United States, was a monument of
his public character such as he had been assured
by Albert Gallatin, and Alexander Dallas, and
Richard Rush, and Robert J. Walker, and other
men competent to judge, was not to be found in
England, nor in France, nor in the Government of
any other country m the world. For his part,
Mr. I. was quite ready to take all the responsibility
of voting not only this $20,000, but a much larger
sum.
Mr. GOGGIN said he had letters before him
from William C. Rives and Martin Van Buren in
favor of the purchase, and these, on such a sub-
ject, were good authority.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said that neither
of them was good authority.
The question was then put, and decided in the
affirmative: Ayes 60, noes 58.
CLERK FOR FOREIGN CLAIMS.
Mr". VINTON moved to amend the item t( For
compensation of the Secretary of State, and the
clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his
office, $26,300," by striking out that sum, and in-
serting, " including a salary of §2,000 per annum
for a clerk, whose duty it shall be to examine
claims of the citizens of the United States against
foreign Governments, and claims of the latter
against the former, and to perform such other
duties as the Secretary of State may designate,
$28,300."
Mr. V. sent to the table a letter from Mr. Sec-
retary Buchanan, explaining the necessity for the
services of such a clerk, in reference to the claims
of our citizens on foreign Governments, and those
of the subjects of foreign Governments on our
own.
The question being put, the ayes were 56, the
noes 44.
No quorum having voted, the roll was called,
and the committee rose and reported the absentees
to the House, to be recorded. A quorum in the
mean time having appeared, the committee resumed
its session.
Mr. VINTON, by consent, made a brief state-
ment in explanation.
The Secretary, in his letter to the Committee of
Ways and Means, stated that the services of such
an officer were become indispensable; and for this
he gave two very sufficient leasons. The Secre-
tary said it v/as impossible, with the force at pres-
ent in the department, to examine American claims
preferred against foreign Governments. Accord-
ing to the practice at present, they were forwarded
to our respective ministers abroad without having
been examined at ail, and our ministers considered
it as expccted from them that they should press
these claims on the foreign Governments on whom
they were made. The consequences were very un-
pleasant, not only, but seriously injurious. Many
of these claims turned out to be utieily unfounded;
and the pressing of them operated to irritate the
Governments abroad, and to injure our national
character for honesty. The repetition of succes-
sive claims, without justice or equity to sanction
them, begat an opinion which was transferred from
the particular claimants to their country generally;
and its effect was unfortunate to us as a nation.
It was desired that a clerk should be appointed,
whose duty it should be to examine the claim and
the evidence adduced in support of it, at least so
far as to see that a. prima facie case was made out
before the papeis were pennitted to be sent abroad.
There was another extensive class of claims
which it was very important to examine, and that
was, the claims preferred by the subjects of for-
eign Governments against citizens of the United
States. With the clerks now in the department,
it was impossible to give these claims any exami-
nation at all.
The department asked for a competent clerk,
whose duty it should be to examine both these j
classes of claims.
Mr. GEORGE S. HOUSTON wanted to know ;
whether the amendment was in order? Was it
not for the appointment of a new clerk, with en- j
tirely new duties? [
Mr. VINTON said, certainly it was. And this I
grew out of the necessity of the case. It was pre- j
cisely because there was no such clerk now, and |
because those duties were not performed, that the 1
Department asked that Congress would provide [
one. The gentleman did not, he presumed, desire .
that the character of our people should be preju-'
diced before foreign nations, and that a presump-
tion of knavery should be raised against it.
Mr. FICKLIN sustained the point of order. ^
The effect of the amendment would be, if he un-
derstood it, to erect a separate and new bureau :
within the Department of State, with duties at ;
present unknown to the law. 1
The CHAIR overruled the objection. ;
And the question being taken, the amendment
was carried, ayes 102, noes 2o.
PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. FARRELLY moved the following amend-
ment, to come at the end of the items under the 1
head of " Department of State:"
For the purchase ot such scientific works as are neecs- '
sary for the use of the Patent Office, §1,500. ;
For compensation ot librarian, $300.
For the collection of aeiieultural statistics and other pur-
poses, .$'3,500; which several sums, amounting m the whole
to £6,800. shall he paid out of the patent fund.
Mr. F. briefly explained the necessity of the
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. FARRELLY moved the following amend-
ment, to oome m at the end of the lastamendmeht:
For defraying the expenses of chemical analyses of ve-
getable substances produced and used for the food of man
and ammnh-, to he expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of Patents, to be paid out of the Patent fund,
$1,000.
Mr. F. handed in at the Clerk's table, where it
was read, a letter in explanation of the necessity
of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL, CLERKS PROPOSED.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved an
amendment, to come in at the end of the first item
under the head of "Treasury Department," au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to employ
two additional clerks, one at a salary of $1,600 and
the other at $1,400 per annum, and appropriating
$3,000 therefor.
Mr. R. referred to a report of the acting Secre-
tary, setting forth the want of additional clerks in
the offices of the Second Auditor and Second
Comptroller, and in the office of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. FARAN moved to strike out two and insert
one. He admitted the necessity for some additional
aid; but he thought, if the force already there were
properly distributed, the business of the depart-
ment could be much better done. The occupation
of most of those now in the department seemed to
be much more the reading of newspapers than the
performance of the public business. Some faith-
ful clerks were overworked, while others had noth-
ing to do; and there were some there who would
not work, as he had personal reason to know. Mr.
F. withdrew his amendment.
Mr. NICOLL renewed it, as a means of saying
that he should be opposed to the granting of any
more clerks till Mr. McKay's bill should have
gone into effect. That bill would enable the heads
of department to regenerate their respective de-
partments by excluding the idle and incompetent.
The House could then act with some confidence:
else they might only be increasing the number
of those who were only burdens on the Govern-
ment.
The question being put on the amendment, it
was rejected.
Mr. HENLEY proposed to grant two clerks for
twelve months only. As the necessity of more
force in the departments grew wholly out of the
war, it would probably cease by the expiration of
another year; it would then be hard to get rid of
them. It was better to limit the time of service
beforehand.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved an
amendment authorizing the employment in the
office of the Second Comptroller for one year of
six additional clerks, one at a salary of $1,150, and
the others at a salary of §1,000 each per annum,
$6,150.
Mr. R. explained that there was a great amount
of arrears accumulating in that office. The accounts
of one class now behind would require eight years
to bring them up. I11 these accounts the relatives
of our soldiers had a deep interest, and it was
practically injustice to them to refuse the necessary
means to bring up the accounts.
Mr. VINTON proposed as a substitute an amend-
ment allowing the Secretaiy thiee new clerks for
one year, with a salary of $1,200 each.
He read, in support of the motion, a letter from
the Second Comptroller and an official report.
The question was put upon the amendment as
amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved the fol-
lowing proviso to the item making appropriations
for the office of the First Auditor:
Provided, further, That the salaries of all officers, civil
and military T as v, ell a-? mt-mbers of Congress, holding oflkes
under ih\* G ivernment, wh^ro the salary over one thou-
sand dollars, and no constitutional prohibition, from and after
the fir^t Mondav m December, 184$, shall be reduced <*ne-
lifth upon the whole amount of>aid salary; provided it does
nor reduce the t-alary below one thousand dollars, and then,
down to that sum.
Mr. J. remarked, that as there seemed to be a dis-
position on the part of the House to reduce the sal-
aries of ofheers one by one, he proposed to make
