922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
and other questions which did not come within the i
scope of his argument. Opinions differed widely :
on the subject. _ ;
Let Congress refrain from interference, and let :
the ne^ro race, following the law of gravitation, j
extend itself to the Territories, and it will be for j
the advancement of the harmony, the prosperity,
and the happiness of the whole. The South would \
then feel that it was treated with proper kindness j
and consideration. He asked if the South had not i
been the balance-wheel in this Confederacy, stand- j
ing between the extremes of Federalism and De- I
mocracy. The southern citizen has been at all !
times eminently conservative, made so not by any :
superiority in wisdom or sagacity, but from his ;
position. He refuted the idea that the southern |
slaveholding States could ever obtain an ascend- i
ency of political power. He deprecated these sec- !
tional jealousies, the only effect of which must j
be to prevent that harmony and kindness which ;
would otherwise exist between the North and the i
South. By a continued course of oppression, you j
must effectually destroy the Union, because the j
confidence and good will which constitute its ele- i
ments would be destroyed. The effect of conces- ;
sion would be to band North and South together; !
to unite them with hooks of steel". If the South j
cannot be treated as an equal by the North; if she ,
is to be deprived of her proper share in the benefits !
of the General Government, what white citizen |
would consent to remain in a slave State? and the ;
consequence would be the reenactment of the out- j
rages which had flooded the West Indies with the ;
blood of the white race. There was no friend of ;
humanity who would desire to see these results. ]
But is it believed that the southern representa- j
tives would stand here with folded arms, while i
such encroachments as would lead to these results ;
were going on ? Would they remain quiet while J
their houses were wrapt in flames? Let it not be j
supposed. But he bested pardon for suffering !
such words to escape him. The State which he
represented had not authorized him to use the lan-
guage of menace. She had never suffered herself
to believe that such a result was possible.
He asked, what is slavery? Solve him that prob-
lem, and then let any one see if he cannotapply the ,
solution at home. In what country do we not find ]
the authority exercised by parent overchild ? What
is this but the authority of man over man. This
was productive of benefit to the whole. The con-
nection between master and slave was almost as ,
dear a relation as that between parent and child. .
Look at the pauper system in England—that focus
and hot-bed of abolitionism—and see if the condi-
tion of the pauper is not worse than thecondition of
the slave. We hear nothing there of the rights of
man. It is the peace of society which requires
that condition. And so it was with the slave, who
cannot exist by the side of the white man without
becoming subordinate to superior intelligence and j
character. He referred to the results of the in- j
troduction of machinery in the manufacturing dis- ;
tricts of England, by which the child had been |
converted into more importance and value than j
the adult, and the father and mother were reduced :
to subordinate positions. Here the slave was sure
of his subsistence. His position was more favor-
able than that of the white pauper. And if, m the
existence of pauperism in other countries, we see j
no governments overthrown, why should we ap- >
prehend from the existence of slavery any such s
danger to our own. He did not mean to censure j
other governments, because such a state of things i
exists. He knew that these inequalities of condi- !
tion were inseparable from human existence. All
that governments can do is to do the best they can I
to meliorate, and many governments do not do 1
that. These matters were in existence under the i
decree of a Providence which he would not dare to |
arraign, bui to which he would always bow with :
an unshaken faith in its wisdom. ;
He deprecated the continuance of doubt as to
the course which it becomes us to pursue, and
directed the Senate to the responsibility which it
would incur to Heaven if it refrained from taking
the course which wisdom and humanity indicated,
and to the responsibility which posterity would
demand from us, if we lose the inheritance of lib-
erty and free government which descended to us
from our fathers, and which it is our solemn duty
to preserve and cherish.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, expressed a wish to
address the Senate on his amendment, and moved
that the further consideration of the bill be post- :
poned until to-morrow; which was agreed to.
TEXAN NAVY.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded :
to the consideration of the bill to authorize the
President of the United States to increase the naval j
establishment of the United States.
The bill having been considered as in Committee i
of the Whole, was reported without amendment;
and the question being on ordering the bill to bo ,
Mr. BERRIEN wished to hear the reasons on ■
which this bill was advocated. It was a very im- i
portant bill, providing to bring the officers of the i
Texan navy into the service of the United States, ;
thus overslaughing officers of our own navy. It
would be an act of gross injustice to place over
our own officers persons who had left their own .
country and entered into a foreign service.
Mr. RUSK said he did not regard the act of these
officers in entering the Texas navy as entering into ;
foreign service. ;
Mr. BERRIEN explained, that he referred to
the fact that some of these persons had left the
United States, and entered into the Texan navy ;
while Texas was a foreign government.
Mr. RUSK defended the bill, on the ground that
our treaty with Texas stipulated that the United
States should incorporate the Texan navy with the
navy of the United States, and that the term navy did
not certainly mean ships alone, but also the officers
attached to that navy, and forming a portion of it.
These officers had made a contract with the Texan
Government, to serve during good behavior; and
if the United States should put such a construction
on the agreement with Texas as to force her to a
violation of this contract, it would be an act of hard-
ship and injustice. It was not proposed to displace
any officers of the Umtetf States. The bill would
create new offices for these persons, and would not
be unjust to any of the United States officers. *
Mr. BADGER stated, that the action of the
Naval Corrmittee did not at all intimate m opinion
that this bill ought to pass. It was the sentiment
of the committee that there were serious difficulties
m the way of the passage of this pet. He referred
to the case of Commodore Moore, who left the
United States as a lieutenant, and was received in
the Texan navy as a commodore. He left asso-
ciates with him in the United States, who were
lieutenants. He desires to return here as a cap-
tain, while his former associates, who had remained
true to their own country, continue lieutenants,
and would be placed under the command of their
former associate, who, by leaving his own coun-
try, and going into a foreign service, had obtained
this more elevated rank. He did not think we
could so decide, and stand by the decision.
Mr. UNDERVVOOD thought H unconstitutional
to authorize the Presidentto incorporate the Texan
naVy\vith the United States navy, and in the same
bili appoint the additional officers which shall fill
the stations which would require to be filled.
Mr. RUSK made some remarks in explanation,
defending the propriety and constitutionality of the
bill.
Mr. CALHOUN said, that although the mean-
ing of the word navy was ambiguous, yet the
usual construction embraced officers as well as
ships. He was therefore disposed to give it that
construction, which was the one unanimously put
on the resolution annexing Texas. He thought that
as Texas was now one of the States of the Union,
deprived of her potential voice, she ought to be
treated with kindness and liberality. He thought
the bill might be §o modified as to do away with
any objection of a constitutional character. No
injustice could be done to our own officers, nor
need the feelings of any one of them be wounded
by the admission of these officers. He added a
few words in defence of Commodore Moore,
: whose conduct in leaving the service of the United
States in a time of peace, and entering the Texan
' service, was not only free from reproach, but de-
1 serving of praise.
, Mr. BERRIEN stated that there were friends,
officeis of the United States navy, whose reputa-
■ tion was dear to him, who would be overstepped
if this bill should pass; and to this he would not
, give his assent. He controverted the proposition
1 of the Senator from South Carolina, that it was
praiseworthy in an officer of the navy to leave the
! service and enter into foreign service.
' Mr. IIALE referred to the Naval Register to show
: how our naval officers were now employed. Out
1 of sixty-seven captains, forty are on leave of ab-
i senceand waiting orders; out of ninety-seven com-
1 manders, forty-three are in the same situation, and
| eighty-six lieutenants in the same position. He
! wished the chairman of the committee to say what
! was the amount of the appropriations in the naval
bin.
! Mr. ATHERTON. I believe they are some-
| what more than $11,000,000.
| Mr. HALE said the appropriations for the naval
; service were formerly only $4>000,000, and no
wonder that they had risen to $11,000,000 when
so many officers were doing nothing. There was
not so much waste in any navy of any Govern-
ment under Heaven as in our navy; and should he
live to take his seat here another session, he
pledged himself to introduce some reform of the
evil.
Mr. ATHERTON said he did not say that
eleven millions was the amount of the appropria-
| tions for the navy proper.
Mr. HALE said, I meant the navy improper.
Mr. FOOTE advocated the bill, regarding the
admission of the Texan officeis as an obligation
! imposed on us by our engagements to Texas. He
also eulogized the character and conduct of Com-
modore Moore, in going to Texas and contributing
i his aid to the achievement of the independence of
that country.
; Mr. WESTCOTT moved to amend by making
the provision to read so as to authorize the Presi-
: dent of the United States to increase the United
| States navy by adding as many ships as were em-
braced in the Texan navy, without making it ne-
: cessary to add the same vessels as were received
! from Texas.
| Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said the debate
on the navy of Texas was pretty well exhausted.
; But he did not like to permit our navy to rest un-
der the imputation thrown on it by the Senator
from New Hampshire. He referred to the attacks
i formeily made on West Point, and the change of
opinion which had since taken place, so that now
no one could be found to assail it. He then spoke
of the necessity of making our navy our great de-
' fence, as we are not likely to have any war except
with some European country, in which case man-
time force may be very valuable. He hoped this
branch of the service would be left untouched-
that no attempt would be made to detract from it3
' character or dimmish its efficiency.
Mr. UNDERWOOD made some further re-
, marks against the bill.
Mr. RUSK said a few words in defence of the
; officers who had gone over from the United States
. to the Texan service.
j Mr. N1LES and Mr. DAVIS, of Massachu-
[i setts, said a few words, when the amendment of
; the Senator from Florida was negatived.
, | The question was then taken, by yeas and rays,
! on the engrossment of the bill, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messr?. Atchison. Boiland, Butler,Calhoun, Cam-
eion. Dickinson, Down--. FooterHannegan, Houston. John-
son ot Georgia, Lewi?. Rusk, Sebastian, Sturgeon, Wesfcott,
and Yul'je—17.
NAYS—Messis. Afherton, Badger, Baldwin, Bell. Ber-
rien, Corvvm, Davis of Ma-sn«hu£etfc?, frajton, Di.\, Felch,
Firzsrerafd, Greene, Hale, Hamhn, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Mason, YIetcalf. Miller, Njles, Pearce,
Phelps, Spiuance, Turuej, Uuderu ood, LTphruu,aud Walker
: —-26.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 12, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GOGrGIN asked leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved. That when tins House adjourn? to-day, it will
adjoui n to meet on to-morrow, at 10 o:eloc*k.andatthc same
hom on racli succeeding day of thy present se-ssiou until the
close thcicof.
The resolution was ruled out of order.
Mr. GOGGIN inquired if it was m order to
move to take up the bill to establish certain post
routes?
Mr. HUDSON moved that (he House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state ot
; the Union. Lost.
The committees were then callcd for reports.
