924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
salary had been originally $1,200, and that the
duty of the place was not more arduous than
that usually discharged by an eight-hundred-dollar
clerk; but by some contrivance, of which Mr. C.
was ignorant, it had in some way been raised to
$1,400, and now the House had a sample of the
means in this interpolated note. It was plain there
had been culpable conduct somewhere.
The amendment was adopted new. con.
Mr. ViiSfTON moved to add to the item pro-
viding for the General Land Office, " For compen-
sation of eight clerks in said office for one year at
$1,000 per annum each, §8,000."
Mr. CUMMINS moved to increase the sum
to §8,800. These clerks were needed not for gen-
eral, but for specific duties. He went into an ex-
planation of the grounds of his amendment, and
staled the number of clerks employed upon the
mineral lands, and those upon the military bounty
lands. The business respecting the mineral lands
had been transferred to the Land Office proper,
and two additional clerks would be needed there
on that account. And in regard to the military
bounty lands, there was not now one clerk of the
regular number to register warrants or issue the
patents for the land. The great number of war-
rants rendered this a very arduous service. A
letter was read from the Land Commissioner.
Mr. C.'s amendment was rejected, and that
offered by Mr. Vinton adopted.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL moved an amendment
for three additional clerks in the Comptroller's
office. He argued in support of the amendment
that it was necessary there should be a certain
proportion between the force in the Comptroller's
office and that of the Second Auditor.
Mr. FICKLIN moved, to strike out three and
insert two. And a long discussion ensued, which
resulted in the rejection of the amendment.
Mr. VINTON moved to insert an item of $ 
for the rent of additional rooms for clerks attached
to the Treasury Department. A letter was read
from the Secretary of the Treasury, stating the
whole number of clerks in his employ, and the
se\eral rooms of the Treasury Building in which
they were now distributed, representing that they
-wcie very much crowded, and that many rooms
in the basement, so dark and damp as to require
fires all the summer long, had been converted into
offices and were now occupied by clerks. He then
described the new building recently erected by W.
W. Corcoran, and gave a list of the rooms it con-
tained, and the sum asked by the proprietors for
the use of the whole, including a fire-proof vault.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to amend
by adding a proviso that the Secretary should not
pay more rent for this building than at the rate of
$60 per room. If the sum m the amendment was
allowed, the rooms would average $90 per year.
The rooms were not fire-proof, though the vault
was. He believed $90 a piece for mere naked
rooms, without an article of furniture, was more
than the Government had ever paid yet. For his
own part, he did not think new rooms necessary;
but, at all events, $90 was too large a lent. Mr.
H. withdrew his amendment, and—
Mr. POLLOCK offered another, to enable Mr.
Vinton to make an explanation.
Mr. VINTON said that the department had
originally estimated the sum necessary to procure
these apartments at $2,500, but had afterwards
written to the Committee of Ways and Means
stating that they could not be got for less than
$3,500. The amendment he had offered did not
specify what rooms the Secretary was to have; it
merely allowed him a certain sum for office-rent,
and left it to him to obtain such rooms as suited
him. The House of Representatives could not go
into regulating the rent of rooms. The Secretaiy
was trusted to make contracts involving millions,
and certainly a little matter like this might be left
to his discretion.
Mr. WHITE wanted to know whether the
contract with Mr. Corcoran extended for longer
than one year?
Mr. VINTON* said there was no contract.
Mr. HOUSTON asked whether a portion of the
clerks did not already occupy these rooms, or
some of them ?
A letter from the Secretary was read in expla-
nation.
Mr. STANTON, on a pro forma motion to re-
duce the amount, went on to observe that he had
no doubt additional room was needed at the Treas-
ury, but he insisted it was the duty of the Secre- j
tary to have submitted to the House before now a i
plan and estimates for the completion of all the !
public buildings. He held it entirely improper j
that this Government should be a renter; nor was it !
right that individuals should be encouraged to put j
up a private building with the understanding that '
it was to be rented by theGovernment. The whole
system was wrong. Government was abundantly
able to put up buildings for itself. Let the public
buildings be completed. Whether they were to
be carried out in the same magnificent style of ex-
pensive decoration, he would not say. If not, let ,
the plan be reduced; but let the Government not be
dependent on individuals for room to conduct its '
business. j
Mr. VINTON said the arrangement v/as not a 1
permanent one. The appropriation for rent was j
only for the present year. i
Mr. STANTON'knew that. But the new build- i1
ing had been erected with an understanding, and
he presumed it would continue to be occupied on |
public account until Mr. William W. Corcoran I
had realized some fifteen or twenty per cent, on ;
his outlay. I1
Mr. VINTON reminded Mr. Stanton that the
rooms now occupied in the Treasury Building cost
the Government on an average over five hundred
dollars apiece annually.
Mr. STANTON. Yes; but a great pare of that !
expense was to be charged on the magnificent col-
onnades and costly decorations of the building.
The Government could build a fire-proof building
that would accommodate its clerks as cheaply as
individuals could. It was necessary to employ a
watchman there night and day. By doing this,
Government would become the insurer of the build-
ing.
Mr. McLANE renewed the pro forma amend-
ment, and then observed that he considered it very
unwise, very unsafe, and very unsatisfactory to
have the Government dependent for its accommo-
dation on hiring private houses. The character of
the Government demanded that it should be ac-
commodated m buildings of its own. But, in the
absence of such, and under the necessity of this
case, he thought it strange the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] should oppose this
amendment.
Mr. STANTON disclaimed any intention to op-
pose it. He had merely pressed the duty of com-
pleting the public buildings.
Mr. McLANE reminded him that there was
already a recommendation from the department
for that object. But, meanwhile, all the depart-
ments had been in the habit of hiring. , The Pen-
sion Office, the Pay Office, the Topographical
Engineer Office, the Coast Survey Office, were all
in private buildings. Was it for that House to go
into a question of rent?
Mr. STANTON inquired whether, in the cases
referred to, buildings had been erected with the
express understanding that they were to be occu-
pied by the Government?
Mr. McLANE did not know, nor did he know
anything about this new building—whether there
was an understanding or not, whether it was now
occupied or not, nor even who owned it; but this
he knew, that the department greatly needed more
room. The House surely ought to repose some
confidence in our public officers.
Mr. NICOLL advocated the amendment. The
want was admitted by all; and he did not think
the rent demanded for spacious and commodious
rooms like those in the new building was exorbi-
tant. The price paid for small rooms, in compar-
atively poor houses, in isolated positions, formed
no rule to judge of the rent of rooms like these,
all contiguous to each other and under one roof.
The convenience of the department would be great-
ly promoted by this latter circumstance. Capital-
ists were shy of investing their money in buildings
here on account of the uncertainty that the city
would be permanently the seat of' Government.
He thought the sum asked was not more than
fair.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to cut down
the sum by one thousand dollars. He thought
that the clerks were very comfortably accommo-
dated where they were in the Treasury Building.
He was willing, however, as the number of clerks
was to be increased, that additional room should
be provided, but the sum ought to be reduced. •
After some further conversation, and the reading
j of another letter from the Secretary, the amend-
ment of Mr. Hall was rejected, and that moved
; by Mr. Vinton adopted.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment increasing
j the number of additional clerks in the Pension
■ Office, engaged on bounty land business, from ten
i to twenty-seven, and to increase the appropriation
I correspondingly.
1 Mr. V. caused to be read a letter from the Com-
missioner of Pensions, showing the necessity for
1 the increase proposed.
I The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM moved an amendmentto increase
the salary of the Commissioner of Pensions to
' $3,000.
' Mr. P. briefly urged the justice of the increase
to the salary formerly received by this officer, on
i account of his very arduous duties, exceeding per-
[ haps those performed by any other officer.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the item " for
rent of houses occupied by the Pension Office,
^600." Agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved to increase the amount
appropriated for temporary clerks in the Adjutant
General's office from $1,000 to $2,000. It was-
agreed to.
Also, for three extra clerks in the office of the
Commissary General of Subsistence for one year,
at $1,000 each, $3,000. Agreed to.
Also, for extra clerk hire in the Quartermaster
General's office, §5.000. [A letter was read from
General Jesup, showing the necessity of this
amendment.] Agreed to.
Also, for rent of additional offices and fuel for
War Department, §8,500.
Mr. SCHENCK desired, before they went on
voting thousands for rent to be paid to speculators
upon the Government, to know how it was that
this building had been put up; how it happened
that individuals had gone on and put up an exten-
sive building, expressly fitted for this purpose, to
be rented to the War Department? Was it by
any private understanding with the department?
He thought the Government should erect the build-
ings it needed. He would ratify no such side-way
private bargains with favorites of the department
and speculators.
Mr. VINTON explained during the time allot-
ted by the rule, and, the time having expiied, was
allowed by general consent to conclude. He stated
that the department had recommended an appro-
priation of §10,500, but the Committee of Ways
and Means proposed to reduce it to §8,500; that
the Government, in its various departments, now
rented various rooms for the use of the Engineer
department, Pension office, &c., (for which the
War Department now paid $4,150.) The build-
ings now rented wcre^ unsafe, us exposed to fire,
and the object of this building, winch was fire-
proof, was to concentrate all these scattered offices
into one safe building. He referred to fires which
had occurred in previous years in the Post Office
Department, Patent Office, Treasury Department,
War Department, with the consequent enormous
and irreparable losses to theGovernment, and said
here was an opportunity to get the public papers
into fire-proof buildings. He agreed with his col-
league that the Government should put up its own
fire-proof buildings, but it was not the duty of the
Committee of Ways and Means to originate meas-
ures directed to this object.
Mr. WHITE inquired if there was anything in
the correspondence which showed how long this
building was to be occupied, and whether indefi-
nitely ?
Mr. VINTON said there was no contract, or
anything that showed that they would be occupied
any longer than the Secretary of War considered
necessary. This individual, knowing that the
Government was renting buildings all around, be-
fore he erected this building, had written to the
Secretary of War, proposing to put up a fire-proof
building, and to rent it for ^175 per room, and find
fuel; the Secretary of War replied that he had no
authority to make any contract to extend beyond
his term of office, but that the department wanted
rooms, and while he continued at the head of the
department he should rent these fire-proof rooms.
Mr. BARRINGER inquired how much rent
was paid by the Government in its various depart-
ments: According to his estimate, it was about
four times as much as had been paid heretofore.
Mr. VINTON said the Secretary of the Treas-
