1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
ury estimated that the rent of the necessary rooms
to accommodate his clerks would be $3,500.
Mr. BARRINGER. That, with the sum pro-
posed by the War Department, makes upwards
of $12,000.
Some further conversation ensued.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL moved to increase the
sum to $10,j500. Although the correspondence
showed no actual contract, he had always under-
stood that there was a sort of agreement between
the Secretary of War and the highly-respectable
gentleman—Mr. Winder, of Philadelphia—who
had erected this building. He instanced therecent
destruction by fire of the maps and charts in rela-
tion to the northeastern boundary, in the office of
Major Graham, and urged the propriety and im-
portance of this amendment, in order to secure the
public documents.
Mr. Ingersoll's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HUDSON (on an amendment moved and
withdrawn) explained the action of the sub-com-
mittee of the Committee of Ways and Means, of
which sub-committee he was a member. In an
interview with Mr. Winder, that gentleman had
represented that the cost of the building- would be
$100,000" to $125,000; but the inference he (Mr.
H.) had drawn was, that it would not be over
$100,000. There were 125 rooms in the building,
of which the War Department proposed to occupy
but 60, or not quite one-half; and for this half the
department asked an appropriation of $10,500; but
he thought it should be reduced to §6,000, which,
for this one-half of the building, would be at least
ten per cent, on the cost of the building.
Mr. BAYLY (speaking in like manner) correct-
ed the statement of Mr. Hudson, and said he had
received information from Mr. Winder that, the
erection of the buildings being more expensive
here than in Philadelphia, the cost of this would
probably be $125,000 to $130,000. He argued that
the Government should not regulate the amount
of rent it would pay on the basis of occupying but
one-half of the building, for it would be unsafe
and impolitic in every respect to deposit the public
papers where private individuals, speculators, &c.,
occupied the alternate rooms.
Mr. HUDSON said, that Mr. Winder calculated
that the other departments would want the other
rooms.
Mr. BAYLY replied, that the Secretaries of the
Navy and Treasury were not willing to take the
number they had given encouragement they would
do, and argued that a fair rent of the building
should he given.
Mr. DUER moved to reduce the amount to
$7,000. Rejected.
Mr. SOHENCKmoved tomakethesum $6,000,
for the purpose of explanation. He spoke through
his five minutes, and then called for tellers on his
amendment; but they were not ordeied.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITE submitted an amendment to pro-
vide that the adoption of this provision should not
be a pledge or guarantee on the part of this Gov-
ernment to retain these buildings after the appro-
priation shall heve been exhausted.
Mr. VINTON said there was no objection to
that, and it was therefore accepted.
Mr. G. S. HOUSTON made a pro forma mo-
tion, on which he made some explanatory observa-
tions.
Mr. RTTMSEY offered an amendment to appro-
priate §125,000, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretaries of the War and Navy Depart-
ments, for the erection of suitable buildings for the
use of those departments.
After some conversation, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Several other amendments were proposed and
rejected, and the amendment of Mr. Vinton was
then agreed to.
THE NAVAL BUREAUS.
The committee then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the items under the head of Navy De-
partment.
Mr. SAWYER proposed to amend by reducing
the salary of the chief of the Bureau of Navy
Yards and Docks from £3,500 to $3,000.
Mr. VINTON explained, that the head of that
bureau was a post captain in the navy, and his
salary was fixed by the act of 1842, which limited
the number of navy officers.
_ Mr. SAWYER replied, that Congress had the
right to fix the salary of this and all other officers;
and the captain who was at the head of the bureau
could refuse to take the office if it gave him less
salary than he obtained at sea. He had, however,
resigned the situation of post captain for an easier
one here, which he doubted not could be filled at
$3,000 per annum.
Mr. HUDSON said the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio would incur an additional ex-
pense, rather than effect a saving; for, if the
present chief of this bureau should retire, he would
receive $3,500, the pay of a post captain, and they
would get a civilian at the head of this bureau, at
an annual charge of $3,000. They would there-
fore be throwing a large amount away.
Mr. SAWYER inquired if this chief of the
bureau would necessarily return to the rank of
post captain ?
[Several voices answered, Certainly.]
Mr. SAWYER said he had no interest in this
but the public good, and he saw no reason why
one officer should be reduced and another kept on
at a large salary.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, having made a pro forma
motion to amend, said the law provided that the
heads of these byreaus should be captains in the
naval service, except the Bureau of Construction.
Mr. SAWYER. What law?
Mr. KING. The law of 1842; and it provided
that they should receive simply the salary of such
officers; and it prevented the necessity of appoint-
ing and paying new officers. It was supposed, too,
that these naval officers would be better acquainted '
with the duties of these bureaus than civilians, and j
thei efo re efficiency was secured as well as economy. '
He had excepted the Bureau of Construction, which I
it was supposed, when the law of 1842 passed, >
would be better filled by a naval constructor, and !
therefore the salary of that officer was fixed at |
$3,000, without reference to the pay of a captain j
on duty. That was the reason of the variation. ;
He hoped, therefore, that no change would take j
place in this provision, fixing the pay of the head
of this bureau, for he was simply appointed at the
discretion and pleasure of the Secretary of the
Navy; and when he left that bureau he will be
liable to be called to other duty, at the same amount
per annum.
The gentleman from Ohio was in error if he
supposed that these captains took these bureaus
from choice. They did no such thing; but they
took them because they were ordered there; and
it was a principle in the naval service that no officer
could decline any duty to which he had been or-
dered, without risking the danger of losing his
commission and being struck fiom the roll of offi-
cers.
Mr. SAWYER thought he understood this
matter quite as well as the gentleman from Georgia
did; but he begged to ask the gentleman how many
post captains there were by law, and if the num-
ber could not be conveniently curtailed? He also
wished to know if the number was complete with-
out the chief of this bureau?
Mr. KING replied that there were sixty-seven
post captains authorized by law, and they did
not exceed that number. That was the num-
ber fixed by the law of 1842, which limited the
naval service. The heads of these bureaus were
part of those sixty-seven, and were liable to be re-
moved at any time; they only remained there
because they were ordered there.
Mr. SCHENCK made & pro forma motion, that '
he might make some explanations. He said if this j
amendment should prevail, the effect would be [
that these post captains would seek other service, j
such as the commands of navy-yards, where they j
would get their §3,500 per annum, and these bu- I
reaus would have to be intrusted to civilians, at a !
salary of $3,000, and thus the country would lose '
§2,500. ^ |
Mr. SAWYER'inquired if it was absolutely ne- \
cessary that there should be sixty-seven post cap- I
tains? He should be glad to see them reduced to a
dozen. :
Some further explanations were made by Messrs. i
SAWYER, SCHENCK,and VINTON, and then i
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VINTON, by direction of the Committee ;
of Ways and Means, moved to strike out " ten" |
and insert "eleven" m theitem of $10,400 for sal- j
aries of civil engineer, dtiUightsman, clerk, and j
messenger. The object was to increase the appro- I
priation by $1,000, for an additional clerk, which
was found absolutely necessary.
Mr. STRONG made a pro forma motion that he
might ask if in the navy appropriation bill there
was not an appropriation for all post captains, in-
cluding the chief of this bureau; and if that were
so, whether, by appropriating the sum of $3,500
for his salary here, they did not in effect give him
a double salary, one as post captain in the navy,
and one as the chief of this bureau? He asked for
information.
Mr. SCHENCK replied that the head of this
bureau received pay but once. He received the
pay to which he was entitled as a post captain,
which amounted to $3,497 63, for all his service.
Mr. STRONG, then, did not understand why
by this bill they should be asked to make com-
pensation to him as chief of this bureau, when he
was already compensated by the navy bill.
Mr, VINTON said the general estimates for the
naval service were sent in; for, as a matter of
course, this officer could be removed from his
present position at any moment, and in such an
event he would have to be paid as a post captain
in the naval service. But it was provided by Jaw
that while he was at the head of this bureau he
could only receive pay as its chief, and not his
salary as a post captain. He could not be paid
twice, and if he should remain in this bureau, his
pay as a post captain would go to and form part
of the unexpended balances for the year.
Mr. STRONG wished distinctly to understand
if his pay as a post captain was suspended?
Mr. VINTON. Certainly.
Mr. STRONG withdrew his amendment.
Mr. VINTON again entered into an explana-
tion to show the necessity of the increase of the
appropriation by the amount which he had pro-
posed.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. SAWYER said he had several other amend-
ments to offer, but he would not offer them in vio-
lation of the express will of the committee.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to amend the
item providing for the payment of the chief of the
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Repairs,
so as to give him the same pay that he would re-
ceive if he were employed in other duties. It had
been thought that it would promote the good of the
service by having a navy captain at the head of
this bureau, the duties of which were more ar-
duous than those of any other department in the
navy. It was not supposed to be necessary to
have a navy captain at the head of this bureau
when the law of 1842 was passed; but it had since
been deemed wise and proper to place a captain at
the head of the bureau, with the pay of the heads
of other bureaus.
Mr. SAWYER inquired how much he got.
Mr. KING replied $3,000.
Mr. SAWYER. And what do you propose to
give?
Mr. KING. The same as he would receive if
he were at sea. The head of this bureau is a very
meritorious officer. The steps which he has taken,
with the permission of the Secretary of the Navy,
in the promotion of reforms, will reduce the cost
of constructing our ships one-third or one-fourth.
He (Commodore Skinner) held a most responsible
position. There was more money expended in his
department than nearly any other, and his econom-
ical reforms would save hundreds of thousands of
dollars, when the business of his department went
to any reasonable extent, even m one year. He
hoped the committee would place the head of that
bureau on the same scale of emoluments which
others received, who had less arduous duties to
discharge, as commandants ofnavy-yards,&c. He
had already explained the reason why he had not
the same emolument at this time. It was not con-
templated in 1842 to place a navy captain there;
but it had been found that the craft were not will-
ing to introduce reforms in the expenditures for
labor and materials, especially the labor of con-
structing our ships, which had been found advisa-
ble in other service, and therefore became necessary
in ours. It was not necessary that the head of this
bureau should be an accomplished naval construct-
er. He required some knowledge of the expendi-
ture of money and of labor, but not of making
models, or of the particular manner of applying
that labor.
Mr. SAWYER said these faefs satisfied him
that the head of this bureau should be a civilian,
