926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
who would be ten times better than an officer of
the navy, who had spent his time on shipboard,
and who possessed no mechanical genius. He did
not approve of this plan of making provision for
old dilapidated officers,and he believed they should
save money for the Government if they put these
old, superannuated officers on half-pay and turned
them adrift. In this office they should have a reg-
ular ship-builder, and not one who knew nothing
about mechanical construction.
Mr. FARAN moved that the committee rise.
Lost.
The question was then taken on Mr. King's
amendment, by tellers, and the vote was 62 in the
affirmative, and 5U in the negative, being less than
a quorum.
Mr. VINTON asked for another count, for he
was satisfied there was a quorum present.
[Cries of " No; call the roll."]
The motion to rise was renewed, and again re-
jected.
The tellers (Messrs. Venable and Fulton)
again took the vote on the amendment, and they
reported 51 in the affirmative, and 51 in the nega-
tive.
The CHAIRMAN voted in the negative, and
then directed the Clerk to call the roil.
The roll was called accordingly, and the names
of the absentees were reported to the House, to be
entered upon the Journal.
The House havingagain gone into committee—
Mr. POLLOCK/moved that the committee rise.
Lost.
The question then recurred on the amendment,
and again it was found that no quorum voted.
Mr. VINTON called upon the committee to
rise, and he hoped the names of the absentees
would be published in the morning newspapers.
The committee rose, and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON then moved a call of the House.
A motion to adjourn was made in several quar-
teis, and on that motion the yeas and nays were
callcd for and ordered, and being taken, resulted
thus: Yeas 57, nays 79.
Mr. SAWYER asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the names; of such members a-« are found
absent on a call of the roll at any time, be published the
next enduing day in the Union and National Intelligencer
newspapers.
Objected to, and not received.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
A motion to adjourn was again made, and again
rejected by yens and nays: Yeas 63, nays 73.
'Mr. BOWDON rose to a privileged question.
He said he had observed, by reference to the
Journal of yesterday, that his name was errone-
ously recorded in the affirmative on agreeing to
the second resolution reported by the Committee
on Commerce, on the subject of harbor and river
improvement. He had voted in the negative.
The Journal was ordered to be so corrected.
The question was then put on the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and it was rejected.
A CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. VINTON moved a call of the House.
A motion to adjourn was again made, on which
the yeas and nays stood: Yeas 59, nays 69.
The question was now put on ordering a call of
the House, and it was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and 136 mem-
bers answered to their names.
The names of the absent members were then
called, and 142 answered in all.
The doors of the Hall were then closed.
Mr. CABELL moved to dispense with further
proceedings in the call. Lost.
Mr. McKAY said he was unwell, and he hoped
the House would excuse him for the remainder of
the day.
Mr. VINTON moved to excuse Mr. McKay.
Agreed to.
"The cail of the roll was continued.
When the name of Mr. Bridges was called—
Mr. LORD moved to excuse him. Agreed to.
Messrs. Butler and Barrow were excused for
reasons assigned.
Mr. HtJDSON moved, at five o'clock, to sus-
pend further proceedings in the call. Rejected.
Mr. GREEN1 moved to excuse Mr. Jameson.
Agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, moved to excuse |
his colleague, Mr. Leffler, who was absent from i
the city. Agreed to. }
Mr. BAYLY moved to excuse his colleague, i
Mr. McDowell, stating as his reason that Mr. '
McD. had been in the House until late in the day, i
and he left the House in a state of great exhaustion, j
Not excused. ;
Mr. tallmadge moved to excuse Mr. Mur- ;
phy, on account of indisposition. Agreed to. 1
Messrs. Mcilvaine, Ness, and Robinson were i
severally excused for reasons assigned.
Mr. HUNT moved to excuse Mr. St. John, j
who was in the city of New York on business of;
very great importance. Disagreed to. |
Mr. Williams was excused on account of indis- '
position. -I
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved that the Sergeant- j
at-arms be sent for the absentees. !.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to dispense
with the further proceedings of the call. Lost..
Mr. miller moved, at ten minutes after five
o'clock, to adjourn. Lost.
The question was put on the motion to send the i
Sergeant-at-arms after absentees, and it was agreed j
to. ,
Mr. BOWDON asked to be excused from fur- I
ther attendance this day. Not granted. '
A motion was again made to adjourn, and again !
rejected. j
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to suspend fur-1
ther proceedings in the call. Many of the mem- i]
bers had left the House after the roil was first called, j
He hoped the call would be suspended and renewed
de novo. If the call were persisted m, it would be I
putting in the pockets of the Sergeant-at-arms ]
some one or two hundred dollars, which would j
come out of the contingent fund of the House. I
The yeas and nays were demanded and taken I
on suspending the call, and resulted: Yeas 48, 1
nays 65. j;
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired of the Chair u
how many members had left the House since the ,
call was commenced ?
The, SPEAKER replied about twenty. !
Messrs. French and Farrelly were severally
excused at their own request.
Mr. Blanchard was also excused on account
of ill health. , . ,
Here the Sergeant-at-arms entered the Hall ;
with Messrs. Lahm, Edwards, and Darling.
The SPEAKER. Samuel Lahm, you have
been absent from the House, without its leave
and contrary to its order; if you have anything to
say, you will now be heard.
Mr. LAHM said: Mr. Speaker, called upon,
as I am, to render an excuse for my absence at
the call of the roll, I state to you and the members ;
of this House, that since the commencement of the ,
present session of Congress, it has been my prac- ;
tice to be always present in my seat and attentive
to my duty. An examination of the Journal will 1
show that I have been absent at the calling of the
yeas and nays as few times as any member of the i1
House, and, with the exception of an absence of
a few days m the spring on a visit to my family, !i
the Journal will show that I have not missed cer- !'
tainly over half a dozen votes during the present :
session. Yesterday morning I was detained in ,
my room a few minutes after the usual time of the
meeting of the House, and when I entered the
Hall I found the clerk calling the yeas and nays i
on one of the resolutions on river and harbor im-
provement, reported fiom the Committee on Com- |
merce, for winch I was exceedingly anxious to !
vote; but, my name having just been passed, I I
could not, and I am happy of having this oppor-
tunity to make this statement. I believe it was
the only vote I have missed for a number of days.
Sir, I have sat here for over seven months, and
for a large portion of the time was compelled to
listen to discussions which to me were exceedingly
uninteresting, and *ery frequently were not at ail
pertinent to the question before the House; and
when I was well satisfied that it was a useless •
waste of the time of the House, and a worse than .
useless expenditure of the money of the people.
Sir, I came here this morning at the meeting of the
House, and from that time until half-past tlnee
o'clock sat and listened to discussions, a large part
of which were by no means interesting to me.
Thar hems: the hour for my dinner, and later than
the usual hour of adjournment,! left, supposing
the House would immediately adjourn. Sir, I b&-  
lieve I have faithfully discharged my duty to my
constituents; I look to them for a justification of
my course here. I have committed no offence
against this House, and therefore have no excuse
to offer it for anything that 1 have done.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved that Mr. Lahm
be admitted to his seat on payment of fees.
Agreed to.
The same ceremony took place in regard to
Messrs. Edwards, Gaines, and Darling, who
gave in excuses, and were severally admitted to
their seats on the payment of the fees.
At twenty minutes before six o'clock, a motion
to adjourn was again made, and rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved to excuse Mr. Cranston,
who was present when the call commenced, and
answered to his name. He afterwards left the
Hall under great exhaustion."
Mr. TOMPKINS inquired if Mr. Cranston
had not been present nearly all day, and voted in
every instance during his presence against motions
to adjourn?
[Voices: "Certainly."]
The House refused to excuse Mr. Cranston.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to excuse his
colleague, [Mr. Stephens.] Mr. K. said it was
well known that Mr. S. had been suffering from
severe ill health during the session.
Mr. Stephens was excused.
Mr. INGE moved an adjournment at a quarter
before six o'clock. Rejected.
The House, by a special vote, ordered the names
of the members who answered to their names on
tha first call of the roll, and who had not subse-
quently answered, to be read. These were about
twenty in number.
Mr. SAWYER said that the House had been
in session nearly seven hours; it was very hot,
and many members had not taken their dinner.
Now, in order that those members who were
hungry might go home and get their dinner, and
something else " needful" to cheer the inner man—
a little of " the critter"—he would move that the
members who had been found absent without the
leave and contrary to the rules of the House, be
retained in the custody of the Sergeant-at-arms,
and be brought in to-morrow morning to give their
excuses and receive their sentences.
Mr. ATKINSON made oneortwo remarks not
distinctly heard by the reporter.
At six o'clock, a motion to adjourn was made,
and was rejected.
The question was then put on the motion made
by Mr. Sawyer. It was decided by yeas and
nays: Yeas 68, nays 47.
So the House resolved that the absent members
should be brought up to-morrow morning.
The Sergeant-at-arms was then directed to bring
in such members as he had in custody, and he ac-
cordingly brought in Messrs. Kaufman and New-
all, who were called upon by the Speaker for ex-
cuses; giving none, they were admitted to their
seats on the payment of fees.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL stated, that a highly
respected member, (Governor McDowell, of Vir-
ginia, who was in a very bad state of health,) was
among the absentees. He hoped, by unanimous
consent, he would be excused.
No objection being made, Mr. McDowell was
accordingly excused.
And then the House, ataquarter aftersix o'clocks
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
WEnsT.'n\y, July 1*2, 1848.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitted in compliance with
a resolution of the 25th of June last, calling for
the proceedings of the court of inquiry convened
at Saltillo, January 1*2, 1S48, for the purpose of
obtaining full information relative to an alleged
mutiny at Buena Vista about the 15th August,
1847.
REPOKTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Finance, reported the amendments of the House
to the amendment of the Senate to the Indian ap-
propriation bill, with a recommendation that the
Senate concur.
After some conversation as to the propriety of
amending the amendment of the House in the item
for payment of the citums of the Cherokee In-
dians-—
