928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10.
cision of a local court, was decided by the Supreme
Court to be unconstitutional.
Mr. CALHOUN complained that a different
construction had been placed on the law relative to
ordinary fugitives from justice, and on that rela-
tive to fugitive slaves. This showed that the power
of the United States was too inadequate to secure
equal justice throughout the whole of the Union.
Mr. CORWIN referred to the course of Ohio,
where a law similar to that passed in Pennsylva-
nia became a law in Ohio, in repealing the law as
soon as the Supreme Court had decided it to be
unconstitutional.
Mr. CALHOUN said the decision did not touch
the ordinance of 1787; it was merely a decision
under the Constitution. The ordinance was a
previous contract, which was not touched by the
Constitution.
Mr. CORWTN replied that the language of the
ordinance and that of the Constitution were nearly
the same; that the Constitution adopted andreim-
posed the obligations of the ordinance, and that
the decision of the Supreme Court embraced both.
Mr. BRIGHT asked if the motion of the Sen-
ator from Delaware was not to refer this bill and
the subject of the Territories of California and
New Mexico to a committee of eight members.
Mr. CLAYTON explained, that he oniy moved
to recommit this bill and the various amendments.
Mr. BRIGHT asked if it would afterwards be
his intention to refer the bills relative to California
and New Mexico to the same committee.
Mr. BERRIEN expressed his belief that such
might be hereafter the course pursued, but it was
not included in the present motion.
Mr. BRIGHT said he should be glad to have
this debate arrested by a breath. The Committee
on Territories had been engaged in maturing bills
for the new Territories, and he was happy to say
"with a fair prospect of reporting a bill m two or
three days; but he hoped that if this bill should
be referred to a~special committee, the other bills
would be sent there also. Such a committee would
Jay hold of the confidence of the country, and he
hoped the question would now be taken.
Mr. DICKINSON said this was the first speck
of light we have had for some time, and he hoped
the motion of the Senator from Delaware would
prevail.
Mr. HALE said he saw no speck of light at all.
On the contrary, he believed that it would only
make the mist thicker. He expressed his belief,
that no committee of this Senate could effect any
compromise which the people would ratify. This
was a question in which thepeople were morelikely
to guide the Senate, than that the Senate would be
able to guide the people. There could be no com-
promise. He hoped the question would be taken
on the amendments, and by yeas and nays. The
sending out of the list of the vote would have a
greater effect than any other document in enlight-
ening the country.
Mr. BUTLER said if this motion should pre-
vail, the Committee on Territories would feel itself
bound to suspend its action on the bills under con-
sideration, until the judgment of this special com-
mittee should be expressed. He believed that the
principle which would be introduced in this bill
would govern every other territorial bill which
might be brought before Congress. Although the
Senator from New Hampshire might have courage
to sport with the elements of danger by which the
Union itself might be overthrown, he (Mr. B.)
had not the courage to sport with them. He be-
lieved it to be necessary that this question should
be settled this session.
Mr. HALE said he would be willing to vote
now to give back to Mexico all the territory which
we have obtained from her,and that would putan
end to the question. Indemnity for the past, and
security for the future, was honor and glory
enough. We can afford to say to Mexico, " We
give you back the land; it has harmed us more than
you; it has only been a bone of contention to us."
Mr. FOOTE made some remarks in reply.
Mr. CLAYTON said he did not intend to refer
the subjects of California and New Mexico to this
committee. He wished the Committee on Territo-
ries to go on with their work—waiting before they
report, for the decision of the special committee
or of the Senate. For the purpose of allaying the
general excitement, and giving a chance for the
settlement of the question, he had proposed his
motion for a select committee.
Mr. HALE and Mr. FOOTE made mutual ex-
planations.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he should vote for the
motion of the Senator from Delaware. He never
had any fear that the Senate would attach any
Wilmot proviso to this bill; or, if it did, we have
a Chief Magistrate at the other end of the avenue
who would put a veto on it. He had no fear,
therefore, ,that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, or any of those who acted with him, would
be gratified. He hoped the Committee on Terri-
tories would be discharged from the consideration
of the California and New Mexico bills, and that
they would be referred to this select committee.
Mr. N1LES said, that while he gave the Senator
from Delaware credit for good motives in making
this motion, he could not see any good which could
result from it. To compromise, requires two par-
ties; and here, both the compromise and they who
propose it are on one side of the line. He thought
the people must settle the thing, and that it will not
be settled at this session. We may pass a law,
but the people will come here and^ask for its
repeal.
Mr. BERRIEN urged the Senate to come to a
vote, without further debate. He could see noth-
ing in the motion which could be objectionable to
any party; and he hoped, that on the calm com-
parison of opinions in the committee-room, some
arrangement of a satisfactory character might be
agreed on.
Mr. DOWNS spoke in favor of the proposition;
and, after a few words from Mr. BALDWIN
against the motion—
Mr. BRIGHT suggested a modification to the
effect that the Committee on the Territories be dis-
charged from the further consideration of so much
of the President's message as relates to New Mex-
ico, California, and Oregon, and that the same be
referred to the select committee of eight.
Mr. CLAYTON accepted the modification; and
the question was then taken by yeas and nays, and
decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Athei ton, Badger, Bell, Benton?
Berrien, Borland, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Clayton?
Davis of Mississippi, Dajton, Diekmt-on, Down*-, Foote,
Hannegan, Hunter, Johnson of Marjlaml, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Lewis, Mason, Metcalfe,Ru-^k, Sebastian, tfpru;ince,
Turney, Underwood. Westcott, and Yulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Clarke, Corwln,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dix, Fitzgerald, Greene, Hale,
I-lamlin, Miller, NiJes, Upham, and Walker—14.
And at five p. m. the Senate adjourned in a state
of exhaustion, after a continuous session of six
hours.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 13, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced that, agreeably to
the order of the House of last evening, the Ser-
geant-at-arms had notified the absentees, and that
he now reported the names of fifty-two members
under arrest.
Mr. HUDSON rose to a privileged question. It
was well known that by a vote of the House the
Sergeant-at-arms had been directed to bring the
absentees before the House this morning. He had
witnessed several such scenes, and his observation
had convinced him that the arrests generally fell on
the younger members.
The SPEAKER interposed, and requested the
gentleman to state his motion.
Mr. HUDSON would move to reconsider the
vote by which the Sergeant-at-arms had been or-
dered to arrest the absentees.
The SPEAKER decided the motion out of or-
der, as the order of the House had already been
executed.
Mr. HUDSON moved, then, to dispense with
any further proceeding in the call, and that those
gentlemen who had been fined have their fines
remitted.
The SPEAKER stated that motion to be in
order.
Mr. HUDSON, having ascertained from the
Speaker that the motion was debatable, proceeded
to say he wished to state, from his own observa-
tion, and he believed from the observation of all
the older members of this House, that every call
of the House had been entirely abortive for good,
and had operated with great injustice. Many gen-
tlemen who were absent from the city at their
homes, attending to their own business for a great
part of the session, escaped theoperation of the call
entirely. Some of the older members, who were
present when their names were first called, respond-
ed and then absented themselves; and many time3
those who were most punctual in their attendance
were the first and the principal examples the House
made.
He wished that all further proceedings be dis-
pensed with, and that the fines imposed yesterday
be remitted. He believed,after the examples they
had made yesterday, and the admonitions given
to members, that the only purpose why this call
ever should be enforced had been answered; that
an attendance would be secured in the House for
the future, and that they had better devote their
time this morning to the discharge of the public
business than any further to continue the proceed-
ing in the case, which operated very unjustly and
unequally.
Mr. SIMS professed equal feeling for the young
members with the gentleman from Massachusetts;
but really they had some old sinners, such as his
friend from Philadelphia [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll]
and his colleague from the-Barnwell district [Mr.
Rhett]—the patriarchs, he might say, of the
House—upon whom the further proceedings would
operate. It was very far from the fact that the
young members would be caught this morning on
account of then* inexperience. Those who were
green in the matter would run into the door imme-
diately, and many of them had suffered the pen-
alty yesterday; but these older members were be-
hind, *to be dragged up to-day. He hoped the
proceedings would not be dispensed with.
Mr. LAHM wished to say to the gentleman
from South Carolina, that some of those who had
come in yesterday had not done it because they
were green at all. [Laughter.] They were ready
to stand and meet the case. [Renewed laughter.]'
Mr. BOTT3 moved the previous question—m
oider, he remarked, that they might get to the
public business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
being one of the gentlemen in custody of the Ser-
geant-at-arms, the Chair cannot recognize him.
[Great laughter.]
Mr. LINCOLN, remarking that he believed he
was still a member, moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
dispensing with further proceedings in the case,
and remitting the fines imposed yesterday.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. VENABLE inquired of the Chair whether
the gentlemen in custody were entitled to vote
upon this question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that they are not entitled to vote.
Mr. PETTIT rose and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
the gentleman from Indiana. [General laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama. I was here, sir.
[A laugh.] I desire to know, if this motion should
prevail, whether the amount of fees is to be paid
to the Sergeant-at-arms ? [Cries of " Yes, yes !"]
And if the fines of gentlemen are remitted, then
are the fees to be paid out of the treasury?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. CONGER moved to lay the motion on the
table.
Mr. ROOT demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question having been propounded—
The SPEAKER said he would now state to the
House that, agreeably to parliamentary prece-
dents, the Clerk would proceed with the roil, and
call all the members of the House, and on making
up the returns, the names of thos.8 on the list of
absentees would be omitted in case they answered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, understood that there
were names on the list of the Sergeant-at-arms by
mistake, and suggested that the list be corrected.
The SPEAKER replied that the list was the
subject of correction in case names of gentlemen
weie ascertained to he erroneously upon it.
Mr. TOMPKINS inquired, m case the motion
to lay on the table failed, and further proceedings
were dispensed with and thefuies remitted, whether
they would not be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House?
The SPEAKER replied, that under the prece-
dents the Sergeant-at-arms would he entitled to
his fees out of the contingent fund, in case the
fines were remitted to gentlemen.
