THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF
WASHINGTON,
BY BLAIR &
RIVES.
30tii Congress,
1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 18,
1848.
New Series
....No. 59.
The question was then put to lay the motion to
suspend further proceedings in the call on the
table.
When the roll had Wen called through, gentle-
men who were present, but who had not voted,
rose to have their names recorded.
Mr. HENLEY also rose, and said he desired
to put a question to the Chair.
The SPEAKER said he could not recognize the
gentleman from Indiana.
[Mr. Henley was one of the absentees.]
Mr. HENLEY, with some warmth, insisted
that he had the rights of a member on this floor.
He had the- same rights as any other member on
this floor, and he again insisted that the Chair
should recognize him.
The SPEAKER rose and stated that this whole
proceeding was supposed to be with closed doors.
By strict right the gentlemen under arrest—those
who were absent yesterday—were not entitled to
be in their seats this morning. They should be
in the custody of the Sergeant-at-arms, and be
admitted when called upon to give their excuses.
Mr. HENLEY. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish
to put my question. [Loud calls of " order."]
The SPEAKER, again said he could not recog-
nize the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HENLEY, with great warmth,insisted that ;
the Chair should recognize him. [Loud cries of.
•'Order! order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-arms will ;
take the gentleman from Indiana into custody. [
The Sergeant-at-arms then proceeded to the gen- j
tleman from Indiana, and took him into custody, j
and they left the House together. Mr. Henley,
however, was not kept in close confinement, for he
soon after returned, and remained outside the bar
until permitted to give his excuse, he having given
the Sergeant-at-arms his parole.
The SPEAKER then announced the vote on the
motion to lay on the table; which was agre'ed to:
Yeas 69, nays 58.
Mr. HILLIARD moved that the gentlemen who
■were under arrest be permitted to take their seats
without further proceedings, on the payment of
the fee usual m such case. [" No, no, no !"J
Mr. PETTIT. I object. I have an excuse
which I wish to make, and I insist on making it.
Mr. HILLIARD would thenmodifyhis motion,
that it might except such as desired to make ex-
cuses.
The motion as modified was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then announced that any gen-
tleman who desired to make an excuse had now
an opportunity to do so.
Mr. PETTIT rose and said he would state very
concisely the reason why he was not present yes-
terday. He was in bed until tea-time last evening,
and should return to his bed as soon as he was re-
lieved from attendance on the House. He was in
bed not only from general indisposition, but from
a weakness in his lea:, which had also become pain-
ful in consequence of too much exercise. [Mr. P.
alluded to his leg, which he has had the misfortune
to break twice in the course of one year.] He was
now here in obedience to the summons of the House.
He had come with a determination to pay all re-
spect to the order of the House, whatever it might
be; and he now respectfully asked the House to
permit him to be discharged.
The SPEAKER put the question on discharging
the gentleman from Indiana, on the payment of
fees.
The motion was agreed to. i
Mr. ATKINSON rose to make an inquiry from j
the Chair as to the rights of the gentleman from !
Indiana, [Mr. Henley,] who desired to make an |
explanation of his non-attendance yesterday, he j
lieu)" m the custody of the Sergeant-at-arms. He j
desired to know if the gentleman from Indiana was j
at liberty to make his excuse? ;
The SPEAKER, replied that the gentleman from i
Indiana, by the resolution just agreed to, was at !
liberty to take his seat on the payment of fees. If j
he desired to make an excuse for non-payment of j
the fees, he might do so. j
Mr. HENLEY said the reason for his absence I
59
was, that the state of his health for the last week
had been such that he had not been able to remain
in the House later than three o'clock. He left the
House yesterday at three o'clock on that account.
Mr. VENABLE moved that the gentleman be
excused. Agreed to.
Mr. BOTTS desired to offer his excuse for not
being present when the roll was called yesterday.
He was somewhat ashamed to do it, because,
though he was but a very young man, he was
laboring under an old man's disease—the lumbago.
He had suffered under that disease for the last few
weeks, and he should not have been in the House
yesterday at all but with the expectation, or rather
hope, that he might be able to get up the army
bill. When he failed in that, he returned home
and retired to rest: for the only way in which he
could obtain relief from pain was by lying down.
He had come here this morning for the purpose
which influenced him yesterday—to endeavor to
get up the army bill; and, if it were not taken up,
he should again retire.
[Mr. B. having finished his explanation, returned
to his seat in a crippled condition, his hand on his
hip, and his usually erect figure bent, as with great
pain. Instead, however, of meeting with sympa-
thy, the honorable gentleman's misfortune was the
source of boisterous mirth to the House, which
was evidently not offensive to him, for his good-
natured face beamed with its invariable cheerful-
ness.]
The motion to excuse the gentleman from "Vir-
ginia was agreed to.
Mr. BRADY said his excuse was this: he had
labored for several days under a severe diarrhoea.
He, notwithstanding, remained here yesterday,
and voted on every motion, until the vote was
taken on the call of the House. On that question
he voted "no." He saw the House was about to
get into a difficulty, and he did not know how long
he might be kept here, and he therefore thought
it safer to get of. He might have remained longer,
if he had not seen that gentlemen were voting for
the call, and doing all they could to promote it,
who were not so diligent in their attention to their
duties in this House as those who left at the usual
hour of adjournment. He was here yesterday
and the day before, when he felt that he ought to
be ill his own room.
Mr. HILLIARD moved that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania be excused.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. LAHM moved a reconsideration of the j
vote by which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
had been just excused. !
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Ohio that the gentleman from Pennsylvania was |
not excused.
Mr. LAHM. Well, I move a reconsideration
of that. [Several voices: " How did you vote?"]
He had not voted at all.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
debate was not in order. Gentlemen who were
absent yesterday could make excuses, but no de-
bate was in order.
Mr. LAHM inquired if a motion to reconsider
was not debatable'
The SPEAKER replied that it was not, unless
the original motion was debatable.
The motion was not pressed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. felt it due to himself,
and due to the House, to make an apology for
being absent yesterday. For the first time, he
was then out of his seat, fie left here yesterday
moi-nino- ten minutes before twelve o clock, op-
pressed with a severe headache. He went home,
and took his bed, and did not get from it until a
quarter past three o'clock, the usual hour of ad-
journment. An honorable member from his State
came to his room at four o'clock, and then he
learned that there was a call of the House. Sup-
posing it to be a call for want of a majority, ho
took a caniage and rode up to the House; and
when he got there, he found the House acting with
closed doors, and consequently he returned home.
Mr. VENABLE moved that the gentleman be
excused. Agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD said he had remained in his
place till near four o'clock. He felt unwell; arid
seeing that gentlemen were resolved to push the
call, he concluded that no business would be
done, so he retired to his lodgings. He was not
sxeused
Mr. I. E. HOLMES said that he had risen not
to offer any excuse for absence, nor to ask that his
fine be remitted. As soon as he heard a call of
the House ordered, he went away. [Alaugh.] He
had seen the measure attempted over and over,
and he had never yet seen any good grow out of
it: for, from some weakness or irresolution, the
House always remitted the fines incurred. He
now congratulated the House that for once they
had had the firmness to carry out the call and in-
flict the punishment. The only way to make a
call anything but a farce, was to enforce the fines.
Mr. "STANTON said he had remained in the
House till three o'clock. He was almost always
in his place, and on this occasion had not thought
his presence of any particular importance, and he
returned to his lodgings. But he wished his con-
stituents and the country to know that he had not
been absent a single day this session, unless during
the meeting of the Baltimore Convention. He did
not wish to be excused. He agreed with the gen-
tleman from South Caiolina, [Mr. HoLMEb,] that
calls of the House usually end^d m little better
than a farce.
Mr. PRIES stated that his reason for leaving
the House before the adjournment had been an
attack of disease. He had gone to his lodgings
and taken his usual dose, and it did lum good;
when a few minutes after he suddenly found him-
self m the custody of the Sergeant-at-arms; lie
had then gone across the street and taken a mint
julep, and he was now here and leady to go to
"work. He was excused.
Mr. CATHCART stated as the reason for his
absence yesterday, that his wife had been taken
very ill, and needed his presence. He was ex-
cused.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, stated that he-
was detained from the House on account of at-
tending to several pension claims for Ins constitu-
ents, and in sending ofF to other constituents
various communications. He was met by the
Sergeant-at-arms on his way to the House, and
was thus too late. But he did not desire to avoid
any cost ofthe proceeding, and preferred not to bo
excused, as the like proceedings might enforce a
better attendance on the House from all members.
Mr. McLANE stated that he had been in the
House till five o'clock, when he had been called
away by indisposition in his family. He stated
this as his reason, but did not ask to be excused.
He was excused, nevertheless.
Mr. HASKELL said he rose to make no ex-
cuse; indeed he felt gratitude to the House that
they had not brought him up half a dozen times
before.
Mr. MAPv-SH slated that had remained m
his place till a few minutes before four o'clock,
when lie had left on account of the illness ot a
member of bis family. He was excused.
Mr. COCKE had not risen to offer an excuse.
He had remained in the House till halt-past four,
when, seeing that the House was getting itself into
a difficulty, he left. . , -n
Mr. BELCHER had remained in his place till
;j a quAiti_r iv.st three, when he was taken ill, and
'■ immediately wept home and went to bed where
:! he remained till the Sergeant-at-arms came knock-
i mo- at hi1? door. It was locked, and the officer did
not break it open; so he lay still, and was now
here in custody. He was excused.
1 Mr V\N DYKE inquired whether the rive
i minutes' rule applied to gentlemen who were sta-
1 lUThee;;plyC"f the CHAIR was not distinctly
heard, but was understood to be that the houi lule
* Vl r VAN" DYKE said he could not state all
i the "reasons of his absence in an hour, and he
scorned to ask any indulgence of the House. He
was not excused.
