1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
toed certain bank bills when some excitement was
created by Democratic congratulations; and this
force was called into existence under those circum-
stances. It was a Democratic measure, to protect
the President of the United States against Whig
indignation.
Mr. VINTON informed his colleague (Mr. Saw-
Ver] that if he succeeded in striking out this item,
he would not accomplish his purpose, because he
made no provision for repealing the law under
which the Auxiliary Guard was appointed.
[Several voices: Then repeal the law.]
Mr. FICKLIN said if the reason given by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] for the
passage of the law which created this Auxiliary
Guard was the true one, according to all sound
reasoning, the law should be repealed, and the
force disbanded, when the reason which called
them into being no longer existed. He thought
there was no danger now of the present incumbent
of the Executive chair, or of the incoming Presi-
dent, whether General Taylor or General Cass
should be elected, being exposed to personal indig-
nity, and therefore he thought this guard should
he abolished. The very terms of the law to which
reference had been made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] showed it to be a guard for
the city of Washington, and not for the public
buildings. It was true the public buildings were
mentioned, but they could not close their eyes to
the fact that there were twenty other guards fori
the protection of those public buildings by day and 1
night. This Auxiliary Guard was for the benefit i
of the city of Washington; but he would ask if, i
notwithstanding their existence, fires were not j
more numerous here than m many othercitiesof the !
same size? [" No."] He was satisfied this guard j
did not prevent fires. As to what the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] had said of the act \
of August, 1842, being a Democratic measure, the !
gentleman should remember that it was an act
passed by a Whig Congress, for the protection of ,
a President elected by the Whig party. s
Some explanations were made by Mr. VIN-
TON, Mr. FICKLIN, and Mr. HOUSTON, of
Delaware.
Mr. GOTT submitted a proviso, which he de-
sired to offer as an amendment, to provide for the
repeal of the act of August, 1842.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sawyer's
motion to strike out, and it was not agreed to, the j
vote being 61 in the affirmative, and 64 in the neg- j
ative. I
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, from the Com- |
mittee on Public Buildings, moved an amendment, J
*lproviding for repairs in and about the Capitol, ;
4 for fencing the public grounds adjacent to the
* Capitol square, for repairs of culvert on Pennsyl-
* vania avenue,'' &c.
Mr. T. B. KING moved to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting an item of $1,000 for watering
Pennsylvania avenue, and thus getting rid of this
everlasting dust, which was so injurious to the
health of members. Carried: Ayes 65, noes 50. !
The amendment as amended was then carried: :
Ayes 75, noes 43. !
Mr. HOUSTON moved a further amendment, '
*i to pay for the removal of the mast and lantern i
4 above the dome of the Capitol, and for laying gas '
4 pipes and the erection of posts in and about the :
* Capitol grounds." I
He stated in explanation, that if these prepara- '
tions should be made, the gas company were pre-
pared to make an offer for lighting the grounds
with gas. They wished only enough to cover the
naked cost of those fixtures. Their profit would
be derived from supplying the gas.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reduce the appropria-
tion.
Mr. S. remarked with some severity on the sys-
tem for applying these appropriations to the public
buildings and grounds. Congress employed men
who knew no moie about it than did the old sea
captains they put into the Bureau of Construction
about building a ship. Last year this great mast
had been set up, and holes dug through the walls
of the Capitol to admit the gas. Now they were
told that the mast endangered the dome, and these
holes endangered the walls. One year things were
put up, and the next year they were torn down.
He thought there had been light enough on the
avenue and around the Capitol, and if gentlemen
wanted more, let them take it out of their own
pockets. If things went on much longer in this
way, Congress would be appropriating soon to
furnish members with carriages to ride in, and
supplying each member with a big negro to fan
him. One thing he rejoiced at: they should get
the yeas and nays on all these matters.
He could not guess what wild schemes the gen-
man from Delaware might have in his head next
year; he supposed all these lamp fixtures would
have to be taken down. That was the general
course of things.
Mr. HOUSTON said the mast had been erected
on the dome without any recommendation from
him or the Building Committee: it was a resolu-
tion devised and introduced by a gentleman in the
Senate, and sent down and hastily passed through
the House at the heel of the session.
The question being put on Mr. Sawyer's amend-
ment, it was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Houston was divided,
and the question being put on so much of it as
provided to pay for the taking down of the mast,
it was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the residue of
the amendment, providing for lighting the Capitol
grounds—
Mr. HENLEY advocated the amendment on the
ground that gas-light was both better and cheaper
than that of oil. He could not agree with the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sawyer,] who seemed op-
posed to all improvements on the Capitol grounds
and other public property, even to enclosing it
with a fence. He was for jetting in the cows and
horses to graze upon it; but Mr. H. was for im-
proving the grounds, and enclosing and lighting
them.
Mr. FARAN also advocated the amendment. ,
! These lamps were wanting, not for the benefit of
I the city, but of the Capitol. The gas-pipes and ■
lamp-posts, once fixed, would be permanent. The i
avenue between the Capitol and the President's
House had always been lighted at the expense of
the Government, and Government would save
money by lighting it with gas.
The amendment was agreed to: Ayes 85, noes
not counted,
Mr. HOUSTON moved an amendment for lay-
ing gas-pipes and for the erection of posts along
Pennsylvania avenue, from the Capitol to the
Treasury building, and for lighting the avenue,
$ •
Mr. H. explained the grounds of the amend-
ment. The amendment introduced no innovation:
the avenue had always been lighted by Congress.
It only proposed the substitution of gas for oil,
which in the end would be promotive of economy.
Carried.
Mr. HOUSTON moved the following: For lay-
ing gas-pipes from the Treasury Building to the I
President's Mansion, and for putting up the same '
in the President's House, § . :
Mr. H. said, that hitherto it had cost the Ex-
ecutive from $1,600 to £2,000 every year to light
| the palace; and this was paid out of his own pock- ,
! et. No President would think of laying these ;
pipes; but after they were once fixed, it would be |
a saving to the President, as gas would cost him :
much less than oil. Carried: Yeas 59, nays 56.
Mr. HUNT moved an amendment, providing ;
for the building of several revenue cutters, to be j
stationed at several of the ports on the seaboard ;
and on the lakes, $89,000. j
1 i Mr. COBB rose to a question of order, and called I
!; for the reading of the eighty-first rule; which was ;
1j read. He contended that this amendment was ;
!; not in order, not being for a work previously au- ,
thorized by law. At the last session, Congress ;
j' had guarded against such an amendment, by pass- ,
I ing a law forbidding more cutters to be built until
t there was a regular appropriation for them. Presi-
j dentTyler had vetoed the bill, and the Houses ear-
;; ried it against him by two-thirds.
j| Mr. HUNT insisted that there was a law au-
II thonzing the building of revenue cutters, which
!j took this casetmt of the rule. They had always
j! been built without any specific appiopriation for
ji them until the passage of the law m question,
i; That law required the previous appropriation, but
'■ the law authorizing the building of such vessels
[\ remained still in force.
; t The law was produced and read, when the Chair
II ruled the amendment out of order.
\ Mr. HUNT took an appeal, but the Chair was
sustained: Ayes 64, noes f>9.
Mr, HUNT moved an item of $800 for certain
repairs at the Lazaretto at Philadelphia, which"
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved an amendment to pay-
arrearages due for lighting the Capitol with solar
gas.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, raised a question of
order.
Mr. GENTRY thought this Mr. Crutchethad
humbugged the House with his mast and lanterns
quite enough without this.
Mr. HOUSTON explained and defended the
amendment, but after a desultory discussion it was
rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved an amendment provi-
ding for the enclosure of the mall, between Seventh
street west and the river, and for the planting of
trees, $3,628.
Mr. S. explained the necessity of this expendi-
ture, and advocated a liberal policy on the part of
Congress toward the city, which had no other ad-
vantages than the presence of the seat of Govern-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to: Yeas 70, nays
48.
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON moved for the appointment of a
committee of conference on the part of the House
to confer with a similar committee on the part of
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee
was ordered to consist of three members.
Mr. DANIEL asked leave to offer a resolution
calling upon the Secretary of War for information
and correspondence in relation to the dismissal of
two young officers of the North Carolina regiment
in Mexico.
A few animated remarks were made by Messrs.
DANIEL, DONNELL, and OUTLAW, m re-
gard to the reception and modification of the reso-
lution; after which—
Mr. DICKEY rose and objected to the reception
of the resolution.
Mr. NICOLL, by leave, presented a petition of
citizens of New York city, in relation to a post
route from Philadelphia to New York; which was
referred to the Committtee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and refeired :
By Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL: A memorial, numerously
signed bv merchants, trader, arid others, of the cit\ of Phil-
adelphia*, complaining of delays m the tianspoi ration of the
soufhtin mail.
By Mr JENKINS: The petition of Samuel Column for
a contiactto prepate and publish an index to CongiCs-sioiuil
documents.
B> iMr. KING, of Georgia: Tlir- momoiiul of Isaac Gar-
rason.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 13, 1848.
Mr. LEWIS presented the credentials of Wil-
liam R. King, appointed by the Governor of Ala-
bama to supply the vacancy occasioncd 'by the
resignation of Mr. Bagby.
Mr. King appeared, was qualified, and took his
seat.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
credentials of James A. Pearce, elected a Senator
from the State of Maryland for six years, com-
mencing on the 4th of'March next; which were
read and laid on the table.
1 Mr. DiX presented a petition from the Piison
Association of New Yoik, asking a modification
of the law regulating fines in the courts of the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
■ tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of mer-
i chants and other citizens of New York, in relation
to the delay in the transmission of the southern
mail, arid stating that it involves an. immense
amount of business, and is a question of credits
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
1 Mr. DOWNS, Oil leave, introduced a bill to
i facilitate the entry of preemption claims; which
j was read twice and referred to the Committee on
! private Land Claims.
