1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
posed In suspend its operation to the 4th day of
March, 1849. The bill, as thus amended by the
Senate, was referred to the Committee oil Military
Affairs, arid the committee, believing that it was
not the purpose of the House or of the other branch
•of Congress that these distinguished men, who
iiave selected arms as their profession, and have
rendered gallant services to their country, should
-at the end of the war, in their old age, be dismissed
from the set-vice, insisted on the repeal of the act
of 3846. So much for the first amendment.
In regard to the second point, it would be found
that the committee proposed to add a section. He
would explain its provisions. By the act of the
Ilth of February, 1847, which authorized the
raising of an additional military force consisting
nf ten regiments, it was provided that the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice
-and consent of the Senate, should appoint one ad-
ditional major to each of the regiments of dragoons,
-artillery, infantry, and riflemen in the army of the
■United States, to be-taken fiom the captains of the
-old army. Under that law, majois were appointed
who were necessarily taken from the captains of
the old army of the United States, embracing some
■of the most valuable officers in the service. Mr.
£>. went on to say that it was the object of the
•committee to retain these majors in the service; j
but if the law was neither suspended nor repealed, i
they must all be legislated out of office. It was j
incredible that it was the intention of Congress to I
legislate these meritorious men out of their com-
missions. Some of them had received commis-
sions for their advanced rank without a knowledge
of their appointment, or even of the existence of
-the law by which they had become majors. Their
first knowledge of it was the actual reception of
their new commissions. AVhen these were re-
. -ceived, they had, as honorable men, no other alter-
native but to accept, or to submit to be commanded
by their juniors. The honorable feeling which
animated all brave men in command forbade this;
and certainly there could be no more grievous op-
pression than for the House by law to direct the
President to create a certain number of majors in
the new corps from the old captains of the army,
and when he had done so, and these men had ac-
cepted their new position, then to legislate them
out of the service. The object of the bill was to
prevent this.
Mr. B. here read a list of those sixteen majors
who were thus in danger of being turned out of the
•service. He stated that he had had a conversa-
tion with the Adjutant General, with the Secretary
■of War, and with General Scott, all of whom as-
sured him that they were among the most valuable
officers in the service.
Mr. B. then proceeded to state that the commit-
tee concurred with the amendments of the Senate
in regard to the third section of the bill. They
were"opposed to the discharge of the quartermas-
Sers and other subalterns there mentioned, believ-
ing that their services could not be dispensed with
•even on a peace establishment. They would be
required in consequence of the cordon of posts that
must be established to protect our enlarged fron-
tier. These persons all belonged to the old army,
«nd had performed valuable service in the war.
As to the fourth section, Mr. B. had had some
perplexity. Four or five officers of the old army
had been put over new regiments, and had re-
ceived new rank and emoluments. After a good
deal of doubt and difficulty he had at length come
to the conclusion that they ought to be restored to
their original position.
The last section allowed three months' extra
pay to those soldiers who had honorably served
out their term. The Military Committee were m
favor of this, with one proviso, viz: that those
should be excepted who were absent on leave at
the declaration of pcace.
In reply to an inquiry from Mr. Cobb, of Geor-
gia, Mr. B. made some further explanations as to
the ground of this proviso.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL explained that the
purpose was to retain the promoted majors perma-
nently, and not merely till the 4th of March.
Mr. BOTTS said he was willing and anxious
himself to retain every officer of the old army; but
the Military Committee preferred confining it to
these majors.
Mr. BOYD opposed the whole bill, with the
exception of the last clause granting extra pay.
When our war with Mexico began, (said he,)
j we had attached to the military establishment of
] the country one major general and two brigadier
i generals. For war purposes we passed a law
doubling their number, taking care, however, in
the mean time, to add a proviso making it the duty
of the President, at the close of the war, to reduce
the number of those generals to what it was at the
beginning of the war. Some weeks ago this
House passed a bill to repeal the proviso referred
to, the effect of which would be to retain all those
generals in office, the fact that the public necessity
no longer required their services to the contrary
notwithstanding. The Senate adopted an amend-
ment to the bill providing, not that the law shall
not now be repealed, but that the President's action
in relation to those generals under it shall be post-
poned until the 4th of March next. The Military
Committee of this House recommended the rejec-
tion of the Senate's amendment, and insisted upon 1
the unconditional repeal of the proviso, so that all
those generals should remain in office during their
lives. Thus stood the first section of the bill.
The Senate added two other sections.
For war purposes, as in the case of the generals,
and for war purposes alone, Congress authorized
one major to be added to each regiment of the old
army, but providing at the same time, by the most
unequivocal enactment, that they should go out of
office at the close of the war, and the same pro-
vision applied to each of the officers enumerated in
the Senate's amendment.
Mr. B. need notsay to those who were acquainted
with his course here that he was utterly opposed
to retaining public servants when there was no
more work for them to perform, but simply for
their own benefit. With him this was a cardinal
piincipal of action.
Mr. B. was opposed, not only to retaining the
general officers who had been added for the war,
but also those majors who had been promoted.
There were fifteen majors, two surgeons, twelve
assistant surgeons, four quartermasters, and ten
] assistant quartermasters, four assistant adjutant
' generals, two deputy paymasters, ten paymasters,
j and eight musicians, making in all sixty-seven
I officers, and add these three generals, and there
! would be seventy officers to be continued,and who
| had, in reality, not a particle of duty to perform.
; The bill was an important one, and he trusted
i it would receive the serious consideration of the
House. He could not believe the House would
consent to legislate for individuals without regard
to the public service they were to perform. He
was opposed to any postponement of the action
of the President in dismissing these generals and
other officers, in conformity with the existing law;
he could not believe that any gentleman here would
consider it necessary; these officers had not been
necessary before the war, and they could not be
necessary now the war was over. Gentlemen were
for continuing officers without men; they were
providing places for individuals. He was utterly
' opposed to the whole proceeding.
Would gentlemen avow that they were in favor
of increasing our standing army? At the close of
the war we should have an entire regiment more
than we had before its commencement. Before the
war we had foity-two men in acompany; they had
been increased to sixty-four, and it was recom-
mended to raise them to one hundred. It was said
we should need more officers, because our frontier
I was to be increased; but gentlemen forgot how
many more privates we should have.
Mr. B. here went into a detailed exhibit of the
present force of the army: the result of the whole
was, that we should have 12,779, exclusive of
thirty-five officers of topographical engineers. We
had now 958 officers in all, to which, as he had
before shown, it was proposed to add seventy more
to be retained in office. He was dead against the
whole concern. He would not add a man or an
officer to what the army had been before the war.
If 5,000 men had been sufficient to achieve the
victory of Buena Vista, in the name of Heaven
were not 12,750 men sufficient to keep the peace?
He should vote against the whole bill excepting
the last clause, and that needed to be amended.
He was willing and anxious to give something to
the soldiers; as it was, the officers got most of the
pay and all the glory.
Mr. BURT desired to say but a few words, in
reply to the remarks of the "gentleman from Ken-
tucky, upon the first section of thisbill. He should
confine the remarks he proposed to make to the
first section, and to such considerations connected
with it as were made pertinent by the observations
of that gentleman. He [Mr. Boyr>] had chosen
to assume that the object of this bill, and of the
Committee on Military Affairs, was to create offi-
ces for individuals. To be sure, he had modified
the charge by saying that at least was his opinion.
Now, if that really was the opinion of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, (and he should not doubt-the
gentleman's sincerity,) he was perfectly right in
voting against this bill; and he trussed no member
of this House would so stultify himself as to vote
for the bill, if he believed the object of it to be that
which the gentleman from Kentucky said it was.
What was the fact? According to the showing of
that gentleman, we would have, under existing
laws, an army of twelve thousand men. If they
took the suggestion by way of recommendation of
the President, we would have an army of more
than seventeen thousand men. He wished to ask
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, whose
researches as a member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs he presumed had given him some in-
formation on this subject of the organization of our
army, what number of general officers should be
provided for an army of seventeen thousand men ?
Mr. BOYD said we had had but one major gen-
eral before the war, and another by brevet; and
that the same condition of things would, as far as
officers were concerned, be adopted, and would
exist at the close of the war, if the law/was not
changed.
Mr. BURT repeated that such was the sugges-
tion of the President: that the army be increased
to more than seventeen thousand men. He under-
stood his friend from Kentucky to be content with
an army of a little moie than twelve thousand men.
He begged to know of that gentleman if anybody
ever did suppose that an army of twelve thousand
men should be commanded by one major general.
He begged to know if, in the organization of any
' army on the face of the earth, it had ever been
known that there should be but one major general
for twelve thousand men?
Mr. BOYD would respond by inquiring whether
the army, before the commencement of the war,
consisting of eight thousand or ten thousand men,
a3 the case might be, had had more than one major
general?
Mr. BURT. Was not General Gaines a major
general by brevet ?
Mr. BOYD. By brevet.
Mr. BURT. Was he not receiving the pay and
emoluments and holding the rank of a major gen-
eral '
Mr. BOYD replied, while he was actually per-
forming the duties of inajorgeiieral perhapshe was
receiving his salary.
Mr. BUR.T believed the number of the army
before the war with Mexico did not exceed 7,000
men, and we had two major generals and several
brigadier generals. To be sure, ihey did not all
hold the commission of brigadier and major gen-
erals, but some of them held the rank by brevet;
and why were those officers brevetted which Con-
gress had refused for the army by not authorizing
the appointment of officers of that grade? He un-
dertook to say that ill no country, of whose mili-
taiy history we had any information whatevei,
was there an army to be found with less than one
major general to every 4,000, and one brigadier
generaFfor every 2,000 men. That was the prin-
ciple of the organization of the army in every
country; it had been so in this. The gentleman
insisted that this bill was to create a place for indi-
viduals, and to create officers without men. Now,
he trusted the gentleman saw that his statement
had been inconsiderately made, without reference
to facts which were to be found in our own his-
tory, and which neither he nor any one else would
for a moment endeavor to controvert. He trusted
(hat the gentleman would see—he should see, at.
least—that this House was not^ to be frightened
from its propriety by denunciations and declara-
tions of that kind.
But the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
1 should remember that we were now making a mili-
' tary peace establishment; and he asked that gen-
tleman if, upon referring to the history of our own
country, it would not be found that every military
peace establishment had been composed of an im-
' mense disproportion of officers to the rank and file of
I the army? And he asked the gentleman further, if
j kis own good sense, which he knew the gentleman
