934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
possessed so much of, did not teach him that a
man was profoundly ignorant of the principles on
which a military peace establishment should be
made who did not see that there must necessarily
be a gre^t disproportion of officers to the rank and
file? It was the object, in a military peace estab-
lishment, to preserve the skeleton of an army,
such as might be filled out without impairing the
efficiency of the force. It could only be done by
having; the requisite complement of officers, what-
ever might be the number of the rank and file. If
it was desired to increase the army, it was not to
be done by the addition of new corps, but simply
by filling up the rank and file, and having them
under the command of experienced officers. He
would ask, to what was the country indebted for
that glorious victory of Buena Vista? It was to
the officers, those who directed the energy and the
bravery of the troops. Suppose "our army there
had been under the command of our militia and
volunteer officers, unaided by these regular officers,
did any man doubt that a most inglorious defeat
of our arms must have been the result of that day?
Mr. BOYD thought the volunteers did their full
part—officers and men.
Mr. BURT cheerfully admitted this, and gave
full credit to the volunteers for theii indomitable
courage and gallantry; but who selected their field
of battle ? That was the great merit of the field of
Buena Vista ? He asked who selected the field
on which that great battle was to be fought?
Mr. RICHARDSON said, the question of the
selection of the field of Buena Vista was one that
had been much discussed in the public press since
the time the battle was fought. The friends of one
of the officers of the regular army, General Wool,
had claimed that he selected that field. He could
state, for the information of the gentleman and the
House, the facts as they occurred, so far as he
knew them and believed them to be material, and
gentlemen could draw their own inferences. In
January, before that battle was fought, the regi-
ment to which he belonged was placed in advance
of all others. Colonel Hardin sent forward to the
pass, where the battle was subsequently fought, a
battalion, under Major Warren, of the same regi-
ment, and placed it at the pass, which lormed the
key of the position, intending to advance his regi-
ment to that point in the event of a battle. These
were the fir3t of our troops that occupicd that
place.
Early in February, General Taylor assumed the
command, and advancer) the whole of the troops,
except a garrison for Saltillo, to Agua Nueva. Oil
the morning of the 21st February—as he (Mr. R.)
understood, for the purpose of being near our sup-
plies, which were at Saltillo—the army retired to-
wards Saltillo, leaving two regiments—the Arkan-
sas and the Kentucky cavalry—at Agua Nueva.
At Encantada, eight or ten miles from Agua Nueva,
Colonel McICee's regiment halted. Three miles
from that point, at the pass, where Warren's bat-
talion had been stationed, Colonel Hardin obtained
leave to halt his regiment. During that night the
legiment that had been left at Encantada and Agua
Nueva retired from their positions and fell back to
General Wool's position, two miles in the rear of
Colonel Hardin, leaving him at the advance po-
sition, where the battle was fought. During the !
night of the 21st and the morning of the 22d, the
first Illinois regiment, under Colonel Hardin, forti-
fied that position. It was the point to be first as-
sailed, the point from which the enemy were first
driven—a point in which we lost not a single man.
In the contest between Colonel Hardin, or the
friends of Colonel Hardin, and General Wool, he
had no hesitation in saying that that position was
selected and fortified by Colonel Hardin. On the
morning of the 22d of February, before either of
the general officers came upon the field, Colonel
Hardin, after passing over the entire ground, re-
turned and said to General Wool, in his (Mr. R.'s)
presence, that it was necessary that a position at
the foot of the mountain on the left should be for-
tified. Officers were sent out to view that portion
of the ground; they returned, and, as he under-
stood, reported that the ravines were impassable
for cannon; that the enemy never could do our
troops great injury there, unless they could bring
their artillery with them. The battle commenced
on the 22d; on the morning of the 23d, at the very
position where Colonel Hardin insisted that troops
should be sent and posted, the enemy turned our
flank, and we received great damage. It was due
that he should state that the selection and fortifica-
tion of a field was done by officers whose particu-
lar duty it was. The means by which the enemy
advanced their artillery was by throwing the heavy
timbers, which they brought along for the purpose
of mounting their cannon, across these ravines—a
fact which could not have been anticipated by those
officers who reconnoitered the field. There was
no timber in the neighborhood, no trees of any sort,
by which, unless they had brought their timbers,
they could have sent their artillery across the
ravines.
While he was on the floor he desired to refer to
another matter, in which injustice had been done
to the memory of one who was no more. After the
death of Colonel Hardin, it had been said that the
last charge of the battle of Buena Vista was the re-
sult of a conference between Colonel Hardin and
Colonel Clay; that Colonel McKee opposed the
move. This was'incorrect. By reference to the offi-
cial report of Colonel Weatherford, it would be
seen that Colonel Hardin was ordered to make the
charge by Captain Chilton, one of the aids. That
order was given in his (Mr. R.'s) presence, as
also m the presence of Captain Robertson, Lieu-
tenants Myers, Erwin, and Wallace, and others.
In compliance with that order. Colonel Hardin
advanced the -battalion some distance, where he
engaged an enemy that till then had been unob-
served by him, concealed in one of the ravines.
After fighting for some minutes. Colonel Bissell
came up with his regiment and formed upon his
right. Subsequently, Colonel McKee formed, or
partly so, upon Bissell's right. Our forces were
overpowered by immensenumbers,ourlinesforced,
and the nation mourns the loss of that desperate
conflict. He made that statement m justice to the
memory of the lamented Colonel Hardin. j
Mr. BURT continued. Those who knew him 1
knew he was utterly incapable of doing injustice [
to the gallantry and valor of the lamented dead. j
He knew too much of the history of this Mexican !
war; he should forget he was a South Carolinian, !
that his own State had a regiment in that war, be- i
fore he could do injustice to any of our brave vol- j
unteers. But he would ask if the valor of our j
volunteers would not have been fruitless without '
this corps of officers to direct it? He said that the
corps of staff officers who, as the gentleman from
I Illinois had said, reconnoitered and selected the
i ground of Buena Vista—that corps whom thegen-
i tlcman from Kentueky seemed to regard as offi-
cers without men—yes, that corps of engineers
had earned as high a title to the glories of that war
as any corps that was in it. There were men in
that corps who, upon his conscience, he believed
deserved infinitely higher glories than those men
who had won high office in the line.
Mr. BOYD disavowed totally any intention to
derogate from the engineer corps. He had only
enumerated the number of officers in that corps as
forming a part of the grand total of the officers of
the army.
Mr. BURT was very glad to hear that the gen-
tleman did not intend to convey the full meaning
that Zachary Taylor was made a major genera!
without his knowledge or consent. After those
splendid battles of the Rio Grande, the universal
voice of the American people demanded that he
should be a major general. He well knew, as did
his friend from Kentucky, that that office was
tendered to General Taylor by the President, in
obedience to the will of nis countrymen, and sent
to General Taylor without his knowledge or with-
out his asking for it. He had never heard that
General Taylor had asked foran office of any kind.
He asked that gentleman if he was willing that
Zachary Taylor, who was promoted to be a major
general under these circumstances, should be dis-
missed at the close of the war as a supernumerary,
as an incumbrance on the army of the United
States? It must fall on him if this law was not
passed in some form. He said to this House, if
the President did his duty, if he did not an act of
inexpressible meanness, he would dismiss Generals
Twiggs and Kearny. Generals Gaines and Wool
were their seniors, and he said the President dare
not dismiss Generals Gaines and Wool; hence
Generals Twiggs and Kearny must go out under
the law as it now stood; and he asked gentlemen
if they were prepared for that? Had they done
nothing in Mexico to deserve better of their coun-
try than that? He trusted that the first section of
this bill would not be defeated in this way.
Mr. HASKELL said, that independently of
considerations of public interest, he felt it to be a
duty on his part to a number of the officers whose
heads would fall unless this bill was passed—a:
duty growing out of the fact that he had shared
the privations of the camp and the penis of the
field with some of them—to make known to this
House, more particularly than all of them perhaps
now knew, who were the individuals who would
fall unless saved by the passage of this bill. He.
spoke now particularly of the majors. With
reference to Nathan Boon, he had not the pleasure •
to know him, and he could not speak of him par-
ticularly. Next on the list was Major Philip St.
George Cooke—a name familiar to this House as
having been identified with the operations of our
army in California. Passing over the name of
Major Crittenden, an officer"distinguished in the
j battles on Scott's line, he came to Major Thomas
I Childs, an officer who had served with marked
1 distinction in every campaign upon which he had
! been ordered. He had been three times brevetted,
i and recently brevetted brigadier general for dis-
'! tinguished services in Mexico; he was the same
; I officer who had defended Puebla during the long
' j and arduous siege of that place, and who protected
'! the rear of General Scott's army. Passing by the
name of Major Porter, of whom he could not par-
ticularly speak, next on the list he noticed the
name of Major E. S. Hawkins, the officer who,
after the heroic Brown had fallen in defence of
Fort Brown, opposite Matamoros, assumed the
command, being the oldest officer, and continued
to defend that "post until the arrival of General
Taylor from the fields of Palo Alto and Resaca;
the same officer who, when summoned to surren-
of the language he had used in talking about offi- der by Ampudia, on the opposite hank, sent back
cers and men. It did happen that some of these
corps consisted of officers entirely.
But to return to the point from which he had \
been led by the remarks of the gentleman from II- |
linois. The gentleman from Kentucky had pro- 1
posed that we should have an army of 12,000 men. ,
He (Mr. B.) said that an army of that number had |
always been commanded by two major generals. '
At the close of the war of 1812, the peace estab-
lishment was fixed at 10,000 men, and there were
authorized by the act of March, 1815, two major
generals and four brigadier generals to command
an army in time of peace of 10,000 men. Well,
our army of over 10,000 men would now be dis-
tributed not only through the United States, but in
Oregon, in California, and in JNew Mexico. We
had received into the territory of the United States
immense hordes of savage, warlike Indians, in
New Mexico and California, and lie asked any
gentleman who proposed to reduce this army, why
it was, if 10,000 troops were required in 1815, that
as large a number of troops as recommended by
the President were not necessary, and at least the
same number of general officers?
| Butthere was another viewof this subject which
he was not willing to admit, and of which he was
prepared to take his full share of the responsibility.
It was known to this Congress and to the country
. the cool answer that he did not understand Spanish.
' There were also Major Washington, whose bat-
i tery, with Major Bragg's, at Buena Vista, con-
i tributed so much to that achievement, whose glory
■ had shed lustre upon our arms, and added so much
! to our national reputation; Major Sewall, one of
! the defendeis of Fort Brown, who distinguished
himself by his activity and ^alor; George W.
j McCall, with whom he had the pleasure of a per-
I sonal acquaintance, distinguished upon the fields
! of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Pal ma, and with
; whose arduous duties, ably and creditably per-
formed, as an adjutant general, and upon the staff
' of Major Geneial Patterson, he was familiar;
. Major'Lee, an officer whom he did not personally
1 know, but with whose character he was well ac-
i quamted from the representations of those who had
I known him and had witnessed his gallant conduct
I in the field, and who spoke of him as one of the
| most meritorious and deserving of the officers of the
army; Dixon S. Miles, an officer who entered the
' field at the earliest stages of the campaign, and
' who, in advance of the army, took possession of
the city of Camargo, which subsequently became
the key upon General Taylor's line of operations,
and the depot of the Government stores.
Passing over Major Green, with whom lie had
i no acquaintance, lie proceeded to name Major
