1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
Bainbridge, who served in all the battles from
Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico. And last, but far
from least, there was the name of our old and val-
ued friend, Major Wait, formely of the 2d infan-
try, and now major of the 6th or 8th. In reference
to his particular case, he wished to say a word. It
had already been said by members of this House
that some of these officers had not only not asked for
promotion, but that they had received it without a
full knowledge of the circumstances under which
the promotion came. Major Wait received inform-
ation of his promotion on the eve of the battle of
Cerro Gordo; and then it was he first heard of the
passage of the act creating the additional majors.
Here, then, was Major Wait, who had served his
country as many years as he (Mr. H.) had been
born; who had devoted his life to his country, and
had now reached a period of life when he was unfit-
ted for any other than the profession of arm3;—here
was Major Wait, with a commission tendered to
him by the President of the United States by vir-
tue of powerdelegated to him by Congress, because
he was the oldest captain of the regiment, and
stood high in his profession;—here, he repeated,
was Major Wait in this position, standing in the
face of the enemy, without knowing the circum-
stances under which the law was passed; and
would it, he asked, consist with the honor and
pride of a soldier to refuse such a commission, and
suffer his junior to command'him on that field?
No; and he would appeal to the sense of justice of
Congress, if they were not behind the spirit which
animated the people, if these officers, after having
been legislated into commissions without their con-
sent,should be legislated out of the public service?
He proceeded, as was understood, to describe a
wound from a musket ball which Major Wait had
received, of which he was reminded by Major
Gaines, who sat near him, which passed round
into his groin, and from the consequences of which j
he never would recover; and he again asked the '
House, with what show of justice and propriety
they could legislate such a man out of the service'
Were they, after they had fought the battles of
the country, to be ostracized ? If so, they might
well exclaim, in the language of a commander
of ancient times, " a few more such victories and
we are ruined." Well might they say, "if we
fight a few more battles, and shed our blood on
foreign soil in defence of the flag of our country,
when we might naturally suppose that we should
receive the due meed of our services, we are re-
warded with unmerited dismissal!" This Con-
gress is engaged from day to day in passing laws
giving pensions to the families of those who have
fallen in battle, and with the very same breath
with which they ordered the treasury to pay those
rewards, m a spirit of false economy they were
ready to strike off the heads of those meritorious
officers, and turn them adrift, after they had spent
the best part of their lives in the service of their
country, and when they were unfitted for any other
than the profession of arms. It was indeed a
strange spectacle which they were presenting.
How different was the conduct of the people!
When our soldiers returned from this foreign war,
covered with laurels, they were welcomed with
drums and trumpets, and colors flying, and with
processions; they were greeted on returning home
with the plaudits of their admiring countrymen.
And the bodies of the dead who had fallen in bat-
tle were brought back and buried with the pomp
and circumstance of funeral procession, such as
was never seen in the palmiest days of ancient
Rome. To the dead and to the living manifesta-
tions of the feelings of the people were shown in
various modes; and yet here, when these old men
returned who had bled on nearly every battle-field
of Mexico, while the country was greeting the
brave men whom they commanded, the House of
Representatives was ready to greet them with the
guillotine, and to sever their heads from their
shoulders. He appealed to the sense of justice of
this House, and he again asked if they were not,
behind the spirit which animated the country? If
they should allow themselves to be influenced by
such a spirit of false economy, he was sure they
would not receive the plaudits of their constituents,
nor the greeting " well done, good and faithful
servant."
Mr. BOTTS rose to a question of order, and said
he hoped the Cluur would require gentlemen to
confine themselves to the amendment, which was
the question pending before the House.
Mr. HASKELL said, as he might have no
other opportunity, he desired to speak fully on
this subject at this time.
Mr. BOTTS said the reason why he made the
point of order was, that he was very anxious that
the bill should be passed.
Mr. HASKELL said, if the House would take
the question, he would yield the floor, and not say
another word, except it was to move the previous
question.
condition of the country at the close of the war of
1812, when we had hut eleven millions of people.
In 1815, when a peace establishment was arranged,
and when our army was reduced to ten thousand,
there were two major generals, besides four briga-
dier generals, retained*in the service. In order
that it might be impressed upon the House, he
begged leave to read a section from the law of the
3d March, 1815, being the law to which he re-
ferred. That was the course pursued in 1815; and
mg reduction of men, as the peace establishment
of the country. Now, in no view of the case that
he was able to take of it, could he see any reason
why this law should be permitted to be retained.
On the contrary, he saw much to satisfy him that
it ought to be repealed, and these officers kept in
the service of the United States. This was due in
justice to those officers; it was due to the people
of these United States; and it was due to them-
selves here assembled in Congress, as the repre-
sentatives of the people. Though we may but
retain a skeleton army in time of peace, each of the
two divisions should have a major general.
He then alluded to the other portions of the bill;
by one section of which he believed there were
fifteen majors that \fould be affected, who had been
elevated from captaincies to the stations they now
occupy. It was not from private life that they had
been selected, but from the old army; and this fur-
nished the very best endorsement oi their worth,
their gallantry, and their capacity. And would
... , •• '  ! Should
Mr. BOTTS explained. He did not wish to cut i( yet, in 1848, with agreatly extended territory, and
off the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee; jj with Indian tribes in a hostile position in Oregon
but he had made the point of order then, because 11 and elsewhere on our borders, it was seriously con-
he preferred to make it on a friend to the bill ,, templated to reduce our major generals to one, and
rather than on one who was opposed to it. |; our brigadier generals to two, with a correspond-
Mr. SCHENClt intimated his desire to offer an 1 : — ~~ "  
amendment to the amendment of the Senate.
Some conversation ensued, in which several gen-
tlemen took part, in relation to the effect of the
previous question, which was terminated with an
understanding that the discussion should proceed.
Mr. HARALSON appealed to the House not
to sustain the previous question, and he should
object to the question of order of the gentleman
from Virginia, since there had been so much dis-
cussion, until he had said what he desired to say.
The first section of this bill provides for the
retention of one major general and two brigadier i
generals now in the' service. It repeals that sec- j
tion of law which provides that one of the major j
generals and two of the brigadier geneials shall be j
dismissed at the end of the war. Having been |
opposed to that section two years ago, there was ]
good reason why he should be anxious to have it :
repealed now. It had been said that some of these >
appointments had been made, not only without;
being sought, but without the '
upon whqm they were confer
j hended this would be found true in resaru m i ucuua   — r-.-  • , , ,
eral Taylor, and he knew it would as to General 1 pnving them oi tne profession which they hau
I Twiggs, one of the brigadier generals who was to • selected, and to which their best energies had been
I be affected by this law. These appointments weie 1 devoted ? „, ■■■ • ,t j
i made shortly after the battles of the 8th and 9th of [ Mr. THOMPSONS, of Mississippi, called the
' Mav 1846 when the whole country was anxious i attention of the gentleman from Georgia to ttietact,
j to do'honor to those men. Those appointments, i| that bythe fourth section, provision was made
I then, he repeated, were conferred on them without j| whereby these majors would be restored to their
their knowledge, in view of their distinguished j| former regiments and rank as supernumerary offi-
services on those occasions. General Taylor was j) cers until vacancies should occur, to which they
elevated to the rank of major general, and placed ,1 should succeed in virtue of their former commis-
side bv side with General Scott, giving place to : sion.
him only on account of the date ofhis commission. ,| Mr. HARALSOIN intended1 to come ^ ln
General Scott, too, partook largely in the recent Jj regular order. It was not a section, howeiei, ot
war; he was present in command at many a hard j j which he approved. _  
fouo-ht battle; and could this House, in view of the jj He went on to explain his views more at lc ^ .
; distinction which these two generals had received (I but the debate descended to a Mn'e™H0!JLa
1 with the people, continue that law which would jj variety of b«^vre®n ^ Rrftrr Mr'
ess itetisuvssts % |i —i -
select between them would be an extremely deli- ;
cate act; and, therefore, Congress should repeal !
the law, and these two generals should be left in 1
the public service. He repeated that the task of,
selecting between them would be a very delicate
one for the President to perform, and it could not
  Mr. BOTTS, which was
conducted in a conversational tone which did not
reach the reporter's ear.
Mr. McCLERNAND next obtained the floor,
but he gave way to—
Mr. BOTTS, who expressed a wish to bring tins
rambling debate to a close As a means of doing
that, he suggested that the House should disagree
to the Senate's amendment, and then that they
should ask for a committee of conference, and
thus the bill could be put in a shape in which it
would pass. . ,, „
Mr. McCLERNAND then proceeded to address
the House. He said, the question was miscon-
be performed with satisfaction to the people of the
United States. He hoped there would be no dis- !
tinction made between them on their return from
the battle-fields of Mexico, and that neitherofthem J
would be discharged from the service of the United i
States. Why, these officers had been in the pub- j
I .....!: gg
! brigadier* generals, some of whom were in the set- '; War broke out; an increase ot the
! vice during the war of 1812—1815. One of those ' to meet the exigencies of wan these exibencies
|i brigadier generals, to whom he particularly allu- 1 had now passed away, and the army saou
J ded, was in the service at that period, and he had
I: never since been disconnected with the American
f' army. Arms were his profession, and he ought
!: not now to be driven into retirement. General
i| Gaines was another of those who were to be af-
i! fected by this law. He had spent a lifetime in the
II service of the country, and why should he now
! be put out of the service? He hoped, so far as it
!l would affect General Gaines, that no one here
1; would raise his voice for the continuance of that
i law. General Kearny was another officer who
had spent a life in the service of the country, and
11 won glory on the battle-field, and why should he
I; be discharged? He asked this House if it would
J discharge any of these officers in the face of au-
i' thority which he was now about to read ?
i' He then called the attention of the House to the
reorganized to suit the condition of peace. It was
' proposed by the bill to retain such of the regular
officers as had been promoted to higher commis-
sions in the ten regiments, when it was pioposed
to discharge the rest of the officers of the ten regi-
ments who had been appointed from civil life.
1 Why this distinction between men of equal and
the same merit' The promoted ^
new regiments had notice of tne condition of then
promotions. Was it not unjust even to the reg-
ular officers who had not been promoted, to retain
supernumerary officer, of higher rank over their
• ll6Th(> question was not one merely of gratitude to
' individuals; it was emphatically a question of higu
!: state policy, and should be determined in a man-
ner consistent with thepubhemterests. He would
