936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
do justice to all, and for that purpose he desired
to see the law disbanding the army at the close of
the war suspended until the army could be reor-
ganized, and the claims and merits of every officer
considered, and full justice done to all.
He was opposed to large standing armies. The
events of the Mexican war had proved that the
best reliance of a free people was upon their own
valor and patriotism. Upon the breaking out of
the war, thousands of men had leaped from the
bosom of society, more than were needed, and
offered their services in the cause of their country.
They had fought nobly and successfully.
He called the attention of the Military Commit-
tee to the importance of providing for an efficient
militia system, whereby the militia of the States
might be periodically drilled and instructed in the
art of war, under the supervision of capable Fed-
eral officers. Such a system would dispense with
the expense of a standing force for any other pur-
pose than to garrison necessary forts, and to re-
press Indian hostilities upon our borders.
He was decidedly for the provision of the bill
which proposed three months' extra pay to the
soldiers—the men who had fought and bled in the
ranks.
Mr. McLANE denied that there was any de-
sign to continue our war establishment in time of
peace. Did the addition of two or three general
officers to our old army convert it into a war estab-
lishment5 What was intended was only a slight
change m the organization of a peace establish-
ment. He hoped the recommendation of the Ex-
ecutive would not be wholly disregarded. The
President recommended the increase of the old
at my to seventeen thousand men, by filling up the
companies to one hundred men each. The addi-
tion of Oregon, California, and New Mexico,
would require at least four regiments of troops,
and these would of themselves need one major
general and two biigadiers. He contended that
two major generals and four brigadiers would be
requisite for a peace establishment. Brevets were
but a shadow, and gave no command without an
express Executive order, which was always reluc-
tantly given. He hoped the House would be ac-
tuated by no narrow principle of mistaken econ-
omy in its action on this bill.
Mr. McL. reviewed the several sections of the
bill, commenting on each, and replying to inquiries
and objections urged by Messrs. McCLERN AND
and BOWLIN.
Mr. BOTTS said he had received an official com-
munication from the Adjutant General, and also
from the Surgeon General, on the subject of retain-
ing these officers, but would not read them now.
As it seemed impossible to foresee where this debate
would terminate, and as the previous question would
cut off several important amendments which the
Military Committee wished to propose, Mr. B.
would move that the House disagree to the Senate's
amendments and ask a conference. On this mo-
tion he called the previous question.
The CHAlRstatedthattheefFectof the previous
question would be to bring the House to a direct
vote,first, on theamendments of the Military Com-
mittee to the amendments of the Senate, and then
on concurring with the Senate's amendments. The
House could,ho wever,by unanimous consent,allow
new amendments of the Military Committee to be
received after the previous question had been sec-
onded. Those already reported could not be with-
drawn.
The previous question was seconded, put, and
carried, and the main question was divided, and
the question taken on each amendment. They
were both negatived: the first by a vote of ayes 36,
noes 102; the second by a vote of ayes 10, noes
173.
The question then recurring on the last amend-
ment, (which was the third section, allowing three
months' extra pay to the soldiers)—
Mr. BOTTS said he hoped, by common con-
sent, this would be rejected, m order that it might
be modified afterward.
Mr. HARALSON said the object desired was
to extend the provision so as to include the wives
and children also.
Mr. BOYD said he could not consent to vote
against it as it stood; and he demanded the yeas
and nays.
A word of conversation ensued between Mr.
McLANE and the SPEAKER.
Mr HARALSONinquiredif it was in the power
of the Committee of Conference to agree upon such
an amendment as he wished to introduce into the
bitl?
The SPEAKER replied that there was no limit
to the powers of a Committee of Conference.
Mr. BURT inquired whether, if the House con-
curred in the amendment of the Senate, this would
be a subject for the consideration of the Committee
of Conference ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. BCJRT desired, then,to say, that under this
amendment, this three months'pay would be given
to a very large number of troops of the regular
army of the United States who were at the recruit-
i ing depots of the United States, who never had
; been to Mexico, but who had enlisted for the term
! of the war; and unless the House prevented it, this
j body of the troops would receive this pay, while
| the widows and the children of those who had died
i in the war would be excluded from it. He suh-
| mitted, then, that this section should he sent to the
I Committee of Conference that it might be amended
] as manifest justice required.
| The question was taken on concurring with the
• Senate m the adoption of this section, and dis-
agreed to.
i Mr. BOTTS moved that a Committee of Confer-
i ence be appointed on the subject of the disagree-
. ing votes of tl\e two Houses. Agreed to.
| Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
I itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose to a privileged
I question, and moved to reconsider the vote by
i which the last amendment was non-concurred in.
. He had desired, before the previous question was
, adopted, to make the suggestion that this provis-
ion of three months' pay to all the officers and sol-
| diers who had been engaged in this war did not
I extend to the widow or children of the soldier or
I officer who had fallen in the battles of his country,
I or who had died by disease in the service. It gave
' to those who had enlisted, and who, for a dis-
' ability however temporary, had been discharged,
this three months' pay, while the widows and
' children of those who had fallen were deprived of
; it. A sain, it did not extend to the widows and
'i children of those who had been honorably dis-
i charged and since died, the benefits of this bounty.
, i He wished the vote reconsidered, and should move,
jj if he obtained the floor, an amendment to remedy
!} these defects.
!j Mr. BOTTS moved to lay the motion to recon-
; sider on the tabic.
J Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted: Yeas 64,
;{ nays 97.
So the House refused to lay on the table.
The question recurring on th'e motion to recon-
j, sider, was, after some conversation, taken, under
!: the operation of the previous question, moved by
i Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, and agreed to:
I Yeas 118, ways 58.
i So the vote was reconsidered by which the last
, amendment of the Senate was non-concurred in.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, then offered the fol-
j lowing amendment to the 3d section:
; And the legal heir* of such as have been killed in battle,
i or who have d'ed while m service, or. having been honor-
ably discharged,liave Mnce died.or niavhereafk-t die with-
out havine received the tlnce month-*' pav hereattr-r provi-
1 ded, first,"to the widows, second, to the children, and thud,
,, to the heirs gencially.
h Respecting this and other suggested amendments
, a conversation ensued, m which Messrs. JONES J
■; of Tennessee, BOYD, VINTON,BOTTS,STAN- j
TON, and others, took part. j
;! The amendment was agreed to; and, under the
,1 operation of the previous question, the section, as J
; amended, was concurred m: Yeas 146, nays 9.
p Several motions to reconsider votes taken, and
to lay the motions to leconsider on the table, were j
made and agreed to; and then the House ad- 1
I journed.
i IN SENATE.
|| Friday, July 14, 16'48.
j! Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and P<^t Roads, reported House bill to reg-
ulate the postage on newspapers, and for other
], purposes, with amendments; which was ordered
, i to be printed.
,j Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported the bill to establish a collection district in
the State of South Carolina, with amendments.
[The amendments strike out the collection district
in South Carolina, and substitute one at Essex,
Massachusetts.]
Mr. DIX moved to proceed to the consideration
of the bill, as amended, which mulion was agreed
to; and, after some remarks from Mr. BUTLER
against the amendments, they were adopted, and
the bill passed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported House bill for the relief of Joshua Bar-
ney, United States agent, without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, reported House
bill for the relief of Dr. Adolphus Wislizenus.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee of
Claims, repotted House bill for the relief of Joseph
E. Doxev, with an amendment.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported House bill for the relief of Chas.
Benns,'with amendments.
Mr. NILES submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the committee to audit and control the
contingent expenses of the Senate be instructed to inquire
whether the contract to report the proceedings and debates
of the Senate lias been faithfully executed, and whether the
s-ame has answered the purpose; and jf not, to report some
measure& to remedy the evil.
Mr. NILES said he was one of those who voted
against this contract. He did not exactly recollect
its terms, but he believed it required that the re-
ports of the debates should be laid on the tables of
Senators on the morning after they had taken
place. So far from this being done, they were
delayed for many days. Owing to these irregu-
larities, and the limited circulation which Senators
gave to the publication, the proceedings of this
body may be considered as substantially sup-
pressed. He observed in one of the daily papers
this morning, that while the report of the House
of Representatives occupied many columns, the
Senate matter was condensed into less than half a
column. Thus we have arrested the voluntary
arrangements which always gave our proceedings
to the world before this contract was made, and
have virtually suppressed our debates. He had
no fault to find with the accuracy of the reports.
They may be valuable for posterity. They will
afford materials for the antiquarian and the histo-
rian, but they are useless now. The session is
nearly gone, and nothing of our debates is known
to the country.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped the resolution would He
over.
Mr. FOOTE said a few words in defence of the
reporter, on whom no responsibility for the delay
ought to be cast. He was willing to furnish the
reports to any of the daily papers. The delays
which had taken place were attributable to Sena-
tors themselves, who were in the habit of with-
holding their speeches from publication until they
had revised and re-revised and corrected them.
This explanation he thought due to one of the
officers of the body who seemed to be implicated
in the charge of violation of contract by the reso-
lution of the Senator from Connecticut.
The resolution was then laid over under the
rule.
BRANCH MIZS-TS.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to establish a branch
mint in the city of New Yoifr.
Mr. DICKINSON explained briefly the reasons
which ought to influence the Senate to pass this
billv He adverted to the vast amount of commer-
cial business transacted in New York, and to the
quantity of foreign specie which flowed in every
day. To convert this foreign specie on the spot
into American com would be productive of the
greatest convenience to the mercantile interest.
Mr. BUTLER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting a clause for the establishment of a brunch
mint at Charleston, South Carolina.
Mr. BADGER was opposed to the legislation
by which branch mints had been multiplied, as
calculated to dtscouuuje the lecoioage of foreign
coin. He saw no good effect which had been pro-
duced by the act of Congics.s making foreign coin
receivable as currency, "it had resulted in no im-
piovement in the convenience of the country.
There was quite as much reason for the adoption
of the amendment as for the passage of the origi-
nal bill. The bill authorizes an outlay of $425,000.
This was meiely to begin with—$200,000 for
