942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Una, [Mr. McKay.] He quoted provisions here-
tofore inserted in the appropriation bills by the
Committee of Ways and Means when Mr. McKay
was its chairman, to show that he had copied the
precise language which had been heretofore used.
He followed precedents which the House had
recognized, and therefore he thought he had not
fallen into any great error in point of form. But
as to the objection that this appropriation was not
authorized by any law, he said he did not under-
stand it in that way. Whatever was done by
authority of law, or of resolution of either body of
Congress which created a debt against the United
States, it was proper to put it in the appropriation
bill; and it was idle to say that there must be a
public law to authorize that debt to be paid. If
that were so, if a regiment of men were called out,
or a custom-house built, it would be necessary,
after the act had been done, to pass a law authori-
zing the proper payments to be made. It was a
debt, and it was the duty of^the Committee of
Ways and Means to provide for the payment of
all debts. He would undertake to say, if there
must be a law to direct the payment for every spe-
cific thing, that this civil and diplomatic bill would
be cut down to a mere skeleton; there would not
be left one-twentieth part of what was now m it.
There was a resolution before him which autho-
rized the ^insertion of the item to pay the debt con-
tracted for these publications, and the committee
had but discharged its duty in doing so.
Mr. CROZIER had no doubt the gentleman
from Ohio could produce plenty of precedents, but
he contended that they were all wrong. He had
not, therefore, questioned but that precedents could
be found for such abuses. But he had another
motive for moving to strike out these items of
§25,000 for these worthless reports; and it was
that he had no doubt the House would take this j
matter in hand and get proper reports for half the I
amount. He was satisfied that $12,000 would get |
better reports than were now got for $25,000, ac- I
cording to the system practised by the Senate. I
Mr. VINTON. Whether they should do that !
or not, was another affair altogether. His impres- i
sion was, it had been a very good and valuable I
thing; and this Congressional Globe and Appen- |
dix would be a work of reference for every poll- j
tician, and the gentleman from Tennessee, he had j
no doubt, during the next contest, would be found
using it on the stump.
Mr. CROZIER. I can take the National Intel-
ligencer, from which these reports are taken. !
Mr. McKAY was in favor of the motion made !
by the gentleman from Tennessee. He thought J
there was no law to authorize this appropriation, i
it having no higher authority than a simple reso- i
lution authorizing the members of the House of
Representatives to subscribe for that work—a reso-
lution which expired with the Congress by which
it was passed, and was not binding on any subse-
quent Congress.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. Mc-
KAY, Mr. VINTON", and others, and the items
were modified by Mr. V. to correct an error there-
in.
Mr. BOWLIN said he had the honor of offer-
ing the resolution to which reference had been
made, under which this work was furnished to the
members of this House, and he begged therefore
permission to say a few words in relation to it.
The gentleman from Tennessee had stated that
there were no reporters here for the Congres-
sional Globe. In that the gentleman was greatly
mistaken. i
Mr. CROZIER explained. He had said if there i
were any here, he knew nothing of them. He had
not seen any, !
Mr. BOWLIN proceeded to say that there were !
reporters here for that work; that it was the best
everpublished in the United States; that the House ,
had contracted a debt for these reports, and it was :
bound in honor and justice to pay the debt it had I
contracted. " J
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, suggested an amend- i
ment to provide that nothing contained m this bill j
should authorize any future appropriations for the i
same purpose. He would, however, say, in regard I
to these items, that the members of this House \
have received the work thus far, and it was proper |
that it should be paid for. j
Mr. CROZIER said he would modify his amend- j
ment so as to provide that the resolution of the 1st j
March, 1846, under which these publications had 1
been furnished, be and the same is hereby re- \
pealed. 1
Mr. STEPHENS did not concur in the posi-
tions and arguments of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. He believed this to be a very valuable
publication; but if the gentleman from Tennes-
see could convince him that it cost more than
it was worth, he would go for a reduction. He
believed it to be a very desirable object to have
reports of the proceedings of Congress, and he did
not think the amount of money which they cost
could be better expended. The gentleman from
Tennessee had pronounced these reports to be
worthless; now, for one, he had been a very atten-
tive observer of these things, and he believed them
to be highly useful and valuable.
Mr. CROZIER said the gentleman from Geor- j
gia had misunderstood him. He wished the gen- j
tleman from Georgia to take his idea correctly. It !
was that these reports were taken from the Na- \
tionai Intelligencer and the Union of the last ses-
sion, and therefore that we were paying the pub-
lishers of this work for nought.
Mr. STEPHENS called the gentleman's atten-
tion to the Appendix, which contained speeches i
written out by the members, all of which the In- 1
telligencer and the Union did not profess to pub- 1
lish. 1
Mr. COBB begged permission of his colleague \
to say that the reporters for the National Intellt- !
gencer at this time were the reporters for the Con- j
gressional Globe. |
Mr. STEPHENS said he was coming to that. j
He had no doubt that the arrangement which was [
understood to exist between the editors of the i
Congressional Globe and of the National Intel- ]
ligencer enabled the publishers of this work to i
give very valuable information to the community.'!
He barely wished, therefore, for one, to say that ]
he did not agree with the gentleman from Tennes- j
see at all. j
The amendment was then rejected. j!
Mr. VINTON then moved an amendment ap- ;!
propriating $24,000 for the Documentary History,
now in the course of publication. Agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House con- 1
curred in the amendment of the Senate to the bill i
making appropriations for fortifications, &c. j
The House then adjourned. ,
having explained the situation of matters in rela 
tion to said sureties, called for the reading of a let-
ter from the Commissioner of the Land Office.
The bill was then considered in Committee of the
Whole and passed.
Mr. MASON hoped the Senate would indulge
him by taking up the bill from the House for the
relief of William T, Holland. His feelings had
been exceedingly touched by a letter received that
morning in relation to that claim. This young
gentleman had been sent by our consul at Rio to
give testimony in thecase of a slaver, and the court
at Richmond did not feel itself authorized to do
more than to allow the ordinary sum for attend-
ance as a witness. Mr. Holland had been de-
tained here waiting for Congress to provide him
with the usual mileage allowed, until his circum-
stances had become very much impaired.
After some inquiries from Mr. KING and Mr.
BADGER, the bill was taken up, read a third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill from the
House for the relief of Benjamin Ogle Tayloe;
which, after a brief discussion, was laid on the
table.
At a few minutes after 12 o'clock, the Senate
went into Executive session, and remained therein
until 5 p. m.; when the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
Washington, July 15, 184S.
Gentlemen: In the Congressional Globe of the 11th in-
stant, in the hurried report of M/. Clayton's remark-?, you
have made a great mistake in my reply to his question '* if
Geneial Cass would veto a bill lor internal improvements?"
I replied, that "it he would not, I would not vote for him."
The Senator of Delaware then'asked if I thought Geneial
Ca«s would veto a bill for the improvement of harbor-s and
rivers? I replied, I believed he would not; that the Dem-
ocratic party had always made a distinction between a gen-
era! system of internal improvements, byroads and canals,
by the General Government, as in Mr. Monroe's time, and
reasonable appropriations for harbors and rivers. Bills for
these purposes, 1 said, I believed General Cass would ap-
prove, if not extravagant; that he would not sanction a gen-
eral system, such as alluded to.
Will you please publish this in your next paper?
Very respectfully, >ours, S. BREE3E.
To the Editors of the Congressional Globe.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 15, 1848.
The bill to amend an act entitled " An act sup-
plemental to an act entitled 4 An act providing for
the prosecution of the existing war between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico,' " hav-
ing been returned from the House of Representa-
tives, with a report informingthe Senate that the
House had disagreed to the first two amendments
of the Senate to the bill, and had agreed to the last,
with an amendment, and that the House had ap-
pointed a committee of conference—
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate insisted upon
its amendments, and ordered a committee of con-
ference on its part, to be appointed by the Chair.
The CHAIR, appointed Messrs. Ben-ton, John-
son of Maryland, and Davis of Mississippi.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BUTLER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Barnwell district, South Carolina, for the
establishment of a mail route; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post !
Roads.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of Elias
H. Conway, for permission to change the entry of
a tract of land; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr, BUTLER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported the bill for changing the time of
holding the United States courts m the western
district of Virginia, with amendments.
Mr. DOWNS asked the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to compromise with the
sureties of Francis D. Newcombe, late surveyor
general of the State of Louisiana; which was
granted.
Mr. D. then asked the unanimous consent of
the Senate to have the ordinary forms dispensed
with so as to allow the bill to be passed. Mr. D. ,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 17, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. ADAMS moved to reconsider the vote by
! which the resolution of the Committee on Printing
; was adopted, requiring the Committee on Engra-
I ving to report the cause of the delay in furnishing
S the public printer the maps and plates for the Pat-
i ent Office reports and Lieutenants Emory's and
Abert's reports, and made some explanations
thereon; and, after some conversation between
Mr. A. and Mr. CONGER, the motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. ADAMS then moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. That Senate bill forthe repair of the dam in the
Ohio nv er, at Cumberland Island, be made the special order
ol the da\ next succeeding the general appropriation bills and
the bill to organize the Territory of Oregon, and that the
same be proceeded with from day to day until finally dis-
posed of.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. COCKE, by leave, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved. That the President of the United States be, and
he i^ hereby, requested to inform thi> House what amount
of public monejs* have been ics-peetiveiy paid to L"wi- Cass
and Zachaiy Ta\!or from the time of th^-u lir-t enttance mto
tit" public service to tin- tnm"—(ii--tm2tushm2 between reg-
uiai and exti a compensation , that he also state wha> amount
of extra compensation ha*, bten claimed by either : the item*
computing the same; when tiled, and when and' bv whom
allowed; if dwiliovmi, when and by whom, and the rea-
s-ons for sach disallowance ; and whether or not any items
so di-allowed were subsequently presented lor payment;
and, if allowed, when and by whom.
Mr. C. moved the previous question, which was
seconded; and, under the operation thereof, the
resolution was agreed to.
At a subsequent part of the day, Mr. HAMP-
TON, of New Jersey, moved to leconsider the
vote by which the above resolution was passed;
and—
On motion of Mr. H., the motion to reconsider
was laid on the table.
Mr. BOWLIN, by leave, introduced a joint
resolution to give to the State of Missouri certain
