1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
pieces of artillery captured of the Mexicans by
the Missouri volunteers under the command of
Colonel Doniphan.
The joint resolution was read three times, passed,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. DANIEL, by leave, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this Hous-e a copy of the pro-
ceeding1* of the court of inquiry in Mexico touching the
matter which led to the dismissal from the public service of
Lieutenants Josiah S. Pender and Geoige E. R. Singletary,
of the North Carolina legiment of volunteers, and all the
coirespondence between the War Department and Generals
Taylor and Wool in relation to the same.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved to amend the
resolution by adding thereto, "And that he also
•communicate to this House a copy of the proceed-
ings of the court of inquiry lately held at Fred-
erick, Maryland."
The amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to amend the
resolution by adding a proviso "authorizing the
Secretary of War to employ two additional clerks
to enable him to comply with the requests of the
resolution."
Mr. DANIEL hoped Mr. Cobb would not in-
sist on his amendment, as it would endanger the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. COBB believed the gentleman from North
Carolina had voted on all occasions against giving
additional clerical aid to the various public depart-
ments, which had been earnestly and repeatedly
asked of Congress. And as Mr. C. thought the
extra clerks asked for by the departments were ne-
cessary to the prompt despatch of public business,
he insisted on his amendment. These frequent
(and Mr. C. believed unnecessary) calls for in-
formation were very detrimental to the country.
Nearly the whole time of the regular clerks in the
departments were taken up to answer them, to the
•entire neglect of other and more important public
business. Mr. C.'s amendment was rejected.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. GAYLE moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to offer the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the consideration of House
bill to grant portions of the public lands to the Mobile and
Ohio Railroad Company, and that the same be put on its
passage.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. MEADE moved to suspend the rules to
•enable him to introduce the following joint resolu-
tion:
Resolved, $c., That the Postmaster General is hereby re-
quired to rau^e the great southern inail to be transported
over the Richmond and Fredericksburg railroad upon such
term« as may he aeieed upon by impartial referees, one to be
-chosen by the President of the United States and one by the
president and director of said railroad company, the two to
■choose an umpne m case of disagreement, and the terms
thus established shall he in forcc until tiie usual period for
letting out mail contiacts for that route.
The rules were not suspended, two-thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, by leave, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, which was read and agreed to:
Rejoiced, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether any, and. it any, what reduction
can be made 111 the expenditures or'tiie Navy Department m
time of peace confidently with the interests of the public
service, and tltat they itpoit the result of such inquiry to
this House at as eaily a day as practicable.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to move a resolution to the
effect that the bill to establish certain post routes
in the United States lying on the Speaker's table
be now taken up and disposed of.
The motion to suspend the rules was decided by
yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bingham, Birdsall, Bowdon,
Bo>d, Bovdon, Brodhead, William G Brown, Albert G.
Brown, Burt, CabHI, Catbcart, Chapman, Chase, Franklin
Claik, tfeveily L.Claikc, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cooke, Collamer, Collins, Congei, Crozior, Cummins,
Daniel, Daihng, Dickim-on, Faian. Featberfton. Ficklin,
Flournoy, Fries, Fulton, Goggm, Green. Mammons, Haial-
son. Harris, Henry, Hill, Geoige c>. Houston, Inge, Charles
J. Inger^oll, Jverson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Jame* H.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, G. \V Jones, Kaufman, Ken-
non, Lfilun, La S£re, Sidney Lawrence, Ligon. Lincoln,
Lumpkin. Ljnde, Maclay, McClelland, MeCieinond, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, Job Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Nevvali,
NicuM, Pea«lec.'Peck, I'etrie, Peyton, Pill.-bury, Richard-
son. Rockhill, Sawyer, Shejipetd, Simpson, Sinai t, Stanton,
Starkweather, Stephens, Chat le>- JE. Stuart, Strong, Thomas,
James Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,
William Thompson, Thurston, Toomb>, Turner, Venable,
Wallace, Wentwoith, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot,
and Woudwaid—10£>.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Barrow,Belcher, Blanch-
ard, Botts, Brady, Buckner, Canby# Clingman, Cranston,
Crisfield, CroweJI, Dickey, Dixon, Duer, "Daniel Duncan,
Dunn, Edwards, Embree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Farreily, Fisher, Gajie, Gentry. Giddmgs, Gott, Gregory,
Grinnell, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton, Billiard, Ehas
B. Holmes, John W. Ilous-ton, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Jo-
seph R. Ingersoll, Iivin, John W. Jones, Thomas B. King,
Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence,Lord, Horace Mann,
Marvin, Mulhn, Nelson, Nes, Outlaw, Palfrey. Pendleton,
Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Roman, Rose, Root, Runisev, Schenck. Sherrill, Sil-
vester, Shngerland, Caleb B. Smith, Andrew Stewart, Tay-
lor, Richard W. Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tompkins,
Vinton, Warren, and White—75.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
suspend the rules to enable him to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the TJonce bill providingfor the settlement
of claims against the United States, be the special order for
Friday next, and so continue on Fudaysand Saturdaysuntil
finally disposed of.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and stood:
Yeas 74, nays 48. So two-thirds not voting in the
affirmative, the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, presented the
petition of the Eastern Branch Bridge Company
in relation to the purchase of the lower bridge across
the Eastern Branch by the Government. Referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BURT, by leave, offered the following res-
olution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be
communicated to this House a statement of the number of
Indians in Oiegon, California, and New Mexico; the num-
ber ot military pofts that will he necessary in each ; the
number of troops to gairison each post, and the whole
military force winch should constitute the peace establish-
ment.
On motion of Mr. MILLIARD, by leave,
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House (if not inconsistent with the public inter-
est) copies of ail instructions given to the Hons. Ambrose
H. Sevier and Nathan ChlFoid, commi'sMoners appointed to
conduct negotiations for ihe ratification ot the treaty lately
concluded between the United States and the Republic of
Mexico.
On motion of Mr, HARALSON, by leave,
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives to cause each member of the
House to be furnished with a printed copy of all the acts
and resolutions which may be passed by both Houses of
Congress and approved by the President, as soon as practi-
cable after the same shall be severally approved.
At a subsequent part of the day, Mr. HARAL-
SON moved to reconsider the vote by which the
above resolution was passed; and, by consent, the
motion to reconsider was laid over.
Mr. WHITE, by leave, offered a resolution to
discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the Senate bill reviving
certain naval pensions for the term of five years,
and extending the benefits of existing laws respect-
ing naval pensions to engineers, firemen, and coal-
heavers in the navy, and to their widows.
The resolution being agreed to—
The House proceeded to consider the said bill.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Naval Affairs was read.
Mr. WHITE moved the previous question,and,
under the operation thereof, the amendment was
agreed to, and the bill read a third time and passed.
The title was amended by striking out the words
" for the term of five years."
Mr. LAHM moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into theexpediencj of setting otf the whole, or so
much of the ten itoryacquued by the late treaty with Mexico,
west of the uver Biavo, as shall be thought ncce-^an. for j he
purpose of forming n colony for the tree black population of
the United States, and such slaves as shall fioin time to time
be manumitted bv their owneis; and that said committee
also inquire into the expediency of making a donation, oi,
for a certain compensation, selling a certain number of acres
of land to every free black person who shall, within any
specified number ol years, volurtlauh eimgiate to said ter-
ritory ; also into the piopnetj of holding said ten itorv a cer-
tain number of years as a colony ot the United States, pic-
vious to transfemng the sovereignty thereof to those resident
therein.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Roor, of
Ohio, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. VINTON said he deemed it his duty to
state, that he had received a-letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury declaring that there was no
appropriation out of which the various courts of
the United States were to be paid. He had also
letters from several sheriffs? in different districts of
the Union, stating that the terms of the courts
would have to be postponed for want of funds: and
the same was the case with the Executive depart-
ments. There was no money to pay the clerks.
He rose, therefore, to give notice, that unless the
debate on this bill should be brought to a close by
half-past three o'clock, he should move that there
be a receae, and let the House sit again to finish
the bill this night.
The reading of the bill was resumed.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend by inserting a
provision appropriating §  to complete the
erection of a custom-house at Savannah, Georgia.
The work had been ordered to be commenced,and
the appropriation was recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, moved to
insert ah appropriation of $100,000 for purchasing
a site for a custom-house in the city of Charleston,
in addition to $12,000 already appropriated.
Mr. BRODHEAD rose to order, and inquired
whether there was any law for such a work.
Mr. HOLMES replied in the affirmative, and
stated that §12,000 had heretofore been appropri-
ated. Mr. H. had, on a former occasion, fully
explained the necessity for this appropriation, and
he believed he might say that the Government
were now convinced on that point. The custom-
house now in use had been taken from the British
in the Revolution, and was entirely too small. A
merchant had lately told him, that for want of the
requisite room, he had been compelled to import
his cargo into New York, and incur the expense
of transferring it thence to Charleston.
The vote being taken by tellers, the amendment
was carried: Ayes 77, noes 41.
Mr. VINTON moved an item of $120,758 to-
wards the erection of a custom-house in New Or-
leans; which was agreed to.
Also, $12,500 to meet an outstanding claim for
building the new custom-house at Boston. Agreed
to.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, moved the appropriation of $2,200 to pur-
chase a building to be used as a custom-house in
Wiscasset.
He sent a letter to be read from the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, opposed the appro-
priation, as not warranted by any law.
A desultory debate ensued, in which Messrs.
GRINNELL, FICKLIN, and EVANS of Mary-
land, took part, after which the amendment was
carried: Ayes 70, noes not counted.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved an amendment
for the purchase of one thousand copies of Mayo's
History of the Treasury Department, $5,000.
He spoke of the value of this work as known to
many of the members and to the committees of the
House, upon whose tables it lay, and had been
liberally inspected. It was a work of exttaordi-
nary merit, and it was difficult to say how the
Treasury Department could get along without it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised a point of order
that the appropriation was unauthorized by law.
After some conversation, the point was sustained
by the Chair, and the amendment ruled out of
order.
Mr. SLINGERLAND moved the following
amendment: &
Tor the removal of obstructions in and deepening the
channel of the Hudson river, nt and below the United States
arsenal at Waterviiet, the sum of sixty thousand dollars,
to ho expended under the dnecuoiis of the Secretary of
War.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
The item " for the removal of obstructions in
the Savannah river and the naval anchorage near
Fort Pulaski, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, §50,000," being under consideration-
Mr. BARROW moved to.add $50,000 for re-
pairs of the dam at Cumberland Island, in the
Ohio.
Mr. BRODHEAD raised the point of order that
it was not authorized by law.
The CHAIR sustained the point of order.
Mr. BARROW appealed, and observed that the
sum asked for might be considered a continuation
of former appropriations, as the dam had been con-
structed by authority of law, and being now in a
