944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17.
dilapidated condition, the interests of commerce on
the Ohio river required its repair or removal.
Mr. MOREHEAD called attention to the law
by which the dam was erected, and after some
conversation—
The question was taken on the appeal, and de-
cided in the affirmative: Ayes 76, noes 55.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment decided out of order,
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved to amend the
item by inserting after the word 44 river," the words
4 4 occasioned" by sinking wrecks to prevent the ap-
proach of the enemy to the city during tne revolu-
tionary war.55
He caused to be read during the allotted five
minutes a portion of the memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of Savannah, relative to the neces-
sity of this appropriation, and the manner in which
those obstructions were placed there.
Mr. VENABLE raised the point of order, that
the appropriation proposed by the item was not
authorized by law.
The CHAIR stated that he could not undertake
to rule out a part of the bill, and suggested that
the gentleman from North Carolina could appeal
or move to strike out the item.
Mr. "VENABLE made the motion to strike out.
Mr. TOOMBS, upon a pro forma amendment,
distinguished this appropriation from appropria-
tions for works of general internal improvement.
It did not propose to remove any natural obstruc-
tion whatever; the Government, for its own pur-
poses of defence of the city, had sunk these ships,
and it was the duty of the Government to remove
them.
Mr. McCLELLAND inquired if a part of these
obstructions were not put there by the British Gov-
ernment as well as by. our own ?
Mr. TOOMBS replied, not that he was aware of.
Mr. McCLELLANDsaid, thememorial showed
the fact; and also, that these obstructions were
placed there prior to the adoption of the Consti-
tution.
Mr. TOOMBS said the Government was bound
by all the obligations of the Confederacy. It was
bound to remove its own obstructions, and not to
injure the commeice at this particular point. If
gentlemen expected, by stiiking out appropriations
of this character, to add strength to the general
system of internal improvements, they would find
themselves greatly mistaken. The great objection
that had been offered to the general system was,
that it was made to include bad as well as good
works; but there was no objection to good ones,
standing on their own foundation. He caused the
memorial further to be read.
Mr. McCLELLAND, on a like amendment,
objected to this appropriation, not because he was
opposed to this kind of works, but to any dis-
crimination between them. This appropriation
was not more necessary or proper than numerous
other appropriations in the general improvement
bill. This was one of the items in that bill.
Another point was, that these obstructions were
placed there in part by the British Government,
and hence the obligation of the Government re-
specting them stood on no different footing from
that for the removal of other obstructions. He
referred to the report of the corps of Topographical
Engineers at the first session of the 28th Congress,
to show that appropriations had been made for this
work, from time to time, amounting to ^140,000.
Mr. King's amendment was rejected—ayes GO,
noes 67.
Mr. DICKINSON n^oved an amendment pro-
viding that the works provided for should be ad-
vertised and let out to contract to the lowest bid-
der. He said the contract system was thatadopted
by many of the States, and it would effect a great
saving, and secure the application of the moneys
appropriated direct to the furtherance of the works,
and not to the payment of superintendents, agents,
&c. He hoped no appropriation of this kind would
be made in this bill; but, if it were to be, it should
be judiciously expended.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Venable's mo-
tion to strike out—
Mr. VENABLE said this was strictly a work
of internal improvement, and had no place in a
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. It was
unauthorized bylaw or by resolution of the House;
and yet gentlemen sought, in the report of a bill
by the committee, to insert an appropriation which
was essentially distinct from the legitimate object
of the bill, and thus force the President to sanction
works which could not be passed into law stand-
ing on their own merits, or take the responsibility
of vetoing the general appropriation bill. He hoped
it would be stricken out.
Mr. STEPHENS replied to Mr. McClelland,
and defended the appropriation. He said this
could not be included amongst the works of internal
improvements; for it was designed only to remove
those obstructions which were placed there during
the Revolution to prevent the approach of the Brit-
ish fleet, and therefore were a part of the means
used to secure our independence. It was, then,
the duty of the Government to remove those ob-
structions, and, as he had said, it did not come
within the principle respecting river and harbor
improvements; though he, for one, was willing to
improve all great works that were really of a na-
tional character.
Some explanations having; been made by Mr.
McCLELLAND and Mr. STEPHENS—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact, that for a series of
years Georgia had the privilege of levying tonnage
duties for the improvement of this river by the re-
moval of this obstruction.
Mr. T. B. KING replied that the State of
Georgia had never imposed tonnage duties.
Mr. VINTON said it was very apparent that the
committee would not dispose of this bill by 3|
o'clock; he therefore moved that the commitfee
rise, with a view of offering a resolution in the
House for a recess until 7 o'clock, so that the com-
mittee could hold an evening session.
The motion was rejected by a majority of 67
to 64.
Mr. VINTON hoped, then, that the members
would consent to sit until 5 o'clock. ,
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to strike out
the item making an appropiiation to refund to col-
leges, academies, &c., certain duties on philosophi-
cal apparatus, books, &c., imported from foreign
countries. Lost.
Mr. VINTON, by direction of the Committee
of Ways and Means, offered the following: "For
the expenses of a commercial agent, to be selected
and sent abroad by the President, to collect inform-
ation respecting the commerce, productions, and
statistics of the countries of Asia and Eastern
Africa, §10,000."
After explanations by Mr. VINTON, Mr.
HOUSTON of Alabama, Mr. GRINNELL, Mr.
KING of Georgia, Mr. NICOLL, Mr. C. J. IN-
GERSOLL, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania,
and others, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to strike out
the item of $4,750 for grading and gravelling Four-
and-a-half street from Maryland avenue to the Ar-
senal, and flagging the west side thereof. He said
this was an item for paving one of the streets of
this city. Every session they were asked for such I
appropriations, and he had never been able to see
the justice and propriety of making appropriations
for such a purpose. The inhabitants of this, like
the inhabitants of other cities, should pave and
repair their own streets. The only reason that he ]
could discover whereon to base this appropriation
was, that the Government had an arsenal at the
end of it, and therefore this road must be made from
Pennsylvania avenue, which some gentlemen also
claimed as belonging to the Geneial Government.
This hill contained several other items of a like
character, which he should move to strike out
when the proper time came—some of them -for
roads through unsettled parts of the city. This
Four-and-a-half* street was not one-tenth occupied.
The items for the improvement of streets in this
city which this bill contained amounted to foity or
fifty thousand dollars, which he contended they
had no power to appropriate.
Mr. CHAPMAN replied. He said the gentle.-
mai) from Tennessee seemed to be ata loss to*know
why this Government should be called upon to im-
prove the streets of this city. It ought to be known
to that gentleman that the streets proposed to be
improved are under the control of the Government
of the United States, and by u they ou^ht to be
repaired. The gentleman ought to know that when
the contract was made between this Government
and the owners of this property in this city, the
Government agreed to make and repair these streets.
There was now lying in the treasury a large
; amount acquired by the sale of lots here, which,
according to the agreement of the Government,
should be appropriated in this way. When the
city was laid out, it was divided into lots, one-half
of which were given to the Government, and the
rest reserved to the owners, the Government stip-
ulating that all the proceeds arising from the sale
of those lots which it took should be appropriated
for the improvement of streets and avenues, and
that had not been done. But this appropriation
was asked for by the War Department, and not
by the inhabitants of this city; and for whose con-
venience? Why, that a good pathway might be
afforded to the public property and public build-
ings, including the Arsenal, which gentlemen would
not attempt to deny was the property of this
Government.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, having made a
pro forma motion, said, aside from the question of
power in this Government to make appropriations
for improvements of this sort, there were other rea-
sons, which he thought were conclusive, to show
that this appropriation should not be made. If it -
were in order, he would move to strike out the
threeor four other items in immediate connection
with this, but he should refer to them as furnish-
ing reasons why this item should be stricken out.
Where, then, he asked, did this Government de-
rive its power to make improvements of this sort?
He could not find any. It might be contended that
they could make these improvements because this
road led to buildings and property of the Federal
Government. Why, this would justify the con-
struction of a road from Washington to New Or-
leans, because this Government had a mint there.
The argument in the one case was as good as in
the other; but it was good m neither. It was not
necessary, to carry out any one function pertaining
to the Arsenal, that they should appropriate this
money, and gravel and flag these streets.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Chapman]
had referred to the Avenue; but this item was to
make an appropriation for Four-and-a-half street;
and where did this Government derive the power
to take money from the people's pockets to pave,
grade, gravel, and flag the streets of Washington?
There was no such power given by the Constitu-
tion; it was neither express nor implied, nor was
such power necessary to enable them to carry out
any express grantof the Constitution; and when
they looked at the sums which had been lavished
on this District, he thought they ought to see that
it was time such appropriations should be stopped.
Go back but a few sessions, and they would see
appropriations of $40,000 at one, §60,000 at an-
other, and like appropriations at another, for the
improvement of the streets in this city, and still
they cry, "Give, give!" To talk, then, of the
produce of lots sold in this city being m the gen-
eral treasury, was ail gammon. He also called
the attention of the committee to tiie assumption
of the debts of the cities of the District by the
General Government, and to the amounts expended
for judges, court-houses, penitentiaries. &c., which
other communities maintained at their own ex-
pense, and said, if this Government would remove
to New York, Philadelphia, or Baltimore, those
cities, instead of calling upon this Government for
such appropriationsforthe repairsof streets, would
pay to it a bonus. He denied that this Govern-
ment had any more jurisdiction or control over
Washington than over any other city m this Union,
and yet a thousand dollars was spent to lay the
dust, lest it should be offensive to the olfactoues of
gentlemen. He should like the gentlemen from
Ohio and Georgia to go home to their constituents,
and tell them that while they were paying taxes to
keep the Government going on 
The Chairman's hammer cut off the gentleman's
sentence in its midst, his time having expired.
Mr. TALLMADGE said, it was very amusing
to hear sentlemen make such statements as those
which thev had just heard. The gentleman from
Tennessee had spoken of the expenditures for tins
District; and what were they ? Why, they were
for the improvement of their own grounds and
a\enues, and nothing else. And who enjoyed
them when they were improved : The gentleman
from Maryland had stated to the committee the
facts of the case; and why did not the gentleman
opposite answer him? Those grounds that were
proposed to* be improved belonged to tins Govern-
ment, and the city of Washington has no control
over them; the appropriations were for the benefit
