THE CONGKESSIONAL- GLOBE. .
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
of the United States. This item was for military
purposes; it was to make a road to a'Unlted States
arsenal, and not for the city of Washington. Did
the avenue belong to the ~city of Washington?
Was it for the convenience of the city of Wash-
ington ? Why, then, these tirades against the city
of Washington and the District of Columbia?
Why, it was shown by a statement of their own
commissioner, that the United States Government
had not expended the interest of the money do-
' rated to it by this city, which it agreed to expend
for-these purposes. That might seem to be a bold
expression on his part, but he had before him the
documents to prove it.
He then alluded to $120,000 given.by Virginia,
and. the $75,000 given by Maryland, to the public
treasury, when the District of Columbia was ceded
to this Government, and he asked, what had this
Government ever paid for the cession of territory
here, and for the lots which it had at its disposal?
Why, their own officer had shown them that they
owed to this city nearly half a million of dollars,
and yet gentleman talked of the wonderful things
done by this Government for the city of Wash-
ington. They lepaired these roads, then, for their
own convenience, and because the city of Wash-
ington had nothing to do with them.
He also spoke of the canal, to which allusion
had been made, which he said was the work of
the United States; and of the expenditures for
Sighting the streets, and said, if this Government
would pay taxes on its own property, the city
would ask it for nothing else.
Mr. TOOMBS replied, that so far from not hav-
ing any power to legislate for internal improve-
ments within this District, Congress possessed ex-
clusive power of legislation over it; and, as to the
great amounts which Congress had appropriated
for this city, if the city possessed the power of
taxing Government property within its limits, it
■would amount to over.$50,000 a year. All the ap-
propriations of Congress for the District would
not equal it. The people of the city had made
almost all the streets of the city out of their own
funds; the people of no city in the Union paid so
heavy a corporation tax; it amounted to nearly
one per cent. There was a debt due from the Gov-
ernment to the city which would require much
larger appropriations than had ever yet been made.
Government had sold lots in thiscity to the amount
- of $800,000. Did gentlemen wish this Government
to speculate and make money out of the poor peo-
ple of Washington ?
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee, wanted to know,
if the seat of Government should be removed, what
all these city lots would be worth ?
Mr. TOOMBS replied, that if the Government
should in that case return to the people of this city
all the money it had made out of its location here,
they would be worth a great deal. It was the duty
of the House to make these appropiiations now
asked, and a great deal more besides; and, when
* he went home, he should tell his constituents
SO. . , , . ,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, said he had
•lately looked at the contract made between this
Government and those who ceded the land on
which the city stood, and had examined the con-
ditions on which the cession had been made, and
he was fully satisfied that no body of people in
any of the States of this Union could be found who
had been treated by their own Legislatures as the
people of this District had been treated by the
Congress of these United States. Some gentlemen
seemed to regard them as wholly out of the pale
of this Government, because they had been^de-
prived of the power to vote for merrlbera of Con-
gress. Not an appropriation could be proposed
which.tended in the slightest degree to their bene-
fit, but what it was instantly and strenously op-
posed, either on the ground of unconstitutionality
or inexpediency. He heard now, for the first time,
that this Government had no power to improve the
streets and avenues on its own property. Truly,
this was an age of discovery. Government had
"no power to legislate for the improvement of the
streets in this city, when that was one of the stip-
60
FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1848.
the^jrovernment received the
OTwhich it stood.
ulations on which
cession of the ground
Had the city taxed the lots held here by the
Government, and put them up "to sate, what a
clamor would gentlemen raise about a municipal
authority undertaking to sell Government property S
Yet they contended, that while the lots belonged
to the Government, the people should be at the
whole cost of making streets, without which those
lots would be of little value. The city had no au-
thority to tax these lots, and if it should attempt
to do so, these very gentlemen would raise tne
loudest complaint.
Mr. JOHNSON said, that if the gentleman
would refer to the acts of the city corporation, he
would find that it did tax real estate very heavily
Yes, but not public prop-
every year.
Mr. THOMPSON.
erty. *
Mr. JOHNSON". I did notsay'pnblic property.
Mr. THOMPSON. But that is the whole ques-
tion ?
Mr. SAWYER said he desired only to see justice
done; and he should not have said a word but for
the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Thompson.] In Mr. S.'s State, and in that gen-
tleman 's State, the Government sold large amounts
of the soil of the State; but did those States on
that account demand vast donations of the public
money for works of internal improvement? Not
at all. A.nd when Government did grant any land
for such works, it doubled the price of every alter-
nate section. Thegentleman said Government had
not spent here the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lots: but had Government ever spent in the
West the proceeds of the sales of the public lands ?
The CHAIR called Mr. S. to order for irrele-
vancy.
Mr. MULLIN said he had paid some attention
to the appropriations made at different times by
Congress for the benefit of this District, and he
raised his protest against the whole system. The
first appropriation he found had been made in the
spring of 1828, when the city was comparatively
in its infancy. Since then, the appropriations had
gone on increasing, till, unless the practice should
be put a stop to, the whole treasury would be in-
sufficient to furnish money for this city and this
District. Congress had buifcthem two bridges,
and made them free of toll. TThey had appropri-
ated §20,000, and then $130,000, and then ran it
up to $150,000 for bridges; then $60,000 for an- i,
other bridge at Georgetown; then $150,000 for a 1
city canal; then they had assumed the canal debt ;
of the three cities of the District, and took canal |
stock in security. Then they had furnished fire- i
engines, and built engine-houses; and he supposed j
Congress would be called on before long to do ]
everything else that the imagination of man could j
conceive to benefit these people, until there would ;
not be money enough in the treasury to m^LXhe j
appropriations. It was taking public monfynfor j
private use. It was said Government got the ben-
efit of these improvements. Why, so did Govern- •
ment derive benefit from the improvement and sale
of the public lands. Why should the power of (
taxation be allowed in this District when it was j
denied to the States? Mr. M. protested utterly
against any appropriation whatever for improve-
ments in this District. Congress had granted from
five hundred thousand to eight hundred thousand jj
dollars, wholly apart from the public property, to lj
the people here, besides a million and more of debt ,
assumed on their account, on which the interest j
had to be paid. * He was opposed to going any j
further.
Mr. ROMAN replied. The gentleman had talked !
about Government appropriations to the canal, and ;
its assumption of the canal debt. He "could a tale ,
unfold" on that subject which would show up the i
conduct of this Government in a very different light. (
It was originally proposed to dig a canal of thirty '
feet wide and four feet deep, which the people would
have been able to complete. But the Government
had come in and said, Do not stint your plan to
such a pitiful ditch as that; we shall want to use
the canal to bring down iron to our foundries and
New Series......No. 60.
stone for public buildings and other Government
purposes. Make your canal sixty feet wide and
six feet deep, and we will help you. Virginia and
Maryland and the cities of the District had acqui-
esced in the proposal; but after they had been drawn
into this magnificent plan, and had commenced their
canal onlhis extended scale, the Government con-
cluded it would not be a good speculation, and re-
fused to go any further; but Virginia, Maryland,
and the District, had been drawn in too deeply, to
recede, and they had to go on with the work. But
for the bad faith of this Government, Maryland
w,puld not have had a dollar of her public burdens,
and would have known nothing of her late embar-
rassments. Was there any great liberality in as-
suming a debt which Government had itself caused ?
This was the honorable course of the Government
in the matter of this canal, about which so much
was boasted. As a citizen and a Representative
from Maryland, Mr. R. could not sit quietly and
hear such gross misstatements without contradict-
ing them.
The motion to strike out was lost, only 39 votes
being given in the affirmative. Tellers, however,
were demanded, when the vote stood ayes 47,
noes 80.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL proposed an amend-
ment that the Secietary of War be directed to fur-
nish from the Bureau of Topographical Engineers
the estimates for a plan to supply the city with
water for the extinguishing of fires, &c. It was
ruled out of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL took an appeal.
Mr. GENTRY said that \arious attempts had
been made heretofore to effect this object by reso-
lution; he thought the gentleman from Pennsyl-
j vania deserved great credit for now attempting to
, get at it by law.
The CHAIR was sustained, and the amendment
ruled out.
The following item having been read: "For
grading and gravelling Indiana avenue, and for the
construction of a culvert under it, $13,500"—
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike it out. He
said he could not sit quietly by and see such a
course of legislation going on without any attempt
to arrest it. Gentlemen complained that Govern-
ment was unjust in refusing to appropriate still
more for this District because they owned many
lots here. He lived where Government owned
almost all the soil; the people lived there in wood*
and swamps, without roads, without schools, and
destitute of many other conveniences of life; but
it gave them nothing; and when U pretended to
make them a donation of laud, it took care to
, double the price of its own lots. The people there
| had to make their own roads; but here Govern-
j ment must make the streets and avenues, and when
I that was done, it must water them too, lest the
! throats of members of Congress should be choked
with dust, so that th ey could not make long speeches
for more appropriations. This watering of the
streets was an appropriation for next year, for
there would be no opportunity of expending it till
then. He entered his protest, like the gentleman
over the way, against the entire system. If he
were a resident of the District, he would spurn the
idea of receiving the Government money like a
pauper. They did not do anything for the im-
provement of their own streets. One gentleman
said they had no right to do anything; another,
on the same side of the question, said they had
done a great deal. How did these arguments
stand together? He should vote to strike out each
of these city appropriations, and, as he supposed
the mouon would not prevail, he shoidd take the
responsibility of voting against the whole bill on
the ground of its containing appropriations of this
character. There was not in the whole b,l a
single item for the great West; all weie for the
Atlantic border and the southern depots. When
they (lid bring in a biU for the improvement of the
great western rivers, they took care to put into it
some obnoxious features, such as they knew the
' Piesident and the South would never agree to; and
I in the appropriation bills, not a dollar was provided
'• for anybody or anything west of the mountains
