1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Barrmger, Barrow, Blanchard,
fJo\d<m, Brady, Butler, Cabeh, Chapman, Frankiin Clark,
Oiniman, Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Cranston, Orisfield,
Oowell, Crozaer, Dickey, Dixon, Donneli, Duer, Dunn,
JSc-kert, R'lvvards, Erubree, AlexanderEvans, Nathan Evans,
Fisher, Flournoy, Gaines. Gayle, Gogcin, Gregory, Nathan
K. llall. JamesG. Hampton, Haskell, Henrv, Eliljiard, J^aac
Holmes, Elm? B. Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Jo-
seph It. Inger^oll, John W. Jones Kellogg, Thomas Butler
Km?, Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mc-
Jiv.une, Horace Mann, Marsh, Morehead, Muliin, Nelson,
Nowall, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pendleton, Pollock, Preston, Put-
nam, Julius Rockwell, Roman, Rose, Root, Rumsey, St.
John, Schenek, Shepperd, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,
Strohm, Tallinadge, Taj-Jor, Thibodeaux, R. W. Thompson,
Tompkins, Toombs, Tuck, Vinton, and Warren—84.
The SPEAKER then voted in the negative,
making yeas 85, nays 85—a tie.
So the amendment was lost, and said appropria-
tion is retained in the bill.
Mr. BURT moved, at 4 o'clock, that the House
adjourn. Lost. Yeas 73, nay 82.
Special votes were taken on numerous amend-
mentsotherthan the foregoing, to which exceptions
were taken as they were read. The action of the
Committee of the Whole in every case being con-
curred in, the amendments were agreed to.
The other amendments, to which no exceptions
were taken, were then agreed to.
The amendments having all been acted on, the
hill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected to the third
reading of the bill at this time unless it was en-
grossed; and, it not being engrossed, the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC-.
The following memorials and petitions were presented
wnder the lule, and referred :
By Mr."EDWARDS : The memorial of the heirs cf Sur-
geon L. A. Wo|pl«y, United States army, asking a pension.
By Mi. HARM ANSON: The petition ol Thomas Cock-
«ran, William Campbell, and 49 otitis, for a mail route from
Harrisonbuig to Nachitoehes, via Rowesville, Debdetnoua,
and Thompson's Rpriwgs Louisiana.
By Mr. TALLMADGE : The petition of Everett &. Bat-
telle for return of penalty paid the United States.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 18, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
in answer to a resolution of the 13th May last,
calling for a statement of all the imports and man-
ufactures, and quantity and value of all mineral
coal, from the 1st July, 1847, to the 1st May, 1848.
The Register of the Treasury says but few returns,
and those from the minor districts, for the last quar-
ter have been received.
[The statement of the Register, as far as returns
enable him to show, gives the value of imported
iron, and its variety of manufacture, as $9,464,841;
the coal as 164,447 tons, value $369,243.]
The communication was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, inquired of the
Chair if any answer had been received to a resolu-
tion submitted by him some weeks since, calling
for the increase of the number of officers in the
custom-house at Baltimore, &c.?
The CHAIR replied, that the Journal did not
show that any answer had been returned.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, if it be not received
to-day or to-morrow, I shall renew the call.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. D1X, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a recommendation that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill amending the act entitled "An
act granting half-pay to widows or orphans,"
where their husbands and fathers have died of
wounds received in the military service of the
United States, in cases of deceased officers and
soldiers of the militia and volunteers.
Mr. BADGER made an objection to the phrase-
ology of the amendment, as it appeared to confer
a power on the Secretary of War, on consultation
with the President, to interpose obstructions to the
g uniting of pensions, tie presumed that the words
had slipped in by an oversight.
Mr. DIX admitted that the words were not such
as he would have used had he drawn up the sec-
tion. But he did not view the matter -as of any
importance, as the construction apprehended by
the Senator from North Carolina could not be put
on the language.
.Mr. BORLAND complained that too much dis-
cretion was already given to Executive officers.
He would prefer the recommitment of the report,
with instructions to report rules and instructions
for the government of the officers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said, the intro-
duction of the words used was unfortunate; but he
did not think they could be so construed as to give
to the Commissioner of Pensions power to refuse
the payment of pensions. He thought it would
not be necessary to recommit the report.
Mr. BRADBURY expressed his belief that the
Executive officers, by their rigid construction of
the laws, merited praise rather than censure.
Mr. BORLAND referred to some decisions, to
sustain his statement that the Commissioner had
put a wrong construction on existing laws; but he
disavowed any intention to impute any improper
motive to that officer. He had no doubt that the
Commissioner acted from a conscientious interpre-
tation of his duty.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to amend the report, by
striking out certain words and inserting'others.
Mr. DIX thought the fchange would be produc-
tive of no benefit; and it was thought very desirable
by the committee that the bill should not be sent
back to the House.
Mr. BORLAND said, the amendment precisely
met his views.
Mr. HALE remarked, that it required great
vigilance on the part of the Commissioner to guard
against fraudulent application. While he (Mr.
H.) was law officer of the Government, he had
opportunities of ascertaining the extent of these
frauds.
The amendment of Mr. Berrien was then dis-
agreed to, and the report of the Committee was
adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
Ij tee on Conference on the disagreeing votes of the
i two Houses to the House bill to amend an act
entitled " An act supplemental to an act providing
for the prosecution of the existing war between
the United States and the Republic of Mexico,
and for-other purpose^," reported various amend-
ments.
The bill and report were ordered to be printed;
but, on motion of Mr. BENTON, in a subsequent
stage of the proceedings, the Senate concurred in
the report of the committee.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. BREESE,
Resolved, That the Committer on the Post Office and Po«t
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a mail route from Lebanon, in St. Clair county,
through \;anne Town, in Madison county, and Staunton,
in Macoupin county, to Cailmsville, the county seat of said
county.
Mr. MASON submitted the following, which j
was ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be authorized to
employ a clerk annually, whose duties shall be the same as
those now performed by the clerks ot the Committee of
Claims in the House of Representatives, until otherwise
directed, to be paid monthly by the Secretary of the Senate
out ot the contingent fund,huch compensation as shall be
fixed by the committee, not exceeding that allowed to en-
grossing clerks of the Senate. ^
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the mi-
lowing:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
pay to J. C Frdmont, tor his labor and services Miicehe left
the army of the United States, in prepanng and compiling
the map ot Oicgon and California, as ordered by the Senate
on ttie 2d February, lfc47, and in dravang up a geographical
memoir m lllustiation of said map: Ffbiidcd, That the rate
of pay shall not exceed that allowed to S. N. Nicollet, Esq.,
foi similar labors-and services in preparing and compiling \
hi-'hydrograpincal and topographical mapot the bdsm ol the
Uppei Mississippi.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
BADGER, was taken up and adopted.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any infoimat on which
may he in the possession of the Executive relating to {he .
seizure and capturo of the American slnp Admittance, on
the coast of California, by a vessel of war of the United :
States, and whether any and what proceedings have oc-
curred m regard to said vessel or her cargo, and to fnim-h
the Senate with copies of all documents, papers, ami com-
munications in the possession of the Executive relating to
the same.
LIGHT-HOUSES.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to consider the joint resolution to extend the time
for the erection of certain light-houses; which was
read a third time and passed.
Mr. WALKER, on leave, introduced a bill to
modify the fourth clause of the-seventh section of
an act entitled " An act to enable the people of
Wisconsin Territory to frame a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union," approved 6th August,
3846; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1849.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate, striking out the appropriations
for the marine hospitals at Pittsburg, Cleveland,
Louisville, &c.—
Mr. PHELPS expressed some surprise at the
multiplication of marine hospitals in the West,
while along the Atlantic coast there were but
three.
Mr. BORLAND went at some length into the
extent of the commerce of the West, and the ne-
cessity, growing out of that increa.se, for the erec-
tion of marine hospitals. He also stated what
were the rules and regulations by which these in-
stitutions are governed. He illustrated the subject
by quotations from the memorial of the Memphis
Convention. This commerce was valued at three
hundred millions of dollars in 3843; and it has
now increased so as to make it a fair calculation
that the commerce of the "West, along the ten
thousand miles embraced in that portion of the
country, amounts to nearly or quite five hundred
trillions of dollars. The revenue collected from
this commerce is about $250,000. This hos been
drawn from the owners and masters of these boats.
He regarded the Government as hound to disburse
this amount of money among these boatmen.
They have paid into the hands of the Government
at least two millions of dollais, and this sum is
still annually increasing. These facts led the Gov-
ernment to recommend the erection of these ma-
rine hospitals. He expressed his conviction that
the West, in consequence of this large amount of
annual contributions, was entitled to these hos-
pitals, for want of which there had been great
suffering among the boatmen of the western divers.
He stated that in his professional career he had
attended one hundred of these persons at a.time,
when they had not only no means to pay their phy-
sician, but were even dependent on the charity of
the town for the means to pay for the medicines.
He supposed it would be made a ground of objec-
tion, that the West was an insatiable beggar; but he
contended that she was not more craving than the
East. He quoted fiom various sources to show
that the appropriations made for the Atlantic coast
very greatlv exceeded those made for the western
waters. The objection which had been urged
against these appropriations, that they are out of
their place in this bill, he regarded as entitled to
no weight. At this late period of the session, it
would scarcely be possible to get up the subject in
the form of a separate bill, so as for it to have any
chance of its passage during this session.
Mr. PHELPS made some remaiks on the ex-
traordinary extent to which this system had been
carried. lie thought there was too much liberality
in making appropriations for eight or nine of these
edifices in a single bill. He was willing to finish
the hospitals commenced, but should be opposed
to any new ones.
Mr. BORLAND explained some of his former
positions in reply.
Mr. ATHERTON defended the course of the
committee, in striking out the clause, contending
that the whole of the money for these marine hos-
pitals came out of the treasury of the United
Slates, and not Hum the hospital fund.
Mr. BORLAND replied.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said the sites
had all been purchased for these hospitals, and
the appropriation was necessary to carry "them
°The amendment of the committee was disagreed
to, and the clause was not stricken out, and a sim-
ilar amendment relative to another maiine hospi-
tal was also disagreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the spe-
cial order, being the motion to go into Executive
bu sincss
Mr. YULEE and Mr. NILES obtained permis-
sion to make some remarks by way of explanation
