950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
in relation to the contracts made by the Secretary
of the Navy, relative to the Atlantic steam ves-
sels.
The bill was then laid on the table for thepresent;
and)
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business.
In about an hour, the doors were reopened, and
THE PROPOSED COMPROMISE".
Mr. CLAYTON, from the select committee on
the Territories of Oregon, California, and New
Mexico, reported a bill for the organization of Ter-
ritorial Governments in each of them. [It appeared
to be a very long bill, containing no less than thir-
ty-seven sections.]
Mr. Clayton said the subjects referred to this
committee were of infinite difficulty. The Territo-
ries for which temporary civil governments were
to be organized embraced an area of 1,044,492
square miles—about as large as that of one-third
of all Europe, and" capable of sustaining, sooner or
later, the population of a mighty empire. 'The
intrinsic difficulties necessarily belonging to such
an organization were increased by the nature and
character of the population now existing there, as
well as that hereafter to be introduced by the ex-
tension of the Constitution and laws of the United
States over so vast a country.
The committee had entered upon the discharge
of their duties, under all these embarrassments,
with untiring industry, with a zealous resolution,
and an indefatigable spirit, which he had never
known surpassed. He felt it due, in justice to
each and every one of his colleagues, to say, that
amidst all their long conferences and laborious dis-
cussions on the various topics necessarily consid-
ered by them, the most conciliatory spirit had been
evinced by them, each endeavoring to maintain the
honor and interest, not merely of his own section
of country, but that of the whole nation, and each
endeavoring to yield so much as he felt could be
properly and honorably conceded, without the sac-
rifice of what was essentially due to his own con-
stituents and the people of all the States. The con-
ferences of the committee were in this spirit—at-
tended with free and ample discussion—and, after
a full interchange of views, a vote was taken on a
proposition moved by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Atchison,] " that the spirit of the Missouri
compromise be adopted to govern the settlement
of all the Territories of the United States." On
this question the committee divided, five for and
three against the motion. The Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Bright] then moved the proposition,
notice of which had been previously given in the
Senate, containing the words of the Missouri com-
promise. As the condition of the territory was
now said to be different from that to which that
compromise applied in 1820, a motion was made
by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
to amend that proposition by providing that 44 all
the territory in New Mexico and California, south
of the parallel'of 36° 30', shall be placed on the
same footing in all respccts as to slavery that ex-
isted in Louisiana while it was a territory.'* On
this question the committee divided, four for the
motion and four against it. After the failure of
this motion, the question was taken on the propo-
sition of the Senator from Kentucky, and with a
like result—the committee being again equally di-
vided.
At this stage of the proceedings all compromise
appeared to be impossible. But the committee
proceeded afterwards to consider a proposition to
endeavor to adjust the great question, at least so
far as to enable Congress to extend the laws over
and provide for the administration of justice in the
Territories, leaving for the present the settlement
of it to the laws of population, or the adaptation
of soil, climatc, and all circumstances to the various
kinds of labor. While it was admitted on all sides
thai by far the greatest portion of the Territories
was properly adapted to free labor, and would ne-
cessarily be free soil forever, yet it was also with
equal unanimity conceded that there was a portion
of it where free labor never could be introduced,
owing to the climate arid the peculiar productions
of that portion. w It was thought that if Oregon,
which no one imagines can ever be slaveholding,
could be organized as the people of that Territory
desired, by the temporary adoption of their present
laws interdicting or prohibiting slavery till the
Territorial Legislature proposed to be organized'
by a popular vote, under the bill referred to us,
could enact some law on the subject, most of the
objections which had been urged in debate to the
twelfth section would be obviated without any
sacrifice of principle by those who urged them;
I and that, after thus disposing of the question, so
far as relates to Oregon, the Territories of Califor-
nia and New Mexico could be organized in the
same bill by the appointment of a governor, sen-
ator, and judges, to compose, according to the old
precedents, a temporary Legislature for each of
these Territories, but without the power to legis-
late on the subject of slavery; thus placing that
question beyond the power of theTerritoriabLegis-
lature, and resting the right to introduce or pro-
'hibit slavery in these two Territories on the Con-
stitution, as the same should be expounded by the
judges, with a right of appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States. Jt was thought that by this
means Congress would avoid the decision of this
distracting question, leaving it to be settled by the
silent operation of the Constitution itself; ana that
in case Congress should refuse to touch the sub-
ject, the country would be slaveholding only where,
by the laws of Nature, slave labor was effective,
and free labor could not maintain itself. On the
other hand, in case Congress should hereafter
choose to adopt the compromise line of 36° 30f,
(north of which, I suppose, it is not expected that
slave labor can be introduced,) or any other rule
of settlement, it will be free to act as to its wisdom
and patriotism shall seem fit.
After many conflicts of opinion, these views
thus generally expressed were substantially agreed
upon with great unanimity, all the members of the
committee agreeing to make the report, and but
two of them (one from the North and the other
from the South) disapproving any of the material
features as they understand it. By order of the
committee, I have prepared a bill in accordance
with these views. It contains some important
amendments to the Oregon bill, particularly so far
' as it corrects the defective description of the bound-
aries in that bill.
I do not expect, sir, that this or any other prop-
osition which the wit of man can possibly suggest,
will prevent agitation on this subject, which is now
daily spreading through the country, and, I fear,
dividing it into geographical parties. If the Mis-
souri compromise of 36° 30' should be adopted, the
agitators would immediately raise the standard of
repeal, and agitate as fiercely as ever. We know
that, sir. They will agitate after the passage of
any bill. But this bill resolves the whole question
between the North and South into a constitutional
and a judicial question. It only asks of men of
all sections to stand by the Constitution ^and suffer
that to settle the difference by its own tranquil
operation. If the Constitution settles the question
either way, let those who rail at the decision vent
their indignation against their ancestors who-
adopted it. We offer no bill to introduce slavery
by Congressional anactment into any free territory.
If, as the South contends, the Constitution gives
the right to carry their slaves there, they will
maintain that right. If, as the North contends,
thAponstitution confers no such right, they will
vindicate their claim. And Oregon will be at once
organized as a Territory, with power to elect their
own Legislature—a power which the committee
think cannot now, with any propriety, be con-
ferred upon the population of the two other terri-
tories.
I now, sir, have the honor to report, as an amend-
ment and a substitute for the bill referred to the
select committee, " A bill to establish the Terri-
torial Governments of Oregon, California, and
New Mexico." The committee, with all-becoming
modesty, desire tp say that they do not view their
work as perfect; but it is the very best which,
under all the embarrassing circumstances of their
position, they have been able to propose. To the
Senate they appeal for assistance to correct any
errors into which they may have inadvertently
fallen. But it is the honest opinion of a large ma-
jority of the committee* that by the passage of this
bill the safety of the Union will be placed beyond
j the reach of agitation, and that the question, and
the only question, which now threatens to endanger
it, may be, not immediately but ultimately  put
at rest forever.
The bill was then read a first ,time and unani-
mously ordered to be printed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 19, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FARRELLY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Committee on Patents was yester-
day authorized to send for persons and papers
the investigation of the charges preferred against
the Commissioner of Patents. Agreed to.
On motion ofMr. FARRELLY, the Committee
on Patents were authorized to employ a clerk.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to which was referred the
bill of the House for the relief of certain citizens
of Lowndes county,Mississippi,reported the same
back to the House without amendment.
On motion, the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. E. also reported from the same committee
a bill supplementary to an act entitled " An act sup-
plementary to an act entitled v An act to encourage
the introduction and promote the cultivation of
tropical plants,' " approved $th July, 1838. Read'
and committed.
Also, from the same committee, the following
bills: To grant land to the inhabitants of town-
ship eighteen, north of ranges one and two, west
of the fourth principal meridian of the State of Illi-
nois, for school purposes; to grant other lands in
lieu of the sixteenth section to the school commis-
sioners of township two north, range nine, west of
the fourth principal meridian, in the county of
Adams, State of Illinois; to grant to the trustees
of township thirty-eight north, of range five east,
in the county of Elkhart, State of Indiana, so much
public land as may, with the fractional sixteenth
section therein, make up an entire section; whicR
bills were severally read three times, passed, and
sent to the Senate for concurrence.
Also, from the same committee, adverse reports
on the resolutions and memorial of the Legislature
of Louisiana, and on the petitions of certain citi-
zens of Barry and Hickman counties, Missouri.;
and on the petition of citizens of Hardin county,,
Illinois, praying the passage of a law permitting
the selection of other lands in lieu of the sixteenth
sections for school purposes. Laid on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, from the same committee,
to which was referred Senate bill to confirm the
location and to grant a quarter-section of public
land for the county site of Hillsborough county,
Florida, reported the same back without amend-
ment.
The-bill was then read the third time, passed,
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referred the bill to grant a
quantity of land to the State of Mississippi, for the
purpose of improving the navigation of certain
rivers in that State, reported the same back to the
House without amendment. Laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee,, a bill to grant
the right of way through the public land m the
State of Alabama to the Girard Railroad Company
in said State. Read twice and committed-
Subsequently, Mr. WENTWORTH moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was commit-
ted. Agreed to.
The question was stated on ordering the bill to
be engrossed.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved to strike out
the third section. Disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and,
being engrossed, was read the third time and
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roards, to which was referred
Senate bill for the relief of William B. Stokes, re-
ported the same back without amendment. Com-
mitted. '
Mr. LINCOLN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to establish certain post routes.
Mr. L. explained" that this was precisely the
same bill that had heretofore been reported by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads-es-
tablishing certain post routes, with the exception
of a proviso which had been added at the end, in
these words:
PiOvidcJ, That nothina in tfti* act contained shall be so
construed as to express any opinion as to the true boundary
of any State or Territory named therein.
The bill was read twice, and amended by insert-
ing provisions for routes in New Jersey and New
York.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut,- moved the
