1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
previous question, which was seconded; and, un-
der the operation thereof, the bill was read the
third time, passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the same com-
mittee, to which was "referred Senate bill for the
relief of Alfred White, reported the same back to
the House without amendment.
The bill was read a third time and passed, and
returned to the Senate.
Mr. CHAPMAN", from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, to which was referred Senate
bill to authorize the sale of a part of the public
reservation numbered 13, in the city of Washing-
ton, and for other purposes, reported the same
back to the House with an amendment.
The amendment was read ancLagreed to.
[The bill provides for the enlargement of the
Congressional Burial Ground.]
Some conversation ensued on the bill between
Messrs. SAWYER, CHAPMAN, and FICK-
LIN.
The bill was then read a third time and passed,'
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to make
such rules and regulations, consistent with existing laws, as
may more pffeetually provide'again^t frauds upon soldiers of
the war with Mexico, and secure to them the lands and treas-
ury scrip to which they are entitled by their services.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill from the Senate for the relief of
-Messrs. Cook, Anthony, Mahon, and others, re-
ported the same back to the House without amend-
ment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which they
were referred, Senate bills for the relief of the So-
ciety for the Reformation of Juvenile Delinquents
in the city of New York, and for the relief of the
Central Railroad and Banking Company of Geor-
gia; which bills were severally read a third time
and passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked the House to
take up the bill reported by him some time since,
giving full effect to treaties of extradition, on \yhich
a short discussion ensued between Messrs. J. R.
INGERSOLL, SAWYER, and FICKL1N. The
latter gentleman objecting, the bill was not taken
up,
Mr. HALL, of New York, from the same com-
mittee, reported bills to amend th$ act entitled "An
act for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States." approved April 30, 179U, and
providing for the purchase an& distribution of
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States among the several States; which bills were
read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to establish a judicial district m
the western district of Arkansas, reported the same
back to the House without amendment. It was
laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to ,which was
referred Senate bills to change the time of holding
the terms of the circuit court of the United States
in the district of Maine, and to vest the title of the
United States in the purchasers of certain lands
sold under execution against Gordon D. Boyd, re-
ported the same back to the House without amend-
ment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill to divide the district of Arkan-
sas into two judicial districts, reported the same
back to the House with amendment. Commit-
ted.
Mr. MEADE, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of Henry Gardner and others.
Read and committed.
Also, from the same committee, made a report
on the petition of Francis P. Fenaid, administrator
of Francis Pap, recommending that the bill of the
Senate for the relief of Peter Cassels and others
be amended so as to embrace his case. Laid on
the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill to provide compensation to
William Woodbridge and Henry Chipman, for
services in ad justing titles to land in Michigan, and
for other purposes, reported the same back to the
House without amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill to change the place of holding
the district court of the United States for the mid-
dle district of Alabama, reported the same without
amendment.
Some conversation took place on the bill between
Messrs. GAYLE, INGE, and HILLIARD.
Mr. BURT moved the previous question; which
was seconded, and under the operation thereof the
bill was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, made adverse
reports on the petitions of Nathaniel Tracy and
of the heirs of Jonathan Hoge. Laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. KING, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims were discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions of Lieutenant
Jonathan Smith; Mary Scott, administratrix of
Lieutenant John C. Scott, deceased; Elijah W.
Brown; and of the heirs of Willis Wilson. Laid
on the table.
Mr. IYERSON, from the same committee, re-
ported bills for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Captain Charles Smith, and for the relief
of the legal representatives or heirs of Captain
John Mountjov. Read and committed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Mary M. Telfair,
heir and legal representative of Israel Pearce.
Read and committed.
Mr. MORRIS, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Dennis Pur-
cell. Laid on the table.
Mr. TOMPKINS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to which was referred the
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House
supplemental to an act to confirm the survey and
location of claims for lands in the State of Missis-
sippi east of Pearl river and south of the 31st de-
gree of north latitude, approved March 3d, 1845,
reported the same back to the House, with the
recommendation that the House concur in said
amendment.
The amendment was read and concurred in. So
the bill stands passed.
Mr. RUMSEY, from the same committee, to
which was referred Senate bill for the relief of Jesse
Turner, reported the same back to the House with-
out amendment. Committed.
Also, from the same committee,madman adverse
report on the petition of George W. Kincaid. Laid
on the table.
Mr. SLINGERLAND,from the Committee on
Agriculture, made a report on the subject of the
cultivation of the soil, and agriculture generally.
Laid on the table.
Mr PALFREY, from the same committee, to
which was referred so much of the annual message
of the President as relates to agriculture, made a
report thereon. Laid on the tables-
Mr. BA RRINGER, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the joint reso-
lution of the Senate to sanction an agreement made
between the Wyandot and Delaware tribes of In-
dians, for the purchase of certain lands by the
former of the latter tribe, reported the same back
to the House without amendment.
The joint resolution was then read the third time
and passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. BARRINGER also, from the same com-
mittee, to which was referred the joint resolution
of the Senate for the relief of H. B. Gaither, re-
ported the same back to the House without amend-
ment. Committed.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the
consideration of the petition of citizens of the city
and county of Philadelphia for the civilization arid
preservation of the Indians, and it was laid on the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of the late William Armstrong.
Read and committed.
Mr. McILVAINE reported the following reso-
lution, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Piintin<* beinstructed to
inquire into the expediency of printing ten thoui-aiid addi-
tional copies of the leport from the Committee on Indian
Affairs m relation to the organization of an Indian teintory
west of the Mississippi river.
Mr. BOTTS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred Senate bill for the
payment of the fourth regiment in the second bri-
gade of the third division of the Vermont militia
for services at the battle of Plattsburg, reported the
same back to the House without amendment.
Committed.
On motion of Mr. BURT," the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged' from the consid-
eration of the petition of the old fourth regiment of
New York militia, and it was laid on the table. -
Mr. KING, of Georgia, fVom the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which was referred Senate biH
for the increase of the medical corjis of the navy,
reported the' same "back to 'the House without
amendment. Committed.
Mr. HOLMES, of Smith Carolina, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the creation
and appointment of admirals in the navy of the
United States. ' Read and committed.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee,, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Jacob Boston. Read
and committed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill directing the Secretary of the
Navy to purchase from Dr. James P. Espy his
patent right for the conical ventilator for the use
of the United States, reported the same back to the
House without amendment. Committed.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to indemnify the officers and crews of
vessels of war of the United States navy forlosses
by shipwreck, fire, and otherwise. Read and com-
mitted.
Mr. S. LAWRENCE, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the re-
lief of certain surviving widows of officers and sol-
diers of the revolutionary army.
The bill was read twice.
Mr. SILVESTER moved to amend the bill by
adding after " eighteen hundred," the words " and
twelve;" so as to bring down the period of restric-
tion to the year 1812, prior to which a widow
claiming the benefit of pension must have been
married.
After giving a brief history of what had previ-
ously been done on this subject, Mr. S. earnestly
urged the justice and expediency of the amend-
ment. Thus amended, the bill would open a foun-
tain of good feeling, m which men of opposite
political opinions might dip their arrows and ren-
der them harmless. Around a bill like this, men
of all parties might gather in harmony and smoke
the calumet of peace. This remembrancer rev-
olutionary services was holy ground. It connected
itself with a modest and retiring class of individu-
als, and brought back to the mind the days of
"Washington and of his compatriots in arms—the
good old days of the infancy of our Republic, and
of the formation of that free and happy Govern-
ment under which we lived m safety; a Govern-
ment whose great principles of liberty had not
only given us protection and happiness, but were
making their way in other lands, and seemed des-
tined to pervade and bless the world. Congress
had spent large sums on matters of doubtful pro-
priety. Millions on millions had been lavished
m appropriations which the Constitution would
scarcely justify. We could appropriate by thou-
sands for an expedition to explore the Dead Sea.
Surely, the Government which could do this ought
not to refuse to extend its hand to the relief of a
few unpretending, helpless women, whose_ hus-
bands had heen the brave defenders of our rights.
Mr. S. here read from a report accompanying the
bill, which spoke of the gratitude of the country to
the soldiers of the Revolution. This, he admitted,
was true to a certain extent; but the relief had
come tardily, and did not come at all until many
of those who deserved it by their deeds of patriot-
ism had gone down to the silent grave; while
others had been paid in worthless Continental
money. He found that the first pension-law of a
general character had been passed in 1818; an-
other followed in 1620; and another in 1828.
these bills had been qualified foy conditions. The
first of til em required that the applicant for pen-
sion must first piove that he was m needy circum-
stances; the next required that he submit a sche-
dule of his property; and the last, that lie had
served during the whole war of Independence.
Thus it appeared that the first general pension law
was not passed until forty-nine years after the
peace, when very many of those who had won
our independence had dropped into the tomb.
Mr S was aware that this subject was not so
, attractive to the House as many others; but on
i account of the sacred character of its associations
' it ought to be received with favor. Why should
i this limitation as to the date of their marriage be
imposed on the pensions of these widows ul revo-
