956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
many of them believed to be unconstitutional? If
gentlemen chose to take the responsibility; if they
were disposed to prostitute the rules of the House
to party purposes, let the responsibility rest on
them. He now proposed to them, that there might
be no delay upon the passage of this bill—there
uhould be none interposed on the part of his
friends—that they should agree to reconsider the
votes on the passage of this bill and on ordering it
to be engrossed, and that itshould be recommitted
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with specific instructions to report forth-
with—it could be done in twenty minutes—a bill
containing every single section which the majority
of the committee had put in, leaving out the single
item relating to the Savannah river. Could any
gentleman object to that?
The gentleman from Ohio had told the House
that the action, of the Committee of Ways and
Means had been affirmed by several successive
votes of this House. His friend from Michigan
[Mr. McClelland] had well reminded the gentle-
man of the action of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. What was that action?
When the motion was made by his colleague [Mr.
Venable] to strike out this item, what was* the
voter There were not more than thirty-odd who
stood against striking it out; the committee were
nearly unanimous; and when it was brought into
this House, upon the call of the yeas and nays,
the action of the Committee of the Whole was
concurred in, and the item excluded. It was true,
on a succeeding day it was ascertained that there
was a clerical error, and, by the casting vote of the
Speaker, the amendment was rejected, and the
item restored by the extraordinary interposition
of the one-man power, about which gentleman
talked so much. By this means alone the appro-
priation was saved.
The SPEAKER interposed, and wished to be
allowed to state, that the Speaker had voted accord-
ing to the rules of the House, and not by any ex-
traordinary proceeding.
Mr. McKAY concluded by saying that he would
now, or when it was in order, propose to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with instructions to repoit the
same back to the House, with the exception of the
single paragiaph relative to the Savannah river.
The question still remaining on the motion to
reconsider—
Mr. HUDSON remarked that the gentleman
from North Carolina had told them that this whole
proceeding was very extraordinary in its character,
and had appealed to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.to answer whether he had
e\er known a parallel case. He, (Mr. H.,) of
course, was not acquainted with the proceedings
of the House to the extent his friend was. He
could not, therefore, speak of the gentleman's ex-
perience. But he could speak of his own experi-
ence and observation; and, as far as they extended,
he ventured to say they corresponded with the
experience and observation of gentlemen who had
been there twice or three times as long. He ad-
mitted that this'case was extraordinary in its char-
acter. In the first place, it was rather an extraor-
dinary circumstance, that, by somewhat fortunate
or unfortunate circumstances, his party should
happen to have a majority of the House merely
nominal, when the minority (if minority it were)
were the friends of the Administration, and when
they in fact had a majority in every other branch
of the Government but the House of Representa-
tives. The proceedings in this case were extraor-
dinary in other respects. He had never seen a
minority here, whether friendly or opposed to the
Administration, throwing themselves in solid pha-
lanx, as gentlemen on the other side had done this
morning, against an appropriation bill which they
knew was necessary to be passed in order to carry
on the Government.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, desired to coirect
the gentleman's statement. There were gentlemen
on his side of the House—and he was among the
number—who had voted for this bill, and against
laying the motion to reconsider 011 the table, and
had given every vote they had been called upon to
give for passing the appropriations necessary to
sustain the Government.
Mr. HUDSON wished to do justice to the other
side of the House. As a body, as a party, almost
in a solid phalanx, they had voted as he had ex-
pressed; and there were even some of the gentle-
men, who were members of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who had given their votes with
the majority on that side. He did not intend to
say there were not exceptions, and the gentleman
from Michigan no doubt was one.
The gentleman from North Carolina had also
excused the course pursued by his friends on that
side of the House by saying that this amendment
in relation to the Savannah river had been intro-
duced into the bill contrary to the rules of the
House, and that, although the rule required them
to confine themselves in the general appropria-
tion bills to appropriations already authorized by
law, and to refrain from anything like general
legislation. Now, he presumed it was well known
to all those who had paid any attention at all to
the subject, that his friend from North Carolina,
when chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, had introduced more provisions of a gen-
eral character—more of general legislation into the
general appropriation bills—than all others which
had been introduced since the establishment of the
Government;and he knew that during the present
session the gentleman had been an advocate for the
same policy, and, instead of differing from the com-
mittee m wishing to go beyond the mere appropri-
ations of money, the gentleman had, in the House
and everywhere, gone beyond him who had gone
farthest in introducing general legislation into ap-
propriation bills. Proviso after proviso was found
in all the appropriation bills which had been passed
while the gentleman was chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McKAY explained that the object of every
single proviso which had been introduced into any
of the appropriation bills reported while he was at
the head of that committee, was either to limit or
to regulate the expenditures of the public money.
There was not one which at all involved the prin-
ciple of this amendment. They had always made
it a rule—and they had even left oat a great many :
clerks on this ground—never to put in any appro- ■
priation not authorized by law. Many of these
appropriations which the gentleman found in the
bill had been put in by the Senate.
Mr. HUDSON had also been informed—and
his recollection corresponded with the fact—that
not only in this bill, where it was pretended there
wa3 something unconstitutional in the provision
for internal improvements, but in the navy appro-
priation bill, where there was no such question of
constitutionality, gentlemen on the other side of
the House had pursued the same course in voting
against the bill.
But another thing. The gentleman from North
Carolina, in the last Congress, when chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, upon a com-
mittee of conference, agreed to introduce into the
civil and diplomatic appropuation bill the sum of
$3,000,000 to be paid to Mexico, which was cer-
tainly as foreign from a civil appropriation bill as
the improvement of the Savannah river was to the
bill now under consideration; and certainly if it
was constitutional to appropiiate three millions to
buy worthless territory m Mexico, to be a bone
of contention in this House and the country, he
should think it equally constitutional to remove
obstructions which the Government itself had
placed in a river in our own country.
Mr. McKAY said the three million appropri-
ation was made in a separate bill, and was not the
subject of a confeience at all.
Mr. HUDSON was aware of all the facts in
relation to the bill. He knew it had passed this
House with a certain proviso which gentlemen
wished to get rid of; and, as a member of this
House upon a committee of conference, the gen-
tleman with his colleague agreed to put it into the
civil and diplomatic bill, that in that way they
might get rid of the proviso. He spoke advisedly.
He knew what the facts were. It was a separate
bill which was passed; and the gentleman agreed
to take up this sepaiate bill, which had passed one
branch, and leave out one important piovision,
and put the appropriation into the general appro-
priation bill, in the grossest violation of the rule.
Mr. McKAY inquired if he understood the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts as charging that he,
(Mr. McK.,) as a member of any committee of
conference, had agreed to any report, which report
had subsequently been submitted to the House,
by which the three millions of dollars were put
into the general apppropnation bill r
Mr. HUDSON replied that he had not said that
the appropriation was reported to this House. He
had said it was agreed to in committee, and would
have been reported if that gentleman had not been
informed, that if he was guilty of an outrage like
that, the civil appropriation bill would not be
Mr. McKAY. Were you a member1 of that
committee?
Mr. HUDSON replied, that he knew the facts;
and he asked the gentleman if what he said was
not true? He could bring two men who would
take their oath that it was.'
Mr. McKAY. Bring as many as you please.
I am not going to tell what took place m the com-
mittee of conference. 1 admit that proposition was
discussedj but was never passed upon; and I hold
the three million bill in my hand, by which that
appropriation was made in a separate bill.
Mr. HUDSON had said nothing that he wished
to qualify or take back. He had said it was not
reported to this House, but he had the express
declaration of a member of that committee that the
agreement was made in the committee, in the even-
ing, to report the appropriation the next morning,
and it was only in consequence of the fact that he
had stated that the committee came together—a
portion of them—and reconsidered their doings.
Mr. McKAY*ssaid that the conferees never
agreed to any such thing. It was the subject of
conversation with them.
Mr. HUDSON stated that he had the declara-
tion of responsible witnesses to the contrary. He
would ask the gentleman if .he did not advocate
and vote in the committee of conference fos incor-
porating this $3,000,000 appropriation into the
general appropriation bill?
Mr. McKAY. I do not recollect about that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HUDSON said, the gentleman ha$alluded,
in the course of his remarks, to the one-man power
which had been exercised here this morning. He
had information from one or two sources, that
there was another one-man power which might be;
felt if this bill passed m its present form, and that
it was held up to members of this House to in-
fluence them to vote for the recommitment of this
bill, that this objcctionablc feature might be stricken
out. Now, he was willing, for one, to vote for
the bill as it now stood. He would vote to carry
the bill through; and he hoped that gentlemen who
were in favor of giving the Government the neces-
sary means to carry on its operations, and that
every one who was in favor of a system of internal -
improvements, would stand by and help to pass'
this bill, with the item for the Savannah river in it;
and if the President or' the United States wanted to
exercise his one-man power and return the bill
with his objections, let him do it. He was per-
fectly prepared to meet that case, and when it came
up, he would pursue that course of policy which
he thought wisest and best. He was not to be
intimidated by the Executive threats, if they came
by authority. That functionary might intimate
to members of this House, or might send his
Cabinet ministers here, as he had done heretofore,
to electioneer for him; for himself, he was disposed
to exercise his own judgment, and to v,ote for every
bill which the interests of the country demanded,
notwithstanding the President might be disposed
to send down in advance intimations that he should
object to it. If the Executive saw fit to exercise
his constitutional right to veto this appropuation
bill, let him take the responsibility if he dared. It
\*as said he would do it; but he would not do it.
He undoubtedly would not veto a bill of this de-
scription. Did any one suppose that the President
of the United States, at the close of a long session,
when appropriations were necessary, and large
appropriations, to carry on the Government, would
take the responsibility of vetoing an appropriation
bill because there was one item in it which lie did
not exactly ap.piove?
Mr. TURNER inquired if that clause was not
put in and continued m the bill with the view of
provoking a veto, or of placing the President in an
inconsistent position'
Mr. HUDSON replied that he could not answer
for other gentlemen in the House who had voted
for that measure, but he could say for himself that
the thought had never come into his mind. The
suggestion had not been made in the Committee of
Ways and Means, directly or indirectly, to his
knowledge; and according to his best belief, (for
he knew nothing of the fact,) it had no place in
