960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20.
appropriation because other matters different from
this were put in them; and for his colleague, who
was a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Toombs,] who had thisltem putin the
bill, not for a veto but to get the money, he would
state that he agreed in some points with the gentle-
man from Virginia in opposing a general system
of internal improvements, but not on constitutional
grounds. That colleague happened to be absent
to-day, or he (Mr. S.) knew he would answer for
himself, and state most-explicitly that his object
was not to provoke a veto .'by putting this item in
*the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill; but'it
was to disconnect this case from other harbor im-
provements which stood upon entirely different
grounds. He knew this was the object of his col-
league, and that thi3 was the history or the true
reason for this apppropriation in this bill.
Mr. McCLELLAND inquired if the gentle-
man's colleague was not in favor of separating this
item from this bill, that the merits of every such
item should be discussed by itself?
Mr. STEPHENS said it was not necessary that
he should go into a detail of the views of his col-
league on the subject of internal improvements, as
probably before the adjournment his colleague
would speak for himseif. But he was satisfied
that his colleague had no'doubt of the constitution-
ality of improving harbors for the benefit of the
people of this Union. If they coujd not legislate
upon this subject, what sort of a Government had
they? He repeated that he knew his"colleague
wag opposed to a large, unlimited, and extrava-
gant system of internal improvements, as he was
himself, but that he had always disconnected this
case from others.
And how, what was the argument of the gentle-
man from Virginia ? He said this did not differ
from other cases, because these obstructions were
put into this river by the Government before the
adoption of the Federal Constitution. This was
the ground on which the gentleman made this case
analogous to all others, and wished to get rid of
the obligation resting on them to make the re-
moval. Now he (Mr. S.) intended to show that
it was but a quibble to say that these obstructions
were put there before the adoption of the pres-
ent Constitution, and that therefore this appro-
priation for their removal was unconstitutional.
He supposed from this argument that if this Gov-
ernment should putin such obstructions, this Gov-
ernment could take them out; though he did not
know but that it might be contended that if this
Government should now, in time of war, put m
such obstructions, it could not again remove them.
Was he to argue such a question as that? He ap-
pealed to the gentleman from Virginia, and asked
if he entertained such constitutional opinions as
that this Government could block up the mouth of
a river for the national defence, but that it-could
not afterwards remove such obstructions ? No gen-
tleman could entertain such opinions. The gentle-
man from Virginia, speaking of the President, said
that he would not longer terrify this side by allu-
ding to the Executive veto. Now,he had not kno/wn
that side of the House ever quailed or became ter-
rified at any threat of the Executive, nor had he
heard on that side of the House until this morning
that the President would veto this bill if this item
was inserted; and yet, as the representative of
American freemen, if by message of the Execu-
tive, or communication from any of his minions,
such a threat should be made, he (Mr. S.) would
maintain his rights, and vote for it notwithstand-
ing. No threat of the Executive would have any
terror for that side of the House, and Mr. S. would
fain hope that it would have no influence with the
other side. During the revolutionary war these
obstructions were put into this river in part by our
officers and m part by the British, and he main-
tained that it rested with the Government to remove
them; and it rested not solely on construction,hut
on the plain terms of the Constitution; for by the
Constitution the new Government assumed all the
obligations of the old Confederation. But this
assumption in effect would have been made by the
change, even without the express provision. When
the government of any people passed from one form
to another, or from the hands of one to another,
those who come last to the exercise of its powers
take the government, cum onere. Suppose we had
not adopted the Constitution, and that the States
had remained as a Confederated Republic, would
any gentleman doubt that it was the duty of the
Federal Government to remove the obstructions
from that river? He could not argue such a ques-
tion as this. He believed the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was a lawyer, and sometimes spoke from the
book; and he asked him if, in such a case, the duty
would have rested upon the Confederation to make
the removal, did it not now devolve on the present
Government to discharge this old obligation ? He
was astonished, then, to hear gentlemen say it was
unconstitutional, because those obstructions had
been placed there before the adoption of the pres-
ent Constitution. Sovereignty^ might be trans-
ferred, but the incoming Government took with it
all the trusts and responsibilities, rights and obli-
gations of the old Government under the Confed-
eracy. No principle in public law or the laws of
nations was plainer or better settled.
He wished to call the attention of the House
and of the country to the fact that the civil and
diplomatic bill for the support of the Government
was rejected because it contained an item for the
improvement of the Savannah river, when all the
other items were called for by the Executive, and
the Committee of Ways and Means. And what
was that item? He here read the item appropria-
ting $50,000 for the removal of obstructions in th^j§
Savannah river, near Fort Pulaski and-the naval
anchorage, ana said they were told by the other
side of the House that if this item were retained
in this bill it would be vetoed by the President.
Although no gentleman had authority to say so,
the gentleman from Virginia said he had no doubt
of it. Now, was not this an extraordinary spec-
tacle to present to the country, when the Chief
Magistrate of this "Uguon undertook to say to the
Representatives of the People that the wheels of
Government should stop if they dared exercise
one of their rights, and make an appropriation to
remove obstructions from a river which the Gov-
ernment had put there itself? The gentleman from
Virginia told them he came to this conclusion from
the general knowledge he had of the President's
previous vetoes. Consequently, the wheels of the
Government must stop if they did that which was
necessary to the naval marine of the country, as
well as necessary for the promotion of the interests
of commerce. The gentleman from Virginia said
the President could not allow his conscience to be
violated by approving a bill containing such an
item for one of our own rivers or one of our own
harbors, and yet the President could approve a
survey of the Dead Sea. He did not speak au-
thoritatively; but he asked the gentleman from
Virginia if it were not so, if the President had not
approved of the survey of the harbors of that dis-
tant inland sea?
Mr. BAYLY said he was able to speak some-
what with authority on this subject, and he could
say that the President has ordered no such thing.
Permission was asked by some of our naval officers
to make a scientific exploration on their own ac-
count. It was done without any direction or con-
trol whatever of the department; and permission
was given them to do that which was often done
when officers were on foreign stations: to make
short excursions ftr the examination of objects
which would tend to enlighten them and the
world.
Mr. STEPHENS, then, understood the gentle-
man from Virginia to say that they were not sent
out, but that, on their application, permission was
given them to survey the Dead Sea.
Mr. BAYLY. Not to survey it; that would
depend upon the sense in which the gentleman
used the word survey. The word survey might
have different meanings. And Mr. B. said some-
thing of the sense of the word in the stanza of
" I am monarch of all I survey," |
which was not distinctly heard.
Mr. STEPHENS replied that the sense in which j
he used the word was to examine, explore, make
observations, &c. But he did not know but that
he was wrong; and that the gentleman had just
given the sense in which the President used it.
He certainly was actuated by some such feelings
and views, when he cast his eyes over the Terri-
tories of New Mexico and California, and made a
survey of them. All his acts then spoke one plain
language: |
"I am monarch of all X eurvev, ;
My right there is none to depute; |
From the centrc all round to the >ea, I
I am lord of the (owl and the brute." I
Perhaps it was with the same feeling he was'j
now making tjhls survey of the Dead Sea. And
while he denies all-right in Congress to do any-
thing for the improvement of our rivers and har-
bors, he could approve the expenditure of thou-
sands of dollars out of the public treasure in making
surveys, examinations, and explorations after the
lost cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Such was the
conscience of our President. He could expend the
public treasure in exploring other dimes, but could
not allow Congress to spend one dollar in improv-
ing our own.
Mr. BAYLY said something further in inter-
ruption about jurisdiction, not heard.
Mr. S. said he did not believe that Lieutenant
Colonel Fremont claimed the jurisdiction of the
country when he made his exploring journey into
California; nor did Captain Gillespie. They were,
however, despatched there by authority, their ex-
penses were paid out of our treasury, and they
soon created a revolution, and presented the sin-
gular spectacle of offers of this Goverment, in
the pay of the Government# commencing war with
and revolutionizing a neighboring country, with-
out any authority of law save the will of the Pres-
ident. But his question had been, Who bore the
expenses of this expedition to the Dead Sea? Did
they or did they not come out of the treasury ?
Did the officers concerned pay the expense out of
their own pockets? Did they pay for the building
of the peculiar sort of boats necessary for-the ex-
ploration, and which, as he had been informed,
'were built in thi? country? Were they not built
and sent out at the public charge ? Mr. S. did not
know the fact, but he had been so informed. And
was this the excuse, the palliation that the friends
of the President offered for the tenderness of the
conscience of the President, which would prevent
him from allowing us to appropriate a few thou-
sand dollars to remove obstructions'in one of our
own rivers which our Government had heln&kta
put there for the national defence during th^war
of the Revolution? He coufd build boats for an
exploration of the Dead Sea, it seems, without au-
thority of law, but his conscience was quite too
tender to allow of his permitting the people's rep-
resentatives to provide for the removal of obstruc-
tions which were put in one of our own harbors
by the officers of our Government, and by which,
in part, they were enabled to achieve our inde-
pendence! His tender conscience did not prevent
him from claiming all the powers of a conquering
monarch over foreign territory, nor from prosecu-
ting explorations of distant seas in the East, at the
expense of the people of the United States; but at
home, here at our own doors, his conscience would
not allow him to sanction the appropriation of a
dollar for the benefit of the commerce of our own
people, or the safety of our own navy in coming
to anchor in one of our-own ports!
Mr. BAYLY said he did not admit that the ex-
pense of this exploration of the Dead Sea had
come out of the treasury.
Mr. STEPHENSsaid he understood that ithad.
He understood from the gentleman at the head of
the Naval Committee [Mr. T. B. King] that the
boats provided for that expedition were paid for
out of the treasury; so he was informed; beyond
that he could not go. But, even if the expenses
of the boats did not come out of the treasury, the
officers concerned in it were in the pay of the Gov-
ernment, and were engaged in the enterprise by
the permission of the President.
Mr. BAYLY inquired how the chairman of the
Naval Committee knew that such was the fact?
Mr.T. BUTLER KING (chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs) said he knew nothing
more than uhat he learned from common report.
[Voices: "Oh! ah!"] Gentlemen need not cry
"oh" and " ah" quite so soon. [Laughter.]' He
did know, from very high authority, that the out-
fit necessary to that exploration had been made at
the expense of the Government. These officers
must have taken out the requisite boats and nauti-
cal and astronomical instruments to complete the
examination; and while so engaged, they were of
course under pay as officers of the Government.
The gentleman from Virginia did not certainly
question this.
Mr. BAYLY said he did greatly question it.
Mr. KING observed, what he said was, that
this service was performed by permission of the
department.
Mr. RHETT. Had not these gentlemen gone
out on this expedition on their own account?
