THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
Mr. KING said he did not -understand that they
had gone on their own account.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Would the gentleman
from Georgia undertake to say that they were or-
dered on that service by the Government?
Mr. KING. I have riot said that. I said they
were permitted.
Mr. RHETT inquired from what source the
gentleman had derived this information?
Mr. KING- replied, from the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. RHETT. The Secretary of the Navy toid
you so?
Mr. KING. He told me so, himself.
Mr. BAYLY said he was himself a member of
the Naval Committee. He had gone to the de-
partment, and had there inquired into the precise
state of the case.
Mr. KING said he brought no charge against
the Secretary of the Navy on this account. He
had only said that the expedition was permitted
by the department.
Mr. GENTRY wished to inquire from the hon-
orable chairman whether a public vessel, belong-
ing to the United States, ever left this country on
a distant expedition without orders from the de-
partment5
Mr. KING replied that none ever did.
Mr. GENTRY said these officers must have
ft ad orders, or they never would have gone
there.
Mr. SCHENCK here referred to a speech of j
his own, in which he had been commenting on the j
inconsistency of the Executive Government in i
sending out an expedition to explore the Dead Sea,
and at the same time refusing to sanction the im-
provement of our own rivers and harbors. He
had gone afterwards to the Navy Department,
where the Secretary explained to him the whole
affair. The explanation given was, that certain
naval officers had expressed their willingness and
desire to make the exploration, and he had given
them permission to do so, because he considered
that the result would be a desirable acquisition to
science. Mr. S. said he had further learned—he
was not sure it was from the Secretary; it might
ha^e been from other sources; he certainly had
seen it stated iri the newspapers—that boats of
easy transportation had been prepared, and the
instructions were published, under which these
■officers had been engaged in making the requisite
preparations for the exploration. Mr. S. had him-
self never alluded to it; for he was not of opinion
that the thing was at all wrong, but the contrary.
What he complained of was, that while it was
held to be all right and proper, and quite constitu-
tional to carry on such an exploration in the con-
tinent of Asia, it was supposed to be the greatest
heresy to permit a river or a harbor in our own
country to be examined and improved.
Mr. BAYLY said that he had seen the instruc-
tions alluded to, and knew all about it.
Mr. STEPHENS said that all this eager con-
troversy, which had for some time been going on
all round him, amounted to nothing at all. It !
seemed that, whenever he addressed the House, |
the disposition to interrupt, and to make inquiries
and explanations, became contagious.
Mr. SCHENCK (in his seat) said it was be-
cause he stirred them up.
Now, sir, (continued Mr. STEPHENS,) it is
wholly immaterial, for the purpose to which I al-
luded to this affair, whether the officers paid for
their copper boats and outfit or not. They are
en2;ae:ed in this service,! understand to be admitted,
by the permission of the Secretary of the Navy,
•and their regular salaries are paid out of the treas-
ury while engaged in this service. The main ;
question here was, whether officers of our navy, |
while in the pay of the Government, had engaged j
in the survey of the Dead Sea with the knowledge |
and consent of the President? It was not to be ]
expected that our naval officers, when they left our :
own shores, carried with them specific orders and I
directions as to where they were to go from day ;
to day, and just at what points they were to stop; !
but wherever they went, while on a cruise, they I
61
SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1848.
were held to be constructively m the service of the
Government. .That was the point. Mr. S. did
not complain if the money of the people had been
appropriated for the advancement of the cause of
science and the enlightenment of the people. If
such results should ensue from the exploration of
the Dead Sea, and our officers could secure them
| without detriment to the public service, he had no
, complaint against it. He agreed with what the
! gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] said, that
! this might all he very proper; but he did complain
that the President of the United States, who knew
! of and permitted such an exploration m a distant
; country, could turn upon our own people and say
, that it was right and proper to explore distant seas,
; but you cannot improve your own, and withhold
from them the money intended to be applied to the
advancement of the national prosperity and the
improvement of our own great natural advantages.
What good would it do the people of the United
States to explore the Dead Sea, in comparison to
the opening of the great highways for their own
commerce? Gentlemen on the other side of the
House seemed to have taken the President's con-
science into their own peculiar keeping, and they
would not consent to pass any measure in this
House which they supposed his conscience or his
caprice might lead him to oppose. Mr. S. must
call these conscientious scruples nothing but a ca-
price. If not, why were instructions given, in the
negotiation of the late treaty, to secure the right of !
Wciy at Tehudiilepec ? Where was the constitu-
tional provision that authouzed the President to
insert a condition like that in a treaty between the
United States and a foreign Power? And why
was the right of way desired, if it could not be im-
proved and rendered available?
But why did Mr. S. stand here talking about
the constitutional scruples of a man who had done
little else then trample the Constitution beneath
his feet from the day of his inauguration to this
day; of a man who, in the very face of the Con-
stitution and against its plain letter, had involved
the nation in an unnecessary and expensive war
of aggression, invasion, and conquest; of a man
who arrogated to himself the absolute power of a
monarch over conquered provinces; of a man who
dated to establish a civil government by his own j
authority and his own officers upon soil which he I
claimed to be a part of one of the sovereign States of j
this Union; who laid duties, collected imposts, and j
expended large sums of money by orders in council, :
and without authority of law; of a man who could, 1
by the proclamation of a subaltern, change the alle- '
giance of a foreign people and declare them to be i
citizens of the United States, when this subject, by
the Constitution, was left to Congress to regulate? ,
This was the conscientious President, whose scru- !
pies we must look to in the discharge of our duty! 1
And when IVlr. S. and his constituents came here
and asked Congress for a few thousand dollars to
remove an obstruction placed by this Government
across the mouth of one of our own rivers, to open
a pathway for our own commerce, they were told j
his conscience was too tender to allow it! |
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, here interposed. He j
said he knew his friend from Georgia; he had j
served with him in committee; he wanted to ask :
the gentleman a question, and he thought it was
best to do it now, before his friend got any more
irritated. He knew that in ordinary times he was
a very courteous gentleman. Now, Mr. C. ex-
pected soon to get the floor, and he wanted to ]
know whether it would be permitted to him to take
a latitude like this on a motion for reconsideration5 j
He desired to know this now, that he might make '
the proper prepaiation beforehand for launching j
out into the Dead Sea. He would require some
time to fix up his barque if it was to go on so lonj: ,
a voyage as to the Dead Sea, which he believed j
was somewhere in Asia. :
Mr. STEPHEN'S stud he was for giving the
gentleman from Alabama full latitude; he might
launch his barque on a voyage to the Dead Sea, j
and might cross, if he could, the Isthmus of Te- j
huantepec: and if he was going to sustain Mr. I
Polk in vetoing this bill, he might as well at the I
New Series No. 61.
same time prepare for one other little voyage, and
that was up Salt river.
Mr. COBB said that he just wanted time to ex-
plain that he had voted against this appropriation
bill, simply because it contained this item for clear-
ing out Savannah river.
Mr. STEPHENS would say to the gentleman,
that he had better take some time if he was going to
satisfy his constituents for voting to negative the
general appropriation bill for the support of Govern-
ment; and more particularly if he hoped to justify
it from the fact that it contained an appropriation
for removing from the mouth of the Savannah
river obstructions which had been placed in it by
this Government.
When interrupted by the gentleman from Ala-
bama he had been speaking, he believed, about the
conscience of the Executive; of a man who had
outraged the Constitution in every conceivable
form, and then pleaded his constitutional scruples
whenever any money was to be applied to the im-
provement of any part of our own country.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had
reminded him that Congress had permitted the
State of Georgia to levy tonnage duties for the
improvement of Savannah river. No doubt it had.
That act, however, Mr. S. believed, became obso-
lete by its own limitation twenty years ago. But
Mr. G., as a Georgian, was opposed to Georgia's
doingany such thing. Why should Georgia tax the
commerce of one of her cities to remove obstruc-
tions which the General Government had sunk at
the mouth of her liver ?
Mr. BAYLY inquired whether Georgia had not
asked permission of Congress to do this?
Mr. STEPHENS replied that she had. That
Georgia had passed, in 1787, before the formation
of her constitution, an act laying tonnage duties
for this purpose, and after the Constitution was
adopted and the new government went into opera-
tion, it became necessary to get the consent of
Congress, which was given, but which was now
obsolete by its own limitation. But Mr. S. said
he was opposed to the policy of that act.
[Here some in quiries passed between Mr. COBB,
of Georgia, and his colleague, as to changes in
party politics within their State, and when these
changes had taken place, and a good-natured hit
or two was given which the reporter did not quite
comprehend.]
Mr. S. said he had been opposed to this policy
of levying tonnage duties by State authority.
There was no right, no justice in it, that the com-
merce of the people of Georgia should be subjected
to taxation for the removal of obstructions, which
not the hand of Nature, but the hand of this Gov-
ernment had placed in the principal river of the
State. The presence of these obstructions, by
lessening the depth of wafer on the bar, had had
an injurious effect upon the commercial prosper-
ity of the city of Savannah. Charleston, her rival,
was very near, having a decided advantage over
her in point of capital. And what had given her
this advantage? These very obstructions in the
Savannah had doubtless contributed. The harbor
at Savannah was better than that at Charleston—
the depth of water over the bar was gieater. Be-
fore Government sunk these obstacles to prevent
the entrance of a hostile fleet, vessels of the largest
size could ride safely to the very wharves of the
[Here explanations passed between Mr. STE-
PHENS and Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina,
as to the soundings on their respective bais, which
created some merriment.]
There were truths so self-evident as to be ad-
mitted as axioms, because no reasoning would
strengthen their own irresistible impression, and
to which all rational minds were forced to gne
their assent. Thiswasonr. Government having
blockaded the river in time of war, Government had
not only a right to remove the obstructions when
they were no longer needed, but was under a high
moral obligation to do so. IfGeorgiashould remove
these obstructions at her own expense, she would
have a right to demand reimbursement from Una
Government. Whosoever blocks up a highway
