962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
must remove the obstacle, or have it done at his
expense—nothing clcarcr.
Mr. BURT inquired whether ony examination
had been made into the nature and state of these
obstructions, and any report made on the subject?
Mr. STEPHENS replied that there had.
Mr. BURT inquired at what time?
Mr. HUNT made an explanation in reply, and
stated, that at the last session an estimate for the
removal of these obstructions had been made by
the Executive through the Secretary of War.
Mr. STEPHENS also referred to the fact, and
read the estimate, for " removing obstructions at
the mouth of the Savannah river, and for a naval
anchorage near Fort Pulaski, $50,000." He had
the document here containing the recommendation
by the President of the United States. It was not
expressly mentioned in his message, but it was in
the estimates sent by him to the House. Under
these disadvantages, arising wholly from the action
of Government, it was not fair to put additional
burdens on the commerce of Savannah.
Mr. S. would, indeed, ask his colleagues on the
other side of the House, how, as Georgians, they
could reconcile it with their sense of duty to vote
against an appropriation for removing from a river
of Geoigia obstiuctions which the Government
Had placed theie? As to the constitutional power,
to Mr. S. it seemed perfectly useless to argue so
plain a question; no illustration could make the
point plainer nor stronger.
And now, sir, I ask, (said Mr. S.,) is this House
so degraded, so debased, so utterly degeneiate, as
to withhold this right, this nothing but bare justice,
from the people of Georgia—and not only them,
but the people of upper Alabama and Tennessee,
and still more distant parts—barely because they
fear it will not suit the conscience of the President
to allow it? This House has, by a large majority,
declared that Congress has the power to improve
harbors, to afford outlets to our commcrcc; but
this is a much stronger case: it barely asks that
you may abate your own nuisance. And can it he
possible that men will shrink from this high duty
from nothing but subserviency to Executive will'
Has the House of Representatives of an American
Congress sunk so low as to become nothing but
the registers of Presidential edicts? Sir, I tiust
we shall do our duty, let the President do as he
may.
For one, he was inclined to say, with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that the President
would not veto this bill. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayj,y] was of opinion that he would.
Mr. S. could not believe it. If he did mean to -veto
it, Mr. S. wanted him to avow it. He did not want
Executive threats to be uttered by Representatives
here, unless they were authorized. If the Execu-
tive was indeed prepared to take such a step, and
this was the platform of his party, that the wishes
of the people should not be suffered to prevail,
even at the risk of stopping the wheels of Govern-
ment, it was full time the American people should
know it. If the President vetoed the bill, he hoped
the country would then know what this % eto power
was. He trusted theie would be no quailing on
that side the House. He hoped the House would
array itself in defence of this feature in the hill,
and let the country know why it was that the Pres-
ident had dared to stop the wheels of Government.
Let the nation know whether i-ts Government was
to be arrested, and the public business brought to
a stand still, rather than have the Government take
from the mouth of an American river obstacles
which the Government itself had placed there!
The issue had been made by the gentleman fiom
North Carolina, [Mr. McKay.] Mr. S. w as pre-
pared to meet it, and to go before the country
upon it. He cared not if every Democrat in the
House opposed the bill; he was ready for the issue,
and would meet it anywhere and every whore,
before the people of his own State, and before the
people of the United States.
Mr. IVERSON next obtained the floor. He
said that he had not intended to open his mouth
on this subject, nor should he ha\e done so but
for the remarks of his colleague over the way,
[Mr. Stephens.] He had been absent during a
•artof thatgentleman's remarks, but he understood
ehad assumed that all his colleagues were m favor
of the constitutional power of the Federal Govern-
ment to engage in woiks of internal improvement.
If so, he was most egregiously in error.
Mr. STEPHENS said he had advanced no such
I
■ position. What he had said was, that he had
understood, at the last session, they were ali ready
| to have voted for this particular measure, and that
i they did vote for it whenever it had been proposed
< to be inserted as an amendment.
j Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said that his colleague
j was right in part, and wrong in part. Some of
his colleagues had voted, Mr. C. himself had, to
i put this item m a bill before the House, but he
I voted against the bill after the clause was inserted.
1 Mr. IVERSON resumed. He was not respon-
1 sible for any other gentleman; he could not answer
. as to what had or had not been done, but, for
; one, he did not believe in the constitutional power
i of Congress to engage in a system of internal im-
provements. Nor did he believe that this item for
, clearing out Savannah river constituted any excep-
tion. Whence did Congress derive such a power*
He was not going to enter on any lengthy argu-
, ment of the constitutional question, because it had
\ already been so fully and so ably discussed in the
; veto message of Mr. Polk, that if any man was
not convinced by a persual of that document,
, neither would he be convinced though one should
i rise from the dead. It was a standing monument
| of the wisdom and the courage of the Piesident,
i and would carry his name to posterity in characters
of living light, long after those of his puny assail-
: ants were lost m oblivion.
Why did this item for Savannah river form an
1 exception to the general rule of the want of power?
I It was said that the Government had put these ob-
1 structions in the river, and therefore the Govern-
; ment was bound to remove them. Was that true?
j Had these obstructions been placed there by any
, act of Congress or of the Confederation? Not at
| all. They had been sunk in the river by the officers
| who were in command at Savannah, in order to
I stop the Bntish fleet from approaching the city. ;
; For whose benefit had this been done? Clearly
, for the benefit of the city of Savannah and the peo-
i pie of Georgia.
Mr. BURT here said he had the report which
had been madeon this whole subject, and it came to
this: that those obstructions had been put thereby
1 the Americans, and by the British also.
Mr. IVERSON said he had not been aware of
that. It was now said that they had been put there
after the British got possession of Savannah, in
order to prevent the French fleet from coming up.
They weie not put in by this Government.
Mr. STEPHEN'S said a portion of theseohstruc-
1 tions had been placed in the river by the British to
prevent the Fiencii fleet from coming to the relief
i of our own people and restoring the town to the
possession of the Americans. Afterwards, that
: portion which had been put there by Americans
had been so placed to prevent the British fleet from
getting up the river. The main point Mr S. in-
sisted on was, that these obstructions, which now
were so injurious to the navigation of the Savannah
river, had been put there for the protection of the
city of Savannah in the time of the involution,
i Mr. IVERSON then said, if the fact was so, on
' whoso shoulders then rested the obligation to re-
1 move them ? On the shoulders of those for whose
benefit they had been placed there. Were they
put in the river for the benefit and protection of
the people of the United States? Not at all. Geor-
gia had long; since asked permission to levy tonnage
, duties for their removal, and for the improvement
of her rivers and harbors. Would his colleague
say that this request had not been made by his
party *
Mr. STEPHENS. Had his colleague snid that
these obstructions to the enhance of a foreign fleet
had been foi the exclusive benefit of Geoigia, and
1 not for that of the people of the whole Union >
Mr. IVERSON said he had not maintained that
position. The principal object of putting them
there had been the protection of Savannah itself.
The Government had given its assent that tonnage
duties might be levied by the Georgia Legislature
; to pay for clearing out the river. Who had asked
for that assent? His colleague had said that it
was not asked by the party to whHi he belonged.
Mr. I. would ask to what paity his colleague dal
, belong? Who had been his political piog;enitors>
! From what party did he spring? The old State-
rights party of Georgia. In 1833 that party hrd
published to the world a declaration of its prmci-
: pies—a practice which seeemed to have g;one out
of use now, in certain quarters. One of those prin-
. eiples was declared to be, that Congress had no
power to engage in works of internal improvement.
This was in 1833, and his colleague was a member
of that party which made the declaration.
Mr. STEPHENS said that in 1833 he had not
been a member of any party.
Mr. IVERSON said he was aware that the gen-
tleman was not grown up at that time.
Mr. STEPHENS said he believed that the
chiefs and sachems and headmen of that party
wete now leading men in the party of his col-
league.
Mr. IVERSON said the gentleman was mis-
taken. It was convenient sometimes to plead in-
fancy. [A laugh.] The two paities divided in
3832, and that to which Mr. I. belonged was in
favor of preserving the Union, and was known as
the Union party. The party to which his colleague
belonged was against it. They claimed, then, to be
strict constructionists, the State-rights party, and
Mr. I. had acted with them till they abandoned
their principles.
Mr. I. here went into a discussion of Georgia
parties and Georgia politics, in which much local
and personal leference was necessaiily involved,
and in which he and Mr. Stephens differed at
times as to facts; the chicf dispute seemed to be,
which of the two parties it was who had favored
the policy of applying to Congress for power to
levy tonnage duties, and to which of the p trties
Mr. Stephens was attached.
Mr. I. said his colleague might have been too
young to take an active part in the scenes of that
period, but at any rate he belonged to the party
who at that day were theadvocates of nullification,
Would the gentleman deny that? What was the
foundation of the nullification party in Georgia,
one of whom, an active member, now represented
the first Congressional districtofhis Stateupon this
floor? At that memorable period, the party with
which his colleague now acted had declared they
were willing to rend thisUnion becauseof the adop-
tion by Congress of the protective principles of the
tariff of 1828. The same party in 1632 were willing
to strangle liberty in its very infancy to get rid of
what they called an "odious," "unconstitution-
al," "oppressive," protective tariff. Now, where
did the party of the honorable gentleman stand?
In Georgia they were the open, truckling advocates
of this very system, following at the tail of then-
Northern manufacturing allies. Yes, that party
had abandoned every political principle which had
ever divided the two great parties of this country,
and to which they had formerly been so much at-
tached. They had abandoned their position on the
question of domestic manufactures, of a national
bank, of internal improvements, and the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the public lands. Why,
when a young man, just growing into political lite,
he had had the honor to serve in the Legislature
of his native State, there was but one solitary man
belonging to what was called the Suite-rights Nul-
ification party—the Troup party of that day—and
that was Abraham H. Chappeil—who voted m
favor of these constitutional powers of Congress.
That gentleman had always held the constitutional
powers of Congress to establish a national bank,
and yet he was allowed to remain in the party
which was the progenitor of the gentleman's pres-
ent party, because he was an able and correct man
in every other respect, and a fine fellow, and they
did not spew him out of their mouth.
The party to which his colleague belonged, he
repeated, had abandoned every punciple they had
formerly advocated. Now, what dul they advo-
cate* He wanted to know what other punciple they
advocated m the election about to take place but
that great new principle which had just been de-
veloped, availability ? What principles did they
expert to carry into the ndmmisuation of this
Government^ What measures and what policy
was to be adopted by General Taylor and those
who supported him? Could any man answer.' If
any man had answered here, lie had not the pleas-
ure to hear him. No; they now stood on altogether
a different platform. Formerly, they had stood
like men on the platform of principles. Now,like
children, they stood on the platform of no princi-
ples. He left to his colleague and his associates
to show then* consistency and sincerity m this
matter.
But, in relation to the question before the House,
this bill had been lost by the vote of a decided ma-
jority on this floor; and for what reason r ^ Because
an appropriation for clearing out the Savannah
