1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
river had been incorporated into it contrary to
«very principle and practice of this House. The
■chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
tiad risen m his place, and declared that this side
of the House was to be responsible for the loss of
this important measure of the Government, and in
Che course of his remarks had taken occasion to
say that he was not only in favor of this appropri-
ation, but he was anxious that an appropriation
for the Mississippi and Ohio rivers should have
&!so been introduced into the bill. Now, if he had
jiot greatly misunderstood him at the first part of
this session, this same gentleman, when the veto
^message of the President upon the harbor and river
bill had been read in this House, had risen in his
place and declared that it never was the policy of
the friends of internal improvements to appropriate
any money but surplus money towards these
works.
Mr. VINTON" explained that he had spoken in
reference to what was said in that message, that a
most extravagant system, which would have in-
volved the Government in debt hundreds of mil-
lions, had been arrested by a former Executive.
He had said tha-t was a mistake; that instead of
the Whigs of that day having in view any such
policy, they had never at any time recommended
any appropriations that made it necessary to bor-
row-a dollar, but that the appropriations recom-
mended by his party at the time spoken of in the
President's message would have been paid out of
•the surplus money, and that it was the usage at
that time to inquire of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury what the surplus would be before determining
ypon the appropriations for internal improvement#.
Mr. IVERSGN said that the remarks o-f the
gentleman, as reported in the National Intelligencer,
he was confident, stated that the party to which
the gentleman belonged was in favor of internal
improvements when we had a surplus in the treas-
ury, and opposed to borrowing money to carry on
the system, "We had had to borrow money; this
Government was involved in debt; where was the
surplus for the ^50,000 for the improvement of the
Savannah river? Where was the surplus which
the gentleman would appropriate -for the Missis-
sippi and Ohio rivers?
Mr. VINTON offered to explain, but Mr. I- de-
clined to yield; and
Mr. IVERSON continued. He again asked,
where was the principle the gentleman had laid
down at the first of the session, when he had de-
clared that it was not his object or that of his
party to appropriate any money except surplus
money to carry on these improvements: Did not
the gentleman perceive that, if this money was ta-
ken out of the treasury, it would leave a deficiency
that must be supplied by loans or some other way?
He left it with the gentleman to reconcile the gla-
ring, palpable inconsistency which his argument
then and his course now involved him in.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts had said
that this was not a general system of internal im-
provements, but only an item by itself, isolated,
and therefore not m violation of the Democratic
platform laid down in Baltimore. He had thought
the gentleman too dignified to quibble in this man-
ner. Such an aigutnent was unbecoming any man
except an ordinaiy second-rate county lawyer.
Did the gentleman suppose that the people were
so ignorant and stupid as that such an argument
e.ould be stuffed down their throats? Who did not
perceive that this was part of the system agam«t
which the Democratic party had always taken their
stand? But the gentlemen, as skillful doctors, were
disposed to give it to them in broken doses, so
that, like little children, they might gulp it down.
They weie not only attempting to force this bitter
pill down the throats of members of this House
who had constitutional scruples, but to compel the
Piesident to bvuiIIuw id also. Let him tell gentle-
men that the President of the United States had
the couragc and firmness to veto any mensuic
which he should consider transcending the giants
of the Constitution. We had the highest and
stiongest assurance and guarantee, that if this bill
was presented to him in its present shape, he would
veto u, and he would do right. If he had the
courage to stand up in vindication of the Consti-
tution of his country, notwithstanding the threats
that had been thrown out on this floor, he would
deserve a monument (Zre pereniuus—a monument
more splendid and enduring than anv of his revi-
lers could build up for themselves. He expressed
this opinion from no personal intercourse, but |
from his knowledge of the Executive. From his j
confidence in his firmness and integrity, he was
fully assured that if this bill went before him in its ,
present shape he would veto it, if it was the last '
hour of the last day of the session, even though
he should be obliged, as he undoubtedly would [
be, to call Congress together by proclamation. |
Mr. HUDSON remarked that the gentleman j
had said he had the highest authority; had he the '
President's word? '
Mr. IVERSON replied that he had expressly I
stated that he spoke by authority of the President's j
character and past conduct, and from no personal ,
assurances from him. He had already declared
that the Constitution conferred no power on Con-
gress to appropriate the public money to works of
internal improvement. Was not this a work of
internal improvement upon which they proposed
to appropriate money? It was. Then, could the
President, in consistency with his former declara-
tions and acts, approve it, because, forsooth, it
was gilded over with the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriations? No; he would be recreant to those
high principles which had heretofore governed j
him; he would be recreant to the principles of!
honor, of truth, firmness, and courage, which he
had heretofore exhibited, if he could swallow this
bill with this unconstitutional appropriation in it.
He would veto it; and he (Mr. I.) wanted to know
upon whose shoulders then would rest the respon-
sibility of having clogged the wheels of this Gov-
ernment? Were not the Whig paity in power on
this floor? Had they not introduced this biH, and
carried it along, through its successive stages, to
the present point? Was it not in their power to
relieve it from the obnoxious features which they
had placed in it, and thereby made it so odious as
to be voted against by nearly all the members on
one side, and to receive the condemnation of a very
large part of the other side of this House? And
yet gentlemen on the other side, who had voted
against this bill, had the hardihood to stand up
and say that the Democratic minority of this
House were responsible for the loss of this billl
Oh, shame, shame, wheie is thy blush?
He wanted to know on what principle members
on the other side voted against this bill? What
were their reasons? If he was not mistaken, he
had heard one from the State of Ohio, who was an
advocate of thisdoctrine of internal improvements,
[Mr. Schenck,] say that it was on account of this
item for the Savannah river. How could the gen-
tleman be opposed to it on that ground ?
[Mr. Schenck replied that he would tell the gen-
tleman when he got the floor.]
On what principle, (Mr. I. continued,) and with j!
what show of consistency, could gentlemen say
they were opposed to this measure, when they had i
formed it by their own votes, and attempted to i
foist it upon those who had constitutional scruples, j
and who had told them, time and again, Strike out |
these unconstitutional provisions, and we will go ,
with you for the bill: It was not pretended that this !
appropriation was authorized by any existing law, |
and yet it had been forced into the bill m defiance |
of a solemn rule which the majority of this House j
had themselves adopted, which expressly prohib- ;
ited appropriations not authorized by law from j
going into general appropriation bills. In the in- |
troduction of this feature, they had trampled down .
alike the rules of thelTouso, the prineiplesof equity j
and justice, and the Constitution. All these were |
trampled beneath the ruthless foot of the Whig :
party; and yet they stood here and declared that |
his side of the House weie responsible for the de- ;
feat of this measure! Was it not known to gen- j
tlemen on the other side that a bill had already j
passed the Senate making appropi lations fortius j
very object, and was now before this House?
Why had they not been content to wait till that
bill came up? and thui, if the President vetoed it,
his veto would be exercised on that solitaiy item;
whereas, by incorporating it into the civil and dip-
lomatic bill, they jeoparded this whole bill, and
forced him either to violate his sacied oath. or to
veto the whole bill, and thus stop the wheels of
Government.
He left it to the people of the country, to those |
who had watched the whole proceeding, to say !
whether it had not been intentional on the part of ,
the majority here; and he asked them in candor if ,
this was fair or honorable legislation? No; the j
object was apparent to every man who had com- i
mon sense. This item had been introduced info
the bill as a solitary item, entirely disconnected
from the objects of the bill. The system which
gentlemen on the other side intended to practiseon
the minority and on the President was apparent;
instead of bringing forward a bill involving the
simple question of internal improvements, which
would test the constitutionality of such appropna-
tionsjand on which every gentleman could vote un-
incumbeied with other considerations, they slipped
this solitary item into a civil appropriation bill,
and in this way stoic along and attempted to ac-
complish their object, like a thief in the dark. He
had thought the gieat Whig party, which claimed
all the intelligence and virtue of the country, and
which certainly had the larger share of the wealth,
would scorn an attempt at such tricks as these.
He had hoped that on this floor at least the great
Whig party, through its representatives in Con-
gress, was disposed to act a manly part, and pre-
sent their issues in the broad sunlight of day, so
that every man could act understandingly and di-
rectly upon them; but, instead of this, they had
forced in this unconstitutional-item, and attempted
to gild it over by these necessary appropriations,
and compel gentlemen to vote for the whole bill;
thus violating their constitutional scruples, or to
refuse the necessary appropriations for carrying
on the Government. Was this fair legislation?
It was something like the condition which the
Whig party of the picsent day presented in refer-
ence to the Presidential election. In one portion
of the Union they declared that their candidate
was in favor of one principle, and in the other
portion they declared he was directly opposed to
it. At the South, they said that because General
Taylor was identified with the interests of the
South, because he had been born ond raised under
a southern sun, and w;w the owner of negro slaves,
therefoie they weie willing to trust him, and he
would veto any bill v. hich contained the "Wilrnot
proviso; while the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and others throughout the whole length and breadth
of the northern States, declared that, if elected
President, he would not veto a bill with the Wil-
mot proviso. What principles did they advocate
in the election of Geneial Taylor? Any principles
at all5 No. They had abandoned their princi-
ples when they had abandoned the great " em-
bodiment, " the great leader of Whig principles;
and now, like a party of craven cowards, instead
of coming out manfully, alarmed at the public
scrutiny which would take place, they sku'ked
behind the back of a great man, and, like little
children, attempted to steal into power under the
great tail of his military coat! The attempt to
i corporate this unconstitutional provision into
this necessary bill, was but another instance of
that trickery of which the "Whig patty throughout
the'Union was becoming so extends a player.
They had played off with success their great gam«
ofts hard cider," log cabins," and " coon skins,"
in 1840, and now, attempting to repeat it, they had
abandoned their old leader, and adopted General
Jvailahility, fiom a belief that he would be able to
mfuse a little life into the prosnate body and dymg
carcass of Whig^ery. In what a humiliating posi-
I tion did the Wing pa>*ty of the p.esent Oiy stand
before the American people! it had 1m acknowl-
edged, in a letter from the pietriding oai- er of tins
body, addressed to his W hig assocnics m Boston,
that General Taylor w ai the <.,r.!y Whig that couM
be elected. Was it truer Where was Henry
| Clay?
j The SPEAKER corrected the gentleman, and
1 said lie had wiittcn no letter to Boston, but to
' New York, and had no. expressed the sentiment
j minuted by the gentleman, but Ind su'd that the
Whig party was now placed with. nu> nominees
j befoie them, and that they must elect the one or
| the other.
Mr IVERSON had so understood the letter of
; the presiding officcr; but if he had not expressed
5 such sentiments, others of Ins puriv hni,; auc at
Philadelphia it had been urged as the only icason
v*hv General TavW should receive tne \\ .^g
nomination. Where, he repeated,
Clay? Where wa* that long list ot nmstrious
| names—men who had stamped the pi.'ieiples "t
■ the Whig party m bn.ad^haractcs on Uk pag,s
■ of Ameuean lustorv5 Had it eome to tms, tnat
1 ihev publicly acknowledged no respectable rr..m
! professing the pm..'ipte* of Whisigcrv coull
! elected,and that they must *ak.e u man because he
