964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
had no principles? Where was Henry Clay—
the o-allant-spirited, the noble-hearted [murmurs
of dissent on the Democratic side] leader of the
Whig armies m the hard-fought fields of political
struggle? Where was he? He had been ungrate-
fully cast off, like a broken-down, worn-out horse,
turned out on the common to die—to make room
for a military officer who* they hoped, by his per-
sonal popularity, might be enabled to cover over
their disgrace. Well might he say, in the lan-
guage of Cardinal Wolsey, Had I but served
my country with half the zeal I served my party,
1 had not in my age been left thus naked to mine
enemies. Let this evidence of Whig consistency,
Whig gratitude, be a warning to all' the rising
Wluglings what they may expect for long consistent
party service!
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, then got the floor, and
yielded to a motion for adjournment.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The fallowing petitions were presented under the ruic and
referred:
Dy Mr. I'UCK t The petition of Jeremiah Sames and 34
others, for the e?tnbii>hnient of a mail route.
I>y Mr. ATKINSON: The petition of John C. P. Edwards,
of Poitsmouti), Virginia, asking the pas&age of an act u> Au-
thorize iiim to sue the United States for damages.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 20, 1848-
Mr. BADGER presented a- memorial from cer-
tain citizens of North Carolina, asking for the
establishment of a certain mail route; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLANDyfrom the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Elias A.
Conway, assignee of William Bamett; which was
read a first time,
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, made a
report, recommending that the Senate concur in
the amendments of the House to- the bill to revive
an act authorizing certain soldiers in the late war
with Great Britain to surrender the bounty lands
drawn by them, and to locate others in lieu there-
of; which was agreed to.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported House bill to admit certain articles of the
growth or production of Canada into the United
States free of duty,, upon the condition that the
like articles of the growth or production of the
United States are admitted into Canada free of
duty, with certain amendments merely verbal.
Mr. D. asked the immediate consideration of
the bill; but, at the suggestion of Mr. DAVIS, of
Massachusetts, it was laid over for examination.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted the following:
Raolvrd, That the toHowws phnfl he an  drfitionaf rule
for thesovfrnment of the Senate, So wk: After si\ day* from
the oominencementofaseeond or subsequent se-sion of any
Congies*, all hills, resolutions, and ieports, winch uugm.ued
in the Senate at the close of the next preceding re-
maining undetermined, shall he lesumed and acted on m
the same manner as if an adjournment had not taken place.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill; the amendment pending being that of
Mr. Nii.es, to withhold the advances authorized
by the bill to the contractors for the mail by ocean
steam navigation, and to limit the contract to five
years.
Mr. NILES said that it had been represented
that the contractors were building vessels of a larger
size than was originally contemplated. If so, it
was a voluntary act on their part, and merited
no peculiar privilege. He repeated his objection
to paying money in advance, without any security.
The contract stipulated for quarterly payments as
the service is performed. He also defended his
proviso limiting the contract to five yeais.
Mr. ATHERTON said that the contract having ;
been entered into by the Government, it was only ,
for the committee to carry it out. He also read a
letter from the department advising the committee
to authorize the advances to the contractor, and
stating that it could be done with pcrfect security. i
He refeired to the law of Congress requiring the
Department to accept the contract with Collins & 1
Sloo and others, for the establishment of these mail
lines, for the term of ten years. After this, he
deemed it very unjust to the contractors to reduce
the duration of the contract to five years. The
contracts were made with reference to an entire
system, and to make any change in a portion of
the line would be to interfere injuriously with the
whole system. He went into a history of the pro-
ceedings which took place in bringing the negotia-
i tions for the establishment of these lines to a ter-
i mmation, stating the various characters of the offers
for the contract, and the difficulties which the Sec-
retary of the Navy had to contend with. He con-
tended that the contract for the line from Panama
to Astoria was the most favorable to the Govern-
ment of all which had been made, being about
$66,0G0 per annum for each ship. He trusted the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut would
not be agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN having asked what was the annual
expense of ah these lines—
Mr. NILES replied that it was about $1,750,000.
In reply to the Senator from New Hampshire, he
stated that he did not propose to vary the terms of
the contract, but merely to limit the term. It was
said that to interfere with the term, would be a vio- \
lation of the law, but if any new favor was asked
for by the contractors, the law could not be permit-
j ted to stand m the way. He insisted on Keeping
| the contractors to the letter of the contract, and not
! to advance them the capital to enable them to carry
! their contract into operation. When the contract-
| oVs made the contract, they knew the extent of the
duty.
Mr. UNDERWOOD desired some information
as to what the Government expected to receive by
way of compensation.
Mr. NILES said, that as to the Bremen line, the
Government would only receive the postag-e. In
some of the lines, he believed, there was to be some
facilities given for conveyancc of public stores.
Mr. ALLEN said that when this system was
introduced, he opposed it both on the ground of its
; unconstitutionality and its inexpediency. At that
i time, the friends of the system refused to consider
: it as a system, and referred to the great profits ac-
; cruing to the British Government from theCunaid
j lines. It was also argued, that the United States
i navy would be brought to a higher state of efficiency
| by the introduction of these mar! steamers, which
might be indirectly made the means of augmenting
| our na^al power. He was aware that nothing he
I could say would avail to break down the system.
; But he desired to fix the attention of the country
; on the subject. Pie contended that the introduction
| of this system was repugnant to the Constitution,
j The transmission of the mails and the regulation
| of commerce did not give the power. He denied
that the former gave authority to send mails to
every part of the world; and under the latter there
was no more authority to transport pieces of paper
called letters than to convey bacon and flour. This
system, which commenced in the Post Office De-
partment, has gradually shded into the Treasury
Department, and is now connected with our nuli-
! tary system. He contended that che system origi- h
| nated in the British system of innovations, and '!
S took a view of the reasons which governed the
| policy of Great Britain in increasing her navy— j!
; reasons which operated with less strength on us. j!
! Occupying,herself,butasmailterritory,yetstretch- j;
! mg her power over sixty colonies, and an almost i'
, unbounded territory m all parts of the earth, it was ;
i the conservativeness of wisdom in her to maintain j
| a large naval armament, not for the paltry profits
i arising from the postage of a few letters, but to i,
i protect her colonies from being grasped and torn ' ■
i from her by commercial and political rivals. He ,
1 considered the present as a most inauspicious mo- ^
1 ment for carrying out this system. We have just
| emerged from a war which, although it has left !>
; our mercantile credit unimpaired, has involved us
; in some amount of debt. Ave have acquired a great :
1 accession of territory, extending to the Pacific; we 1
; ate obliged to establish post offices through the vast i
| interior to the utmost limit, and this has greatly
increased the expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment. In this state of things, it would be unwise
to add still more to this expenditure by transmitting ■
our mails to every nation m the world.
He adverted to the modes adopted by scheming
speculators to get money from the pnb'hc treasury :
by operating on legislative bodies. It is thus that ;
contracts are obtained, by which large fortunes are i
made. It is a process which costs the applicant i
I nothing. If he fails, he loses nothing; if he sue-
j ceeds, he realizes his hundreds of thousands. He
[ intimated that by some such process the contracts
< now under consideration had been made. He
j would not consent to the Government going inta
j the business of transporting Tetters from the United
j States to every part of the world. If an augment-
ation of the navy was the object of this system y
he would prefer that a direct* demand should be
made for that purpose, and- that it should" not be-
sought for in this indirect mode. AVe have no
younger sons of nobility to pension on our navy.
AVe have neither the foreign nor the domestic rea-
sons which England has for augmenting our navy.
Instead of spending millions on foreign post offices
let us expend them' on oar own post offices. He
deprecated' every expenditure useless in itself, the
tendency of which must be to increase our public
debt.
Mr. DOUGLAS said he had some agency ir>
j gettingup this system at the other end" of the build-
! ing, and this rendered it necessary for him to make
j some reply to the Senator from Ohio who seemed
to have shown to his own satisfaction that the sys-
tem was a violation of the Constitution. He pro-
ceeded to show that there were no grounds or*
which the objections could be sustained, and to dis-
close the views by which he was influenced in his
support of the system. When the Senator from
Ohio deprecated" this mode of increasing the navy,
and declared his preference for the old mode, and
when he seemed to be convulsed to agony at the
sound of the word contract, had he forgotten that
under tbe old system our ships were built by con-
tract, and these wails were beset by persons waft-
ing to secure fat jobs? He could not follow the
Senator from Ohio in his aversion to do anything,
however good, for no better reason than thatGreas
Britain had done it before. AVere we not to speak
the English language, because Great Britain does—
not to sustain the same commercial policy—not to
practise the same religion? He would not consent
that we should stand still and see the British naval
power spreading over the ocean,entering air ports.,
and circling our own country like a net-work.
The great struggle between Great Britain and us
is for the mastery of the ocean—to determine
which is the greatest commeicial power. It is
already demonstrated—settled—that we can beau
all the world in this hemisphere, should the world
assail us here: it is only necess-ary now to see
which shall obtain the sovereignty of the ocean.
He regarded this system as part of the process by
which we can augment our navy, and place it in a
condition adequate to the protection of our com-
merce, and the defence of our honorron every sea.
He spoke of the advantages of steam power over
the sail system of navigation. The change ren-
dered it necessary that oar old officers should be
newly educated, to make them familiar with the
march of science. He reminded the Senator from
Ohio, who warned us against creating an English
debt by following English policy, that the intro-
duction of this system in England had not pro-
duced a dollar of debt to her. Nor was it intended
that here it was either to be the means of making
money for the Government, or of plunging the
country m debt. It was our true policy, by adopt-
ing this system, to break up the monopoly which
England has obtained. If we are to sit still, wich
our arms folded, and see England, with her two
hundred steam-vessels covering the ocean, what is
to become of our two hundred whale-ships in the
Pacific—of our sixty thousand citizens emploved
in those fisheries—of the twenty millions of capital
involved in the business* AVhat becomes of the
Senator from Ohio's idea of progress and destiny?
As he had taken part m the introduction of the
system, he felt himself compelled to demand that
■ it should be subjected to a fair trial. Should is
fail, he would be ready to retract what he had said
i in its favor.
Mr. CALHOUN said, that although opposed
; to the system itself, he should vote in favor of car-
rying out the contract which had been made.
I Mr. BENTON made some remasks, which were
entirely inaudible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, ^aid he was dis-
posed to carry out the contract, although U might
now be made on more favorable terms. The con-
, tract was fair and liberal in its terms; but he would
be indisposed to vote for the advances of money,
j It would be sufficient if we paid the money accord-
1 ing to the stipulations of the contract.
