966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
They would be found on the 1010th page of the
Laws of the United St ate ft, 6th volume.
These,he renewed,were passed hya Democratic
Congress and sanctioned !>y a Democratic Presi-
dent: and yet gentlemen told them that they weie
without a precedent for this item, which they de-
nounced as unparalleled, and ay an outrage on the
rights of the minority of thia House. There were
precedents, as he had shown, and gentlemen who
had leisure might find many more. Nevertheless,
gentlemen asserted that this appiopriation was un-
usual and improper, and therefore that they ought
not to pass it. It was useless to consider those
questions at this time. They had been considered,
end that House, by a decided majority, had said
ihat t'ne appropriation was proper and expedient.
But there was one argument used now which was
not used when that item was under consideration,
and that was, that unless that Herri be stricken out,
the President would veto the hill. Yes; the Presi-
dent would veto the bill. Well, he knew not
whether the President would veto the bill or not,
nor did he caie. Since this President came into
power, they had had several instances of thearbs-
tiaiy exercise of the veto power; bat this was the
fi:st time when the President's friends had seen
proper to throw into their faces the threat of a veto
to deter them from pel forming; what they believed
to be their duty. He believed there was no instance
of a President threatening the representatives of
the people: telling them that if they daicd to pass
this bill, the President would veto it. Did gentle-
men suppose that they on his side of the House
were to be deterred from giving; such voles as they
thought proper of the kind under consideration?
Did gentlemen suppose that they were alarmed at
the threat of an Executive veto, and that they
should shrink from doing their duty ? If they did,
they would find themselves, in this instance, greatly
mistaken. This Flouse had decided, by a major-
ity, that the appropriation was riiihl,and that they
would continue it in this bill: and if they receded
from it for fear of the President's veto, they were
unworthy of the which they occupy. In
ouch a case they would be at only to be the slaves
of a despot, trembling at his presence, and shaping
their votes to suit his mows But he thought no
one who believed it to be n<iht and proper would
shrink for fear of a veto, even though the friends
of the President, wuh the Piesident at their heels,
thandcred veto in their eats.
But he defied to make a few remarks as to the
exercise of this veto power. He desired to make
some remajks on this subject, because the exercise
of the veto power was becoming one of the most
alarming circumstances in the history of thu coun-
try. It was one of the most dangerous to encoun-
ter, and there was danger of ftssappins: the found-
ation of the pnnciples on which this Government
rested. It was ovei shadowing the land with a des-
potism which was placing its hand on the entire
power of this Government.
But now we hear that the President had been
empowered to veto c\cry bill, the expediency of
which he did not entirely approve. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] told us, that whenever
the Pieei'dent thought a bill not such as he would
have wished to pass, he ought to veto it. These
doctrines were not new; they were the very doc-
trines urged by the Federalists in the Convention
which formed our Constitution. These were the
arguments and opinions brought forward and
pressed by the man who, in that memorable as-
sembly, con tended that it was necessary to stre   th-
the ,u n: uf the ]v:ecutive, that he nng;ht be en-
abled to check the turimk-nrc of the people. Tins
wis 'be very point on which the difference between
t!>Federalists and their opponents mainly turned,
it \v?s contended that the people weie impulsive,
oimultuous, refractory,and that we wanted a strong
Executive, who should be able to curb them, and
keep the passions of the people m check. The
a.une doctrines were preached by the Tories, in the
Revolution winch established Diitish freedom. It
vms proclaimed then, that the good of the country
requited that prerogative should be more effectually
guarded, and the arm of the mohaich strengthened.
And now, hete, in this House of Representatives,
and in the year of grace ib48, these selfsame old
exploded doctrines of subserviency to Executive
power weie brought out eirain, new-vamped, and
urged on the American people as doctrines ot De-
mocracy ! The truth was, that the great danger to
our system arose, not from weakness, but from the
strength of the Executive power—a power ever
prone, in all ages and countries, to usurpation, and
skillful in encroach trig on the freedom of the people,
under a thousand forms. This was the true point
of danger: it was an alarming evil; it threatened
all we held dear; and it ought speedily to be ar-
rested, and prevented from accomplishing any
further mischief.
Let hmi ask hi3 Democratic friends, whether
they believed that the people were capable of self-
government? Were the Democrats on this floor
willing to say they were)
[Mr. Grebn here wanted liberty to reply, but
Mr. S. said he could not spare him the time now;-
he would have ample opportunity afterwards.J
They told the people so on the stump. There
they were all most ardent friends to the people and
their rights; but when they came here* how did
they act? Who were the people? How were
their wishes to be known' Who was appointed
to express them? AVas it not their own Repre-
sentatives,. chosen expressly for that purpose?
They came up to this Hall from every district of
this Union, fresh from the people, having had a
full opportunity tor interchanging opinions with
them, and they knew what their wishes were.
Well, how did these wishes of the great body of
the Amencan people stand upon the question of
internal improvements? Look at their votes in
this very House, and we should £nd them in favor
of them by votes of two to one. By that majority
they had recently decided that the power of appro-
priating for works of internal improvement did
reside in this Government, and that it should be
exejcised. How had these wishes been expressed
on bills which had passed this House since the
present Executive came into power? How did
those Representatives vote but a few days since
upon the resolutions adopted at the Chicago Con-
vention, and i eported to this House irons the Com-
mittee on Commerce? In all these cases, those
who weie charged to express the wishes ot the
people had voted m one and the same way. Yet
here was a paitv—and a Democratic party> too—
which told the nation that their wishes should not
be complied v. itiv, which told them to their faces,
that they were trampling on the Constitution, ana
winch invoked the aid ot a President, who was
himself thepeople's creature, whom they had made,
t!'Ot he might accomplish their will, to thwart that
will, and tiample it down m the dust. And this
way Democracy I Might I not (asked Air. i6.) here
repeat the woids ot the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Iyer&on,} and exclaim, " Shame! shame!
where is thy blushwhen doctiines such as these
aie put forth under the name and guise of Democ-
racy ? They might as well at once tell the people
that they are dolts and idiots, and need an Execu-
tive guardian to curb them. Will gentlemen here
say, mat the Piesident understands the wishes of
the people bettei than the people's Representatives?
Is his wisdom gieater than the united wisdom of
the members of this House? In what schoois of
statesmanship has he been trained, that his knowl-
edge of constitutional law and the true policy of
this nation should be so far paramount to that of
the men \\ horn the people themselves have selected
and sent heie to give expiession to their sentiments
and desires? Where is his commission to say to
us, that we do not know what the wishes of the
people are? I ask my Democratic friend over the
way, [Mr. Wlni w ukth,] who introduced resolu-
tions in favor of internal improvements, whether
his constituents aic against the power? They voted
for Mr. Polk. How is itm Illinois? A majority
of the people of that State were m favor ot Air.
Polk; yet, after that gentleman denounced the
Piesident for his veto of the rher and harbor bill,
they sent him here as their lepiesentative. Have
they not confided the care of their true interests to
him, and not to the President?
I admit that that gentleman's course here lias
been perfectly consistent in all things, with one
only exception. The gentleman has been the um-
| form, constant, unflinching advocate of internal
impiuvements, yet he votes for a Piesident who
| vetoes them all. [Much laughter.] I think his
I past experience ought to teach him a lesson on
. this subject. By the by, I should greatly like to
| know of the gentleman whom lie is going to vote
i for at the coming election?
j Mr. WENT WORTH. I shall vote for a tried
i friend of harbor and river improvements, as illus-
i trated by his own acts.
j Mr. SCHENCK said, "there was so much
j noise and confusion here that the gentleman could
i not explain himself." [Bursts of laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, (resuming.) I believe in the senti-
ment so well expressed by Edmund Burke,, when1
describing the character of a Whig in his day: "A
Whig should be a man jealously watching (he
m-ovements of the Executive, having his eyes oi?
ministers and his ears toward the people." This
admirable definition, given by that illustrious man,
will .well apply to the Whigs of this dayT who de-
sire to preserve amongst us a Republican Govern-
ment. But how is it now with too many of the
Republicans in thisHali? We see them with their
eyes occasionally turned askance over their shoul-
ders at the people, but with both eyes and ears
directed steadily to the White House, ready to
catch the first and slightest intimations of the Ex:
ecative will.
I will he obliged if my friend from Illinois will
tell me what are the opinions of General Cass on
the subject of internal improvement?
Mr. WENTWORTH wished to know if ths
gentleman would let him ieply now?
Mr. SMITH said, yes; he would allow him
three minutes out of his own time to reply.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have been in Con-
gress—this is the third session—with General Cass,
He and I have voted invariably alike on this ques-
tion. Both of us voted for the vetoed bills, and botl?
of us would gladly have had the Executive sign
them. I wish there was as good proof that General
Taylor would sign our harbor and river bills. I
would like to know his opinions.
Mr. SMITH. I am greatly obliged to the hon-
oi aide gentleman for this very lucid exposition of
the opinions of General Cas-s on the power of in-
ternal improvement. JNTow, I happen to have here
a small document that a good deal resembles the
primer that contained the picture of John Rogers,,
the martyr, in the days of Bloody Mary, and in
which were these memorable lines:
" I leave you here this Intte book
F<u jou to joolc upoii,
Thai you r>ii\y sec \o '.r futhpr's fuce
When is dead and gone."
[Much merriment on both sides of the House.}
Yes, sir; here is a little book for my Democratic
friends to look upon, and in it they will see their
father's face when he is dead and gone. [Voices;
tkAnd that he will soon be."] Yes? very soon:
on the 7th day of next I^o"\ ember. I will read it to
the House without troubling the Clerk. [Here
Mr. S. be^an to read a book about tv.-o inches
square, with a fac-stmile attached of Mr. Cassrs
letter to the Chicago Convention.]
On the whole, f think I had best send it up to
the Clerk's table, as gentlemen seem so anxious
to see as well as hear it,
[The small volume was here sent to the Clerk's
desk. He succeeded in holding it m his hand,and
read the contents with an audible voice, as fol-
lows:
detkou\ mtiy 29, 1s47.
" Dear Sir : I am obliged to \ou foi \our kind attention
in uaiiMmitiii<2i tne an luvirauon to attend the conveutioo
on internal nnprov eim-nt-* v/hi< n wi i m Chicago ii>
July. CucnmftaiW!-, iiovvtnei, vnl! put it out of my power
to be pret-pnt at tMat time.
a I am, dear sir, iespectfuliv jouis
"LEWIS CASS.
" \v. l*. whitjng,
Mr. WENTWORTJI presumed thi* was co be
taken out, of the gentleman's time. [A laugh.}
Mr. SMITH. Oh, ceitainly. A very import-
ant document, and nut very long,
Mr. WENTWORTH. Short as it Is, it is
longer than General Taylor's reply to the commit-
tee informing htm of his nomination at the Phila-
delphia Convention.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Illinois has
explained to us very cleatly the opinions ot the
Democratic candidate on tins very interesting sub-
ject. I am soiry he was not equally clear on some
.'others. I hope the "noise and confusion" here
will not piexent him fiom enlightening us. We
are all -very still and quiet on this side of the
House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the gentleman
will give us General Taylor's opinions on the
S'imc subject.
Mr. SMITH. I will. I shall not be prevented,
like his preat leader, by any •' noise and confu-
sion" in this Hall. But fust let me state, that on
a late occasion, General Cass was at Cleveland, a
city on the lakes, deeply interested in the question
