1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
British authority in extenso. Let him ask the gen-
tleman, to what vetoes respectively of the Execu-
tive of the United States did he object? He would
hke to hear the gentleman, or any other honorable
member on that side of the House, specify to
which of the vetoes of the various Presidents of
the United States they objected. From the found-
ation of the Government to the present day, there
was not a man, he ventured to say, who dared get
up and say that he objected to any veto except
that of harbor and river improvements. There
was rankling in the heart of the gentleman from
Indiana, and the gentleman could not entirely sup-
press it, that old desire for a national bank. True,
the gentleman had not the moral courage to come
out and declare himself for it; but he said, if Ihe
people to ant it, lo and behold, he was for it. He
had no constitutional opinions, nor opinions of ex-
pediency, except those which lie might imagine
came from the people. The gentleman told the
House that the people of the United States had
again and again declared in favor of a national
bank. It was, if we judged from their repre-
sentatives, lamentably true; but if we judged from
the conduct of the people alone, of those who were
engaged in their agricultural and mechanical pur-
suits, who were outside uf and beyond the influ-
ence of the dollars that might operate upon gen-
tlemen nearer the throne, they had never been m
favor of such an institution. Mr. Madison inter-
posed his veto, but at the next session yielded to
■what he supposed was the desire of the people. That
yielding had been the subject of the lamentation of
the Democracy of the country from that time to
the present. It had cost us millions of money.
Jt prostrated the producing classes in the dust.
For twenty years had the Democratic party fought
to throw off this incubus, and they had shaken it
off " as a lion the dew-drops from his man^"
The Demociacy of this country now stood erect,
never to beencumbeicd with another institution of
the kind.
But the gentleman asked, " are we to be told in
this year eighteen hundied and forty ?" and
that turned out to be the end of his sentence. He
presumed the gentleman was dishing up one of his
old speeches of 1840, when, to the Democracy of
Indiana, he had denied that the Whig party had
any intention to charter a bank; but no sooner had
they practised on the credulity and confidence of
the people, and acquired the power, than immedi-
ately they " let slip the dogs of war"—immediately
the cloven foot had shown itself—and the first act,
and the dying act, too, of that administration, was
an effort to charter a bank.
Mr. DUNN said that so far from the Whigs of
Indiana, in 1840, taking ground against a national
bank, or pretending that they were not for a na-
tional bank, it was one of the main issues, if not
the main issue, and was earnestly pressed by
them.
Mr. PETTIT said he could not speak for his
colleague's portion of Indiana, but he could for his
own, and he could give the Whig elector's name
who had denounced it from one end of his district
to the other. It was Henry S. Lane, his prede-
cessor on this floor.
Mr. DUNN disagreed with his colleague, and
repeated his declaration that the Whigs ot Indiana
in 1840 had made the question of a bank a pronn-
nent issue, and that the leading Whig journal at i
Indianapolis took ground both for the constitu- |
tional power and the expediency of a bank. j
Mr. ROCK HILL said, so far as his district was .
concerned, he never, in 1840, heard any elector or
other Whig orator—and they had all sorts of meet*
ings and log-cabin and hard-cider carousals de-
claie m favor of a national bank. The Demociatic
party had chargcd it upon them, and in every case
it was denied. .
Mr. STUART lived on the borders of Indiana,
and knew something of the facts himself. It had
been declared at that time, through all the region
of country, and even a distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts had said that a national bank was
an " obsolete idea." So far from having agieed
upon it in any two States, there were scarcely two
Congressional districts where the Wmg orators
proclaimed the same principles. Why.' Because
they dared not go before the American people with
their principles inscribed on their banners. In
1844, they had told the country that Mr. Clay was
the great'' embodiment" of their principles, and
soul and body he stood forth a living monument
of Whiggery. But it was now too late for gentle-
men to say that they had carried on the canvass of
1840 on principles. Why, they ate and drank the
people out of that election. Hard cider, corn
dodgers, songs, coon skins—these miserable em-
blems indicated anything but an adherence to
reason and principle.
Now, he asked gentleman, why they had not
nominated Mr. Clay? and he told them, in ad-
vance, he had no particular sympathy for that gen-
tleman. He would remark, further, that from
the very outset of the canvass to the present day,
he had earnestly wished that the Whig party
would not nominate Mr. Clay—he had never en-
tertained any other opinion. He believed him to
be the strongest man they could nominate, and
gentlemen would find out, in the ides of Novem-
ber, that the Northern States did not respond to
the Philadelphia nomination. Gentlemen might
blind their eyes; they might see Mr. Greely pois-
ing himself upon his lever and doubting which
way to go, and yet might deny that all was not
right in their camp; they might hear the music of
Northern men proclaiming that General Taylor
was a Wilmot proviso man out and out, while
Southern men took refuge under Ihe fact of his
having been born and lived in the South, and his
owning hundreds of slaves; they might cause to be
written from this city letters through members of
Congress to difFerent sections of the country, ma-
king anything or everything of his principles, but
they would find that men who had been TyUrized
would not be Taylorized.
The celebrated "Allison letter" had been alluded
to by the gentleman from Indiana as containing
the platform of General Taylor's principles. Now, ,
that was a most remarkable letter, and got up in a !
remarkable way, and by remaikable men; and]
this Capitol could " a tale unfold" in regard to that ,
letter, which would show whose opinions it reflect- \
ed. A man who had been somewhat engaged in .
the legal piofession would regard that letter as j
having been got up by a conclave of very able
men, very strong lawyers, who had gathered to-
gether on a table before them all the letters the old
man had ever written, in which he had declared
himself a Native American, an Abolitionist, a
Democrat, a Whig-—not an "ultra Whig, but a
Whig in principle;" and he would hke to hear his
friend from Pennsylvania tell them what was the
difference. He took it that there were none in this
House but ultra Whigs; for, although there were
Abolitionists from Massachusetts and New Hamp-
shire, slaveholders from the South, and whatever
else you please, they came up here in solid col-
umn, and voted to a man to oppose everything ,
which Democracy did. He thought they had not j
that distinction in this House, but that they were ,
" ultra" Whigs, partisan Whigs; and if any gen- j
tleman's political dictionary could tell him what i
the distinction was, he should be very happy to i
hear it. Now, this Allison letter, which seemed j
thus to have been framed with all the previous !
letters before the writers, -who were attempting, j
like a lawyer with a bad case, to reconcile the con- j
flicting doctrines, said that he held the veto power
to be a conservative power, not to be exercised
except in cases of clear violation of the Constitu-
tion, or of hasty and ill-considered legislation.
Who had ever pretended that it should be exer-
cised in any other case? He would like to know,
if a bill passed through both Houses of Congiess,
what was the "proper consideration" it should ;
receive in order to meet the Executive approba- |
tion? How was the Executive to know whether ;
it had received that consideration or not, except |
by determining whether it was right or wrong?
Was he to stand here and hear their discussions? ;
Was he to know whether they passed a bill in a 1
month or in one day after it was taken up? The
only manner in which he could determine whether
j legislation was hasty or inconsiderate, was by
' determining whether it was right or wrong in his
opinion, as"a coordinate branch of the Legislature
of the country. It was the only test whichthe
Executive could apply; and, while the Allison
letter was relied upon to limit the veto to certain
cases, it applied to every case upon which a veto
could be made. In this connection he would again
ca}[—and he hoped to hear gentlemen take the
history of this country and trace down the vetoes
of the several Piesidents, and point out one
to which they were opposed except that on
the harbor and river bill. Who did not know
that the Democratic party of this Union were
divided on that question, and ever had been—not
on the great principle, but on the mode of its ap-
plication? Mr. Calhoun, who, he thought, was
regarded as about as strict a constructionist as
there was, and would be admitted as one of the
most able men, admitted, and had done so this
session, that Congress did possess the power, and
that the only question was as to its application.
Upon that question of its application the Demo-
cratic party, he repeated, had ever been divided.
Now, what induced the Whig party to favor it?
The same thing that induced them to favor every
other proposition which the Democratic party op-
posed. It was the only basis on which they could
agree. They came into power in 1840, and they
could not hold together ninety days. The mo-
ment they came to compare the opinions of differ-
ent individuals from different sections of the coun-
try, why, the confusion of Babel was harmony
in comparison to their action.
It had been said here by another gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,] at a former part of the
session, that, when Mr. Tyler became a little Dem-
ocratic, they abandoned him. Now, that was true;
and, had he become thoroughly Democratic, the
Democratic party would have endorsed him; but
as, in the Christian world, a man must forsake the
Devil and all his works, so in the political world a
man must shake off every vestige of Whiggery,
in all its connections, or he could never be a Dem-
ocrat. A gentleman near him said "a modern
Democrat." No, nor an ancient Democrat. What
weie Jefferson's opinions upon a national bank as
long ago as the administration of General Wash-
ington? He gave his opinions against it, and never
changed those opinions. What was the opinion of
Mr. Madison on the same question? Against it;
yielding in an evil hour, as he had before s<ud, to
what, m his own language, seemed to he the will
of the people. What was the opinion of modem
Whiggery? He had heard honorable gentlemen
say that party sprung up in 1832. What built
them up' General Jackson's veto of the bank.
They took ground against him, and declared that
this country was to be and should be ruined with-
out that institution. This, let him (ell gentlemen
on the other side, was modern Whiggery, but it
was ancient Federalism.
Mr. POLLOCK said General Jackson had ac-
knowledged the constitutionality of a bank.
Mr. STUART. General Jackson did not show
much belief in the constitutionality of a national
bank when he placed his veto upon it. The Whig
party placed upon the records of the Senate of the
United States a resolution censuring General Jack-
son—and in violation, too, of the Constitution—--for
the measures he adopted against that institution;
and yet modern Whiggery was ancient Democ-
racy ! Gracious Heavens! only think of it! [A
laugh.] A Whig, who dared not declare in con-
vention what he thinks, who had not the moral
,, courage on the floor of this House, to define his
j position, because he wanted to wire in and wire
I out—because the question of success was the only
| question they had at heart: such a Whig to claim
to monopolize the ancient Democracy !
But we never should get General Taylor's opin-
ions on this question, it seemed. Although he had
| been written to some six weeks since—he lived off
j the mail route—his letter could not reach him, and
' we could not receive his answer ! He lived in a
!j back country, where nobody travelled except some
j] two or three men who had him in charge. We
\'t should never get his opinions on these questions,
he (Mr. S.) undertook to say.
i But, in reference to the little book which the gen-
;, tleman from Indiana had taken the pains to send to
| the Clerk's desk to have read. That Chicago
■i Convention was a great convention. Ihere were
: a great many distinguished men there, and they
i went there for important purposes. They had no
! doubt at heart the success of improvements of
j harbors and rivers. But the people would consider
it a little singular that the Committee on bom-
! mercc of this House, composed of a majority or
! Whi^s, who had that subject in charge, had spent
;' some seven months in bringing out a set of resolu-
'! tions simply to insult the Executive of the United
States, and had brought in no bill.
I Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, referred to
I a bill which had been reported for the impiovement
ii of certain harbors and rivers, and said the coramit-
ii tee had made every effort to pass it through.
