1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
978
proved by facts, of which this was one exactly j
similar, that " the King had refused his assent to .
laws the most wholesome and necessary for the j
public good." Such was the language of the Dec- j
laration of Independence when our forefathers j
were ruled as with an iron rod; and such was the 1
language of Whigs and of freemen everywhere. j
But he had alluded to the declarations of General j
Jackson, and he supposed the opposite side of the
House would admit that he, at least, was good au- j
thonty. Mr. G. said he fully concurred in the i
opinions then expressed by the old hero, and he |
hoped gentlemen would be inclined to remember !
them. !
He then read an extract from one of General
Jackson's messages, saying, if a bank was neces- |
sary for the fiscal operatinns of the Government,
he would " submit to the wisdom of the Legisla- !
ture," &c. Here was the stern, unyielding old '
hero declaring that he would submit to the wisdom
of the National Legislature, if a measure of that
kind was deemed necessary; but gentlemen here
now told them that this young successor, who was
sometimes called par excellence "Young Hickory," i
would not defer to the will of the people as Gen- 1
eral Jackson said he would. There were other
views of Genetal Jackson, in connection with this ;
subject of a bank, which, as they were familiar to
the House, he would not detain them to repeat.
He did not introduce them for the purpose of dis-
cussing the bank subject at all, for that was not i
an issue before the country; yet, if it were, Mr. G.
should not shrink from it. We were content that
our opponents should enjoy their own system of
a sub-treasury. Bad as it was, it perhaps was bet-
ter to endure even a bad system than to have so
much agitation as we have had on this subject for
so many years. Though by no means convinced
of its utility, he had determined (m the present
condition of the country, burdened with a heavy
debt, as it was, by a long and unnecessary and un-
constitutional war) to throw no obstacles in the
way of those who, at the head ofaffairs, had brought
these evils on the country. He desired that the
President and his friends should have ample op-
portunity to test their favorite scheme. Hence the
W lugs would not now press theirs. He had only
mentioned this, because other gentlemen had intro-
duced it, and for the purpose of showing, that re-
garding these great questions, Mr. Polk would
refuse, as we were told now, to yield to the judg-
ment of such men as Washington and Madison,
and last, though not least in the estimation of some,
of General Jackson himself, who had sometimes
declared his respect for the popular will, even in
opposition to his own views.
Did he hear a gentleman say, Van Buren too?
He knew of no connection of Van Buren's views j
with the veto of the bank. He was once, how- .
ever, as he wished to tell his southern friends, a j
petitioner for a branch bank at the city ofx\lbany.
Did they know this when they suppoited him for
the Presidency? Oil, no! he supposed not.
Mr. GREEN here made some remark, which
was nut audible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. GOGGIN said he had already answered i
that question by the remaiks which he had made, j
The gentleman could not have been in the House, j
or he would not have thought it necessary to inter- ,
rupt him. He hoped these interruptions would j
not be repeated; he would not be deterred, how- j
ever, from doing his duty. I
But if he had" not another leason, he had one ;
which in itself was sufficient to influence his con- i
duct m refusing to support the veto power in the
hands of one man to the extent that some gentle-
men did on the other side of the House: it was
deuved from a belief which he entertained from
the bottom of his soul, that sometimes, with all
the vigilance of party, men the most unworthy ,
would creep into the confidence of the people. If ,
he had no o ther reason, he would be willing to go :
to the country on that opinion, which was ex-
pressed by one whose viesvs of the character of
men would be appreciated by his colleague, [Mi. ;
Bayly,] who he saw was about to leave the Hall.
He alluded to his colleague again m no unkind
spirit; [here Mr. Bayly Jeft the Hall, Mr. G. ask-
ing him to remain;] and he only reierred to the^,
opinion which he was about to lead by way ot
giving to his constituents and to the House a rea-
son why he could not support General Ca^s foi ]
the Presidency, and thereby, if elected, inttust ,
him with the veto, and all the other powers of this |
Government. He should quote fiom the document
which he held in lus hand, as the opinion of one
who spoke under the responsibility of his oath as
a member of this House, and whose word no man
would question, when he spoke of his convictions
of the truth and its force on his own mind. He
should give the House the opinions of one whom
all who had been associated with him on the floor
of this House would listen to attentively, and for
whom he (Mr. G.) entertained the highest per-
sonal respect—one whose character, talents, and
position in the country, entitled all his opinions to
respect.
In the year 1837, while General Cass was Sec-
retary of War, a committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives was appointed, of which the Hon.
Henry A. Wise was chairman, with instructions
to inquire into the condition of the Executive De-
partments,^. The committee met in a short
time, and proceeded with its investigations, when
the following form of an oath was adopted to be
administered to witnesses:
" You do solemnly swear that the evidence you shall give
touching the subjects of inreUi%ution of this committee, shall
be the truth, thenhole truth, and nothing hut the truth, so help
you God."
Mr. Wise was the first witness examined, and
he " was sworn by reading himself the oath and
kissing the book." The witness then stated, m
answer to a question put to him, among other
things: " I believe that Lewis Cass, Secretary of
4 War, was engaged in speculating in the public
' lands whilst Secretary of War; that he made tx~
* orb it ant allowances to favorites; paid one for scr-
' vices never performed; another after he had full
' knowledge that the favorite had forged his official
' signature; permitted commissions under him to be
' ayitc-dated; and has ordered a treasury warrant to
' be paid to the assignee of a disbursing officer, who
s had gambled it auay, after it had been protested ;
' by a deposit bank and was countermanded by '
' the Secretary of the Treasury; and to have been 1
4 guilty of several other acts of violation of dutif'—ail
of which will be found in Reports of Committees,
2d session, 24th Congress, volume 3.
Mr. Wise, in continuance of his statement, also
said:
" T know, from evidence laid before me by the Executive,
of many instances of unlawful and oppressive net-* also; as,
for instance, the conduct of the Executive and its officers
towards the Indian paiticularly the Cherokees. I
believe that the wars with the Creek and Seminole In-
dians have been caused by want of xntezrihj in Executive
officers of the Government; and that the defe.it of our arms,
uhich has coveied the nation uith disgrace in these vars, has
been owing to neglect or want of ability in the JFar Depart-
ment."
Here, then, (said Mr. G.,) was the testimony
of one who was not speaking in the heat of de-
bate, not under the influence of high or moment-
ary excitement, but in the seclusion of a com-
mittee room, under the sanctions of an oath, was
deliberately deposing to what he believed to be the '
truth, or what, so far as his own knowledge ex-
tended, he tells us he kneiv. That Mr. Wise did
so believe at the time, I have not (said Mr. G.) the
slightest doubt. He was one whose word, with-
out an oath, would be anywhere received, and he
had only shown the nature and extent of the oath
as proof of the importance which should be at-
tached to the statement, as a thorough, regular,
and properly-conducted investigation, so far as
time would allow it to be carried out.
That, he would tell gentlemen on the other side
of the House, was the Lewis Cass who was now
the Democratic candidate for the Presidency of the
United States. This was the picture of him, not
drawn bv himself, (Mr. G.;) not drawn from any
one in the heat of debate, as he again repeated ; not
extracted from any one under the excitement of the
moment, as he had shown; but it was the deliber-
ate language of a high-minded, whole-souled man,
who was long a member of this House, whose
name and fame were commensurate with the limits ,
of the Union; and he called 011 gentlemen opposite
to mark the statement.
Mr. G. then said: Mr. Speaker, dare you or I,
with this pioof before our eyes, together with that
which is known to us of his political principle"?
and opinions—dare we, I say, confide to him our
destinies, and those of this our common country?
Shall such a man be trusted with the power of the
veto.' Shall the will of such a one, and in any sta-
tion, be permitted to control the will of twenty mil-
lions of others, many of whom are just as good or
better than he, if what we see laid bare be true
now, as it certainly was believed to be when the
statements were made? I regret that we have not
now in this House the powerful aid of him who
set on foot this investigation. Other abuses, per-
haps, might be ferreted out which now may
escape detection. His probing process had, at the
time, given much offence to certain individuals,
and particularly had the venerable editor of the
Richmond Enquirer lamented the degeneracy of
the times which could lead honorable gentlemen to
speak out in such plain terms as their own convic-
tions of duty seemed to require. Accordingly,
some time before, Mr. Ritchie had modestly com-
plained of Mr. Wise's style. He said, in Ilia
paper:
(( Bad Taste.—Mr. Wi«e seems for the present to he imi-
tating rather the example of Tristram Hurjea than the clas-
sical genius of John Randolph. The following extract from
hie s«|>cech of the 12th January in relation to the contingent
expenses of the House, the public printing, and matters and
things in general, fails into the following not very chaste or
classical expression*:
£t i That report broke up the nest, probed the old «ore, and
' laid hare the corruption of that depai tinent. I do not know
< that all the foul matter has run out j er, and that it may not
< yet become men e coriupt than evi r. There aie some other
< department5 winch I chonl.l hkf> to «ee probed. There are
Monr land offices and \ our Indian bureaus, w Inch, if all I
< believe is true, are now and have been for a long tone fes-
Mpnn«r with s-imkitisj cmruption a^ ever nk-eraud the
< Post Office,5 &e. 1 Sir, twenty-five thousand copies of that
' leport were not halt enough foi a population of twelve mil-
' lions. It told a tale of coriuption where all should he
'pure as the air of your mountains in a republic Would
£ that I could believe it would produce a real bona fide reform,
< such as party politicians hold up to the desire and e\p"eta-
< lion of the people, not a reform merelv to tui n nut and put
<m, hut a radical refoim—a cure—a healing of the disea-e.
< It did all it c( iild do: itsnfoimed us of the disease; it let
'outsoinc fetid matter. But I feat it exposed a mo^t fear-
' ful character of the disease— I four u ia the Kinu'-s evil on
'the bodv politic ! It 1* not ahva\sto cure to become in-
< formed of a malady. You m i v stop up one rat-hole, and
' the> will gnaw another. You may cicatu/.e one old .-ore,
< and another will break out on «ome ot hoi part of the body.'
c< A little too much of tin* corrupt style,"
He, however, bad not been deterred from doing
his whole duty, for which he received the thanks
of the pure and patriotic of all parties.
What Mr. G. meant by these references was,
simply to show the dangerous tendencies of Exec-
utive power, and the impropriety, manifest as it
was, of enlarging, by means of .the indiscriminate
use of the veto, that power, now too great for a
republic.
But he had already consumed more time on the
subject of the veto than he intended to do when fie
commenced his remarks. He wished now to call
the attention of his Northern friends, and partic-
ularly the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] who cried out this morning, as did the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Iyerson] yesterday,
Where is the great, good, glorious, and patriotic.
Harry C!ay> To tin's question he would put an-
other: Where is that sweet little fellow, Martin Van
Buren ? [Laughter.] Where is the man on whom
you of the South once bestowed your suffrages,
and who, you said, served yon with fidelity?
Where, men of Virginia, is the " Northern man
with Southern feelings?" His (Mr. G.'s) friends
had warned them how they bestowed their confi-
dence on the little Magician; but the Richmond
Enquirer called upon them to surrender their feais,
and to aid thatgreat exponent of Jeffersonian prin-
ciples, as he was called, to reach the Presidency.
In vain his (Mr. G.'s) friends pointed them to the
fact, that Mr. Van Buren had stood up in the
Convention of New York as the advocate of free
negro suffrage, and 111 her Legislature as a Mis-
souri restrictiomst, and above all, to the equivocal
language which he used in relation to the power
of Congress over slavery in the District of Colum-
bia. On that subject Mr. Van Buren said express-
ly, that he should not feel himself safe m pro-
nouncing the opinion that Congress.had not the
right to abolish slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; yet, when they called the attention of the
country to these things, their Democratic friends
: scoffed at the charge, and said General Harrison
was a gi anny, a coward, an abolitionist, and e\ ei v-
thing that a good man should not be. They said
the same of Mr. Clay, and shed tears, almost, now
that he—so good, so.pure, so honest—shouid have
failed to geuhe Whig nomination. Such was the
lano-ua^they used respecting the hero of Tippe-
canoe and the sage of Ashland. They declared
that Mr. Van Buren, though he hailed from the
North, was peculiarly the guardian of the South,
and that he was the man of their choice rather
than the honored names of Clay, Harrison, Bar-
