974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
bour, or White, of Tennessee. No, said they, in-
stead of any Southern-born man, give us this .[North-
ern man, who has claims because he betrays the
North, and thus shows his devotion to the South.
But where is he now? They had pushed him by
and cast him off, as a gentleman said here yesterday,
44 like old clothes;" and there was none, not even
the gentleman from Michigan, so poor as to do
him reverence. Where is the South on this occa-
sion ? Where are Southern men who have so
often eulogized this man of Kinderhook ? i fancy
I see them now, at home apologizing for their
friend by telling the ignorant that the Whigs have
bought him up, and that he is in fact a Whig, al-
ways was one, and ever will be, so long as the
Whigs have power to carry on bargain, intrigue,
and corruption. The Whig party everywhere in
the South had cautioned their Democratic friends,
but they neglected the warning. They stood by
Mr. Van Buren, who was now taken up by the
Abolitionists of the North, of whom gentlemen had
such a horror, though they had now discovered
he was tainted with feelings which they condemned,
and that,likeso ieother men, he, too, has iladous;h-
face."
And now he wished to call the attention of the
House to some remarks made elsewhere, which
related to a subject of great importance to us all.
But, first, he would ask the members of this House
if they had seen these two lives of General Cass
which had recently been put foith by his friends.
They talked of the Wh ig pai ty concealing its opin-
ions and the opinions of its candidate, and yet
they so mystified the opinions of the man they
sustained, by suppressing and interpolating them,
that no one under the sun could tell what his opin-
ions «rft. Ask a Democrat of the North, and he
will get a life of Gen. C. designed for circulation
m the North. Ask one of the South, and you
would be referred to his opinions as published in
the life designed for circulation in the South. As
no gentleman in this House had thought proper to
call the attention of the country to this fact, he
would now do so. He held in his hand two lives
of Lewis Cass, printed at the Globe Office in this
city, within a short time; and of this General
Lewis Cass, on pages seventh and eighth, they
were favored with the following, which he him-
self had headed,"For the South,"{,For the North,"
as he had no doubt they were so designed:
For the South. Foil tiie North.
" In the winter <>t I8i7, the ' Wilniot provi-o' wa< intro-
duce 1 into the: Senate as .in amendment to the three million
bill, by a. Federal rfenatot hom New England. Tfie de^itjri
of tiie mover was evid mtly to defeat the parage of the bill
to \\ ineli it wa.-> to be attaened, and to embari a>s the Admin-
istritmn in the prosecution of the wat. GcmhmI Cass voted
against the proviso, lor iea>on^ given in ins >peech on toe
occasion.
" It was during the sessions «It was during the sessions
of tm^ Congress mat the t infF of tins Congress that the tariff'
of lb43 ami the ,ud.'pendent of 18iG and the independent
trea-mrv were established It tieasur> were established.—
not alone to the exclusive (Jenernl Cass give to tlie^e
champion of free trade and 2!eat measuics the weight of
the ulna advocate ot a haid his influence, ami his zealous
motity eutreuey that the op- and unflinching Mippoit. At
po,Witts of pi otection .md t.ie the close ot that Congress,
enemies or a paper cunenej Gfd. Ca-^ \\.i< muted by the
are to look (oi the detect of Democratic members ot the
tho^c m'rtsuie-3, Such men L"i>islamte o; New York to
are ii-uall} m the pursuit of partake of a public dinner at
*<">:ne theoretical ab.-traenon, Albany. a* a inaik ol their
which gives them but litlie appreciation ot ins Imiliaiu
influence with practical men. public sei vices, and theu e<s-
Bnt]1to men oi enlarged and tnnation ot his character as a
lilieial v.ew-, whose btiengili man. This honor, however,
ot character and nWnenoe he declined.''
cam coiiviction wnh tbeir
action, that the country i.-s
indebted tm uidital and hen-
ericia! tefoi ni<. (Jenna! Ca>s
gave i„ih '>«' great inea-ures
the \\v>iiht ot hi-, influent, e
and In • ze.dou- and unriinch-
inu •mppoit. At the clo-e of
th.it <_ongie^, G'neial Cass
was invied by tiie Dctno-
cr itic member* of tiie Legu-la-
tilli ol New York t<> partake
of.i p.ibiie (.innei at Albanj, as a mark of tli^ir appreciation
of lu? hnlli.uit public -."iwee* and their estimation ot ins
chai.iotet a man. T.u* iiouoi, however, lie deehned.
In Dec inlK-r. Is47, Gmeial Ci^ '/ave his views at Jensjlh
upo-i tiie • Wilinof piovisu.* in a letter to Mt. Michol-on, of
Tenner.-e. In that Wtvii he avuw.-d himself opposed to
the lnea^uie, and io Uie exeici^e ot au\ leji-latioa by Con-
j i  59 ov.raiu of tlii* T< rinones ot tne United £tat^, t«'-
!-|>ectnr|r tne domestic iWation-. of then inhabitants lie be-
ll., wd that ait (jiK'stion-of til it natm<' MiouM ue -etded by
the p-opi • tii ui-eive-i. w io ought to l>-  allowed ' to n-sni-
) ito t!i"ii niieriuil cxneeni^ in theu own w.iv, and that
Congress h.i-- no moie p wei to ai) )ii-!i or est ih i-h ^ia\ ery
in sueii Tei iitoues tuan it ha-. to regui ue anv oihet ot the_
rel itive duties of mortal hie—that of husbind and wire, ot
parent and child, or of master aud servant. He said, in cou-
clu-ion: 4 The VViimot proviso ^eeks to fake from it* 1c-
f guiniate tribunal a question of do.ne.-tic policy having no
(relation to the Union as <ur h, and to transferitto another,
'created by the people for a special purpose, and foreign to
{the subject-matter involved in this i^ue. By going back
{io our true puncipleS; we go back to the road of peace and
'safety. Leave to the people who will be affected bvthis
'question, to adjust it upon their own responsibility and in
' their own manner, and we shall render another tribute to
1 the original principle* of our Government, and furnish l
'another guarantee lor its permanence and prosperity.' " I
Here were pamphlets, then, which were intend-
ed for sectional circulation, in all respects identical .
with each other, except as set out in the extracts \
read. Talk about tricks; about sneaking into
power unworthily! Where was so palpable an j
attempt to do so as here, in this detected instance? !
He, did not charge on gentlemen on this floor that
they did it. He would not apply such language ;
to them, though there were men who, to advance I
their purpose by the election of General Cass, were '
base enough to do it, as was shown to the satisfac- j
tion of all. He called upon gentlemen to notice :
the facts, but he impeached the motives of none. I
The country would see that, in the Southern Life,
assurances of support to Southern institutions were
given, (.just such as Mr. Van Buren gave.) Ex-
tracts were given from the Nicholson letter, which
was deemed of so much importance as to have been !
called out by a letter addressed to General Cass by
Southern gentlemen on this floor. Yet, important j
as it was, giving his peculiar views, as it did, it is
shamelessly suppressed in the Life intended for the
JSorth, where these opinions were known to be
unpalatable. Could not the most blind, the most
ignorant see that an attempt is made at deception?
And, he asked, is there a Single member of this
House who could stand up in his place and defend
such an act r In the country he hoped there would i
be none, and that every honest Democrat would j
repudiate at the polls the man with the " two dough- ;
faces" thus attempted to be played ofF upon them, j
But gentlemen had called upon the Whig party i
to tell the country what their principles were; what
they go for, and what was their platform. He i
would tell those gentlemen, and the country would '
tell them, that, if they had no other than that of ,
unyielding, unchanging opposition to the increase '
of Presidential powers, and the corrupting increase .
of the patronage of this Government, they would
have a platform broad enough for all Whigs to stand j
upon, and on which they would stand, with many j
honorable spirits with whom gentlemen opposite I
were now associated. He saw the signs of the !
times in the Old Dominion; he saw that there were j
men with the independence and the boldness to |
come out and disavow the acts of those with whom '
they had been united, and who avowed that they i
would not supportany man whose friends put forth !
two books to make known his opinions, as they j
professed, while those opinions were artfully sup- -
pressed in one of them. They had asserted that j
General Taylor was afraid to avow his principles: ;
while here was a document from the office of their ,
own party press which showed satisfactorily that i
they were afraid of the opinions of General Cass. !|
He called their attention to the speech of the talent- i
ed Yancey, of Alabama, a member of the Cass
Convention, who said, in his nomination the South
had been betrayed. If they would not hear such
men, they would not believe though one rose from 'j
the dead. Pie put it to them if they could or would
discredit that young, honorable, and talented man ; ,
He (Air. G.) had had the honor of serving with 1
him in this Hall, and he therefore knew how to
appreciate his statements. He already had taken ■
the alarm. He saw that there was danger brood-
ing; and now, as they were called on in 1840, he i
(Mr. G.) appealed to them to look to their rights, ,
and not to fold their arms until the danger was \
over: not until 1852, when the election might come
on again, and when General Cass might be thrown :
aside, as Mr. Van Buren had been, when he, too, '
as it was now discovered by his Democratic friends, !
had two sets of opinions, the one for the South ,j
and the other for the North. •]
Mr. McCLELLAND said he had taken some ,
two or three thousand of the first edition of the i
life of General Cass, containing the extract relative :
to the, Wilmot proviso, and had circulated them !
north of Mason and Dixon's line. j
Mr. GOGGiN hoped the gentleman would ex- :
cuse him. He did not wish to be interrupted. He 'i
had not questioned the fact which the gentleman ;
had stated. He wished now to call the attention .!
of gentlemen to another point. >
Mr. INGE rose and made an observation which
was inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. GOGGIN said he did not wish to be dis-
courteous, but he preferred not to be interrupted,
for he had but a very short portion of time remain-
ing. He had not charged Mr. Yancey with being
a supporter of General Taylor, if that was what
the gentleman had said. He never thought such
a thing. But he knew one thing, and that was,
that Mr. Yancey would not support Lewis Cass.
What he had to say he wished to say to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. McClelland,] who
was here the champion of General Cass, and on
all points of order when raised, and in managing
the business of the House, he would do him the
justice to say that he deserved great credit; he had
that talent which he (Mr. G.) almost envied.
Mr. McCLELLAND took exception to the re-
mark of the gentleman ftom Virginia, and was
understood to say that he was not in the habit of
raising points of order, though he might have
taken part m the discussions on those raised by
others.
Mr. GOGGIN had admitted that the gentleman
was happy on points of order when raised. He
intended no reflection on the gentleman. He had
thought he was complimenting the gentleman. [A
laugh.] But to return to what he was about to
say. When this bill was under debate yesterday,
the gentleman had taken the floor, and was report-
ed as saying:
'•Mr. McClelund remarked that the ?entlem«in had
spoken of tins piovision for the Savannah rivei having been
voted on several tunes, and of the Committee of Way- and
Means beins sustained by the House. Xdw, he wt-hed to
dsk tins question • In Committee ol the Whole, had not the
Whig* voted agamst the appropriation contained in this
item, and then recoided then votes for it m the House."
That was what the gentleman said the Whigs
had voted against m committee.
Mr. McCLELLAND and others rose, and de-
sired to make observations.
Mr. GOGGIN said gentlemen no doubt voted
as they said; he did not question the fact; but,
strange as it seemed, in the instance alluded to,
Ihe Whigby as the gentleman said, voted against the
appropriation m committee. How this was, he did
not know; they had generally voted for it in the
House, and so stood on the record. This they did
no doubt because they had seen the propriety of
the improvement, which was actually recommend-
ed by the Secretary of War and endorsed by the Pres-
ident. They might have given this vote in the
House, too, with the fullest confidence that gentle-
men on the other side would stand up to what
they had just pledged themselves in the following
resolution, which had been passed by that veiy
body but a few days since:
"•Resolved, That the Constitution of the United State?
ve-u m Congress* tiie power to appropnate mo?>py to open
and improve harbors and remove o.imunions from naviga-
ble rivers, in all cases where •such improvements are nect-.-
sary to the protection and facility ot eomineicc with foieign
nation^, or th" eotrimeroe ainoim the States."'
This resolution passed th s House by a vote of
128 to 58: the gentleman and 26 of his party voting
for it, while 24 of them did not vote at ah. Had
not these, he would ask, had not other gentlemen,
given evidence* of changes of opinion? And when
gentlemen talked about changes in the committee,
they should look, too, to the House.
He wished now to show what were regarded as
Whig principles by a large majority of the people
in 1839. There was an extract of what appeared
in the Richmond Enquirer in 1633 as the Wing
doctrine geneially referred to, and copied by Tnos.
Ritchie, Esq., who was known to gentlemen on
this floor, from another paper, the Nashville, Ban-
ner-
'•With th° editor* of the Richmond Whu. we hold that
all aye fi'hiz* who zo for a ckin°c of ru'ejs— who rue ni
tivorof letorintn^ abu-e^—ot lihimny li\eeuti\j power—
of retrenching the immense annual exoen-e* oi the Fi--i-ei.il
Government, nictea>ed by the €''0nQina I jit moeiat*. from
thiitecn to fortu millions—for lesonini' th-  national domain
Ironi the tund of Executive patronage—foi -uup;es>i:iii the
intertlii-nee ofofriee-holder:? with the ireedoiunf eU1' Iioms:
m fare, we hold tint all ate WIu'J-j who are tor artt-'tinj th^
i/mantie stride* of Govenim"tit tou.mU d-'-p"ti"<in. and tiie
tendeuey of it« eleenon-'eii'ig |>.'l.e\ io imo.duce univ
eoi, Upturn. Mr Rives w an einn>t?i' W/,-o- or th'S
n*e trw-t hy nl' means he Will be reelected."—„Y,*Bi.li-
ner, Jmiu ay '24.
Here, then, were what weie said to be Whig
principles in 1^39, and yet the gentleman told them
that in 134U they had no principles, their cry being
log cabin, hard cider, and coon skins. Mr. G. said
he had stood upon this platform then, with other
