1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
must be .stricken from the statute-book. It is
true, O King Caucus, when I was vexed with Mr.
Marcy, I said that this Government ought to take
six or seven States from Mexico, and hold them;
but since I see that the Locofoco candidate, Gen-
eral Cass, thinks this country might swallow the
whole of Mexico and not be materially damaged,
he has so far outdone me, I take that back, and
say, in the language of the great Washington:
'Why should we quit our own, to stand on for-
eign ground?' And therefore, like you, 0 King
Caucus, 1 am for taking no land at all."
Now, General Taylor had not the face, in view
of all he had said, to make this speech in proper
person, but he appointed c.ommissioneYs to do so,
and when it was done, King Caucus took the
whole matter under advisement: u Mr. Clay is a
great man, and a man of principle, but, unfortu-
nately, his principles are too well known. If we
risk a battle under that leader, his whereabouts is
so well known we shall surely be vanquished, and
all of our hopes of office will fail. But General
Taylor is not openly committed. When asked,
"What are his principles ? we can reply, Did he not
fight for his country! When charged with giving
aid and comfort to the enemy, we can say: Yes,
Old Zack did give them aid and comfort with a
vengeance! When asked, What measures will he
recommend? we can answer: A little more grape,
Captain Bragg! Thus we can effect by indirec-
tion, what we cannot do directly. As we have
forced him to surrender before he starts, it is very
■certain we can guide him after the reins of power
are placed in his hands." And thus King Caucus
decreed General Taylor should be the captain.
I shall oppose the election of General Taylor,
because, having never declared his principles, his
supposed availability is based upon the hypothesis,
that the people, unable to detect the game of de-
ception by which no principles are made to fit
every man's principles, will be influenced in their
action solely by an admiration for military ex-
ploits. I humbly conceive an appeal is made to
the passions, and not to the understandings of the
voters. An election carried by such influences,
degrades our countrymen, and reflects dishonor
upon our free republican institutions.
I shall oppose the election of General Taylor, be-
cause he belongs to the standing army; that branch
of service from which have proceeded those men
who have overturned all preceding republics, and
were so much dreaded by our ancestors. He now
wears his epaulets upon his shoulders, and girds a
sword to his side, and is, at this moment, in com-
mand of a strong force, subject to his order. I
have no objection to men who have won military
distinction—such a man as Washington was, or
Jackson, or Harrison. But these men were taken
from private life, at the time they were run for the
Presidency; they had no banded legions to make
their elevation dangerous to liberty.
After Washington had evinced military talent in
the Indian wars, while yet a young man he returned
to private life, and there remained for seventeen
years, till he was sent by his own State to the first
■Congress which assembled in the United States,
before they were yet independent. While a mem-
ber of Congress, he was elected commander-in-
chief of the American army; he remained in com-
mand only so long as the war lasted, and then re-
signed his commission and retired to private life,
where he remained until he was elected a delegate
to the Convention which furmed the Federal Con-
stitution. Of that body he was the President, and,
therefore, had as much civil as military experience
when he was elected the first President after the
adoption of the present Constitution. He was first
in peace as well as first in war. He was a citi-
zen-soldier; and great as was his worth and purity,
I do not believe our jealous forefathers would have
called him to the Presidential chair with a sword
in his hand.
Jackson, too, was a citiz.en-soldier. When war's
alarms first aroused the patriotism of the country,
he tiirew aside his law books, and shouldered his
musket. The peace of his country having been
won, he again resumed the duties of his profession:
he had been lawyer, judge, Senator of the United
States, member of the convention which formed the
constitution of the State of Tennessee, and Gov-
ernor of a Territory, and his civil experience had
been far greater than his military.
Harrison had been, at an early day, connected
with the army of the United States; but he remained
in the army but a short time: he had also been the
Governor ofa Territory, delegate to Congress,
Senator of the United States, a negotiator of many
Indian treaties, minister at a foreign court, and,
finally, clerk of the court of common pleas in
Ohio. He was a civilian; in the opinion of his
friends, an orator, a classical scholar, an elegant
writer; but he, too, was a citizen-soldier.
General Cass is also a citizen-soldier; he has been
United States marshal. When the wild blast of war
sweptover theNorthwest,heabandoned hisprivate
business, and volunteered to fight the battles of his
country; and after good service, and after he had
been promoted to the office of brigadier general by
Mr. Madison, he was appointed and served with
distinguished ability as Governor of a territory, as
negotiator of many important Indian treaties, ac-
companied with great hazard, as Secretary of War,
as minister at a foreign court, and finally, Senator^
of the United States, where his nomination found
him, and he immediately retired to private life.
General Taylor, however, has no experience but
in arms, and he is the first man in the whole his-
tory of the Government, without any civil experi-
ence, who has aspired to the highest civil office
in the world. Others may do as they will, but as
for me and mine, we will resist this untried ex-
periment.
If I had another hour, I would proceed with
these reasons, because they could be greatly mul-
tiplied; but I discover the sands of my hour are
fast wasting away.
When i cast my eye over the map of the world,
and compare our happy country with the benighted
condition of uncivilized nations, and the troubled
state of civilized Europe, I feel proud of that bright
flag which floats from the dome of your Capitol,
and under whose protection we sit and deliberate
in safety. It is associated with every high and
lofty feeling—with all that elevates, adorns, enno-
bles, and dignifies man. It is emblematical of the
onward and upward progress of our great Confed-
eracy. It sheds its light and power over •' the land
of the free and the home of the brave." It spreads
its ample folds from ocean to ocean. Under it, our
ships plough every sea, and our commerce reaches
to every port. Under it, but lately, our army has
marched in triumph, from victory to victory, until
it proudly waved from the lofty capital of Mexico.
An expensive war has been waged till we have con-
quered aglorious peace, without deranging the busi-
ness operations of the country, and without a single
financial panic. Allthearts of peacehaveadvanced,
and become more perfect and useful. Improvements
in our internal communication have kept up their
onward progress; railroads have lengthened out
their serpentine tracks, and grappled and cemented
the bonds of our Union. Lightning flashes along
our telegraphic wires, and friends a thousand miles
apart hold converse with each other, as though face
to face. Our people are contented, thriving, indus-
trious, cheerful, prosperous, and happy.
What were the great measures which stimulated
and secured this result? The wise, just, equal
tariff of 1846, and the abandonment of the banking
system, and the return to a constitutional currency,
and the preservation of the integrity of the rights
of the States, by abstaining from the exercise of
any power not clearly conferred by the Constitu-
tion-
Under such circumstances, the people ask for no
changc. The people want no change of measures;
they do not believe, with General Taylor," a change
of men and measures necessary to arrest the down-
ward tendency of our national affairs." They will
maintain the ascendency of those measures, for
the establishment of which they have so long
struggled; and the ides of November will prove
their attachment to those men who have been so
faithful and efficient in carrying out their high be-
hests. It is impossible they should build up so
splendid an edifice, and, immediately after enter-
ing- into the full enjoyment of the fruits of their
labor, they should turn, and, with ruthiess hands,
raze this magnificent structure to the ground. Mobs
may be fickle; but my confidence is unwavering,
that intelligent freemen will stand firm, unflinching,
and unmoved; and the result of the pending elec-
tion will eventuate to the honor, glory, and perpe-
tuity of our institutions.
Mr. BARROW said: As I was accidentally ab-
sent yesterday, Mr. Speaker, when the vote was
taken by which the civil and diplomntic bill was
rejected, I have a desire to make a few remarks
upon the motion for a reconsideration now pending;
and as I have troubled the House but rarely during
the session, I hope this desire will not be deemed
unreasonable. I shall endeavor to compress what
I have to say into one-half the time allotted to me
by a rule of the House.
Had I been present, I should have voted for the
bill, although a favorite amendment—that for the
repair of the dam in the Ohio river, at Cumberland
Island—was rejected in Committee of the Whole.
I had cherished the hope, sir, that my amendment
would be adopted, as, apart from its great import-
ance to the internal commerce of the valley of the
Mississippi, I had long since discovered that a
large portion of the Democratic party m this House
entertained no "constitutional scruples" as to the
power of the General Government to remove ob-
structions from rivers and harbors. This hope,
too, was increased by the fact, that the amendment
was similar to the clause in the bill, as reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means, by which an
appropriation was made for the Savannah river,
and that it could be sustained by kindred argu-
ments. The dam in the Ohio river—which, in its
present dilapidated condition, has become an ob-
struction to navigation—was placed there by the
Government nearly fifteen years ago, under the
administration, too, of General Jackson, a strict
constructionist and an anti-internal improvement
man, in the opinion of those of the present day
who seek to strengthen their own unstable posi-
tion by the use of a great name. It was never en-
tirely completed, and within a year or two past, it
has been so much injured by high floods and other
causes, that it has become dangerous to boats passing
up or down, while the depth of the channel on the
opposite side of the island has been considerably
lessened. It is certainly, therefore, an obstruction,
created by the Government, and which they are
bound to abate, either by repairing or removing it.
If they will not do the first, let them do the last,
and thus place the navigation of this great river in
the same condition in which it was before the pas-
sage of the act of 1833. To destroy, to be suie,
would be much mort expensive than to build up;
but this may not be considered by the "progres-
sive" portion of the Democracy as a sufficient
argument to overcome their " constitutional" ob-
jections.
I should have taken these and other grounds,
Mr. Speaker, in support of my amendment, could
I have had the opportunity of addressing the Com-
mittee of the Whole or the House upon it. It
was rejected, and though, I thought, unreasonably,
I did not choose to vote against a similar appropii-
ation for the Savannah riv< r, as I considered it
proper and necessary, and as I trust I shall never
be found legislating from feelings of disappoint-
ment or spite, or from sectional considerations.
Let us now approach the more general and im-
portant points of the subject before us.
A strange spectacle has been presented in this
House during the present session. It has been
ordinarily the case in the history of parties in this
country, that those who professed to coincide in
opinion with an existing Administration were found
ready to support its recommendations, and that
those who were considered the opposition were not
depended upon, or looked to, as the means by
which these recommendations would be passed.
But what have we seen in this House? A large
portion, if not a majority, of the Democratic party
arrayed in opposition to the recommendations of
an Administration which they aided to bring into
power, and of which, on occasions when they be-
lieve political capital may be made, they are still
willing to profess to be the ardent suppouers. Re-
fer to the naval and other appropiiation bills of the
present session, and you will find a large number
of the names of gentlemen on the opposite side of
the Chamber recorded in the negative. What wil
you find in reference to the course of the Whigs.
That they have stood up like patriots, and sus-
tained, almost to a man, the measures necessary to
carry on the Government, even though they were
recommended by an Administration for whien they
had but little cause to entertain either altcction or
respect. The course of our opponents is the high-
est compliment that could have been paid to the
' Whi°"S. They would not have ventured to vote
i to withhold the necessary supplies, had they not
- believed that this side of the House would not
! permit a factious or disorganizing spirit to niter-
I fere with the duty of legislators and patriots. Let
