980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
them play the demagogue as they might, they
knew that the Whig party would not sacrifice or
disicgard the interests of the country, and that
they would be ready to sustain the recommenda-
tions even of this Administration, when they
thought those interests demanded it. How loudly
does this conduct of our opponents speak m favor
of the conservatism and liberality of the Whig
party!
I am reminded, Mr. Speaker, by my friend from
North Carolina [Mr. Barringer] of another fact.
The Whigs have been denounced upon this floor,
and throughout the countiy, as "traitors," because
they were not ready to vote for eveiy thing the
Executive demanded, to carry on his schemes of
conquest; and because, among other tlnngs, they
refused to pUce ten additional regiments at his con-
trol, when every breeze from Mexico bore the glad
tidings of the prospect of peace. Yes; even then,
because they were unwilling to increase, unneces-
sary, the expenditures of the Government, and
especially to swell the already overshadowing and
corrupting patronage of the Executive, they were
accused of " moral treason." JNow, however,
when appropriations are needed for domestic in-
terests, and for carrying on our Government as it
already exists—when something is asked for the
purpose of maintaining peace, by increasing the
means of friendly intercommunication with other
nations, or for strengthening those foitifications
which have been erected at home for defence
against foreign aggression or invasion, we find
many of these self-styled patriots, these devoted
and untiring promoters of the honor and glory of
their country, manfully uttering an indignant No,
and leaving the support of the recommendations
of their own Administration to the derided and
slandered Whigs! Is this consistency ? Can the
Demoerdts in this House, who have acted in this
manner, justify themselves before the country?
Where will the people hereafter look for patriot-
ism and liberality—for bioad and impartial legis-
lation > Let the course of the two parties in this
House, during the present session, furnish the
reply.
It may not be inappropriate, Mr. Speaker, to
inquire into the motives of such conduct. 1 shall
do so with all proper lespect, but at the same time
with candor and fearlessness.
I well recollect having listened with considerable
interest, a few months ago, to the speech of a dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts, ("Mr.
Webster,] delivered in his place in the Senate.
Amongst other things, he predicted what would be
the result of the nomination at Baltimore, so far as
Mr. Polk was concerned; how that, after the 22d
May, he—now so much courted and flattered—
would sink to the level of other men, forgotten or
disregarded, while the apotheosis which had been
promised to him would be reserved for the fortu-
nate nominee, whether he were a novus homo, who
might be selected because he was unknown out of
his own county or village, or the hackneyed poli-
tician who had occupied different positions on the
same question, or had been " everything by turns,
and nothing long.5' He depicted, in graphic terms,
the prominent traits in the charactei of the Demo-
crats of our time, and most happily hit them off
when he said that they weie unlike the sunflower
—they would never be found ready to
" Turn to their god when he sets
The same look winch (they) gave when he rose."
How completely has this prediction been verified !
We find the same men, or many of them, voting ■
against the recommendations of the Administra- '
tion, in the last year of its existence, whose very !
slightest behest they were willing to ratify when it
was first installed in power—men now withhold-
ing their support from impoitant appropriation ■
bills suggested by this same Administration, who 1
did not hesitate to vote for the establishment of the
rank of Lieutenant General, and the granting of
three millions to buy the peace from Santa Anna '
which was to be so easily and so gloriously con- ■
queud I They now avert their eyes from James ,
K. Polk, either in indifference or disgust, and fix ,
them, in fond adulation, upon their future idol— |
the nominee of the Baltimore Convention !
Another motive may be attributed to these gen- ;
tlemen. A Presidential contest is approaching— j
a contest in which it is believed by many far-seeing !
Democrats that their candidate will come out
" second best." It is important for them, there-
fore, that every point of advantage should be ;
seized, and that they should increase their capital
by fictitious additions. They will go before the
people and endeavor to show that the Whigs have
been wastefully extravagant: that they have been
ready to vote for any and every appropriation.
They will talk piteously of the manner m which
the hard earnings of the poor have been squan-
dered by the " Federal-Mexican Whigs," and will
point to the Journals to furnish evidence of their
own economy and thriftiness! But they will be
met everywhere, and when all the facts are spread
before a just and intelligent people, the result may
be safely anticipated.
Another strange spectacle, Mr, Speaker, has
been piesented upon tins floor. A large number
of the Demociatic party believe in the constitu-
tionality and necessity of internal improvements—
how many I will not venture to specify; but I
shall not be far from the mark when I say about
one-third. Twenty-five of them voted for the first
of the series of resolutions reported by the Com-
mittee of Commerce, the other day, in favor of a
judicious system of internal improvements, and I
have no doubt, from what I have seen during this
session, that others are of the same way of think-
ing. Well, sir, what did we find when the civil
and diplomatic bill was upon its final passage?
Only eltven of this number were ready to adhere to
the position they had previously occupied by
voting for a bill containing an appropriation of
$50,000 for the Savannah river. The otheis were
either in the negative or m—ihe vocative.
What could have been the reason for the conduct
of these gentlemen ? Either that this item was m-
appropiiately inserted, or that they knew that the
President's veto would be applied if it were re-
tained in the bill. Let us examine each of these
points for a few moments.
I would ask the Speaker of this House, and
others who have been here longer than he, if they
have not, on repeated occasions, in the course of
their legislative caieer, found items inserted m dif-
ferent bills to which they were less appropriate
than this item is to the bill which was rejected yes-
terday ? Though my own experience here is short,
I have been m the habit for year3 of looking close-
ly into the proceedings of Congress, and I may
safely say that I have often discovered amendments
to bills of various descnptions less germane, less
in place, than this small appropriation for clearing
out obstructions in an important river, and thus
improving our internal commerce, can be deemed
in a bill providing for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penditures of the Government. In the present
crowded state of our legislation, Mr. Speaker, this
must often be the case. The business before us of
a public and private character has greatly increased
within a few years past, and is increasing every
day, and many matters of great importance will be
postponed from session to session, and probably
forever, if we await the passage of a separate bill
for each, or refuse to take advantage of the oppor-
tunity that may be offered to bring them in, by
way of amendments to such bills as are usually 1
allowed the piecedence in this House. Besides 1
this general consideration, however, which must 1
forcibly strike every one, we have had two or more ■
instances presented to us during this debate where ■
amendments were inserted in general appropriation
bills, at previous sessions of Congress, and by '
Democratic votes, too, without hesitation or ques-
tion, which were as much, or more, out of place
than the proposed appropriation for the Savannah
river in the rejected civil and diplomatic bill. Pre-
cedent and necessity may both, therefore, be ad-
duced to justify the insertion of this section; and I
cannot believe that our Democratic friends would
disregaid both, unless some other motive, some
more poweiful influence, was at work upon them
than the mere apprehension that they weie doing
wrong to insert an appropriation for internal im-
provements, to which many of them are not op-
posed, in a general hill of this description.
We can have no difficulty, Mr. Speaker, in dis-
covering what this controlling motive is. It has
been disclosed upon this floor with but little deli-
cacy and without much respect for the dignity and
independence of this House. The President of
the United States will veto this bill if tins obnox-
ious clause is retained, and we ought, therefore, to
pass the bill without it! This is the tenor if not
the very words of assurances oi threats which
have been made here with a view of influencing
the representatives of the people, and of bringing 1
them, subservient and cringing, to the footstool of
the Executive. For one, I spurn such an influ-
ence, and utterly deny that the intentions or wishes
of the President should have the slightest effect
upon our conduct here. Our Constitution and
earlier annals plainly show that the legislative de-
partment was intended to be entirely independent
of the Executive. The former, in fact, declares,
in so many words, that the legislative powers of
the Government shall be vested in the Senate and
House of Representatives, while it points out the
separate and peculiar duties of the Executive.
Notwithstanding this strongly-marked separation,
however, the doctrines broached within the last
fifteen years, and sustained at no time with more
boldness than during the present Administration,
in reference to the power and prerogative of the
President, have been of the most startling charac-
ter, and should arrest the attention of the most
thoughtless or confiding. Not only has the actual
veto been frequently thrust into this Hail and made
to play the part of the executioner of the interest's
and wishes of the people, but it is now held up to
us in advance, and we are called upon to shape
our measures, if we would avoid its blighting
presence again, so as to meet the views or scruples
of our good lord and master, the President. We
are told, in effect, that wewould save much breath
and much time if we would ascertain beforehand,
by whatever means we may, whether this or that
bill will not be so tainted by someamendment or sec-
tion, deemed by us to be proper and important, and
not at all unfragrant, as to smell rank in the deli-
cate nostrils of the Executive, and thus produce?
the rejection of the whole measure. The Presi-
dent is made, not only a part of the legislative
power, but he becomes, in fact, the Congress of
the United States, making what laws he pleases,
and bending the coordinate branches of the Gov-
ernment—which were intended as checks and bal-
ances—as well as the interests of the people, to his
supreme will and pleasure. Why, sir, if these
doctiines prevail, our boasted institutions would
be much less acceptable to a freeman than those
which it was the object of our Revolution to throw
off. Our Government would become a despotism
of the worst sort, because, in the midst of party
excitement and with Democratic professions in its
mouth, it would always be able to gather the de-
ceived and the corrupt to its support. In a real
despotism, such as Turkey presents, or which
prevails to a great extent in Russia, we should
make no struggle, and our very submission would
ensure our safety, by securing the few privileges
we might possess, while by a Government claiming
to be Democratic—to be constantly alive to the
rights and interests of the people—the very effort
to resist its oppressions and expose its duplicity
would be denounced as "moral treason,''inces-
sant appeals being made the meanwhile to the
prejudices and passions of those who feared no
danger to their liberties, because they would be-
lieve that they had uniformly enjoyed them with-
out unjust control or illegal limitation.
The encroachments of the Executive, Mr. Speak-
er, upon the privileges and rights of Congress and
of the people, whose opinions it was intended to
embody and express, have always furnished
groundsof apprehension to real patriots, or to those
who professed to be so, from the commencement
of our Government. Many of the sages of the era
of the formation of our Constitution, with a fore-
sight almost superhuman, foreshadowed, m elo-
quent terms, the dangers that might result from
the power bestowed upon the Executive. Men of
more recent date, but hardly less distinguished,
have also raised their warning voice against the
encroachments of this department. Andrew Jack-
son and Thomas H. Benton—arcadts ambo, with
the Democracy—v\ere found, some twenty years
ago, in the ranks of those who resisted the increase
of Executive power, and sought to control the ex-
penditures of the Government and the improper
exercise of its patronage. 1 need not recall the
recollection of this House to the celebrated v4 East
Room''* letter—that is a musty document, and has
been long since sent to the tomb of the Capulets,
disappointed and unaneled—a document of which
its distinguished author, the embryo lieutenant
general, has since repented no doubt in sackcloth
and ashes. But, sir, I will recall one of the recol-
lections of my own youth—a recollection which is
intimately associated with the most celebrated of
the two names I have mentioned. Amongst the
