98-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21.
which was explained two days ago, in the record-
ing of the vote of his colleague, [Mr. Stephens,] 1
when the vote on finking out the appropriation
for the Savannah river was changed, the Speaker :
decided that the vote ordering; the engrossment was .
null andvoid;and therefoie that the motion would
again be put on ordering the bill to be engrossed.
Mr. STEPR ENS moved an adjournment, which 1
was agreed to. '
And the House adjourned. |
IN SENATE. |
Friday,"Jw/y 21, 1848. ;
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition :
from Amos Kendall, late Postmaster General, and '
John E. Kendall, asking that provision may be 1
made for s'ecuring the payment of a claim against j
the Western Cherokee Indians out of the money I
due by the United States to those Indians; which 1
was referred to the Committee 011 Indian Affairs. ■
Mr. PRARCE presented a petition from Louisa ;
Catharine Adams, and other liens of Joshua John-
son > deceased, asking the settlement of the ac- j
counts of the deceased, late consul and commercial 1
agent at London, on principles of equity, and the j
payment of any balance which may be found due i
for his services; which was referred to the Com- 1
mittee on Claims. I
On motion of Mr, DICKINSON, it was
Resolved, That the Committor on Militaiy Affairs be in-
structed to inquire-into the piopnety of ^ivm« to the volun-
teers who have served in the vvai with Mexico the amis
and accoutrements svitli which they have petlermed said
seivice.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, it was j
Revolted, That the Committee on Printing be instructed ;
to inquire and repott to the Senate what extra public docu-
ment.-!, and what number of each, the Senate has ordeied to 1
be printed tins senior); what number of each ha? been j
printed and delivered, ami when the remainder are likely I
to by punted and delivered. j
Mr. DIX, from the select committee to whom 1
was referred the memorial of Miss Dix, reported
a bill making a grant of public lands to the several
States of the Union for certain purposes; which
was read a first time.
[This bill grants to the several States five mil-
lions of acres, to be apportioned in the comparative
ratio of the geographical area and the representa-
tion of said States in the House of Representatives,
according to the census of 1850.]
Mr. DIX gave notice that he should call up the
bill at an early day for discussion.
The resolution offered by Mr. Hale, calling for
information from the Navy Department relative to
the punishment of seamen in the United States
vessels, was taken up and agreed to.
The amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill authorizing the sale of a certain public
reservation 111 the city of Washington, was con- 1
cuned in.
JNAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. ATHERTON moved tiiat the Senate re-
sume the consideiation of the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. YULEE hoped that this bill would not be
taken up to-day. He had several amendments
which he had been instructed to move fiom the
Committee on Naval Affairs, which he was not
prepared now to submit. Other amendments
would also be offered, and it would be impossible
to get through the bill to-day, especially as the
Senator from Delaware had given notice of his
intention to call up the Territorial bill, after the
morning hour.
Mr. ATHERTON said that the very reason
urged by the Senator against taking up the bill,
that many amendments would be offered, ought to
induce the Senate to take it up. The service was
suffering through the delay of this bill. And if
we could not get through, some of the amend-
ments might be disposed of.
Mr. ALLEN expressed a hope that the bill would
be taken up, and some progress be made 111 it.
Mr. CLAYTON gave notice that at twelve
o'clock he should feel it his duty to arrest the dis-
cussion of this lull, for the purpose of taking up
the Territorial bill for consideration.
The bill was then taken up, and the question
pending being the motion of Mr. Lewis to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of Mr.
Niles had been agreed to—
Mr. PHELPS gave briefly some reasons which
would induce him to change his vote on the amend- |
ment introduced by Mr. Niles, in favor of which j
he had yesterday recorded his vote. Since yes- 1
terday, he had understood that the vessels now in ■
piogiess of construction were larger, as had been ;
found necessary for the purposes of the Govern- .
ment, than had been originally contracted for. As ;
this system has become the settled policy of the ,
country, he should no longer oppose it„ although j
he had opposed it. j
Mr. NILES made a few remarks in reply, in j
which he expressed his willingness to withdraw so 1
much of the amendment as limited the term to five ;
yeas. As a friend of the systemj he wished to pro- J
tect it against abuses. J
Mr. FOOTE vindicated the advance of the money :
to the contractors. ,
Mr. BENTON remarked on the additions re- 1
cently made to our coast, and the necessity of in- :
creasing postal facilities. He thought it right to ,
aid the contractors with advances, rather than ;
encounter the risk of having incompetent vessels j
constructed, or injurious delays interposed. He '
quoted from a report of the state of the New York |
money market on Wednesday, to show that there j
was no probability that the contractors could obtain j
any advances ot money in that city, and if the ;
Government did not step forward with assistance, j
the steamers could not be completed. ;
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, concurred with j
the Senator from Connecticut, that the only way
to cany the system into successful operation was .
to protect it against abuses. He had heard no suf- .
ficient leason for the advances proposed by the bill;
there was no pretence that, the contiactors could ;
not raise the money; the Government had made !,
no application for the money. Pie went into a ins- j
tory of the facts connected with the establishment [
of the Cunard line of steamers, and of the enlarge- ,
ment of the vessels, winch experience proved to be '
necessary. He stated, that although vessels of ;
large tonnage were best calculated for war service,
111 some particulars, for general use vessels of 1,500 ,
tons, or thereabouts* were just as useful. In the 1
change from smaller to laiger vessels, therefore,
he did not see that the Government was benefited,
or that the change had been requested by the Gov-
ernment. He would adhere to the vote in favor of
the amendment, winch he had given yesterday.
He could see many ways m which the United States
i might lose the money if it was advanced.
; Mr. YULEE said that he felt it to be his duty
! to make some lemarks; but if it was the desire of
! the Senator from Delaware to go on with the ter-
iitorial bill, he would consent to the postponement
of the bill.
Mr. KING suggested that it might be the better
mode, if the Senator from Delaware would con-
sent, for the Senator from Florida to go on with
his remarks; so that, as the subject had already
been discussed during the whole of yesteiday, the
question on the amendment might be taken this ,
morning.
Mr. ULA YTON expressed a readiness to yield,
if the remarks did not take too much time.
Mr. Y ULEE said he would ask for only five or
ten minutes. Pie then made an explanation of the
\ share which the Secretary of the Navy had in the
enldigemeni of these vessels, which he had deemed
| unnece&saiy for any puipose to wind) the Gov-
I ernment might be called on to apply them. He
' denied, authoritatively, that the Secretary of the
! Navy had ever recommended the advances of
| money.
| Mr. FOOTE asked if the Secretary withdrew
I his recommendation.
| Mr. YULEE replied in the negative. TheSee-
I retary had merely said to him that it was not such
i a course as he would have recommended. He did
not see that the contractors had made a hard bar-
1 gain, as one of them had alieady sold out his con-
i tract for §50,000; and to make these advances
j would be to set a dangerous precedent, of which
i future contractors would be leady to avail them-
i selves.
I Mr. ATHERTON insisted that the Secretary
I had recommended these advances of money.
Mr. DICKINSON protested against this mode
j of orally explaining away the written opinions of
■ the Secretary. Let the explanation, if any is de~
1 sired, be made in writing.
I Mr. ATHERTON read an extract from the
: letter of the Secretary in order to show more dis-
I tinctly the recommendation.
Mr. YULEE explained, amidst loud cries of
" Question! question!"
The question was then taken on the question of
reconsideration, and decided as followsr
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Badser, Bell, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Boiland. Breese, Bright, Clarke, CJajton,
Ddvfcs of Mississippi, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge, Douglas,.
Fitzgerald", Foote, Greene, Hale, Hannecan, Houston, John-
son of Louisiana, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Phelp>, Ru&ky
Spruanee, Sturgeon, and Wes-tcott—31.
NAYS—Allen,. Baldwin, Bradbury, Butter, Cor-
win. Davis of Massachusetts, Dix, Downs, Hamlin, Johnson
of Georgia, Kin^, Lewis, Metcalfe, Niles, Pearee, Under-
wood, Uphani, Walker, and Yulee—19.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Nsle.s, it was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messr>. Atlrn, Baldwin, Bradbury, Butler, Cor-
win, D.ivi-? of Massachusetts, Di.*. Downs, Hamlin, John-
son of Georgia, King, Lewis Metcalfe, Niles, Pearce, Tur-
nev, Underwood, Upham, Walker, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison. Atherton, Badger, Bell, Benton^
Berrien, Breese, Bright, Clarke, Ciavton, Davis ot Missis-
sippi, Da\ ton, Dickinson, Dodue,Douidaw. Ftlzyrrald, Foote,
Greene. Ilale, Harinegan, Houston, johnson of LouiMana,
Mangum, Mason, Miller, Phelps, Rusk, tfprmmce, Sturgeon,
and Wesieott—30.
Mr. KING moved to pass over the bill infor-
mally, but objection being made—
Mr. ICING moved to* lay the bill on the tabic*
but withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. HANNEGAN, who suggested the propri-
ety of finishing the navy bill before taking up the
territorial bill, as the funds were necessary for the
public service.
Mr. KING said, with the understanding that
the territorial bill should be discussed without inter-
ruption after the passage of the navy bill, and that,
if possible, this bill should be disposed of to-day*
he would not renew his motion.
Mr. CALHOUN suggested that the territorial
bill should be taken up after the reading of the
Journal, and the disposition of the morning busi-
ness.
Several Senators. Agreed.
Mr. NILES then moved to amend the bill, but
the amendment was negatived: Ayes 12, noes 18,
Mr. NILES moved to amend the bill by adding
a proviso Liiat nothing in the bill should be con-
strued as ratifying the contracts for a longer period
than five yems-.
Mr. NILES asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. NILES said that this proviso did not annul
1 the contract at the end of five years, provided thai
- the contract was for ten years,
Mr. ATHERTON read an extract from the
contract with Sloo, to show that it was an abso-
[ lute contract for ten years.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and decided as follows:
YBA3—Messrs. Allen, Borland. Corn in, Dix, Johnson of
. Georgia, Mangum, Niles, Pearce. Tun ev,aBd VValkei —10V
KAYS—Me^rs. Atchison, AthertotJ, JljuUier, Baldwin,
Benton, Bernen, Biadtmrv, Breeze. Bright, Btnler. Calh mn,
ClaUon, Davn of Mississippi, J a\ton, Dickmso i, Dodire,
Douidas, Down*, Felch, Fit/.gerald, Foote, Bile, Hanil'H,
HanuCiraH. Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, King, Lewi-,
Ma-c)ii7Met(,aife. Miller, Ru-k, Spruanee. Stuige^n, Under-
wood, Upharo. Westeatt, and Yulee—3d.
Mr. NILES moved to amend by requiring that
the steamers from Panama to Astoria shall call at
Santiago and San Francisco; which was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER moved to amend so as to make
it impeiativo on the steamers to touch ai Charles-
ton; which was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN moved to amend by inserting a
' provision prohibiting any future contracts with
; mail steamers for carrying the mails to foreign
countries,.and asked tor the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. NILES moved to amend by inserting,
" without the previous consent of Congress."
Mr. ATHERTON hoped the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio would not be adopted.
Mr. ALLEN vindicated his proposition, and
accepted the amendment of Mr. Niles as a modi-
fication of his amendment.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Me?sis. Alien, Bell, Boiland, Blight, Corwui, Da-
vis oj Ma-saciiU?ett$, Davis of Mississippi, Dix. D^ds^,
Fokh, Foote, Hjle, Hoiu-ton, Johnson ot Georgia, King,
MctraliV, Xih's. Sebastian. Spru nice, Tuiney, Underwood,
and Ynice - 0*2.
XAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Alllf-rtnii, Badger, BaMwin,
Beruen.Bnuihun, Biee.se, Butler, Dayton,Dickinson,Doug'
las. Downs, i'ltzneratd, Hamlin, flaniK-yan, Johnson ot
Louisiana, Lewi-, Mans?um. Ma=on, Millt-r, Rusk, .Stur-
. geon, Uphani, and Westcott—~M.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to amend by insert-
