1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
in" a provision that the steamers shall touch at
Key West, and certain ports in the Gulf of Mexi-
co; which was negatived.
Mr. RUSK moved to amend by adding a bill
reported from the Post Office Committee, autho-
rizing the Postmaster General to employ any of the
United States vessels, not otherwise employed, in
the transportation of the mail, freight, and passen-
gers, and asked for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
On this amendment some discussion took plaee,
in which Mr. UNDERWOOD, Mr. BERRIEN,
Mr. ALLEN, Mr. RUSK, and others, took part,
when the question was taken, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Corwin, Douglas,
Fitzgerald, Foote, Hannesrati, Houston, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Lewis, Metcalfe, Rusk, Sebastian, Spiuance, Tur-
ney, Underwood, Westeott, and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Athciton, Cadger, Baldwin, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Bradbury, Brndlt, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke,
Clayton, Davis of Massachusetts, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge,
Gieene, Hamlin, Johnson ot'Georgia, Mason, Miller, Niles,
and Sturgeon—±'>.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing a provision that corporal punishment be abol-
ished in the navy, but withdrew it for the present.
Mr. BORLAND moved to amend by introdueing
a provision authorizing the Postmaster General to
contract for the transportation of the mail from
Louisville to New Orleans, to touch at certain
ports therein named; which was negatived.
Mr. DIX moved to amend by inserting a provis-
ion authorizing the advance of $150,000 to the
contractors for the New York and Bremen line of
steam-ships, and asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
YEAS—Messrs. Dix, Hale, Hamlin, Johnson of Louisiana,
Niles, and i'earce—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton,Badgei, Bald-
win. Benton, Berrien, Borland, Bradbury, Breese, Butler,
Calhoun, Clarke, Corwin, Dickinson, Dodge, Douglas,
Felch, Fitzgerald, Foote, (iieene, Hannegan, Houston,
Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis, Metcalfe, Miller. Phelps,
Rusk, Sebastian, Spiuance, Tuiney, and Yulte—34.
Mr. YULEE moved several amendments, under
the instruction of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
one of which related to the quality of the tobacco
used in the navy; another, diminished the number
and increased the compensation of the professors
in the navy; another, providing that all persons
becoming insane in the service shall be placed in a
proper asylum until recovered; another, placing
the pay of warrant officers at Pensacola navy-yard
on the same footing as at the Boston and other
principal navy-yards; which were agreed to.
Mr. YULEE moved an amendment in reference
to the pay of passed midshipmen; which was re-
jected—yeas 12, nays 21, as follows:
NAYS Messrs. Badger, Berrtrn, Borland, Davjs of Mas-
sachusetts," Davis of Mississippi, Hanneiran, Johnson of
Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, Lewis, Miller, Westeott,
arid Yulee—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Baldwin, Benton, Brad-
bury, Bieese, Bright, Corwin, Dickinson, Dodge, Felch,
Fitzgerald. Fonte, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, King, Metcalfe,
Rusk, Spruance, and Turney—21.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to amend
by inserting an appropriation of $50,000 to com-
pensate the officers of the different vessels lost for
the clothing destroyed in them. He stated that
this was the amendment offered by Mr. Johnson,
of Maryland, who was not now in his seat.
Mr. BADGER stated that he had received a
letter from the Senator from Maryland, stating
that he would bo in his seat to-morrow morning.
He moved that the Senate adjourn, which was
negatived.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing a clause prohibiting corporal punishment in
the navy, abolishing the spirit ration, and giving
in lieu thereof an allowance of six cents per diem
to each sailor. He asked for the yeas and nays,
but a sufficient number did not rise to sustain the
call, and they were not ordered.
Mr. HALE then addressed the Senate in favor
of the amendment at some length.
The amendment was then disagreed to, only
about five Senators rising in the affirmative.
Several other amendments were offered, but
were all rejected by acclamation.
The bill'having heen reported to the Senate, the
vote of the committee striking out the amendment
offered by Mr. Yulee relative to passed midship-
men was reversed; and the question being on con-
curring in the amendment of the committee striking
out the words t( seventy-four thousand in the
appropriation for the public works at Memphis, so
as to leave the amount appropriated one hundred
thousand dollars, the yeas and nays were ordered,
and the question being taken, it was found that no
quorum had voted.
The question was again taken with the like
result.
Mr. BENTON insisted that the Sergeant-at-arms
call the Senators. He stated that he had been in
the committee room and Senate from a very early
hour to the present late one [looking at the clock,
the hands of which were approaching six] listening
to long speeches made by Senators who had gone
away, and now he was determined to sit the mat-
ter out, arid not be subject to a repetition of the
like scene to-morrow. He said that the public
works must be suspended if this bill was not im-
mediately passed. There was not a dollar to pay
the workmen in the dock-yards or navy-yards, and
great distress universally prevailed. He moved
that the Sergeant-at-arms go to the lodgings for
Senators.
Mr. KING rose to give his experience as to the
proper course, which was, that the Presiding Offi-
cer request Senators to take their seats, and then
for the Sergeant-at-arms to ascertain whether there
was a quorum; and if not, it then became his duty
to request the attendance of Senators; but there
was no such thing as a call of the House in that
body. I
Mr. HANNEGAN. Yes there is; it was I
adopted since you were here, with several other
rules.
Mr. KING. Yes, I find there have been a great
many innovations.
One or two Senators having been obtained, a >
quorum was announced, and the vote was taken j
a third time on concurring in the amendment rela- i
ting to Memphis, and it was decided in the negative,
as follows:
YEAS—Messr--. Athertori, Beruen, Bradbui}, Butler,
Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi, Hale, llanihn, King, Lewis,
and Spiuance—11. .
NAYS—Messis. Kenton, Borland, Breese, Bright, Dickin-
son, Dodge, Douglas, Peleh, Fitzgerald, Foote, Hannegan,
Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson ol'Georgia,Mason,
Rusk, Sebastian, Turney, Westeott, and ifulee—20.
Several other amendments were then adopted,
and the amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill was subsequently read a third time by
unanimous consent and passed.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice thatimmediately after
the morning hour, when petitions and reports were
disposed of, he should call up the territorial bill
and press it to conclusion.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. j
Saturday, July 22, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CABELL asked that the House, by unan- ,
imous consent, would take up the Senate bills on the ;
Speaker's table, and that they be referred to ap-
propriate committees.
No objection being made— ,
The SPEAKER then laid before the House !
Senate bills and joint resolutions of the following !
titles; which were read a first and second time, and ,
referred to appropriate committees: j
A resolution authorizing the submission of cer- |
tain claims to arbitration.
A resolution concerning the distribution of the .
statutes at large. . • !
1 A bill further to carry into effect the provisions ]
i and stipulations of the ninth article of the Florida ;
treaty with respect to certain losses of Spanish |
subjects in West Florida.
A bill for the payment of liquidated claims
against Mexico. _ .
A bill to change the time of holding the circuit ■
and district courts in the State of Kentucky.
A bill making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same.
The Senate bills of the following titles were
read three times, passed, and returned to the Sen-
ate, viz:
A bill to authorize the Secretary of the 1 reas-
ury to make a compromise and settlement with
the' securities of Francis D. Newcomb, late sur-
veyor general of Louisiana.
A bill to make Bangor a port of entry for ships
or vessels coming from and beyond the Cape of
! Good Hope.
vattemare's franking privilege.
The Senate bill to facilitate international ex-
changes was read a first and second time.
Mr. GOGGIN moved that it be put upon its
passage.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to lay the bill
on the table. He thought they had gone quite far
enough in this matter. He did not think it right
and proper the bill should pass, and he therefore
would move to lay it on the table.
Mr. GOGGIN remonstrated: the bill had passed
the Senate by a unanimous vote; he hoped the gen-
tleman from Georgia would consent to withdraw
his motion, and let it be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
But Mr. COBB refused; and the question was
about to be put, when—
Mr. ROOT asked leave to say a word. If the
gentleman would withdraw his motion for a few
moments, Mr. R., if he insisted on that condition,
would promise to renew it.
Mr. COBB assenting—
Mr. ROOT expressed his hope that the bill
would be suffered to pass. He had just learned
from a member of the Committee on the Library,
that the amount to be taken from the post office
revenue by this bill would be very small. That
gentleman was a good judge of what the system
would require; and certainly, if gentlemen were
not disposed to repeal all our previous legislation
on that subject, this bill ought to pass. If the sys-
tem of exchange was wrong, let it be repealed;
but if gentlemen were not prepared to retrace their
steps, and undo all they had done, they should
suffer this small bill to become a law. It was a
fact that the Government was remitting the duty
on all the astronomical instruments imported for
the use of the observatory; on the same princi-
ple, the duty on these articles of international ex-
change ought to be relinquished. The bill was so
1 carefully guarded, that it was impossible the priv-
1 ilege could be abused: it merely provided a con-
venience for carrying into execution the laws
already passed on the same subject. He now,
though with great reluctance, complied with his
promise, by renewing the motion to lay the bill
upon the table.
The question being put, there appeared a ma-
jority against laying it on the table.
Mr. FICKL1N demanded the yeas and nays,
which, being ordered and taken, stood: yeas 79,
nays 95.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
It was then, on motion of Mr. GOGGIN, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House to establish a collection district in the State
of South Carolina, and for other purposes, were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The question pending when the House adjourned
\ yesterday,'was on reconsidering the vote by which
! the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill for the
year ending June 30, 1849, was ordered to be en-
^TheHouse proceeded to consider said motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed, be laid on the table.
I Mr. COBB, of Geoigia, demanded the yeas and
navs; which were ordered. _
! Mr. COBB inquired of the Speaker, m case the
j motion to lay on the table prevailed, if any amend-
| ment could be made to the bill?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
. Mr. McCLELLAND inquired, in case the mo-
tion to lay on the table were rejected, and the vote
i on the engrossment were reconsidered, if it would
, not be in order to recommit the bill with mstruc-
i tions to take out the obnoxious item.
The SPEAKER replied that it would be.
The question was also asked if the motion o
i lay on the table prevailed, if the question would
i not recur on the passage of the bill.
I The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
' Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (in his seat.) but it
! will be the bill which you have rejected. Theie
II will be no opportunity of amending it.
:l Mr CATHCART asked, m case the motion to
i! lay on the table failed, and the engrossment was
;j reconsidered, if it would not then be in order to
I! call for a separate vote on the item for the bavan-
