984
nah river, under the rule which authorized sepa-
rate votes on the seveiai items in internal improve-
ment bills ?
The SI3EAKER replied, he was disposed to de-
cide it would be in order to call for a separate vote
on this item under the rule referred to.
The question was put on laying the motion to
reconsider on the table, and it was decided by
yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Ahbott, Adams, Barringer, Barrow, BpI.
cher, Blanc-hard, Boydoii, Buckncr, Butler, Cabell, Canby,
Chapman, Clubman, Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Cranston
Crifiield, Cioweli, Ciozier, hickey, Dixon, Domieil, Daniel
Duncan, Garnett Dnncati, Dunn, Eekcrt, Edwards, Enibree,
Alexander Evans, Natlian Evans, Parrelly, Fisher, Flour-
noy, Freedle), Fulton, Gaines, Gayle, Geiun, Giddmgs
J.ogKin, Gott, Gregorv, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G.
Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henry. Hilliard,Isaac E. Holmes,
B. Holinw, JJubbaid, Hudson, Jo-epis It. jri"ersolI
Irvin, Andrew Johnson, John W. Jont^ Kellogg, Thomas
butler King, Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Mcllvaine, Horace Maun, Marsh, Marwn. Morehead,
Alullin, Ael.xin, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pollock, Preston. Putnam,
Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A Rockwell, Rose, [loot,
Kumsey, St. John, Schenck, Sheppeid, Sliemll, Silvester,
hlingerland, Caleb 13. temith, Truman Smith, Httphens,
Andrew Ktewait, Strohm, Tallmadge, Taylor, Tlnliudeaux!
—<J9 Thompson, Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, and Warren j
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bay]y, Bedinger, Bingham, I
Birdsall, Boeock, Bowdon, Huwiiti, Boyd. Win. G. Brown, I
Albert G. Brown, Burt. Cathcart, Chase, Beverly L. Clarke '
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colling Cummins, I
j>aniel, Dailm-z, Dickm-on, Faran, Featliei&ton, FickJui. ■
±nes, Grepii, WiJIard P. Hall, Hammoiw, Haralson, Har- !
manson, Han is, Hill, Geoige S. Houston, Inge, Chailes J. 1
Jngeraoll, Jameson, Jenkins*, Robeit W. Johnson, Kaufman, 1
Kennon, Lahm, La S6te, Sidney Lawrence. Li<'on, Loici, '
Lumpkin, Lvnde, Maclay, McClelland, Mc'Clernand, Mc- 1
Howell, McKay, Job Mann, Meade, Miller, Moms, NicolJ, '
Peavlee, Peek, Petrie, Petut, Pe\ ton, Pillsbury, Illicit, Ilith-
laid^on, Richer,Roeklnli, Sawyer, Simpson, Smart, Stanton, !
starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Tboma,, Jacob 1
I nompson, James Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, Wil-
liam riioiiip>on, Thurston, Turner, Venabie, Wallace,
Vv entworth, Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—83.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote
ordering the bill to be engrossed.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jyJ*16 question recurred on the passage of the
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved the previous
question, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion was ordered, viz: <{ Shall the bill pass?"
And it was dccided by yeas and nays, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Barringer, Barrow, Bel-
clicr, Rlanehard, Bojdon, Buckncr, Butler, Cabell, Cdnbv
Chapman, Chngman, Cocke, Collamer, Collin^, Conner'
Cranston, Crisfield, Crow ell, Crozier, Dickey, Dixon, Don-
iieil, Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Edwaid*
Embree, Alexander Evan*, Nathan Evans, Fuirclly, Fi^liei'
riournoy, Freedley, Fulton. Games, Gayle, Gjddi <*s Go</'
gm, Gott, Gregoiv, Hale. Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hamp-
ton, Moses Hampton, Henry, Ililhard, I^ae E. Holmes
Eiad B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson
Charles J Inger?oi!, Jo>eph It. Imrer.oll, Ium, Jenkins
£'hn Jones, Kellogg, Thomas B. King, Daniel P. Iuii",
Wilharn l. Lawrence, Lincoln, Maclav. Clelland, Mc-
' raine, Horace Mann, MarMu Marvin, Morehead. Muihn
iVdson, Nicoll, Outlaw, Palfrey, Peck, Pollock,'pieston!
I utnarn, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, Jonn A. Rockwell i
lvose, Kumsey, St. John, i-Vheuek, Shcpperd, KJicrrill, Sil- I
wster, blmgorlaml, Cjlet) B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton -
i-tepliens, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart, Stiolim' i
■,!1f0"S' Tallmndge, Tayloi, Tlnbodeaux, James Thump-on,'
John B. I!ioinpaon,Timiston,Tiiek, Van Dike, Vinton, and '
V\ aiien—108 ' i
n s- Alkl"5nn' Bayly. Bcflrogtr, Bindmtn. !
l.irdsall, Roeoek, Bowdon, Bowhn, Rosd W'm. Q. Blown
Albert G. Btown, Unit, C.ulicart, Clia'-o, Fianki.n Clark,
Beverly L. Claike, Unwell Cobb, Williamson K. W. Cobh* I
Cummins, Dai hug, Dickm-on, JSckert, Faran, JFedtUerstou'
Iries, Green, Willaid P. Hall, Hdnimon*, Haralson, Har- i
manson, Ilanis, Hill, Gporae S. Houston, In e, I\enon :
Jmie-.on, Andrew Johnson. Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman'
Kr-nnon, Lahm La SOie, Sidney Lawrence, Liijun, Lord'
Lump,1111, L;nde, UlcClernaild, MclJowell, AicKav Job
?>,ann. Meade Mnler, Mmiis, I'ca-lee, Petrie, Petut. Pej ton, r
) ih-burj, liiehard-on, Rieluy, Koeklull, Root. Sawvei
r"]!r,"!A nThon,p;„n;
P.. ' A- I I'Oiupson, W niiam Thonipc-on, Turnei, Venahle
Ai_allaee, U eutwortli, Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—
So the bill was passed.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the last vote
whereupon— '
Mr. SCHENC-K said, he was ^lad that his 1
colleague [Mr. Vixto.v] had moved"to reconsider ;
the vole just taken, by which this bill had been
passed. His colleague had but anticipated his '■
own purpose. He (Mr. S.) had now voted forthe
]i,issan;e of the bill, as all along he had in the end
intended to do; for it was a bill in the main light
and proper, and absolutely necessary to be passed,
in order to carry on the operations of the Govern- 1
ment. It was the usual general appropriation bill,
by which provision w,is'made for the salaries and
compensation of all civil officers, from the Presi-
dent down to the lowest executive subordinate; for
lj the judiciary, for foreign ministers, for Congress !
' it,self, besides its appropriations for a thousand [
! other things essential to the civil administration of ,
! , the Government. Whatever question he or others i
!! might have about details, it was a bill which in '
h some shape had to be passed. On a former day I
|i he had voted against it, and he now proposed to i.
!) take advantage of this motion to reconsider, and 11
I j of the privilege of debate which it would allow, to i;
J give his reasons for that vote. There was no in- j'
I consistency; he, and others on his side of the I:
,j House who had voted with him, had an object, a j!
lj wholesome object, to accomplish by that vote, and
lj they had effected it, as he would proceed to show. I'
|| When the bill was rejected the other day, and
II now again, when it was finally passed, it was op- !
posed by the votes of nearly the whole undivided i
I Democratic side of the House. Why? It was
I not for him perhaps generally to assign motives .
j and reasons foi the action of those gentlemen; but
| here it had been made apparent. The opposition '
j was on account of that item in the bill savoring of 1
| internal improvements—the appropriation for dear- i
i ing out the obstructions which our own Govern- j
j ment had at a former time placed at the mouth of !
I the Savannah river. The course of procedure by i
j gentlemen, and the character of the debate which ,1
I had been going on for the last two days after the l|
j bill was rejected, and the admissions made, proved ij
t that this was the ground of hostility to the bill. I1
JVlr. SAWYER asked the floor for a moment, !|
which being granted by his colleague, he said that ||
that had not been the reason of his vote; he had il
voted against the bill mainly on account of the items , !
it contained for the benefit of Washington, espe- !•
cially that for watering Pennsylvania avenue. |i
Mr. SCHENCK said lie never knew befere that '
there was power in a water engine of any kind to !
stop the wheels of this Government. This water- j
ing-pot for one of the avenues was deemed, it ap- i
peared, a sufficient cause by his colleague for votiii"
to reject a bill providing for the pay of the Presi-
dent of the United States, the heads of departments,
and all the subordinate officers of the Government.
IXe had before said that he would not presume to
assign reasons for the course of his colleague and
others diffeient from what they themselves avowed;
I but, however it might be with his colleague par-
j ticidarly, there could be no question—it was most
;j manifest to all—it was not denied, but admitted,
I that the presence in the bill of the obnoxious item
i for the Savannah river was the operating cause
with most of those who had voted against the bill.
; I When the question of reconsideration was pend-
I mg, the House had had an exposition by a very
I; distinguished gentleman from North Carolina, long
; a member of the Committee of Ways and Means
j | and lately its chairman, [Mr. McKay,] of the mo-
|, tives winch induced so extraordinary a proceeding
i j as the rejection of the general appropriation bilf;
j, and that gentleman had declared in his place—
i, speaking as the exponent of the views of gentle-
; men of his party-—that it was not on account of any
| items m the bill for which estimates had been sent
. to Congress from the Executive departments, nor
oil account of those which had been inserted in it
at the suggestion of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and the gentleman wanted to have the bill
J recommitted, in order that the item for Savannah
nvei might be stricken out. The inference was,
that it was solely on account of the existence of
this item in the bill that it had been rejected.
Mr. S. said he had voted with those gentlemen
in the first place to reject the bill, with the express
view that both they and the Whigs might in this
matter stand before the country m their true posi-
■ turn. He had elFeeted his object. It was now
shown distinctly that the bill had been rejected by
a Democratic vote, not because it contained the
various items, or any of them, which had been rec- ■
ommended by the Executive, and for which esti-
mates had been submitted by the departments nor
on account of those put into it on the motion of the
Committee ot Ways and Means; but that it was
on account of this one item for clearing out the
mouth ot Savannah nver.
-MT!^aiV.not' because of the extravagance of
a yonoies,s5 it was not because of the impro-
pnety of granting the appropriations which had
been asked for and estimated for by the Executive
departments, but simply and solely on account of
tins item for Savannah river. The Democratic party,
represented here by those gentlemen, were willm-
to stop the Government rather than vote for an
July 22,
appropriation to remove from the mouth of an
American river the obstructions placed there by the
American Government. Having accomplished his
. purpose by bringing out this fact before the coun-
; try, he was now willing to vote for the bill aud to
i pass it 
j Let it, then,be understood, that with a few ex-
ceptions-perhaps only.an individual exception,
where the difficulty was about a waierin^-pot—the
Democratic party were willing to defeat this bill
for the support of Government; not because they
objected to the estimates from the departments or
the items from the committee; not because the bill
in any of its essential features was wrono-, but
because it contained this item.
^ If this debate had not taken place, and this re-
jection of the bj|{ had not happened, it would have
been in the power of gentlemen, when they went
home, to say to their constituents that they ha<}
voted against it because of the manifold extrava-
ganciesof a Whig Houseof Representatives. They
mjght then have pointed to this bill, and said that
it appropriated thousands on thousands for a!}
mariner ot wasteful and unconstitutional expendi-
tures, but they had not voted for them; and when
I • 16,(jn-ai cluesl^on came on the passage of the bill
j itse f, it was such a mass of abominations that they
i could not swallow it. But that excuse was now
taken away. The fact was now fairly before the
country. If the bill should now be passed, it would
be known to the whole American people that the
Democrats opposed it simply and exclusively
because it contained one item of appropriation for
internal improvements; that, as a party, they are so
irreconcilably hostile to that doctrine, and so insep-
arably wedded 10 the opinion of the President out-
going, and of the President who would be incoming,
if he could, that sooner than pass the smallest item
for internal improvement, they will let everything;
go by the board. &
il Mr. S. was glad that this issue had been made;
he rejoiced that this exposition had been presented
to the country, so that all men could now under-
i Sta? u\ He Was now %vjllin? to vote for the bill,
i and he should do so with peculiar satisfaction, be-
cause the bill contained this item for clearing out
feavannah river and harbor. °
Mr. LAHM here entreated possession of the
floor but for a moment or two, to say that his own
; objection tothebillhad been its contaming-$100,00{J
■' £or a custom-house in Charleston, and this So0,00G
, ior the improvement of Saumnah river. He had
^ voted against one of these items because he be-
.j "eyed it to be unnecessary in itself, and desired
i chiefly for the benefit of individuals; and he had
been opposed to the other, not because he had any
j: constitutional scruples against appropriating for
'' works of internal improvement—for he had none 
jj but because he had laid down to himself this rule
i, on that subject: that when he did vote for any
!j woik that was national and constitutional in its
; character, it should be in a different quarter of the
. Lmon from this one. He should vote to give such
. appropriations to the West, and not to the South.
1 f\ HO h K n iinAri\AL, a1 i ! - . .1
a a i ""v .  wi, anu nut to me oouin.
; And he had another objection to this item, viz:
vilt Qoiljeen-1Ilil)roPerly P]aced in this bill.
Mr. feCREXCK, resuming, said he perfectly
understood his colleague. Ilis course was ex-
actly that of all northern Democrats who were in
favor of interna! improvements; they were all
stiongly in favor of these appropriations, and
, equally in favor of a President who they knew
would veto them all. They were violent advocates
of internal impro\ements, but they always con-
trived to find some veiy^ood reason for voting
against them, or for voting m such away as not to
get them. Sometimes it was because, as they say
in their Baltimore platform, they are opposed to a
" general system," and sometimes bccause no gen-
eral system was proposed; and they were against
partial and local legislation, sometimes because the
, works, though right m themselves, were put in die
wrong bill; sometimes because the money was to
be expended in the wrong part of the country.
1 hey always could find some reason for goinfr
against them, while at the same time they dare no"
say that m principle they were opposed to them,
iliey were strongly m favor of them at home, but
, here they always were against them. It was never
just the light time, or just the right place, or just
the right amount. Mr. S. said he entertained a
great lespeci for his colleague, personally. He
meant to say nothing disrespectful of him; but his
<< position on this occasion was a beautiful lllustia-
