986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 22,
locofoco match, to gui'Ie the steps of wandering
Democrats below. But it injured the building.
Congress, learning this, gave orders that the nui-
sance should be abated, and the pole, and all the
rubbish connected with its erection, be removed;
and it was done. Government had removed the
obstructions which Government had placed on the
Capitol. But oh! this was for the benefit of Con-
gress, while the other was only for the people of
Georgia ar.d the population of Savannah. Here
was a case before the gentleman's very eyes, and,
petty and absurd as it was, it illustrated the weak-
ness of his argument. This Government had re-
peatedly tried certain experiments to test alleged
improvements submitted for its adoption. "When
the experiment was over, could they not order the
timbers and rubbish employed in the experiment
to be removed?
So much for the Government having no power
to clear out this river.
But this very thing had been recommended by
the President himself. But there was special
pleading here too. The President, two years ago,
had sent to Congress his message, accompanied
by a leport from the Secretary of War, recom-
mending an item of §50,000 for removing these
obstructions. In his message the President called
the attention of Congress to the report of the Sec-
retary, and to the items recommended therein.
But the President did not say, give the money.
No; he did not. He only " called the attention of
Congress" to the estimates.
Now Mr. S. would put it to any honest man
whether he could understand the President to mean
any other than a favorable consideration of these
recommendations of his own officer? The Secre-
tary was his organ to present these estimates to
Congress; he called the attention of Congress to
them. What did he mean ? Congress looked over
the list, and found there an item of $50,000 for the
Savannah river. Could they understand the Presi-
dent as calling on them to reject it? What mock-
ery, to send items of appropriation, and recom-
mend the attention of Congress to them, that they
might be rejected, and then to say that he consid-
ered them unconstitutional! Could he, or could
his friends for him, take shelter under the pitiful
excuse that he only called the attention of Con-
gress to them ? No doubt the President did at that
time mean that something should be done. De-
mocracy was progressive,
and it had not then
reached the point that all internal improvements
are unconstitutional. He did not then suppose,
it was not probably thought by any one, that he
could declare himself m favor of the views of the
South, and carry the pliant Democracy of the
North along with him. He would not probably
hereafter,.""call the attention of Congress" to any
more estimates for works of internal improvement,
but would at once boldly declare the whole to be
unconstitutional.
Mr. S. was glad: there would now be an op-
portunity for a fair and open struggle which would
try the relative strength of Congress and the Ex-
ecutive. Mr. Polk would find that while there
was such a thing as progiessive Democracy, there
was also such a thing as progressive Whiggery—
aye, and progressive Americanism on the subject
of internal improvements. The country had had
some proofs of this. Had the gentleman from
Georgia ever seen one of the western snag-boats
in operation? There stood a tall snag or sawyer
(he did not mean his colleague over the way) [a
laudi] stoutly opposed, even as the best Demociat
among them, to internal improvements, and to the
free and safe navigation of our great rivers. There
it stands right in the way. The snag-boat ap-
proached it: the chains ore thrown around it, and
it is grappled. Then the engine is started, the
wheels make a few revolutions, the machinery is
set m motion, and the tug is made. Everything
strains and cracks, but the snag is not yet out.
What does the snag-boat do ? give it up? No such
thing: no thought of it. Again the boat is brought
up: the chains are thrown around as before, e\ ery
thing tackled on securely and made fast, the wheels
set in motion, and then all cracks and grinds again,
but successfully this time, and the snag comes out!
Thus was one of the " Polkstalks'5 tdken out of
the way. And so it would be with the President's
vetoes. Congress was the snag-boat. They had
on board at the last session an engine with but a
seventy-Whig power. But Whig principles were
progressive. And now they came up with a Con-
gressional engine of about a hundred and twelve
Whig power. When they put on that, they would
clear away these Presidential obstructions, and
leave free and safe channels for the will of the
people to run in. If the question should be put
fairly before the people they would increase this
Whig power many fold, if necessary, and make
3ure work of it. The time was coming when we
should have free legislation, as well as the freedom
of speech here, and Presidential vetoes would be
heard of only in history.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, here wanted to put a
question to Mr. S., but he refused to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. S. said, the gentleman could not play the
trick on him which he had tried on a late occasion;
it would not go. The issue was now faiily made
with Mr. President Polk. He wanted to see these
vetoes cleared away. The issue was between Mr.
Polk and the people of the United States. The
gentleman from Georgia had told the House, he
had " the highest guarantee" that this bill would
be vetoed if it had the Savannah river in it. Now,
the highest guarantee, Mr. S. supposed, was the
President's own declaration; but this the gentleman
disclaimed. He only claimed it from Mr. Polk's
former messages and course on these subjects, and
from the consistency of his character. But Mr.
S. did not augur quite so confidently from Mr.
Polk's past course and character as President. He
remembered that he had talked very strongly about
a clear and unquestionable title to 54° 40'—all of
Oregon or none; yet, in that case, he had backed
out and taken 49°. He was not sure, but he
rather thought he would back out again, if this
bill should be sent to him, even if it did contain .
this item for Savannah harbor; but if not—if our ;
President was ready to stop all the machinery of '
the Government rather than seem to give his sane- I
tion to one single work of improvement demanded j
by the people through their representatives—then !
on him and his party be the consequences. |
Mr. S. was at a loss to reconcile the course of
different gentlemen on the opposite side of the 1
House. There was the gentleman from Illinois—
he meant the very tailed specimen of a friend of i
internal improvements, [Mr. Wentworth]—he,
though professing to be so uncompromising a friend
of these measures, supported as his candidate for
the Presidency a man who declared before the
countiy that he fully endorsed all that Mr. Polk
had done—a candidate who not only " cordially
approved" the Baltimore platform, including the
denunciation of internal improvements, and the
resolutions in favor of Mr. Polk's vetoes, but who
had announced, that if elected, he should consider
liis election both as a sanction of the course of his
predecessor, and direction to himself. That gen-
tleman supported Mr. Cass, he said, because he
believed he was in favor of internal improvements,
and would not veto a bill that might be passed for
such objects. He seemed to trust to General
Cass's adherence to his former principles and votes.
Did he not /ighily understand that gentleman?
Had he not said so ?
Mr. WENTWORTH wanted to enter into an
explanation, but Mr. S. asked only for naked yes
or no, which Mr. W. would not give.
But (said Mr. S.) there was no mistake. Both
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. McClelland,]
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wenttwohth]
supported Mr. Cass on that ground. Mr. S. knew
lie had no right to interrogate gentlemen, unless
they chose to submit to it; but he would venture
to ask the gentleman from South Carolina oppo-
site, [Mr. Khett,] whether he supported Mr.
Cass on the same ground ?
Mr. RHETT asked, whether Mr. S. yielded the
floor to him for a reply ?
Mr. SCHENCK declined to yield the floor.
Mr. RHETT. Then I shall not reply to the
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Ah, sir, "there is so much
noise and confusion here" that we never can hear
a Democrat's opinion on these subjects. Shout
loud as they will, from North to South, their
opinions upon this subject, and yet they cannot
hear each other.
[Here Mr. S.'s hour expired.]
Mr. LAHM made some remarks in reply, a
report of which will appear ill the Appendix.
Mr. GREEN, of Missouri, then remarked that,
having given votes connected with this bill, of im-
portance to his State, and of general importance,
he wished briefly to explain the reasons by which
he had been influenced. He believed, in the first
place, that this bill was an inappropriate one in
which to insert an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Savannah river, and he had voted
against that item. He believed it out of place, in-
appropriate, incorrect, and before he took his seat
should endeavor to show it was unconstitutional.
The General Government was one of delegated
powers, surrendered by the States and the people,
and there was no grant which warranted the exer-
cise of the extraordinary power involved in this
amendment. Gentlemen on the other side of the
House had charged him and those who had voted
with him against the passage of the civil and diplo-
matic bill with inconsistency, but he submitted
that, believing the item for the Savannah river to
be unconstitutional, they were not inconsistent in
voting against the bill including that item, but that
it was their bounden duty—which no man, view-
ing the matter in this light, could deny—to vote
against it.
But why had this item for the improvement of a
river been inserted in the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill ? He intimated the fact that the
Committee on Commerce had determined, at an
early part of the session, to report separate bills for
the improvement of the Mississippi, Ohio, Savan-
nah rivers, and other works of internal improve-
ment, and not only determined, but actually pre-
pared a large number of separate bills, that every
gentleman might vote understanding^, directly
upon individual questions disconnected with others,
and that this policy had suddenly been changed
soon after the visit of Mr. Clay to this city before
the meeting of the Philadelphia Convention. True,
that distinguished individual found that this course
had been pursued by the committee, but he might
have nodded his head or motioned his arm that it
should be abandoned; and lo, the Savannah river
was put into the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, the appropriation for Boston harbor into
the navy appropriation bill, and other disconnected
items were to be put, he presumed, into other bills.
If his supposition was inconect on this point, he
would like to be corrected by any gentleman on
that committee.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, said he had intended
to make the correction if he could obtain theflooi,
: but as he now had the opportunity, he would say,
that so far as he knew, and he believed he knew
all the circumstances connected with placing this
I item in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
there was no intention to entrap the Executive;
but the general internal improvement bill having
met the veto of the President, there seemed to be
no other way of obtaining an appropriation for
this object than by placing it in a bill which every-
■ body must approve, it being for the removal of
i obstructions in the Savannah river which had been
placed there by the colonial Government itself.
Mr. BAYLY wished to correct the gentleman.
The record did not sustain the gentleman's posi-
tion.
Mr. KING. In what5
Mr. BAYLY. In saying they were placed there
by the Confederation.
Mr. KING wished to return the favor, and cor-
rect the gentleman from "Virginia. The history of
the countiy showed that the first obstructions were
placed there to pie\ent the approach of the British
to Savannah.
Mr. BAYLY. By whom 5
Mr. KING. By the authorities then in com-
mand.
Mr. BAYLY. No; by the Legislature of the
State of Georgia.
Mr. GREEN resumed, and further commented
upon what he undeistood to be the change by the
j Committee on Commerce from the line of policy
they had at first laid down for themsehes. If he
: was laboring under a mistaken impression, he
would thank any gentleman to correct him. He
repeated the opinion that these various works of
internal improvements should be left to stand on
their own merits, and be acted on separately, ex-
cept so far as that those which were undisputed
■ might be included in one bill.
! Mr. COBB, of Georgia, stated that a bill for
' this specific purpose, the improvement of the Sa-
: vannah river, had passed the Senate, and was now
in the House in Committee of the Whole on tne
. state of the Union.
' Mr. GREEN was aware of that.
