1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
Mr. HALE had the printed speech of the Sen-
ator at home, and had no desire to misrepresent
him. He had been confirmed, however, in his
impression that the Senator assumed to act for the
whole Democratic party, by an incident which
took place a few days before. When the resolu-
tion relative to adjournment was under considera-
tion, that Senator had very significantly warned
the Senators who were against him that they would
be made responsible to the party; and such was
the effect of the rebuke, that many of these Sena-
tors afterwards changed their votes. He then pro-
ceeded to show the distinction between political
and municipal law, in order to convict the Senator
from Georgia of error in this respect. He con-
tended that slavery was not one of those political
rights which we can carry everywhere with us.
He adverted to and commented on the language of
the laws of Mississippi, Kentucky, and Louisiana,
which designate slavery as the creature of muni-
cipal law; and the opinion of the Supreme Court
sustains the local and municipal character of the
institution.
Mr. UPHAM read a decision of Judge McLean,
that slavery was maintained by local laws, and
that it could not be carried into another State.
Mr. HALE said he had not read this, because
Judge McLean was from Ohio, which was an in-
fected State. He then went on to quote, from the
Madison Papers, the language of Colonel Mason,
of Virginia, against slavery, which might have
some weight, as it did not come from an eastern
abohtiorvist. He expressed the hope that Virginia
heiself would be found ready to sustain and carry
out the sentiments propounded by some of the
noblest spirits that ever adorned her history. He
went then into the question of the power of Con-
gress over the subject of slavery, which had been
denied; and yet by this bill slavery is prohibited
in Oregon for three months, and is decided to be
legal after three months. As to the Missouri com-
promise, which, it was said, had given peace to
the country, he did not know how that might be;
but this he knew, that it gave peace to those poli-
ticians who voted for it—it sent them down to their
political graves, where they have ever since rested
m peace. It settled them, if it did not settle the
country.
He hoped that would not be called a compromise
which gave to all the southern latitudes the curse
of slavery, and left to the free States nothing but
their ice and their rocks. He called on the Senate
to pause and reflect on the position in which they
were placing themselves, by upholding slavery, at
a moment when the high and powerful throbbmgs
of the human heart were overthrowing the institu-
tions of ages and centuries, and by throwing this
model Republic of ours in the path through which
universal freedom is struggling to make its way.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Baldwin.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, asked if it was
the intention of the mover to establish a govern-
ment in Oregon, and to leave California and New
Mexico without a government until the next ses-
sion of Congress?
Mr. BALDWIN said he wished to disencum-
ber the Oregon bill from the other Territorial Gov-
ernments.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, requested the
Senator from Connecticut to withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BALDWIN was willing to withdraw it for
the present.
Mr. BERRIEN objecting, the amendment was
not withdrawn.
The question was then taken, and dccided as fol-
lows;
VEAP—Messrs. .Baldwin, Bradbuiy, Clarke, Corwin, Da-
vis ot Massachusetts', Davfon, Dix, Dodge, Felch, Fitzger-
ald, Gi eerie, Hale, Hamlm, Miller, Niles, Upham, and V\ alk-
ei—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Dad<rer, Bell,
Benton. Beinen, Borland, Breeze, Ihight, Butler, Calhoun,
Cla\ton, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs,
Fonte, li mm iiin, llou-tou, Johnson of Marjland, John-on
of f.oiiiMima, Johnson of Geotgiii, Kin?. Lewis, Mangum,
Mason, Metcalfe, IVarc<\Pln-lp^ *el>a^tian,Spruanc<',bur-
geon, Turney, Underwood, Westcott, and Yulee—37.
Mr. HAMLIN said he was admonished by the
whisperings around him, that if he intended to be
heard on this subject, he must seize the present
moment, or he would be prevented by the pressure
of numbers. He expressed his regret that while,
throughout Kui ope, the spirit of freedom was over-
throwing the old tyrannies, we were engaged in
the task of introducing slavery into free terri-
tories. He designated the bill as guarantying and
perpetuating slavery in the new territories; and
expressed his conviction that the new doctrine, that
the extension of our political system carries sla-
very everywhere with it, would be most startling
in its effect on the North. He denied this doctrine
entirely and emphatically. On the subject of the
Missouri compromise, he said he would not have
voted for it, because it established an arbitrary line.
Mr. CLAYTON asked if the Senator did not
vote for the Missouri compromise when he voted
for the annexation of Texas?
Mr. HAMLIN replied, that in the House of
Representatives he had voted against the resolu-
tions annexing Texas. When those resolutions
came to the Senate, they were amended by the
adoption of a single resolution not looking to the
compromise, which emanated from the wisdom of
the Senator from Missouri on his left, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] and which would have saved us from the
war through which we have passed. He would
vote for no arbitrary law, even at the southern ex-
tremity of our boundary, because it would lead to
party, political, and sectional strifes, such as have
been eloquently portrayed by Mr. Jefferson. He
would vote for a compromise founded on the spirit
of those who established our Government. He
would vote for retaining freedom m territories
where slavery never existed; and he would vote
for retaining slavery where it had always been.
He was no abolitionist. He would not vote to
abolish slavery in a slave State; and, so help him
God, he would never vote to abolish freedom
where freedom had always existed. He objected
to the shuffling off, the skulking from, the shrink-
ing behind a political question which it was our
duty to meet, and throwing it on the Supreme
Court to decide. He asserted that by no process
could a case be brought up to the Supreme Court
from the Territories; the decision of the court be-
ing explicit that it must be a case of money, and
that a single slave, with the question of his rights
and liberties, was not the subject of an appeal. Jt
had been stated that slavery was never created.
True, it came like the serpent into the garden of
Eden, creeping, stealing in, in violation of law.
He asked for what purpose the Senator from Del-
aware had given his anay of figures, showing the
relative number of square acres, in the free and
slave States, according to the Missouri compro-
mise? Why did he not state that the population
in the free States was twelve millions, and the pop-
ulation in the slave States was eight millions?
There were other objections to this bill to which
he would gladly allude, but he had already de-
tained the Senate longer than he had intended. He
could not refrain from saying what he had said,
to justify the vote which he should give against
this bill.
Mr, CLARKE rose to address the Senate; but,
as the hour was late, (approaching five o'clock,)
he would move that the Senate adjourn.
[Cries from several quarters: "Oh, no; let us
get through the bill."]
Mr. BERRIEN demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn; and the question having
been taken, it was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton,
Btadburj, Clarke, Corwin, Davits of Massachusetts, Dayton,
Dix, l>odgo, Fitzgeiald, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, John-on of
Mar> land, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, Metcalfe, Miller,
Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Spruanee, Underwood, Upliam,
Walker, and Westcott—29.
KAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Berrien, Borland,
Bieese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Clayton, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Felch, Foote, Hannegan. Hous-
ton, Johnson ol Geoigia, King, Lewis, Mason, Sturgeon,
Sebastian, Tnrney, and Yulee—24.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 24, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. CLINGMAN asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House, and, on objection being made
by Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to introduces concurrent reso-
lution to terminate the present session of Congress,
by an adjournment of the two Houses by their
respective presiding officers, on Monday, the 7th
day of August next, at twelve m.
Mr. BURT raised the point of order that the
House having previously adopted a resolution
i' fixing the day for adjournment and sent it to the
! Senate, it was not in order to move another until
they were informed of the fate of the former.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
The question on suspending the rules was de-
cided by yeas and nays: Yeas 110, nays 54. Two-
thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules were sus-
pended, and the resolution was received.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to : Yeas 126,
nays 49.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
just taken,and moved to lay on the table that mo-
tion. Agreed to.
Mr. PILLSBURY, by leave, presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Texas respecting mili-
tary posts on the frontier, and relative to inter-
course with the Indians. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. P. also presented resolutions of the same
Legislature relative to the passage of a law to com-
pel the judge of the United States District Court
for the district of Texas to reside and remain per-
manently within his district. Referied to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GAINES, by leave, in behalf of the mi-
nority of the select committee to whom was re-
ferred the subject of granting pensions to widows
and orphans of officers and soldiers who have been
killed, or who have died whilst in the service of
the United States, during the war with the Repub-
lic of Mexico, made a report; which was laid on
the table.
NEW MEXICO AND CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
Washington, July 24, 1348.
To tfie House of Representatives of the United States:
In answer to the resolutions of the House of Repiesenta-
Uvesol the JOtli instant, requesting information in ml.ition
to New Mexico and California, I communicate heiewith
reports from the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the
Treasuiy, the Secretary ot War, and the Secretary of the
Navy, with the documents which accompany the same.
These reports and documents contain information upon the
several points ot inquiry embraced by the resolution*. The
proper limits and boundaries of New Mexico and California"
aie delineated in the map referred to in the late treaty with
Mexico, an authentic copy of winch is herewith tiansnnttc-d;
and all the additional information upon that subject, and also
the inojt reliable information in respect to the population of
these respective piovmces which is in the possession of the
Executive, v ill be lound in the accompanying report of the
Secretary of State.
The ievolutions request information in regard to the exist-
ence of civil governments m New Mexico and Caluorriia,
their "foun and character," by "whom instituted," by
" what authority," and how they arc " maintained and sup-
ported "
In my messageof December 22,1846, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House ot Keptescntatives calling lor informa-
tion "in relation to the establishment or organization of
i civil governments in an> poition of the teiritoiyot Mexico
| which has or might be taken possession of by the army or
I navy of the United States," I communicated the orders
i which had been given to the othccis ot our army and navy,
j and stated the general authorityupon which tanporarv mih-
I tary governments had been established over the conquered
' poitions of Mexico then in out mihtaty occupation.
i The temporary governments authorized were instituted
| byvmueof tlae rightsof war. The power to declare war
■ ajainst a foreign country, and to pioseeute it accoidmg to
! the geneial laws of war, as sanctioned b\ civilized n:itton.<,
! it will not be questioned, exists under out Constitution.
! When Congiess has deflated that war exists with a toteign
' nation, "the general laws of war applj to out situation,"
I and it becomes the dim of the Piesident, as the eonshiu-
| tionil " eommandei-in-ehief of the auny and navy of the
I United States,'*to prosecute it.
j In pio?ecuting a foreign war, thus duly declared by Con-
i gres>, we have the right, by<{conquest and mihtaiyoccupa-
; tion," to aoquue possession ol the terntories of the enemy,
' and during the war to " exercise the fullest rights of sover-
1 eigntv over it." The >o\erejgnty of the enemv is in such
' case " suspended,' and his laws can " no longer be rightfully
, enfoiced*' over the conquered teiritory, or u be obligatory
! upon the inhabitants who leniain and submit to the con-
querors." Bv the surrender, the inhabitants pass under a
temporary allegiance" to the conqueior, and arc''bound by
such law s5 and such only, as" he maj choose to reeo in/,e
! and impose. " From the nature of the case no orhet laws
could be obligatory upon them; foi where there is no
pioteetioii. oi allegiance, or sovereignty, theie can be no
claim to obedience*"." These are well-established principles
of the laws? of war, as lecognized and piactised b\ civilized
iiniions; and thev have been sanctioned by the highest
judicial tribunal of our country.
The oiders and instructions issued to the officer* of our
army and navy, applicable to such portions of the Mexican
■ territory as had been or might be conquered by out arms.
!' weie in strict confoinnt) lo these principle*. They were,
" indeed, amehoiation* of the rigois of the war upon which
! we mi"lit have insisted. They substituted tor th  haishne*s
of military rule something of the mildness of civil gov t rn-
nient. and were not only the exercise of no evees^of power,
! but were a relaxation in tavor of the peaceable inhabitants
' of the conquered territory who had submitted to our author-
