990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
ity, and were alike politic and humane. It i< fiom the
same source oi authority thai we derive the unquestioned
ri"ht alter war ha?. been declared by Congress to blockade
tiie ports arid coa>t> of the enemy, to capture I113 towns,
citie-1, and province*, and to levy contributions upon him lor
the support ofour army. Oi"tiie same character with these
ss the rxirlit to subject to our temporary military government
the conquered territories of our enemy. They are all bel-
ligerent rights; arid their ejcetcise a  essential to the suc-
cesstui prosecution of a loreign war as the right to fight
battles.
New Mexico and Upper California were among the terri-
tories conquered and occupied by our forces, and such tem-
poiary governments vveie published over ttiein. They
weie established by officers ot our army and navy in com-
mand, 111 pursuance of the oiders and instiuclions accom-
panying my message to the House of Representatives of
December 22d, 1816. in their form and detail, as at first
established, they exceeded m some respects (as was stated
in that message) the authority which had been given ; and
insti uetions for tae eoirection ot the eiror were issued in
despatches fiom the War and Navy Depaitments of the
11th of January, lb47, copies ot which are heiewith trans-
mitted. 1'hey have been maintained and t?uppoited out of
the military exactions and contributions levied upon the
enemy, and no part of the expense has been paid out of the
treasury of the United States.
In the routine oi dut>, some of the officers of the army
arid navy, who fiist established temporaly governments in
California and New Mexico, have been succeeded m com-
mand by other officers, upon whom like duties have de-
volved; and the agents emploj ed or designated by them to
control the temporary governments have also, in some in-
stances, bet-n superseded by others. Such appointments,
for temporary civil duty during our military occupation,
were made by the officers in command in the conqueied
territoucs respectively.
Oil the conclusion and exchange of ratificationsof a treaty
of peace with .Mexico, winch wa-: proclaimed on the 4th in-
stant, these temporary government's necessarily ceased to
exwt. In the instructions to establish a temporary govern
menl over New Mexico, no distinction wa.- made between
that and the other provinces of Mexico which might be
taken and held in our military occupation.
The Province of New Mexico, according to its ancient
boundaries, as claimed by Mexico, lies on both sides of the
Itio Giaude. That pai tof it on the east of that river was 111
dispute when the war between tiie United States and Mex-
ico commenced. Texas, by a successful i evolution m April,
1836. achieved and subsequently maintained her independ-
ence. By an act of the Congress of Texas, passed in .De-
cember, 1833, her western boundary was declared to be the
Rio Grande, from Us mouth to its source, and thence due
north to the forty-second degree oi nort'i latitude. Though
the Republic of Texa-s, by man} acts of soveieignty which
sh<j exerted and exercised, some of which were st.ited in my
annual message of December, 1S46, had e^tabhshtd hei clear i
title to the country we-t oi'the :\"uece>, and boidering on
that pan of the Rio Grande winch her> below the Province
ot New Mexico, she had never conqueied oi leduced to
actual possession, and biought under her government and
laws, that part of New Mexico tying ta--t of the Rio Grande
which she claimed to be withm her limits. On the breaking
out of the war, we found Mexico in possession of this dis-
puted territory. As our army approached Santa F6, (the
e.tpital of New Mexico,) it was found to be held by a gov-
ernor under Mexican authority,and an armed force collected
to reM-t our advance. Tiie inhabitants were Mexicans,
acknowledging allegiance to Mexico. The boundary in
dispute was the line between tiie two eounmes eng.teed m
actual war, and the settlement of it of necessity depended
on a treaty of peace. Finding the Mexican authorities and
people in possession, our fbices conquered th^-m, and ex-
tended military rule over them and the territory which they
actually occupied, in lieu of the sovereignty which was dis-
placed. It was not possible to disturb or change the prac-
tical boundary line in the inuk-t of the war, when no nego-
tiation for its adjustment could be opened, and when Texas
was notpiesentby her constituted authorities to establish and
maintain government over a hostile Mexican population,
v ho acknowledged no allegiance to her. There was, tbeie-
fore, no alternative left but'to establish and maintain mihtmy
rule during the war over the conquered people m the dis-
puted ten i tory who had siih:mtt« d to our arms, oi to lorhtar
the exercise of our belhgrient rights, and leave them in a
state of anarchy, and without eontiol.
Whether the country m dispute nghtfullv belonged to
Mexico or to Texas, it wa* our right in the fhst ease, and
our duty as well as oui light in the latter, to conquer and
hold it. Whilst this temtoiy was in our possession ascon-
queiors, with a population hostile to the United States,
which nm/o than once broke out in open insurrection, it was
our unquestionable duty to continue our military occupation
of if until the conclusion ot the war, and to establish over it
miliuiy government, neccssai y for our own security, as well
as foi the protection of the conquered people.
Bui the joint lesolution of Congress of March 1,18-15," for
annexing Texas to the United States,}5 the " adjustment of |
all question? ot bouudaiv which may aiise with othct Gov-
ernments'" was le.-eived to this Government. When the
conquest of New Mexico was consummated by our arms, the
question ol boundary icinaiucd still unadjusted. Until the
exchange of the latificatvms of the late tioaty, New M-xieo
never became an undisputed portion of the United States;
and it would therefore have been ptematuie to deliver over
to T< \as that poition of it. on the east side of the ItioG'ande,
to which she a-soiled a claim. However just the light of
Texas ma)'have b 'en to it, that right had nevei been le-
dueed into her po-se-siou, and it was contested by Mexico.
By the o< -sum ot the whole of N<nv Mexico on both fades
of the Rio Gian.le to tiie United States, the question of dis-
puted boundai \, so far as Mexico is concerned, has been
s.-tried ; leaving the question, as to the tiue limits ot Texas,
inNeu Mexico, to be adjusted betneen that State and the
Uniti (1 States. T'udet the eueuin""tanees existing during the
p.'tidenev of the war, and white the whole of New Mexico,
as claimed In out euemv, v\ <ts in our nnlitat v oct upation, I
was not unmindful of the lights of Texas to that poition of
it which she claimed to be withm her limits, fn atiiwei to
a letter from the Governor of Texuc, dated on the 4th of Jan-
uaiy, 1847, the Secretary of State, by my direcfon, informed
him, in a letter of the 12th of February, 1547, that in the
President's annual message of December, 1846, {< You have
• already perceived that New Mexico is at present in the
£ temporary occupation of the troops of the United States,
' and the government over it is military in its character. It
' is mejely  uch a government as mast exist, under the laws j
4 of nations and of war, to preserve order and protect the i
f rights of the inhabitants, and will cease on the conclusion |
i ot a treaty of peace with Mexico. Nothing, therefore, can I
' be more certain than that this temporary Government, re- ;
' suiting from necessity, can never injuriously affect the right
1 which the Fi evident believes to be justly asserted by Texas
( to the whole temtory on thissideot tiie IlioGrande, when- '
' ever the Mexican claim to it shall have been extinguished ,
< by treaty. But this is a subject winch more properly be- 1
4 longs to the Legislative than the Executive brancti of the
{ Government " I
The result of the whole is, that Texas had asserted aright
to that part of New Mexico cast of the Rio Grande, which is
believed, undei the acts of Congress tor the annexation and ;
admission ot Texas into the Union as a State, and under the !
constitution and Jaw& of Texas, to be well founded ; but this I
right had never been reduced to her actual posse&sion and ,
occupancy. The General Government, possessing exclu- ,
sively the war-making power, had the right to take military '
possession of this disputed territory; and, until the title to it
was perfected by a tieaty of peace", it was their duty to hold ,
it, and to establish a temporary military government over it j
for the preservation of the conquest itself, the safety of our ;
army, and the seem ity of the conquered inhabitants.
The lesolutions further request information whether any ;
persons have been tried and condemned for " treason against !
the United States in that part of New Mexico l>ing east of !
the Rio Grande since the same has been in the occupancy ji
of our arm}-;" arid if so, before " what tribunal," and "by ji
what authority of law such tribunal was established.'" It j
appears, that after tiie territory in question was '* in the oc- '
cupancy ofour army,'' some of tiie conquered Mexican in- ,•
habitants, who had at fir->t submitted to our authority, broke ;
out in open insurrection, murdering our soldiers and cm- j'
zens, and committing other atrocious crimes. Some of the ■
ptincipal offenders*, who were apprehended, were tried and j
condemned by a tribunal invested with civil and ciimmal 1
jurisdiction, which had been established m the conquered
eounliy by the military officer in command. That the ol- i
fenders deserved the punishment inflicted upon them, there ;
is no reason to doubt; and the error in the proceedings ;
against them consisted in designating and describing their
crimes as "treason against the United States." This error 1
was pointed out, and its recurrence thereby prevented, by I.
the Secretary of War, in a despatch to the officer m com- '
mand in New Mexico, dated on tiie 25th ol June, 1847, a !,
copy of which, together with copies ot all communications |
lelaung to the subject which have b<->en received at the War
Department, aie herewith tiadmitted.
The resolutions call foi information in relation to the quan-
tity of public lands acqmird within the ceded temtorv,and
'• how much of the same is within the bonndariesof Texas,
as defined by the act of the Congress of the Republic of ,
Texas, of tiie 19th day of December, 1S36.*J No means of
making an accurate estimate on the subject is in the posses-
sion of the Executive Department. The infoimation which ■
is possessed will be found m the accompanying report of the
Secretary ot the Treasury.
The country ceded to the United States lying west of the
Rio Grande, and to which Texas has no title, is estimated
by the Commissioner of the Geneial Land Office, to con- ;
tain 52o,07S square miles, or 3G6.G£9.920 acres.
The period since the exchange ol ratifications of the treaty !
has been too short to enable the Government to have access
to, oi to piocure abstracts or copies of, the land titles issued
hy Spam or b\ the Republic of Mexico. Steps will be taken '
to piocure this information at the earliest practicableperiod. I
It is estimated,as appears fiom the a-'companjing repoit of !]
the Secretary of the Tre<isur>, that much the larger portion ;
of the land \\ ithin the Territories ceded remains vacant and (
unappropriated, and will be subject to be disposed of by the ;1
United Stales. Indeed, a very incousideiable poition of the !■
laud embiaeed in the ccssion, it is believed, has been dis- |
pose d of or granted cither by Spain or Mexico. !1
What amount of money the United States may be able to ,
ie.ih^-j fiom the sales of these vacant lands, must be uneer-
tam; but it is confidently believed, that with piudent man- |
ageinent. after making liberal giants to emigrants and set- ;
tiers, it will exct cd the cost of the war and all the expenses
to which we have been subjected in acquiring it.
The resolutions al-o call for the " evidence, or any part ;
thereof,r that the extensive and valuable territoues ceded ,
by Mexico to the United States constitute indemnity for the ;
pa^t   ]
The immense value of the ceded countrv does not consist
alone m the amount of monej for which the public lands ['
ma> be sold. If not a dollar could be realized from the sale
of these lands, the cession of the juiisdietion over the coun-
try, and thefaf r that it has become a put of our Union, and
cannot be made subject to Euiopean power, constitutes
ample '• indemnity for the past,'* in the immense value and
advantages which its acquisition must give to the commer-
cial, navigating,manufacturing, and agueultutal inteiestsof
our country.
The value of the public lands tmbtaced withm the limits
of the ceded temtorv, gteat as that value may lie.is tin less
important to the people of the United States than the sov-
ereignty over the couiiuy. .Most or our States contain no
public lands owned by the United States; and yet the sov-
ereignty and jmisdiction over them is of incalculable im-
portance to the nation. In the State of New York, the
United States is the owner of no public lands, and yet two-
thirds of our whole revenue is collected at the great poitof '
that State, and within her limits is found aboutone-sevvnih
of our entire population. Although none of the future citu s
on oui coast of California may cm r rual the citv of New
York in wenlth. population, ami business, \et, that import-
ant cities will giow up on the magnificent harbors of that
coast, with a ia|Mdiv-mcreusing population, and uekhrig a
huge revenue, would *ecm to be certain Bv the possession
of "the safe and capjcious harbors on the California coa^t.
• we shall have great advantages in eeeurmy the rich eom-
| merce of the East, and shall thus obtain foi our products
; new and iricrea&ed market, arid greatly enlarge our coast-
' ing and foreign trade, a& well as augment our tonnage and
revenue.
' These great advantages, far more than the simple value of
j the public lands in the ceded territory, " constitute our in-
demnity for the past." JAMES K. POLK.
! The message having been read—
j Mr. HILLIARD obtained the floor, but yielded
I it temporarily to—
. Mr. COBB, of Georgia, who moved that the mes-
i sage be referred to the Committee on the Territo-
ries, and that it be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK suggested as an amendment
(as far as he could be understood) to have the Ex-
' ecutive message of 1846 printed with this.
' Mr. COBB said he had no objection to having
; that document printed, but would prefer the mo-
i tion to be embodied in a separate resolution.
| Mr. HILLIAItD then resumed the floor, and
proceeded to comment on both the late messages
of the President—the one sent in some days since,
communicating the treaty with Mexico; and the
othersentin this morning,in reply to the resolution
of the House asking information in regard to the
new Territories.
Mr. H. reviewed the policy of the Administra-
tion in regard to our foreign affairs; discussed the
Territorial question; and exhibited the overshadow-
ing influence of the Executive in usurping powers
not conferred on him by the Constitution, and in
the exercise of the veto power. He contended
that the policy of the Whig party was peace, and
; the development of the internal resources of the
' country, keeping the Executive power in due
bounds; while the policy of the other party was
the extension of Executive authority, and an ag-
! grcssive system, which must lead to war and the
overthrow of our Government.
1 In the course of his speech, Mr. H. took de-
cided ground against the new compromise bill in
the Senate, stating that it was not a settlement of
the alarming question touching slavery, but a post-
ponement of it, leaving room in the meanwhile for
the wildest agitation.
Mr. BiRDSALL, of New York, followed Mr.
Hilliard in a prepared speech, which occupied his
hour in the delivery.
Mr. LINCOLN next obtained the floor amongst
; many competitors, but he said he apprehended
' that there was a disposition on the part of the
House that the discussion at this time, on this
question, should not be longer protracted; he would
announce to the House that he desired to make a
general speech, and he further announced that if
there was now a disposition to take the question
now pending, he would give way for that purpose.
[" No, no;" "go on."]
Mr. VINTON said he would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether it would not be as
well to postpone this discussion to some other
time. For himself he desired to say a few words
about this message, and not on things in general;
and he trusted before it was disposed of, that the
attention of the House and of the country would
be called to the positions of this message.
Mr. LINCOLN would say, that he hoped he
should have the indulgence of the House, while he
expressed his views at some future time: and now,
for the accommodation of gentlemen, he would
yield the floor.
Mr. VINTON desired to say a very few words
respecting this message. There were in it, as he
heard it read, some things which it struck him
should not escape the notice of this House. It had
struck him as a remarkable fact, that, in every
message communicated to this House from the
Executive of the United States, there were some
views of Executive power in derogation of the
rights of this body; but never, in the course of hu
long service in this body, had he seen any message
presented to it that, as he thought, contained so
palpable an assumption of the powers of the Con-
gress of the United States hvthe Executive, as the
message which was now before them. What were
the facts of the case' The President stated that
the State of Texas, when it was an independent
country, passed an act by which it averted a title
to the temtory to the Rio Grande. Not that they
had a title, but that they made a paper title for
themselves. And what nestr The President in that
message told them that Texas was a revolutionary
government, and that it«a righfs extended as far as
that revolution extended. Well, that was a cor-
