1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
rect principle of the law of nations. The bound-
aries of Texas were those which by force she had
acquired, and in point of fact maintained for her-
self. The President in that message informed Con-
gress that in point of fact the State of Texas never
had possession of the territory of New Mexico on
the east side of the Rio Grande. If he had said
so, he might as well have asserted that the city of
Washington was in Europe. Why, the capital of
New Mexico had been so for two hundred years,
as much so as New York, Philadelphia, and Bal-
timore, were American cities. It had forever been
the capital of New Mexico, and it had never been
in the possession of Texas. But the President of
the United States informed Congiess of this act of
Texas, setting up this paper title, which, the Pres-
ident to the contrary notwithstanding, he would
undertake to say, and every lawyer would also
undertake to say, was not even a respectable pre-
tence of a title, unaccompanied by possession. It
was not in her possession. The jurisdiction was
in New Mexico de facto; and therefore the paper
title of Texas had no more validity, according to
the laws of nations, than if we should this day
pass an act setting forth that the Saint Croix, from
its mouth to its source, was the boundary of the
United States. The character of this title was the
same as that set up by Texas. But the President
said it was a claim. He (Mr. V.) said it was not
a respectable pretence. The President said it was
a claim to part of New Mexico, while it was a
part of the Mexican Republic.
And he further informed them that when the
title to this territory of New Mexico sheill have
passed to the United States, or since it had passed
to the United States, that it became "a question to
be settled between the United States and Texas
where the boundary between them existed. That,
he admitted, was correct. It was true, that since the
settlement of this title, it had become a question
as to the claim of Texas to part of New Mexico
between the State of Texas and the United States.
It was a question which was transferred from
Mexico, the United States standing in the shoes
of Mexico, and the controversy was now between
the United States on the one side, and the State of
Texas on the other. And yet, instead ofsendmg
a message to this House and informing the Con-
gress of the United States that such was the state
of things, and submitting it to Congress to decide
the question of boundary between this Govern-
ment and the State of Texas according to its good
pleasure, and on the punciples of right and justice,
he undertook to settle this question for himself.
Now, it was a question between the United States
and the State of Texas that did not belong to the
President of the United States. It was a question
that must be settled either by the Congress of the
United States, by an agreement with the State of
Texas, or by the Judiciary of the country. But,
instead of that, what had the President done, and
what did he say? Pie wrote a letter, as he now
informed Congress for the first time, to the author-
ities of the State of Texas, and he tells them that
whenever Mexico should have ceded that country
to the United States, by virtue of the paper title
which she has manufactured for herself, Texas
would be the owner of that country from the mouth
to the source of the Rio Grande. And if there be
any truth 111 the estimate which the President had
put on the territory acquired, they might safely
estimate that east of tiie Rio Grande as worth
sixty or .seventy millions of dollars. !
The President undertook to tell the country that
the territory acquired beyond the Rio Grande was
worth more than the expenses of the war. Those
expenses would exceed one hundied millions, and
might be one hundred and fifty millions of dollars;
and the President, who was the representative of
the people of the United States whose laud this
was,undertook,on his own authority, without con-
sulting Congress, to surrender property which be-
longed to the United States to the value of sixty .
or seventy millions of dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, desired distinctly j
to understand the position of the gentleman from
Ohio, He desired to know if the gentleman as-
sumed that Congress could settle the boundaries
of Texas, in the face of the annexing resolutions,
which provided that—
"Fu^t Ssiid St.ue to be formed, subject to the adjust-
ment by this Government of all questions of boundary that
may aru>e with other Governments."
Mr. VINTON knew that New Mexico was no
longer a part of the Mexican Republic. It was
either territory of the Unite^ States or part of the
State of Texas; but what he was saying was, that
this question of boundary was one about which
the Piesident of the United States had no right to
communicate a message of that sort; much less had
he any right, before asking the opinion of Congress,
to undertake to tell the public authorities of Texas
that that country was theirs, in derogation of the
rights of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON desired still to have this thing
perfectly understood. Did he understand the gen-
tleman to say that this Government could interfere
to settle the question of boundary, unless a question
of boundary arose between her and some other Gov-
ernment?
Mr. VINTON undertook to say, that if the gen-
tleman from Tennessee had looked at the facts of
the case, he would not have found it necessary to
ask that question. He undertook to say, that if
theie was any claim on the part of Texas to that
countiy, it was a question to be settled between
the United States and the State of Texas, and that
the President of the United States had nothing to
do with it. It was a question to be settled, and
by one of two modes—by the common consent of 1
the Congress of the United States with the State of
Texas, and, if they could not agree, then by the
judiciary of the country; but the Executive power
had nothing to do with it.
The President of the United States, then, not
only undertook to settle the question of boundary, i
but he did more, for he sui rendered, without deign- |
ing to consult Congress, that to which the United i
States had an incontrovertible claim to the amount i
of sixty or seventy millions of dollars. The Pres- 1
ident, who had no right to interfere in such a mat- ;
ter, was about to surrender up this territory to i
Texas, and before this message would be disposed
of, he (Mr. V.) wished to see another resolution
passed to inquire from the President if that was a
correct deduction, and if he was really undertaking
to surrender that territory to Texas. The Presi-
dent had set up a Government there. He was in
possession of the country, and if that possession
was to be maintained, he (Mr. V.) desired to know
if the President was going to maintain it until the
question was settled between the United States and
the State of Texas; or was the President going
against the United States, to make himself a party,
and surrender it up himself into the hands of the
State of Texas? He desired that this House should
call on the President to know what he is going to
do. If that country be in fact a part of Texas
from the moment that he expelled the Mexicans
from New Mexico or conquered that country, to
use his own language, instead of setting up a gov-
ernment himself there, and usurping the powers
of Government, it was his plain and obvious duty
then, and not now, to give it up to Texas.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kentucky, made some re-
mark which did not reach the reporter's desk.
Mr. VINTON would state what he had said.
He had said if there was any reliance to be placed
on the estimates of the President of the United
States respecting the country west of the Rio
Grande, that we might put down that east of the
Rio Grande as worth sixty or seventy millions of
dollars.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired to put a question
to the gentleman from Ohio. Did the gentleman
from Ohio understand that the President undertook
to determine the boundary? That was the hy-
pothesis on which the gentleman's argument was
based.
Mr. VINTON understood the President to say
this: that the boundary of Texas extended from
the mouth to the source of the Rio Grande.
Mr. McCLERNAND understood the President
to say the reverse—that it belonged to Congress
and the State of Texas to settle.
Mr. VINTON asked that that part of the mes-
sage might be again read.
Mr. JAMESON would suggest that it would be
much better to have the message printed.
The Clerk then read the passage referred to, as
follows:
11 tne cession of the whole of New Mexico on both
sides of the Rio Grande to the United Slate?, the question
or' deputed boundary, so lar as Mexico is concerned. Juts
been settled l>a\ing the question m to the uue limits of
Texas-, in New Mexico, to be adiusted between that State
and the United States. Under the uicumstancea exi-tiny
ituiing the pendency of The wai. and whilu the whob-1 of
Neiv Mexico, as claimed by our enemy, w.is in our nutitarv
occupation, I was not unmindful of the rights of Texas, to
that portion of it which she claimed to be witiun her limit?.
In answer to a leLtei from the Governor of Texa?-, dated on
the 4th ot January, 1847, the Secretary of State, by my di-
rection, informed hun, in a letter of the 12th of February,
1847, that in the President's annual message of December,
1«46,' You have already perceived that New Mexico is at
'present m the temporary occupation of the troops of the
4 United States, and the government over it is military in its
4 character. It is merely such a government as must exist
£ under the laws of natioiirv and of war, to preserve oi der and
' protect the rights of the inhabitants, and will cea>e on the
1 conclusion of a treaty of peace with Mexico. Nothing,
< therefore, can be more certain than that this temporary
' Government, resulting from necessity, can never liijutiously
' affect the right which the Piesident believes to be ju&lly
' serted by Texas to the whole territory on this tide of the
* R;o Grande, whenever the Mexican claim to it thai) have
1 been extinguished by treaty. But this, is a subject which
< inoi e propei ly belongs to the Legislative than the Executive
* branch ot the Government.' "
Mr. VINTON. Yes, that was as he under-
stood it. The President, who represented the
rights, the property, and the interests of the Uni-
ted States, undertook to tell them voluntarily,
without the authority of this House, his opinion
that whenever the United States should acquire
this territory in New Mexico, their right would
operate from the mouth to the source of the Rio
Grrande.
Mr. McCLERNAND. But he says it is a
question to be settled by Congress rather than the
Executive.
Mr. VINTON. True, he says so; but why did
he undertake to establish the title of Texas? Why
did not the President, in his message received here
some time since, inform Congress of this state of
things, when he spoke of our conquests secured by
the treaty of peace on the Rio Grande. He (Mr.
V.) hoped the President would be called upon to
communicate the facts in this case. The President
had no right to surrender that territory, without
telling Congress that a title was set up to it, and
that Texas had a claim to New Mexico, or to that
part of it on the east side of the Rio Grande. But
so far from that, here was a paper which would go
to the world as a public document, by which the
President of the United States, who represented
the rights and interests and property of the United
States, showed, that while we had acquired that
which lay west of the Rio Grande, we had no part
east of the Rio Grande. The President, in send-
ing that letter to Texas without authority of Con-
gress, to interpose respecting the question of bound-
ary between the State of Texas and the territory
of the United States, had assumed to do that which
did not belong to him. The President had no right
to give such an opinion to Texas. He had no right
thus to injure the title of the United States. But it
was all of a piece with h is o ther acts; an d he repeated,
that if we had a title only to the territory lying west
of the Rio Grande, the President had no right to
set up a military government at the capital of New
Mexico, if that did, indeed, as the President now
assumes, belong to Texas. If that were so, he had
no more right to set up a military government there
than he would have to do so m Massachusetts or
Ohio. Suppose the British were again in the coun-
try watered by the Miami, and that they were ex-
pelled, as they were by General Harrison: would
the President have a right to set up a military gov-
ernment there? When an enemy was expelled
from their own country, it was absurd to suppose
it was necessary to set up a military government
there. If that portion of the territory from the
mouth to the source of the Rio Grande did belong
to Texas, then it was a perversion of terms to say
that it was a military government which they es-
tablished there. If it was not Mexican territory,
it was an expulsion of an enemy of the country
from our territory, and the President had not got
himself out of the difficulty. He had not relieved
himself from the charge of usurpation.
He hoped the whole truth would come out. Let
all the facts be stated. The title of Texas was a
paper title: she never had a foothold there or a
title de facto* When we entered into the war, Mex-
ico was in possession. We expelled her, and took
the country by conquest, and as a part of the Re-
public of Mexico, the President was authorized by
the laws of war to preserve the public peace there,
and to keep order. But at the very time the Pres-
ident was setting up this military government there,
he was telling Texas that when he should conquer
the country, her title would extend from the mouth
to the source of the Rio Grande. He was, there-
fore, by his own admission, setting up a military
government within the jurisdiction of the State of
Texas.
