THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED
AND PUBLISHED
AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY
BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress,
1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 29, 1848.
by the judge, but the party is driven to his suit at
law to try his right to freedom. Such a suit would
bring up the question fairly and without the inter-
vention of a jury. The person claimed as a slave
brings his action, and there never has been found
any difficulty in obtaining the aid of counsel, even
in slave States, for such purpose. The master
pleads to the action, that true it is he holds the
plaintiff in his custody, as he has a right to do, for
he is his slave. The slave replies, setting forth the
fact that California, on its cession to the United
States, was free; that slavery did not exist there,
and that it is not recognized by the Constitution of
the United States or any act of Congress; and that
by virtue of that Constitution he is free. The de-
fendant demurs, and the question of law arising
thereon is decided by the court, and if the decision
be against the slave, the Supreme Court of the
United States have jurisdiction under the 25th sec-
tion of the Judiciary act of 1789, because a decision
has been pronounced against a right claimed under
the Constitution. If the Senator will look to the
case of Menard vs. Aspasia, in 5th Peters' Rep., he
will find such to be the opinion of the Supreme
Court. He would further say to the Senator, that
in all his observation and experience in cases of
this sort, and they have not been inconsiderable,
he has discovered thatthe courts of the slave States
have been more liberal in their adjudications upon
the question of slavery than the courts of some of
the free States. The courts of one of them (Illi-
nois) had uniformly decided cases against the right
of freedom elaimea by persons held in bondage
under a modified form of servitude, recognized by
its old constitution. In precisely similar cases,
the courts of Kentucky and Missouri, to which
States such persons had been taken, decided in
favor of the right to freedom. And it is a remark-
able fact, that in all cases in those States, and he
believed in other slave States, where there was any
doubt about the right to hold the person in slavery,
the decision has been invariably against the right.
Mr. MILLER resumed, stating that in different
States in the Union public opinion operated
strongly to bias the course of law. But he pro-
tested against legislating for California and New
Mexico in such a loose manner as to leave open a
field for perpetual strife between the master and
the slave, or between the slave-owner and any
philanthropic individual who may journey into
these distant regions for the purpose of instructing
the slave in his own rights. This question was a
political one. The South regarded it as such, con-
tending that this question must be settled, or the
Union would be dissolved. He denied that even
a decision of the Supreme Court would satisfy the
party against whose wishes it militated. The de-
cision of the Supreme Court, in the case of the
United States Bank, was not satisfactory to the
opposite party; and no better result could be anti-
cipated in this case.
He was willing to vote for a bill which pro-
hibited slavery in any Territory which was free
at the time of the passage of the bill. If slavery
existed in a Territory at the time of its acquisition
by the United States, he would leave it to the peo-
ple to determine whether it should continue. He
would not vote for its abolition there. He had not
voted against the continuance of slavery when
Texas was admitted into the Union, because it
had previously been in existence there. For whose
benefit should we now extend slavery in Califor-
nia and New Mexico, where it has already been
abolished? Great Britain had introduced slavery
in this country, and what was the general tone ot
public opinion on this subject? Was it not termed
a curse which had been entailed on us by Great
Britain? And shall wc extend this curse to the
Territories over which we extend our protec-
tion ?
The South asserted that it had a greater interest
in the question than the North. This he denied.
He denied that the South had any exclusive privi-
lege to carry her slaves to the Territories for sale.
The North had an equal right to enjoy the profit
of such a traffic, and had therefore as great an in-
terest in the question as the South. Slavery does
63
not exist now on the Pacific, and by his vote it
should never be permitted there.
As to California and New Mexico, he would
not charge the South with having plunged the
country in war for the purpose of obtaining addi-
tional slave territory, because the South had been
opposed to the acquisition of this new territory.
But he put it to the South, whether this extension
of our territory did not hold out the strongest
temptations to the spreading this institution into
countries where it has not heretofore existed ?
The proper way to settle the question was by
the legislative authority. The people would not
rebel against the law; and he was not disposed to
surrender the power of Congress over the subject.
Mr. PHELPS rose and vindicated his own
course, as he judged from present appearances that
he was the only representative of the opinion he
entertained from the entire North. This was not
a pleasant situation. He accepted the position he
occupied with great reluctance.- But when he went
into it, he did not go there as the mere represent-
ative of one State, but for the purpose of concilia-
ting and harmonizing the Union. He had not
anticipated the severe, unreasonable opposition he
had encountered. He had said he could justify
himself to the country, and he was confident he
could vindicate himself to his immediate constitu-
ents. He was not to be driven out of the Senate
by the opposition which had risen up. Ilis friend
from Connecticut [Mr. Baldwin] had taken an
objection to the bill on the ground of what lawyers
call a special demurrer, because the committee had
pinned the three Territories together in one bill.
Mr. BALDWIN explained that his was more
than a technical objection.
Mr. PHELPS resumed. The bill had been
presented to the country as an odious measure.
It had been grossly misrepresented in -the news-
papers, and he feared Senators had taken their
impressions more from these paragraphs than from
an examination of the bill. The main opposition
came from his own section of country. If he
stood alone, he must stand on his own legs, and
trust to his own intelligence for his defence. He
had, a short time since, addressed the Senate, and
given his views in a manner which could not be
misunderstood. He was opposed to the extension
of slavery to any Territory which is subject to our
legislative control.
What was the condition in which California and
New Mexico have come under our care ? Slavery
has been abolished there. Such is the state in
which we receive them. By the laws of nations,
the laws of all conquered countries remain until
changed by the conqueror. If these laws are to
be retained, there is an express law containing a
prohibition of slavery, and this will continue until
we shall change it. He insisted that there was
nothing in the bill to warrant the belief that it
could ever carry slavery into these Territories.
The Senators from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
and from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] who had ad-
dressed the Senate, went over precisely the same
ground which he had traveled. There was no
difference between them; and all that surprised him
was, that after following the same path, they had,
just at the close, shot off entirely in a new direc-
tion. He had determined never to suffer himself
to yield to momentary impulses, which might mis-
lead him as they had misled others. He would
rather follow the dictates of his deliberate judg-
ment.
He replied to the objections made to the phrase-
ology that the laws of Oregon shall continue in
force until modified, altered, or rejected, contend-
ing that there was nothing in this clause to excite
alarm. It was to be expected that the new legis-
lature would reenact the prohibition of slavery, if
they made any new law; and if not, the present
law would remain in force. He believed, from the
spirit he had witnessed in the committee, that the
South would make no objection to the continuance
of this restriction in Oregon. Why, then, should
the North endeavor to disturb this harmony of
sentiment by its criticism on the bill? The pro-
vision contained in the bill relative to the existing
laws in Oregon, and the power of the legislature to
change or continue them, he considered as being
an effectual prohibition of slavery in the Territory,
without the assent of Congress. As to the judicial
authority, he would only say that the Constitution
ought to be expounded by those constitutionally
appointed for that purpose. The President, who
was not elected by his vote, he might distrust.
But as to the Supreme Court, whether they differed
from him in political views or not, he had yet to
learn that they had, in any single instance, forfeit-
ed the confidence of the country. He could repose
in their decision with entire submision, whether it
was for or against him.
He said he was well aware of the effect which
this question was intended to have on the country.
It was intended for political purposes. It was well
enough to go into this to a certain extent, but it
would be dangerous to explode all at oncc. Pop-
ular excitement was not to be trifled with. The
wheel of revolution was going round, and we know
not who is to be the last victim. We had, a short
time since, congratulated a foreign nation on its
success thus far in throwing off an odious tyranny.
An individual who had spent his life over his books
was thrown to the head of the Provisional Gov-
ernment,and the next turn of the wheel has thrown
him off into disgrace. There is but one power that
can control these things, and that power is not
human. We have now a new political church, a
sort of city of refuge, to which political criminals
may resort for safety. But he had no fear of the
result. He trusted to the intelligence of the peo-
ple.
He had thus expressed his views on the subject,
because he considered himself as implicated. If
there was cowardice in the bill, he had no fear on
the subject. He would rather attach the term to
the weathercock of popular impulse, to him who
fears to do a wise act, lest he should offend some
transient caprice. If there were any to whom re-
sponsibility should attach, it was to those who
voted for the annexation of Texas, out of which
grew the Mexican war. The Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Niles] had given the casting vote
on the question of the annexation of Texas, and
he was responsible for all the difficulties which
had grown out of it. That Senator had thrown the
most offensive epithets on this bill, and its origin-
ators, and he was bound to come forward and aid
in a compromise. If (said Mr. P.) my old coat
and jacket are to be stuffed with straw and burnt
in effigy, I would prefer that the Senator from
Connecticut should take my position, and let his
coat and jarket take the place of mine.
Mr. FITZGERALD followed in some remarks,
to show that his vote on this question ought not
to be received as compromising General Cass, or
as prejudicing his election. All this had been al-
leged as likely to be the effect of his course. Fie
had seen General Cass since his departure from
Washington, but he had never exchanged a word
with him on this subject. He had been left free
by his friends to act on his own responsibility.
Although he was a personal and political friend of
General Cass, he would not shrink from any re-
sponsibility he might incur. If all which has been
said against General Cass in the newspapers be true,
he has sins enough of his own to answer for, with-
out being responsible for his (Mr. F.'s) acts. He
voted against the appointment of this committee,
because0he was desirous that the Oregon bill should
be disposed of, as was due to the citizens of that Ter-
ritory. He was delighted, however, toseethe rain-
bow of peace exhibiting itself, after the clouds which
threatened us. He had strong objections to parts
of the bill; yet, if he thought it would produce
harmony and pcace, he would vote for it although
it would he his last act, and he should thereafter
be plunged in disgrace. But he feared, from what
he had heard, that its friends were doomed to dis-
appointment. There was a political storm raging
in the North, the effects of which no one could
foresee. It threatened, to come upon us like a
whirlwind, and who can tell where it may be
stayed? He alone was responsible for his own
acts. He would give another reason, why lie voted
