994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
against the raisins of the committee. He was not 1
in very good humor at that lima, because he had
heard "imputations thrown on northern States, and,
amon" others, upon the State represented by him, ;
on the subject of fugitive slaves. There were ,
many cases of fugitives who had not been re- ;
claimed. When he lived in Indiana, there were
bands of thieves—horsestealers as well as negro- ■
stealers—roaming through that State and Ken- >
tucky, but he never thought of charging these ;
offences upon the States in which they existed. !
He did not desire to be considered as committed j
to the support of this bill, in its present shape. j
Mr. COIlWIN rose to state his objections to ;
the bill, to the examination of which he had de-
voted himself with a sincere desire to obtain a 1
complete and elementary knowledge of the bill.
He did not apprehend any of those awful results !
fiom this bill which had been t'eit by some. He :
did not dread a dissolution of the Union. If he
did, he should not regard a seat on this floor as
worth having. He did not even apprehend all j
that had been apprehended from that dreadful ;
name, the Wilmot proviso—that raw-head-and- j
bloody-bones which had been so often invoked to 1
raise our fears. The paternity of that proviso
seemed to have been lost sight of. It seemed to
have been forgotten that it was penned by the same
hand which drew up our Declaration of Independ- ,
ence. It was from the hand of Jefferson himself; !
and great was the revolution which must have
taken place when the new opinions we now hear 1
are promulgated around us. It would be very j
unpleasant to him to say anything to wound the '
feelings of those who had so meritoriously united
to produce this bill. Buthecould notsee that press- 1
ing emergency for its passage, to which every other ;
consideration must give way. He did not see whv
Oregon, which had hitherto taken care of herself,
couldnotgo on a little longer; and he would be will- !
ing to let these foreign provinces take care of them- |
selves for another twelve-month. Wc had a mes-
sage from the President which had rarely been j
adverted to. Persons had been employed to ascer- '
tain the geography of the Mexican provinces; and,
after all, they had been obliged to apply to the '
Executive to know where they are. We are told
that Texas claims to the banks of the Rio Grande, '
and in that, case she will take some three-fourths
of the territory comprehended under the name of
New Mexico. It would be well to obtain some
information on this point before we proceed to es-
tablish a government for this new territory.
He asserted his belief, that if the Senators from
the South believed that, in an appeal to the Su-
preme Court in cases under this bill, the decision
would be against them, they would never vote for
this bill. So if the Senator from Vermont thought
the decision would be against him, he would vote
against it. He regarded slavery as a local institu-
tion, which could not be carried into any other
State, the laws of which prohibited it. He would
not, if we conquered the hottest climate on the
eaith, where the white man could not work—he
■would not vote to establish slaveiy there, unless it
had previously existed there; and m saying this,
he followed in the track of General Watshing'on,
who entertained that opinion to the day of his.
death, and of Thomas Jefferson.
He wished some Senator would inform him
whether slavery at this moment exists in Mexico,
and whether it is hereditary or not?
Mr. HANNEGAN. Peon slavery exists now
in California. The creditor may selfhis debtor as
a slave for all time, with all his property.
Mi. CORWIN liad heard the same from other
souices, and he therefore mu^t believe it to he so.
How, then, can a ease be made out for the Su-
preme Court, in which it will not be decidcd that
slavetym some form does not exist2 If a man
shall be t^ken as a slave, because he owes another ;
five dollars, and sold into perpetual slaveiy, shall
wc permit such a law to remain in force? You '
have nr.de the land red with blood under the pre- '
tence th.it you have gone thither to give freedom 1
to thecapme. You have shown, as he had always
anticipated, that this was all hypocrisy, and that,
you now desire to fasten the iron heel, not only 1
of neon slavery, but of ne^ro slavery, upon them.
He ptotfst.Ml against tin5 course of hypocrisy and
muidcr mid cruelty, transcending in horror the
bioodv code of Oiaeo.
He stated that all the leading men of the State
of Virginia—all that galaxy from which she de-  
rived the splendor of her high character—were op-
posed to the extension of slavery, and among these,
he instanced Mr. Jefferson as the most prominent.
He went on to show, that if there were fanatics in
the North, there were also fanatics in the South;
and that the latter were by far the most dangerous;
for, if the former went into the slaveholding States
to carry thither these principles, they were at least
the principles of human freedom. The efforts of the
southern fanatics were directed to the extension of
slavery over a broader surface of territory, and its
introduction into lands which had never before
been tainted by the breath of a slave.
In reference to the Wilmot proviso, he went on
to show the uncertain position of General Cuss,
and how little credit could be placed m him. Of
General Taylor's opinions on the subject he had ,
no particular information, but he was willing to
trust him. Could he be made to believe that Gen-
eral Taylor would veto any bill embracing the 1
principles of that proviso, he certainly would not
vote for him; and he would take it on himself to 1
say, that not one of the free States could be brought ,
to support him. But as between General Taylor !
and Mr. Cass, there could be no hesitation as to a '
choice.
About six o'clock Mr. Corwix concluded, hav- ;
ing occupied the floor nearly thiee houis.
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose to speak, but there
were cries of " Adjourn, adjourn !" and li No, no;
dispose of the bill !53 when Mr. U. moved that the .
Senate adjourn. j
Mr. BERRIEN demanded the yeas and nays, ;
which were ordered, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Badger, Baldwin, Beli, Benton. !
Butler. Clarke, Corwin. Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton. 1
Dix, Puu e, Filch, Fitzgerald. Greene, Hale, Hamlin,
Johnson o( Mm j land, Johnson of Louisiana, Mangum, ;
Metcalfe, Miller, \ile<, Phelps, Spruance, Underwood. Cp-
ham. Walker, and Westcott—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchi-on, Atheiton, Berrien, Boiland, '
Bra-iiiuiy, Iireesf, Rrnrhr. Calhoun, Olawon, Davis of Mis- ■
si-sippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Hannecan,
Houston, Johnson of Geouna, Ktnir. Lpwh, Mason, flu.'k,
Scba.-tiuri, Sturgeon, Turnej, and Yulee—25. ;
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuf.^du, July 25, 1348.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THOMAS, by leave, from the Con imittee
of Claims, made a report on the petition of Jacob
Houseman. Laid on the table.
Mr. PECK, after making a few pertinent re-
marks, asked leave to mo\e to discharge the Com-
. mittee of the Whole from the further consideration
, of the bill to pay the regiment of Vermont militia ■
j1 for their services at the battle of Plattsburg in 1SI2. '
• Objected to.
Mr. VINTON asked leave to report back to the
i. House from the Committee of Ways and Means ,
I the amendments of the Senate to the naval appro- .
, pnation bill. Objected to.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Hector '
, Pcikms. Head and committed.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, the Committee on '
Invalid PenMons undischarged from the consul- ,
. eration of the petition of Major L. P. Montgomeiy
| and it was laid on the table. " >
Mr. ECKERT, from the «ame committee, re-
ported bills lor the relief of Peter Myers, and for
, the relief of Captain Alexander McEwen; which
bills were read and committed.
Mr. E. also made adverse leports on the peti-
, fions of J. W. Knipe, Rezm Ttiris, and Ethel
Baitis. Laid on the table.
Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, from the same com-
mittee, teported the following bills:
A bill for the relief of El.zahpth S. Cobhs;
| A bill for the relief ofMarv Ann Pi-i'ard;
A bill for the relief of Canfield Avenll;
: A bill for the relief of the children of Lewis A.
1 Woliley;
Which bills were read and committed.
On motion of Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, the
Committee on Jmahd Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition" of
Henry Powell; and it was laid on the table.
Also, from the same committee, to which it was
' referred, Senate lull granting a pension to John
■ Clark. Committed.
On motion of Mr. W. T. LAWRENCE, the
• Committee of the Whole was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill granting a pension
to William Putman.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and,
being engrossed, was read a third time and passed,
and sent to the Senate 1or concurrence.
Mr. W- ILEY, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Wm. Kennedy. Read and
committed.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to which was referred Senate bill for the re-
. hef of David Wilkinson, reported the same back to
the House without amendment. Committed.
, Mr. MACLAY, from tne same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Daniel
Peuibone. Read and committed.
; On motion of Mr. FARRELLY, the Committee
on Patents was discharged from the consideration
1 of the petition of H. L. Thistle. Laid on the
: table.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, repoited the following resolu-
tian, which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That extra copies of the report of Lieutenant
Emory, Lieutenant Abert, and Captain Johnston, oidered
to he printed by-the House.be bound m njusliii ir't a good
substantial manner, and lettered, and that the Clerk ot the
House be directed to contract for blading ihe saint; provided
the cost shall not exceed 12£ cent? per copy.
Mr. GREGORY, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution, which was read
and agreed to:
Rt>oU ed, Thai the Committee of Accounts audit and pay
the balance of the unsettled claim of John T. .Sullivan for
statiorney furnished the House ot Representatives in lc43.
Mr. PALFREY, from the Committee on the
Library, reported the following resolution, which
was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the portrait of Major Genera] the Baron de
Kalb, piesented by his surviving family, be placed m the
Library of Conirres*.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Rules of the House, reported the following as an
additional rule to thejoint rulesof the two Souses,
which was read and agreed to:
Alter six da)s from the commencement of a second or
subsequent session ot a Con<;re<s. all hill-, lesMutions, or
report* hith originate m citlR-i House, and at me c 1<im- of
the next preceding session remained undetermined hi either
House, shall be resumed and acted on in the same manner
as ii an adjournment bad not taken place.
Mr. CHAPMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, made the following report:
That ihe proviso to the 34rh rule, viz : Provided> That,
wht-re debate i* closed by oider of the House, any member
•Miall be allowed in committee fhe. minutes to explain any
amendment he may otfei/5 be and the same is heieby re-
pealed.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, opposed the repeal
of the rule. The five minutes allowed to a member
after proposing an amendment to a bill under dis-
cussion was, as thmo-s usually proceeded here, the
only time occupied in the real bona fide discussion
of the bill or any part of it. Almost the entire time
during which the bill underwent professedly a dis-
. cussion in general debate was occupied in political
speeches wholly foreign to its merits. There was
always some favorite question upon which srentle-
, men wished to speak, and they seized the time
when the House was in Committee of the Whole
I on the state of the Union, and occupied it in speak-
ing on that subject, no matter what the bill might
be before the committee. If this five-minutes rule
wore repealed, the practical effect would he to cut
oiTall debate on important measures reported by
the stand in <r committees for the action of the House.
A bill miffht be of the utmost impoitame to the
whole country, and the amendments proposed to
it might be of the most useful character, yet no
opportunity would be affonled to explain them or
show thnr opeiation, and hence they would prob-
ably be lejeeted. Bills would thus, in eiiect.be
often passed without ever being discussed at ai!,
and without being understood.
It was smd that the rule had been abused: so it
had; but had it been half as much abused as the
hour rule was from day to dov ; It was a useful
rule: and, so fai from delaying and impeding, it
facilitated the passage of bills, and operated more
than anything else to correct their delects, and make
them what they ought to be. He hoped geiukrnen
would not blindly vote the pievjous question: ie
hoped that the rule would bo suffered to remain,
and that it would be enforced for the purposes for
which it had been adopted, so that the House
would be compelled to confine its attention to the
bills before it, and not to matters widely foreign
' from them. He had no wish to prevent debate,
