096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
spoke his allotted hour. He denied the power of j
Congress to legislate upon the right of pioperty in I
slaves further than to piotect that right as recog- ;
nized by the Constitution. !
Mr. CONGER occupied another hour in main- !
taming the constitutional power of Congress to ;
legislate for the Territories, and urging the expe- '
dicncy of excluding slavery thcrefiom.
[These speeches will be found in the Appendix.] j
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. j
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, having obtained per- :
mission to make an explanation, addressed the jl
House as follows: j!
Mr. Speaker: Ever since the speech of the gen- j I
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] ap- !
peared in print, I have been watching for an op- '
portunity to notice some of its statements. In the
whole course of my life I have never read any pi o- !
duction with more surprise than that speech of the ]
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] :
■which purports to have been delivered in this
House on the 28th ultimo, but which I did not 1
hear. It was published in the Intelligencer of the j
6th instant. !
Portions of it are graphic: and if it were designed,
as might be inferred from parts of it, for a romance,
it would be very well, and I should not feci callcd !
upon to make any comments upon it. But it is !
not so designed. Tt is meant as a serious pro- j
duction, as material for history, contributed, to i
use the gentleman's language, when the facts are j
" refutable or estabhshable." Coming before the j
country in this imposing shape, it is important for j
such of us as are concerned in its statements to j
see that they are correctly made. He makes mi- !
rmte reference to the course of the Virginia delega- :
tjon of the last Congress relative to the Oregon j
question; and he places it in a very unenviable !
light before the country. I know it was not so i
intended. I know it was his purpose to do us I
honor. Nevertheless, the effect of his narrative ;
is such as I have stated. Of those members of the
Democratic portion of the Virginia delegation of -
the last Congress who opposed the notice, and ad-
vocated the settlement of the Oregon difficulty on
the basis of 49°, my friend and colleague from the
Frederick district [Mr. Bedinger] ami myself are
the only ones now on this floor. It devolves upon
us to see that justice is done here, not only to
ourselves, but to our absent friends and former
colleagues. This is my apology for troubling the
House at this time.
I have nothing to say about the gentleman's ac-
count of Mr. Calhoun's return to the Senate. From
it, it appears that the step was first suggested by
a company of New York Whig merchants, assem-
bled at a dinner, where "a depth of feeling and a
solemnity of manner" prevailed t{ that is not usual !
over the convivial cup," especially when the gen- '
tleman is present. It seems, under these solemn
circumstances, he was requested to use his "influ-
ence with Mr. Calhoun to get him to come back
into the Senate;" that he wrote to Mr. Calhoun;
that "Mr. C. reluctantly consented to return; that !
in consequence, the Oregon question was settled." i
And he thus traces the settlement of that question I
" gradually, as he would a vast estuary along the
windings of a rivulet, till he comes to the fountain j
head, and shows from whence the mighty stream 1
has gushed."
It is true, I have not understood the history of j
that transaction as the gentleman has represented; \
but it is not with it I have any concern. Mv con- !
cern is with what he says of the course of the
Virginia delegation.
The first remark of the gentleman which requires ■
comment, is the following: |
"Rut Co'.srps-J did assemble; the Presidential message '
eanic in. averting the right to the entirety of tiie terirtorv, ■
uiiiing upon \ou, good Rcpreveiuatives, to maintain it; arid
then w.i  a floun-h and exultation, a hounding of heart,
thMUiiiioiu .ill 11)iK(? favorable*to 54° 40' Sir, I xvell remem-
ber, and hi-t«>iv m.iy tell, (for the facN are now refutable or '
establish able.) then' wa>« not one Democrat on tliw floor (save i
an humble individual) who opposed the President's message,
and ii"Mi|\ i-d not to vote for ->4° 40'." :
From the language here used, and more partic-
ularly from thai subsequently employed, the gen- |
tleman will be understood to assert, that at the ,
time of Mr. Calhoun's arrival m this city, there was
no Democrat in Congress but himself who had not ,
made up his mind to insist upon the line of 54° 40', 1
and oppose an adjustment of the Oregon dispute on 1
the basis of 40°. If such be the meaning of the gen- ]
tleman, I beg leave to correct him. There was 1
more than one "humble individual" who, long!
before the meeting of Congress, had made up his i
mind that the dispute with Great Britain relative !
to Oregon could only be settled peaceably upon the j
basis of 49°, and who was prepared to sustain the :
President m any effort he might make to settle it
on that basis. It will be recollected that I spoke
on the question early in the debate, and I advo-
cated the adjustment of the question upon almost j
the precise terms on which it was finally adjusted,
and expressed the belief that it could be, and ought !
to be, adjusted on those terms. Most of the facts ;
and arguments which I relied upon in that speech ;
were collected and arranged before the time spoken
of by the gentleman. I feared that the public mind
was fast becoming committed to extreme views;
and, so far from being prepared to insist upon '
54° 40', the object of my speech was to show that i
no such ultra position should be insisted upon, j
Most persons who entertained similar views had!
been reluctant,pending the negotiation, to express
them, as they did not wish, as long as the discus-
sion as to the extent of our rights was going on
between the two Governments, to seem to dispar-
age our claim. Such was my own case. The con-
sequence was, that nearly all the arguments which
went to the country were in advocacy of 54° 40', j
as the extreme position on the Oregon question j
was familiarly termed, and the public was fast be- ]
coming committed to it to an exient which I feared '
was unpropitious to a continuance of peace, which j
in every view I considered as desnable. !
In this crisis I considered it my duty to resist i
the current as far as my feeble powers would en- ]
able me; and I undertook to show that an adjust- I
justment of the question on the basis of 49° would !
be alike honorable and fortunate. And I certainly i
did not consider myself as opposing the Adminis- |
tration in making a speech in defence of a settle- ;
ment of the dispute upon the terms the President i
had offered to adjust it, and upon which he would \
be bound to settle it thereafter, if the same terms !
could be obtained, as I doubted not they would be. '
So much as to this first statement of the gentleman, :
which it was less important that I should notice,
as far as I am personally concerned; for the public
records will attest what my course was, and the
views which influenced it. I come now to mat- i
ter<? of which ihere is no record.
The gentleman, after informing us that the •
Whigs were unwilling to resist what they regarded
as dangerous to the country, and to throw them- ,
selves into the breach," and make what they sup- :
posed would be <{ a useless sacrifice" of them-
selves, proceeds in the following strains:
" Sir, I was not satisfied. Mr. Calhoun arrived. I called i
upon bun with a friend. It was near th<* hour of nudnurht. 1
He becsed us to remain and irive a programme of events. !
That friend said to lum : 1 Mr. Calhoun, it is the opinion of ,
' all \ our friend*, with the exception of one, without any 1
( distinction in the Senate or Hou^e, that to oppose the mes-
( sage and the view*? of the President i* to do no good, but
i onlv to be overwhelmed, and hencetoiwaid to destroy \ our
£ ahility, your usefulness.'"
The gentleman from South Carolina, in a subse-
quent part of his speech, tells us that this friend of
his was one of the Representatives from Virginia.
Now, sir, I was not present, and I cannot, there-
fore, contradict this statement. But I cannot re-
frain from expressing my strong belief that there
is some mistake about it. I know of no member
of Congress from Virginia who I am willing to
believe would advise any one, much less a distin-
guished statesman, to abstain from pursuing a
course which he regarded as dictated by his duty
to his country for reasons of a mere personal
character; or who supposed that, by doing so, he
would pieserve his "abilityand usefulness." Such
a course certainly would not have been in imita-
tion of the ancient models of patriotism which ha\ e
been held up for our admiration. Nor do I know
of one " who had made up his mind likewise to go
with the Executive" for no reason but that he
had been rebuked by Mr. Calhoun for giving him
such advice as surely he ought to have given, that
would have turned away and said, " I will, Mr.
Calhoun, sustain you, let the consequences be
what they may."
I know nothing of these statements, although I
am incredulous about them, but I do about those
which follow, and it is to correct them which is
my purpose in troubling the House at this time.
The gentleman proceeds:
<• We left bun, lor the midnight hour had arrived. My
fueiid and mxselt walked for some disiance along the pave-
ment at that dead hatu without seareelj exchanging a word,
<ro full were our hearts. We parted—as lie said to go to «;of 
ms assembled colleagues, who were waiting anxiously the
result of the conversion, and fhf next day when I saw him
I asked him,4 How are the rest?1—Virginia, the good old
Dominion, had .sent fourteen out of fifteen joung, galianf,
un«ophi<tJeated, not drilled Representative?, frecft front l*he
bo-om of the people, to represent h.*r on this floor—- How
are the rest!' said /. He said that' When I related to them
the result of our conference, they replied, We perhaps see
in it our doom : but we will nand by bun.' I received that
commnnication the next morning, j* went into the Penate
I commnnieated with the heads of the Wh><? party; and
never will I forget the deep emotion, the fiuMi of animation
on their countenances when they -aid, < WiH be stand hv
us, and lead off?' Ye«, Mr, lie did lead off; and in ^pite of
all the whippings on, the f-umulant« which were given to
the Senators who were around ?he President as a body-
guard, public opinion, imd^r Mr. Calhoun"  speech. began to
wane from its high tone, the pulse of war Beat fainter and
fainter, until at la-t the President perceived there wa« art
energy in the people that mu-t cotne down like a voice of
thunder a^amst lus measures.n
I have no remark to make about the solemnity
of feeling with which the gentleman and his friend
wete oppressed at " that dead hour*' of the night*
except to say that it seems to have been as deep
and solemn as prevailed at the dinner in New
York. But I have some remarks about the other
statements. The Virginiadelegation is represented
as assembled at midnight, anxiously watting the
result of the conversation of our colleague with a
Senator, not of our own State, but of another State;
and, by inevitable deduction, from, the account of
the gentleman, as undetermined in our course till
the result of that conversation was received. Now,
sir, there was no such meeting of our delegation
at that time, or at any other; and if there was any
one of my then colleagues who was undetermined
as to his course, I do not know who he was; nor
do I know of any one who supposed that he was
sealing his doom in pursuing the course which any
of us took. I certainly never entertained any such
impression* On the contrary, I considered the
course I took as the one pointed out by my duty?
and the only one I could pursue with safety or
honor. And I can speak in this respect with nearly
as much confidence of the views of my colleagues
as I do of my own. Sir, no delegation which Vir-
ginia has ever had upon this floor has ever occu-
pied the humiliating position in which we are
placed before the country by the gentleman.
The gentleman seemed to see that the country
would be a little incredulous about a whole defe-
gation, with but one exception, of the " good old
Dominion" occupying such a position; and hence,
to give his statement a show of plausibility, he in-
formed the country that Virginia was represented,
at the time referred to, by fourteen out of fifteen
u young, gallant, unsophisticated representatives."
Now, the country will be a little amused at this
statement when it hears who these representatives
were. At the head of our delegation stood my late
friend,(General Dromgoole,) who had been twenty-
odd years in public life, and was regarded in Vir-
ginia, even before he came to Congress, as one of
our ablest and most experienced statesmen—a rep-
utation which, I undertake to say, he did not lose
here, where he was regarded as one of our most
skillful parliamentarians. He was a man of great
gallantry and purity of character, but I never heard
him suspected of being very l<unsophisticated.if
Next to him stood the predecessor of my colleague
from the Rockbridge district, [Gov. McDowell,}
who was upwards of fifty years of age; although
he was a quiet and unobtrusive gentleman, he was
always esteemed as a very circumspect man, whose
wisdom has been improved by cxtensi\e connec-
tion with the affairs of life. Then comes my present
colleague from the Norfolk district, [Mr. Atkjk-
sox.] who is about the age of the gentleman him-
self, and has been employed in public life for many
years, and has filled with honor to himself the re-
spective posts of a member of the House of Del-
egates and Senate of Virgmia and of the Congress
of the United States. Tiiero is hut little of the
green-horn about lum. Perhaps before him I
should have named the predecessor of my friend
near me, [Mr. Thompson,] Colonel Johnson, who
twent v years ago \\as an esteemed and useful mem-
ber of this House. Next to him stands our pres-
ent minister at Lisbon, (Colonel Hopkins,) who
was very nearly, if not quite, the father of the
House in 1845, and was regauled by his associates
as so skillful and reliable that he was a prominent
candidate for the Speakership at that time. An-
other, at present a Senator from Virginia, (Mr.
Hunter,) had, prior thereto, not only been for sev-
eral years a distinguished member of this House,
