998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
only calculatcd to create new agitation throughout
the countrv.
Mr. BUTLER rose and adverted to the im-
portance of the issue now presented. Fifteen States
are contending for the enlargement of their power,
while fifteen others are struggling only, as he be-
lieved, for what were their rights. The discussion
had worn a calm and temperate character until
yesterday, when the Senator from Ohio poured
forth from his full mind, arguments and state-
ments which had forever banished from his breast
the hope of a successful termination of the efforts
at compromise. That Senator had asserted it as
his honest opinion, that it was no matter what
course was adopted in this Senate, the course
of public opinion could not be arrested or turned
aside. He insisted that the South had fulfilled
ail its obligations in relation to the existing com-
pact between the North and South. He vindi-
cated Virginia again3t the insinuations which had
been poured out upon her, and stated that she had
been unjustly and unnaturally aspersed by those
who benefited by her liberality when she made the
cession of the Northwest Territory. They who
bod profited by her bounty now turned upon her
and insulted her.
If it was a question how much the non-slave-
holding States had gained from the labor of the
slaveholding States, ihe figures of rhetoric would
soon give way before the figures of arithmetic.
He asked if the forefathers of the South, when
they gave their assent to the Constitution, had
supposed that they were giving to the North au-
thority for the unlimited expansion of their po-
litical power, while they were imposing on the
South the Procrustean process, by which she was
always to be clipped and kept within narrow fet-
ters, would they have ever given their consent to
the instrument?
He commented severely on the course of the
Eastern Stales in refusing to give up the fugitive
slaves from the South. He referred to the state-
ment which had been made in debate that the com-
promise in the Con\ention was the result of a bar-
gain, and expressed his deep regret at the degra- ■
dation which was imposed on him and on the
whole South by this bargain. He complained that '
the South had degeneiated, and been impover- j
ished for the benefit of the North; and that all this '
had been effected out of the power which the South >
had surrendered to the North in the Convention. ,
He feared it was a destiny from which she was no ■
longer able to free herself. But he would still j
resist; and would not trust to any Presidential [
vetoes—either to the veto of Mr. Cass, or the veto '
of General Taylor. He would resist as far as he j
was able. !
He referred to the history of the Oregon bill for the [
purpose of showing that the South had uniformly
exhibited a strong disposition to make concessions, j
but that they had not been met in a kindred spirit, i
He felt suie, that if the power was to be conferred :
on the Legislatures of California and New Mexico !
to enact laws on the subject, composed of all classes :
and colors of character, the decisions would be uni-
formly advefse to the interests of the South. He
was opposed to this power being given to these
foreign bodies. Congress has the power to exercise
sovereignty over the Territories, and in this power
is included the regulation of the affairs of the Ter-
ritories, with certain restrictions.
He then proceeded to examine the argument of
the Senator from Vermont. In South Carolina,
no man was eligible to a seat in the Legislature, or
an office of rank, who does not own ten slaves and
a tract of land, or <£500 free from debt. Could any
such law prevail in Vermont? Would the Sena-
tor from Vermont agree to move an amendment
that no man shall be eligible to office in California
who owns «i slave? or would it be received, if a
morion was made that a man must own ten slaves
to constitute his eligibility to office? Here, then,
was a distinction which was unconstitutional, be-
cause it made a discrimination in property which
could not be tolerated or intended. He insisted
that the power of Congress was limited here. Were
advantages to be given to one class m preference
to anothci, because in the one the elements of ch i-
lization were more distinctly developed than in the
other ?
When the Senator from Ohio declaimed against
slavery, he had forgotten that such men had existed
as Cato, and Cicero, and Demosthenes, and that
they lived m a community where slavery existed. 1
He was not disposed to indulge in declamation, or i
to .stand here as a modern declaimer. He had not
aided to carry slavery into Oregon; he was not
responsible for the spread of it. He had admired '
the oratory of the Senator from Ohio, which he
characterized as equally beautiful and adcaptandum;
but he charged that the love of power was at the
bottom of it. He ridiculed the moral tone of the
Senator's speech, and related an anecdote of a party
of clergymen at a religious revival who were called
to dine on venison, when, after the blessing had >
been asked, one whispered to the clergyman, that \
Pequod had killed the deer on Sunday. What was .
to be done? The minister told his brethren that,
the venison had been killed on Sunday: Could they j
eat it? Why, you have asked a blessing, I believe! ;
Yes. Well, then, that will partly consecrate the
venison; so we may eat the meat, and then give
Pequod thirty-nine lashes. This was morality! •
and such was the morality of the North in it3 treat-
ment of the South. i
He resisted the assertion that slaves on.board a i
ship, if driven by stress of weather out to sea, be- 1
came free, which he understood to have been made \
by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Baldwin'.] |
Mr. BALDWIN explained what he had said, |
in order to conect a misapprehension. 1
Mr. BUTLER said, if any one took his slaves '
from a ship, and the captain was a foreigner, he
should think himself entitled by the Constitution •<
to demand a declaration of war. He did not regard
the authorities which had been produced as conclu-
sive, because the cases were not sufficiently analo- 1
gous to the cases which he had assumed. If he
could find any other practical bill which protected •
the South, lie would be willing to take it; but lie I
saw no probability of obtaining a better one than ■
this. !
Mr. FOOTE rose and said, he would not have
taken any part in this discussion, but for some- |
thing which had fallen in debate. Humble as he
was, he found himself between two opposing fires. '
He had been assailed in New England, and he had
also been attacked as more dangerous than an ab-
olitionist in the leading paper published in Charles-
ton, South Carolina—the Charleston Mercury.
And he had been told by the Senator from New
Hampshire that he was so considered here. He
had therefore thought it was a proper opportunity
for him to make some few remarks, in order that
his true position should no longer be misunder-
stood. He would notgo into declamation, neither
would he go into auv history of the slave trade,
which had been already given with sufficient abil-
ity by others. He did not hold himself responsible
for the introduction of slavery, nor had he ever
entertained any extraordinary affection for slave-
dealers from any section of the Union.
He referred to the argument of the Senator from
South Carolina, fMr. Calhoun,] that the intro-
duction of a new Territory, acquired by conquest,
into the Union, although slavery may have been
abolished there previously, carried slavery with it.
To this his heart assented, but his judgment could
not yet assent to it. He was still in doubt. He
feared that the argument of the Senator from Ver-
mont had not been answered, and that it could not
be met in this Senate; and that it could not be met
in the Supreme Court; and that the decision of that
court, as it is now constituted, would be agam?t
the South. And then, said he, where are we? He
laid it down that the northern men were the
shrewdest men in the Union. He had traveled
over every part of the Union to the Rio Grande,
and had found Yankees everywhere; and he had
never found one who was not anxious to own a
slave. And they were the most rigid of masters—
they were masters indeed. As soon as a Yankee
could command four hundred dollars, he laid it out
in a slave, because he knew that he laid out his
money to advantage. Living in a cotton-growing
country, he knew that a slave was the most valu-
able property he could possess. He admired the
Yankees very much. He had never desired to
hang them all. And if he had, as had been charged
against him, ever used such an expression in the
heat of the moment, he would now retract it. He
was perfectly satisfied that the Yankees would
never vote for the abolition of slavery, if they could
gain any profit by continuing it.
Pie was not pleased with the bill, but he did not
say he would not vote for it. He represented the
: sunny South, and the generous influences which
1 governed that region would have their effect on his
course. He was willing to admit these new States
immediately, as he believed that they would he-
come cotton-growing and slave States. Next to
that, he was disposed to lake the Missouri com-
promise, as proposed to be amended, by leaving the
people below 36° 30' to take their own course.
Thirdly, he was in favor of the Missouri compro-
mise, as proposed to be amended by the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood.] This he pre-
ferred to the present compromise.
He adverted to the present condition of the
; world. We live in a peculiar age, in the midst of
' momentous occurrences. Agitation was rife in
every part of the world. In Ireland, a struggle
, was going on under more unfavorable circum-
i stances. He referred to the trial of Mitchell, and
to the definition of slavery by Curran; and stated
' that under this bill the Territories would not enjoy
, a free Government.
; He objected to the compromise, because it did
' not establish a Republican Government in Califor-
nia and New Mexico; and he considered it a vio-
' lation of the spirit of one of the articles of the
: treaty with Mexico. The power was vested in a
few persons, and the increase of the appointment
! might lead to difficulty. Suppose the President
should appoint slaveholders to these offices, there
would be more uproar in that Wilmot proviso Bed-
lam—the North—than had ever been heard before.
Suppose he should appoint a majority of these
officers from north of Mason and Dixon's line,
then we are gone—gone, not by a decision of the
Supreme Court, but by a sudden death—and he
feared that there would be but little lamentation
over us. Again, he contended that slavery could
not exist without legislative protection. If a man
should take a hundred slaves into one of these
foreign Territories, and they should be disposed
to rebel against him, what law is there to which
he can appeal. And suppose a man comes to steal
his slaves, to carry them to the Pacific, and the
owner threatens to appeal to the law; he will be
answered, vou can do nothing—there is no law in
the case. There are many in his section of coun-
try disposed to emigrate to California; but there
was not one who would be 3uch a dolt as to carry
a slave there, because he could not hold him, in
consequence of the hands of the local authorities
being tied up, so that they could not interfere on
the subject of slavery.
He then made an attack an the language used
! by the Senator from Ohio [Mr- Corwix] as to the
question. As to what he had said about the Mex~
! ican war, it was the old story which we had heard
! over and over again. That Senator had before
1 spoken on the subject, and had given great joy to
the hearts of Mexicans. It had been denounced
by his constituents, was burned in effigy, and dis-
avowed in public meetings m his own State. He
i trusted that the speech of yesterday was intended
' as a comic exhibition, for he could not seriously so
i speak when he reflected on the bloody coi\-es of
■ his fellow-countrymen bleaching on Mexican soil,
: Such language would not be tolerated in the as-
semblies of Greece or Rome, and that Senator
knew it. Even Cicero himself would have drawn
on himself the indignation of the Romans, highly
as he was honored by them as their most splendid
orator.
He then remarked on the statement of the Sen-
ator from Ohio that he would not vote for General
Taylor were he not assured that he would not put
< his veto on the Wilmot proviso, quoting from some
of the southern papers to show that his aid was
calculated on to put down that measure should it
be presented to him.
He concluded with expressing his intention to
vote for the bill, notwithstanding his objections to
the bill, should his friends still consider it as essen-
tial to the security of the interests of the South.
Mr. WESTCOTT took the floor to define his
position. He denied that Congress had any power
over the Territories which was not restricted by
the municipal regulations existing there. Ail that
had been said on the other side originated in a
misconception of the meaning of what is called a
Territorial Government, which, as was stated once
by the Senator from Missouri, was a mere police
control. The power of Congress is represented
' as supreme, arbitrary, uncontrolled. It is alleged
1 that Congress can abolish slavery in the Territo-
ries. He adverted to a small volume, published
in 1T75, containing the correspondence between
Jonathan Sewell and John Adams, in which pre-
