1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
cisely the same arguments were found to be used
by the Tories of that day, that Great Britain had
a ri^ht to legislate for the American colonies,
which are now used in reference to these Territo-
ries by Senators on the other side. The Whigs of
1776 did not deny the right of Great Britain to
legislate for the colonies in all matters relative to
foreign matters, bat they did deny her right to pat
her foot on the soil of the colonie3 and to interfere
with their local sovereignty.
We seem to have forgotten the rights of Cali-
fornia. It was not so in the Parliament of Great
Britain, where there were found a Chatham, a
Fox, and others, to stand up and assert the rights
of the colonies, and to deny the riarht of Great
Britain to impose a tax on them. He would not
be one to aid in the usurpation of rights in these
Territories for which we had no authority. He
would not deny the right of Congress to adopt po-
lice* municipal regulations. We had no right to
interfere with the sovereignty of these Territories.
Slavery might be a very good or a very bad insti-
tution; but^Congress had no control over it. He
stated, that when, early in life, he was sent to
Florida as a federal officer, he very soon resigned
the office, assigning, in his letter of resignation,
as his reason, that he could nat reconcile it to his
own feelings or to his principles to hold an office in
the appointment of the incumbent of which the
people of that Territory had no participation.
He stated his intention to append to his speech,
when published, some extracts from the volume
on his desk, in illustration of these remarks. He
read a number of letters from Mr. Madison, Mr.
Monroe, and other distinguished men, whose views
coincided with his own.
Mr. BALDWIN and Mr. BERRIEN made
some explanations..
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, rose to address
the Senate, and, after proceeding for a short time,
yielded the floor, about 7 o'clock; and
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BERRIEN called for the yeas and nays on
this motion, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken, and.decided in the
affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton,
Berrien, Bradbury, Butter, Calhoun, Clarke, Clayton, Cor-
wm, Davis of Massachusetts, Dix, Dodge, Greene, Hamlin,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis, Man-
sum. Metcalfe, Niles, Flu-Ips, Spruance, Underwood, Up-
liam. Walker, Westcott, and Yulee—30.
NAYS—Me<sis. Allen, Borland, Breese, Bright, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson, Douglas, Felch, Fitzgerald, Poote,
Hannegan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, King,
Mason, Rusk, Sebastian, and Tumey—19.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 26, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
Mr. WENT WORTH rose to a privileged ques-
tion, arid moved the usual resolution to close all
debate m Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, at two o'clock this day, on the bill to
establish the Territorial Government of Oregon;
and on this resolution Mr. W. moved the previous
question.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama; moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH thereupon asked the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. HILL moved a call of the House.
On this motion Mr. BURT demanded the yeas
and nays, which were ordered v and, being taken,
resulted as follows: Yeas 51, nays 112.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Houston to lay the resolution to limit the
debate upon the table, it was taken by yeas and
nays, and was decided in the negative: Yeas 86,
nays 88. .
Mr. RHETT rose and inquired if it was m
order to move to postpone the consideration of the
resolution ? ,
The SPEAKER said it was not, the previous
question having been seconded.
Mr. RHETT inquired if it was in order to move
to lay the resolution on the table ?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative, the
question having just been taken, and no vote in-
tervened.
Mr. RHETT inquired if it was in order to move
a call of the House?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative, the j
previous question having been seconded. _ j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose, and, having j
ascertained that his vote was recorded in the nega- ;
tive, (with the majority,) moved to reconsider the j
vote just taken, by which the House had refused ;
to lay the resolution on the table. _ >
Mr. ASHMTJN moved to lay the motion to re- j
consider on the table.
Mr. DANIEL asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted: Yeas
89, nays 91.
The question was then stated on reconsidering
the vote by which the House refused to lay the
resolution on the table; and it was decided in the
affirmative: Yeas 89, nays 88.
The vote being reconsidered—
The question was then put on laying the reso-
lution on the table, and it was decided in the
affirmative: Yeas 96, nays 90.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Earringer, JSayly,
Beak-, Bedmger, Birdcall, Bocock, Bowdon, Boulm, Boyd,
William G. Brown, Charles Blown. Albeit (J. Brown, Uuek-
ner, Burt, Cabell. Canhv. Catlicart, Clapp, Franklin Clark,
Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Criafield, Crozier,
Cummins, Daniel, Dickinson, Donnell, Featherstoii. Fick-
liu, Fiounioy, Fiench, Fries, Fulton, G<>2Kin, Green, Willard
P. Hall, Hamraons, llaial-on, Harmanson, Hams, Haskell, j
flenlev, Hill, Isaac R. Holmes, George H. Houston, Joseph ;
R. Ingersoll/lverson, Jameson, AndrewJohn^on, Robert VV. ;
Johnson, G. VV. Jones, Kennon, La Sere, Ligon, Lumpkin,
McClelland, MeUlernand, McDowell, McKay, Job Maun,
Miller, Morris, Mullin, Outlaw, Peck, Peltit. Peyton, Pres-
ton, Rhett, Richaidson. Rieliev, Robinson. Rocklnll, Root,
Sawyer, Schenck. Shepperd, Simpson, tfims, Stanton, Chas.
K. Stuart, Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
R. W. Thompson, John B Thompson, Robeit A. Thompson,
William Tiiompson, Tompkins, Venable, Wallace, Wiley,
Williams, and Woodvvaid—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, Belehor, Blar,chard,
Bo\don, Butler, Chapman,Clin2inan. Cocke, Collamer,Col-
lins, Conner, Cranston, Dailin?, Dickey, Dixon, Daniel
Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Ed wards,'Eiiihree, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Faran, Farrelly. Fisher. G'-'iltry, Guldini's,
Gott. Gregor\, Gtirmeli, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, Mosc> Hamp-
ton, Iljnij, B'las B. Holme-', John W. Houston, Hubbaul,
Hudson, Irvm, Jenkins, John W. Jone.-. Kelios^, Thomas
B. Kin?, Daniel P. King, E-ilim, W. T. Lavvience, Sidney
Lawience, Lincoln, Lord, L\ nde, .Maclay, Mcll vame, Hoi-
ace Mann, Marsh, Maivin, Morehead. Xelson, Xicoll, Pal-
frey, Peaslee, Pendleton, Pctrie,Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rose, Rumsev,
St. John, Sheriill, Silvester, Slingerland, smart, Caleb B.
Smilll, Truman Smith, Starkweather, Stephen!!, Strohm,
Tallmadse, Taylor, Tllibodeaiix, Thurston, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Warren, and Wentwortll—90.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. VINTON", from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred Senate bill for
the payment of liquidated claims against Mexico,
reported the same back to the House with an
amendment. Committed.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider a vote of the House, given yesterday, to lay
on the table a report and resolution for abolishing
the five-minutes rule, (the rule which allows every
member moving an amendment to a pending bill
five minutes to explain its nature and design.)
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to lay the motion
I to reconsider upon the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. COBB rose to a privileged motion, and j
moved to reconsider the vote of yesterday, adopt- ;
ing a joint resolution providing that business re- '
maining unfinished at the close of the first session j
of any Congress, be revived at the opening of the j
second session, so as to take it up and go on with
it from the point at which it was laid down. j
Mr. ROCKWELL hoped it would not be re- j
considered, and moved to lay the motion of Mr. j
Cobb upon the table. Mr. R. observed that the '
rule which had been adopted was a most salutary
one. " , ,
Mr. COBB said it was the worst rule that had
ever been made.
The yeas and nays were demanded on laying
the motion to reconsider upon the table, and it -
was decided in the affirmative: Yeas 128, nays 50. j
So the reconsideration was negatived. !
CLAIMS ON MEXICO.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Indiana^ the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Morehead, of
II Kentucky, in the chair.)
!j On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
II took up the Senate bill for the payment ot liqui-
'] dated claims against Mexico.
The Committee of Ways and Means reported
: l an amendment to this bill, which proposed to
j' strike out the second section and insert a new
il section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
TERRITORY OF OREGON.
The bill to establish a Territorial Government
in Oregon was then taken up.
Mr. WALLACE, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee in a constitutional argu-
ment against the power of Congress to impair the
right of property in slaves, and exposing the agi-
tations of northern abolitionists as a species of
madness, incompatible with any just sense of pa-
triotic duty.
Mr. CROWELL followed, in a general speech
on the subject of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. C. having concluded—
Mr. IVERSON obtained the floor, and spoke on
the general subject of slavery, alleging the insecu-
rity of trusting to northern compromises; contend-
ing that both the Whig candidates were unsound
on"this question, and arguing the hopelessness of
the cause of the South in the event of their suc-
cess.
The committee then rose and reported Senate
bill for payment of liquidated claims against Mex-
ico, as amended, and progress on the Oregon bill.
The amendment to the Senate bill for the pay-
ment of liquidated claims against Mexico was read
and agreed to; and the bill was passed.
Whereupon, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday , July 26, 1848.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial from P.
M. Butler, Cherokee agent, asking for the settle-
ment of his accounts, on principles of equity;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
; REPORTS FRO AT COMMITTEES,
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
! mittee on Pensions, reported House bill for the
relief of certain surviving widows of officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary war.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same committee,
reported House bill for the relief of Skelton Fel-
ton, without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report on House bill for the
relief of Daniel H. Warren.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, moved that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of Jones and Boker. .
Mr. RUSK also, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of a memo-
rial from Tennessee in relation to increase of the
pay of private soldiers.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution:
Rctohci, That the Secretary of War be directed to fumwh
the Seudte with an account of the grosa amount paid ana
allowed each officer, or person whose name appeal? in the
Atmv liegister for the current year; and also, to inform the
Senate why said information is not contained m the Army
Ile°-ister for the present year, agreeably to the requirements
of a resolution of the House of Representatives passed the
16th Febiuary, 1843.
Mr. KING, on leave, introduced a bill granting
to the State of Alabama the right of way and a
donation of public lands for making a railroad from
Mobile to the mouth of the Ohio river; which was
lead twice, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
i lie Lands.
I TERRITORIAL BILL.
! Mr. HANNEGAN submitted a resolution, that
1 the Senate do this day take a recess from four to
live o'clock, p. m. Mr. H. modified ltby substitu-
ting from " four to six.3'
Mr. BERRIEN thought the resolution very
i well as it was; one hour was sufficient,
i Mr. HANNEGAN wished to give time to those
' who lived" at a distance from the Capitol, and lie
did not think two hours too long a period, but he
! would modify it so as to read from " four to lialt-
' ^Mr^BENTON desired to inquire if the resolu-
tion was offered with a view to a night session;
for if so, he should oppose it. It was bad enougii
to be here all day during the dog-days, without
addin" in the «' dog nights:" besides being subject-
ed to the effluvia arising from unpleasant gas.
Mr. HANNEGAN eaid his sole object svas to
