1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
not be found in the whole southern bar a lawyer
who would not gratuitously give his services to a
black man, to free him from slavery, where there
was a reasonable ground for the application. He
also referred to the readiness of judges to decide in
favor of the slave. And he believed that if this
bill should pass, there would be always found at
the southern bar members who would be ready to-
sue out the freedom of slaves who were entitled to
it. The question whether a slave owner is entitled
to carry his slaves into the Territory, will be de-
cided on the first appeal; and that will decide the
matter in every future case which can arise. The
question rises above party and sectional consid-
erations. It assumes the character, and dignity,
and importance of a national one.
Mr. BADGER then obtained the floor, and
commenced with an expression of hissincere regret
that the Senator who had charge of this bill,should
have started with an assertion that it was to be
pressed through the Senate in hot haste. Instead
of invoking the fullest examination of the bill, and
of allowing Senators freely to discuss it, the ques-
tion was pressed on an exhausted Senate. Every
motion to adjourn was constantly resisted. Even
on the fit st day of the introduction of the bill, his
friend from Delaware had voted against adjourn-
ment, the yeas and nays having been demanded.
And on Monday evening, when his friend from
Kentucky desired to address the Senate, and
moved an adjournment, the same course was pur-
sued.
Mr. CLAYTON reminded the Senator from
North Carolina that he had last night suggested an
adjournment, and voted for it to enable the Senator
from Maryland to address the Senate,.
Mr. BADGER replied that this was a different
matter. The Senator from Maryland was about
to speak in defence of the bill, and this may be the
reason for the readiness of his friend from Dela-
ware to-adjourn. He repeated that every effort
had been made to press this question on an ex-
hausted Senate. He knew no reasen for thus
pressing a question of such importance. There
•was plenty of time before us. He was as desirous
as any Senator to go home and see his children;
but when a question of real magnitude was before
the Senate, he was willing to sit here until full and
ample time had been given for its examination—
say three weeks or a month, or more. As circum-
stance now stood, he should go at some length
into the reasons he had to assign for the vote he
was about to give.
He regarded this bill as a complete surrender of
the rights of the South; and on this point he ex-
panded his views to much extent. He then re-
ferred to the course taken by one of his distin-
guished colleagues from North Carolina in the
House, in which that gentleman had charged him
(Mr. B.) with having made a speech which he had
not made, and which speech that gentleman had,
with great industry, circulated through the State
of North Carolina, for the purpose of keeping him
(Mr. B.) in the minds of his constituents. He
went on to set that matter right, for the purpose
of correcting the false impression made by that
spee'eh. He then went into a history and definition
of the powers granted to Congress by the Constitu-
tion, among which he included that of governing
the territory ceded to us. That power included
either the introduction or the abolition of slavery
in the territories ceded to us. The power of ac-
quiring territory has been sustained by the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court; and the acquisition of
territory carries with it the power to govern the
territoiy, and the power to govern includes the
power to regulate slavery.
In the course of his remarks, Mr. Badger made
copious references to authorities, which he quoted
at length to sustain his positions. He did not see
why a time may not come when we shall be
obliged to hold territory, like England, in China,
or some other country; and if we maintain that we
have a right to introduce negro slavery there, we
shall be obliged to show some authority beyond
our own wishes. We have as great a right to
acquire territory as any nation or republic in
the world, and the only restraint on our rule is
that which arises from our own convictions as to
what is right and proper. It is supposed by some
that we have a right to acquire territory only for
the purpose of colonizing our slaves; but he held
that we had as much right to acquire it for a per-
petuity. The provisions in the Constitution which
had been frequently referred to, were intended
merely to limit our powers with reference to the
States of the Union; but in relation to territories
acquired by conquest or cession, the arm of the
Government is not shortened by these restrictions.
When the Missouri compromise bill came to
the Senate from the House, it contained a provis-
ion excluding slavery from the South, it was
amended in the Senate without a division, and a
provision was introduced containing a restriction
on slavery in the North and the West.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had always the im-
pression that Mr Pinkney (who had been alluded
to) was an abolitionist. lie had addressed a
meeting in Hagerstown in favor of abolitionism.
Mr. BADGER said he had a paper before him
which rebuked that charge. Had he been an ab-
olitionist, he would not have voted as he did on the
Missouri compromise. If the Senator from South
Carolina referred to Mr. Pinkney's course to im-
pugn his authority, he referred to it for no purpose.
Mr. CALHOUN said he had merely referred to
it as a fact.
Mr. BADGER said, it was, as a fact, deserving
of record. He, as a repiesentative of one of the
southern States, was called on, with his colleague,
to give up ail the rights and interests of the South.
He believed negro slavery would be as effectually
excluded by this bill as if the Wilmot proviso, or
any other bill, had passed. He had a respect for
the Supreme Court, but he was not willing to leave
the decision of the question to a court, so-large a
portion of which were opposed to slavery.
Mr. BUTLER asked the-Senator, if he could
point out a mode which would be effectual, in case
this mode of appeal should fail?
Mr. BADGER said, he thought he could very
readily do so; but he desired now to go on with his
argument. He would willingly vote for this bill,
could he be assured that it would be productive
of peace and tranquillity throughout the country.
He would go home to his constituents, one of the
Old Thirteen, and throw himself confidently before
them, and appeal to their generous patriotism. But,
believing that it can only be productive of new
agitation, he could not reconcile it to his views of
propriety to vote for it. He believed that North
Carolina would sustain him in the adoption of his
own views.
Opinions are various in the Senate with reference
to the bill. Some were willing to take it up as it
is; others were opposed to it. He thought that
the question ought to be settled. If the climate
was suited to the productions of the South, he
thought it ought to be filled with a population from
the South.
It was not intended to introduce slavery in the
North. We are called on to legislate on a great
fact. We live in the midst of three millions of
slaves. In the employment of these, no man will
use them where they are unproductive of profit.
He stated the changes which Moses made in the
Jewish laws, and that he was compelled to adapt
his code to the position and prejudices of the people
who were to be regulated by them. He advised
us to adopt the same wise policy, and to rely on
the blessing of God upon our success.
He concluded with asserting that he would be
glad to be convinced of the futility of his argu-
ments, to be satisfied that he entertained wrong
views; but while he felt the conviction that this
bill surrendered the views of the South, he could
not vote for it. Like his friend from Maryland,
he would willingly see his candidate for the Pres-
idency defeated, rather than that this question
should not be settled. Much as he believed that
the interests of the country were connected with
the success of that candidate, he would be willing
to postpone all the advantages to be obtained from
his success, rather than that the settlement of this
question should not take place.
Mr. BUTLER spoke nearly three hours, but
the confusion was too great in the gallery to allow
his argument to be heard. !
Mr. DIX then obtained the floor, and com-
menced with a defence of the State of New York
against the charge which had been made against
her of refusing to surrender fugitives from justice,
claimed under a requisition from the State of Vir-
ginia. He alleged that this was not the act of the
State, but of the Governor. He read the resolu-
tions adopted by the Legislature, of which he was
a member, which condemned the course of the
Governor. He defended New York against attacks
which had been levelled against her, and pointed
the attention of the Senate to several bright pages
in her political history. Of her social character,
her love and patronage of the arts, her system of
education, and all her great works of internal im-
provement, it was unnecessary for him to speak.
Her blood was mingled with that of the sons of
the Palmetto State on the fields of Mexico; and
the recollection of this union in death oughtto make
the Senator from South Carolina more reluctant to
cast reproach on New York.
Mr. DIX closed his speech at half-past seven
p. m.
Mr. DAYTON then rose to address the Senate
in opposition to the bill, but had not proceeded far
with his remarks when he gave way to—
Mr. MANGUM, who moved an adjournment.
Mr. DAYTON expressed his willingness to pro-
ceed. He did not desire an adjournment upon his
account.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, the
motion was decided in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs- Atchison, Badger, Baldwin. Bell, Benton,
Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Dix, Feich, Mangum,
Metcalte, Miller, Niles, Pearce, Spruance, Underwood, ami
Upham—L7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Berrien, Borland, Bnghr, Butler,
Calhoun, Clayton, Corwin, Davw of Mississippi, Dickinson,
Dodge, Douglas, Oowns,Fitzgeiald,Foote, Hale. Hanriesan,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson ot Louisiana, Johnson of Geoi-
ilia, Lewis, Phelps, Ru-K, Sebastian, Sturgeon, Turuey,
Walkei, Wesrcoit, and Yulee—30.
Mr. DAYTON resumed, and concluded his re-
marks.
Mr. UPHAM followed upon the same side.
Mr. BELL also opposed the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN delivered an argument in sup-
port of the bill.
Mr. BRADBURY followed in opposition to the
bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, at one o1clock a. m., moved
an adjournment; which was disagreed to by yeas
and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*. Badger, Baldwin, Claikt?, Corwin. Davia
of Massachusetts, Da> ton, Dix, Greene, Johnson ot Mary-
land, Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Phelps, Spruance, and Under-
wood—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Berrien, Bor-
land, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Clayton, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge, Douglas, Downs, Feleh,
Fitzgerald. Foote, Hale, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of
Georgia, King, Lewis, Mason, Ku*k, Sebastian, Sturgeon,
Turney, Walker, Westcott, and Yulee—32.
Mr. BORLAND addressed the Senate at con-
siderable length.
Mr. BERRIEN followed in an earnest defence
of the bill; when—
Mr. BALDWIN moved that the Senate adjourn;
which was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Dix, Niles, and Upnam—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, IJadgei, Ber-
neri, Bojland, Bradburj, Bieose, Busht. Butler, Calhoun,
Cl.ijton, Davis* of Mississippi, D.iVton, Dickinson, Dodsje,
Dou^la^, Downs, Feleh. Fitzgei aid, Foote, Qiecne. H.sle,
Ilamhn, Hannegan, Houston, Kmc, Lewi-, Ma-on, Miller,
Phelps, Kusk, Sebastian, Stuiseon, Turney, Und'ei wood,
Walker, Wettcon, and Yulee—39.
Mr. NILES addressed the Senate for some half
hour. There being only one Senator present m
his seat, he moved that the Senate adjourn.
It was then two a.m., but instantly Senators
rose from sofas and various parts of the lobby, and
the yeas and nays were demanded, and the motion
was disagreed to, as follows:
YEAS—Me-sis. Badger, Baldwin, Dix, Dod^e, Johnson of
Maryland, Miller, Niles, Phelp-s, Spiu.mce, Underwood, and
Upham—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchi«on, Atherton, Berrien, Bor-
laud, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke, Cla>ton,
Davi® of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dousflas, Downs, Feleh,
Fitzgerald, Foote, Hale. Hannesian, Houston, Johnson of
Georgia, Knur, Lewis, Mason, Rusk, Seba&tian, Sturgeon,
Turney, Walker, Westcott, and Yulee—1?2.
Mr. NILES then proceeded very coolly in his
remarks until he closed.
The debate was further continued bv Messrs.
ATCHISON, DICKINSON, BRIGHT, CAL-
HOUN, and others, when the Senate proceeded
to vote on the amendments.
Mr, HALE moved to amend the bill in the
thirty-seventh section by inserting after the words
" And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants
of said" the words " Territories of Oregon, New
Mexico, and California,?,so as to make the section
read:
And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of said
Territoiies of Oregon, New Mexico, and California shall be
entitled to enjoy all and singular the lights, privileges, and
advantages granted and secured to the people ot the teriitory
of the United States northwest of the river Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
