1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Mr. CLARKE moved to amend in the twenty-
fourth section by adding after the words " United
States," hi line 3G:
And m all < a<es involving the personal liberty ot a citizen
of said Territory, or any person residing therein, an appeal
from the deei sion of the supreme court ot said Territory, or
any judi/f thereat, «dia!l be allowed directly to the Supreme
Court of the United States. !
Mr. C. subsequently withdrew this amendment. !
Mr. BALDWIN moved to amend the btli in the ;
twenty-sixth section, by inserting after the word i
" slavery," in line 1(3, the following: !
Or to repeal the laws winch were in force in said Territo- j
n, when foiimos; pait of the Republic of Mexico, prohibiting !
slavery or involuntary slavery tbtuein, or any law secunn? i
tiie pir-onal liberty ot all the inhabitants thereof, but such
laws, so lar as tliev may not be inconsistent with the C'onsti- ]
tut ion oi the United Urates, shall be and remain in force un- !
til lepealed by Congress.
Mr. B. made some remarks in favor of this
amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. CLARKE moved to amend the bill in the
26th section, after the word " slavery,5' by adding; j
It being understood and declared that, at the time of the
cession ot the Territone? ot New Mexico and California by j
Mexico to the United Srate-, davery and nivoluntdiy servi- |
tiuie had been abolished b> the laws ot Mexico, and did not j
exist Uieiein ; and that the law*? now in said Territory shall I
be and leinain in lull lorce ut.til territorial legislatures shall ■
beloim-d by Congroso, wall authority to change or repeal t
the same. |
This amendment was also disagreed to. '
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill in the I
sixth section by striking out the words " nor shall |
the lands or other property of non-residents be !
taxed higher than the lands or other property of !
residents." i
This amendment was disagreed to, after a few ;
words from Mr. WALKER in explanation. |
Mr. HALE moved to amend the twelfth sec-
tion, which provides that the existing laws in j
Oregon shall continue to be valid for three months
after the first meeting of the Legislature, by stri- - j
king out the words "three month;" and on this j1
motion he asked for the yeas and nays, which weie
ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided as fol- ;
lows: :
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Athuton, Baldwin. Benton. Brad-
buiy, Clai ke. Cwrw ni, Davis ot Massachusetts Inn ton, Dix,
J) >uge, Frlch, Kuzj-eia!d; Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Miller,
Nile-, Spruance, Uph.im, ami Walker—2L.
.\AV Mto^r- Atdn-on. Badger, Bell, Berrien, Borland' j
Br>;e>e. Bns>(U, Duller, Cdlnouu, Clayton, Daws of Missis- j
Mppi iln kin-on, Dough--, Powiii, Foote, Hannegan,Hous- .
ton. Hunter, Johnson ot M:ir\land, Johnson of Lout-iana, •
Johnson ot Georgia, Knig, L*ewis,'Mantrum, .Ma-on. Met-
calfe Uu-k, Sebastian, Sturgeon, Turnty, Under wood,West- i
cott, and Yulee—33. ' >
Mr. BALDWIN moved to amend the bill by !
adding the following as the 37ih section:
Jindhe tt further cn>>cted^ That it-hall be the duty of the
attorneys tor said Tenitones, respectively, on the complaint
of any pf rson held in involuntary sen nude therein, to make ;!
application in hi- hehal', in due form of law, to the court j!
next tl.eieattei to be holdeii m snid Teuitoiy, for a writ of ii
habea- cot pin, to be dnected to the person so holding such j j
apph' ant iu serwet, as aiore^ud, and to pursue all needful i'
in in- behalf; and if the decision ot such court 'I
shall he a f\er-e to -uon application, oi if, in the leturn of
the writ, reltef-ha I he denied to the applicant on the ground M
that he is a slave held in seivitude in paid Ten itoiy , said ;;
attorney shall eau-e an appeal to be taken thetetioin; and '>
the teeoid of all the proc edmg- in the cast to be tian>nutted i I
to the Supieme Com tot the United States, as speedily as ,
m iv be t and to give notice thereof to the Attorney General :!
of'tlie United State?, who shall piosecute the -ame belore
said couit. wno shall proceed to hear and determine the i
same at the fiist term theieof. 1
The question on this amendment was decided as
follows: ;
YEAS—Mo^rr-*. Allen. Baldwin, Benton. Corwin, Davton, ■
DtX, Dodge, Feich. Greene, Hale, Hamlin, ahllei, Niles,
Upham. ami Walkei —15.
.V VYS —Me>sr=. Atchison, Cadger, Bell, Berrien, Boilrmd,
Bniidt, Buder, Calhoun. Chjton, Davis of Mississippi^
Dickinson. )iown«, Foote, Ilannegan, Houston. Hunti r, ii
Johnson of Marvland, John-on of Louisiana, Johnson of 11
Geoi^ia, Kim.', Lewis. Mam:uui, Ma-on, Metcalfe, Phelps,
Jlti-k, S'-bastian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, and Under- '
wood—Jl. !'
Mr. HALE modified his motion so as to stand
thus: St* ike out a 44 fiee white" from fifth section, 11
and insert next after the woid lk act," m the fourth ::
line, the v\ ords," and qualified to vote by the exist-
ing laws now in force m the Territory ofOiegon ,;
under the authority of the Provisional Government
established by the people thereof."
The question being taken on this amendment, it
was decided as follows:
YCAS—Messr-s. Baldwin, Benton, Clarke, Davis of Mas- j,
saohusetts, Greene, Hale, and Upham—7.
j j NAYS—Mrs.-'H, Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Bell,
11 Berrien, Borland, Bradbury, Breese, Bright. Butki, Cal-
1! houii, Clajton, Corwin, Davis of Mi-si-sippi, Dayton,Dick-
!j in-on, Dix, Dodge, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fitzgerald,
I; Foote, Hamhn. Ilannegan, Houston, Hunter, Jolin.-on of
ii Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewi.-, Ma?on, Met-
;j ealle, Miller, Niles, Rusk, Sebastian, Sturgeon, Turuey,
|| Underwood, Walkei, Westcutt, and Yulee—
j. Mr. CLARKE moved to amend the bill by add-
;j ing at the clobe of the sixth section the following
:i words:
:J Pton/it>tl, however, That no law repealing the act of the
ProvisionalGovernmentof said Terntoiypiolubmni:slavery
f | or involuntary-ervitude therein, shall be valid until thesaiue
shall be approved by Congress.
On this amendment the yeas and nays were or-
dered, and the question being taken on the motion,
it was decided as follows:
YUAS—View-. Allen, Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury,
! Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Ma-sacnusetts, Dayton, Dix,
! Dodge, Feich, Fitzgeiald. Greene, Hale, HainJin, Miller. .
i *Viles, Upham, and Walker—19 j
| NAVTc-—Messrs. AlKin-on, Atherton, Badger, Bel!,Ber-
i rien, Borland, Bree-e, Bng.it Butler, Calhoun, Clayton,
! Davis ot Mississippi. Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Foote,
I Xidiinegan, Houston, Hunter, Johnaon oi M<4ry land. Johnson
■ ot Georgia, King, Ltwis, Mason, .Metcalfe, Phelp^ itu-k, :
! Sebastian, Sturgeon, Turuey, Underwoou, VV'esteott, And .
, \ ulee—Jo. (
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved to amend
the 12th section, by inserting tiie following words: ;
J That so much of the Gth article o; tfie ordinance of the 13th \
j of July, 118'<, a.> is. contained in the loil-mmg word®,to wit: J
| "Tneie shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in
; the said Teuitoiy otherwise than in punishment ot emnes |
j vvntreoi the pai ty shall have been duly convicted, shall be
i and lemain in lorce within the Territory of Oregon."
On this motion the yeas and nays were ordered,
, and the question being taken on the amendment, ;
| it was decided as follows: !
! VEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atuerton. Baldwin, Benton, Brad" :
■ bury, Clarke, Corwin, Davis ot Massachu^ett-, Dayton,Dix,
Dodge, FoIlj, FiUgei&ld, Gieene, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, >
j Nile>, Spruisnce, Upiiam. and Walkei—21. :
j NAiT&—-Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Belt, Berrien, Borland, '
j Biet'se, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Clayton, Davis of Mis-is- .
| sippi, Dickinson, Dougla-, Downs, Foote, Hannegan, Hous-
| ton, Hunter, Jonn-on oi Maryland, Johnson oi Louisiana. ;
j Johnson oi Georgia, King, Lewis. Mangum, .Mason, Met- ^
ealle, Rusk, Si-ba.-uan, Stuigeon, Tuinev, Underv\oou, ■
, Westcott, arid Vulee—3J. " :
! Air. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the bill m the 24th and 31st sections, by inserting ;
. the following words after tiie words which empower ■
the Legislature to pass any law: j
: Except only that, in all ca-es nnolvmg title to lands, the ,
j said wilt-* oi erior*or appeals shall be allowed and decided '
, by the s.aiu supieme court, without regard to the value ol !
; the matter, propeity, or title m controVer-y. And except, }
! also, that a wilt ol error or appeal -hull also be allowed to '
i the Supreme Court of the United States Irom the decision ]
1 of the said supieme court cieattd by this act, or any judie
ihe.reoi, or ot the di-tnet courts cieated by tins act, or of 1
any judge thereof, upon any wnt ot habeas coipus involving i
; the quesuuu ot personal fieedom.
The question, after some remarks from Messrs. i
■ BRIGHT, BORLAND, and DICKLXSON, was ;
i taken by yeas and nays, and decided as follows: !
j YliAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Badger, Berrien, Brad-
[ buiy. Claike,CJay ton, Corwin, Davi- ofMas>aehuseUs, l>av-
; ton, Dix, Dodge, Felch, Fiugerald, Greene. Hale. Hamhn.
j Houston, Johnson of Mary land. Johnson ot Loui-iana, King, ''
; Mangum, Metralle, Miller, Niles, l'helps, Iiusk, Sptuanee,
Stuiiieon, Upham, and Walker—31.
NAYS—Messis. \u hi.-on, Benton. Borland, Bright, But-
ler, Calhoun, Davis or Mississippi. Dickinson. Downs, Foote,
Hannegan, Huntei, Johnson ui Geurgia. Lewu, Mason, Se-
. ba-tian. Turuey, Westeott, and Yulee—19.
Tiie bill was then reported to the Senate.
Mr. BENTON then addressed the Senate for ,
some time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved to amend
the 28th section, providing that all that part of the
territories of (he "United States called New Mexico
shall be organized into a government, by inserting ■
after tiie woids " New Mexico" the words " in-
cluding all territory except Upper California;" ,
and asked for the yeas and nays, which were or-
deitd.
Tiie question was then taken and decidcd as
follows:
YCAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Clarke. Coi win, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, (lieeno. Millei, ami Uplum—7.
\AYS—Mes-js. Allen, Aicliison. A'liei ton. Badg-r. Bell,
Bent-ui. Beruen. Bot hind. Btndbim , Br«jcso, Bnght, ButUr,
Calhoun. Clayton, D.ivis of Mi-stV-ippi, Dk-kin-on, Dix,
Dodgt, Douglas, Downs, Feich, Fit/.gerald. Foote. Hamhn.
Hannegan. Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Mart land. Johnson ,
of Louisiana. John-on ot G. oigia. King, Lew i-, Mangum,
Mason, Metcalfe. Hu^k, Sebastian. Spiuanoe. Sturgcoii^
Turuey, Undeiwood, Walkei, Westeott, and Vulee—14.
The question was then taken on the engrossment
of the bill; and, the yeas and nays being ordered,
it was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Athcuun, Benton, Berrien,
Boiland, Breese, Bright. Butler, Calhouu, Clayton, Davw of :
I Mississippi, Dickinson, Dougla«, Downs, Foote, Ilanneiran.
■ Houston, HuntPr, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisi-
ana, Johnson of Georgia. King, Lewis, Mangurn, \ia-on,
Fhelps, ivu-k, Sebastian, ^pruanee, rfturgeon, Turnev, West-
eott, and Yulee—33. "'
Allen, Badger, Baldwin. Bell, Bradbury.
Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Ma-sgu-husetts, Dayton, I)ix, Dodge,
: Sfi,Ich\f ^eene, Hale, Hamhn, Metcalfe, Miller'
1 iVile-', Underwood, Upham,*and Walker—22.
j, [Mr. Pearce, of Maryland, we happen to know,
j> remained until a late hour of the night in the Sen-
■ ate, but was obliged, through fatigue and indis-
i position, to leave the Senate some time before
!; midnight.]
The hill was then read a third time and passed.
And at seven minutes before 8 a. m., (Thurs-
■ I day morning,) after a continuous session of twenty-
j one hours, the Senate adjourned till Friday.
; The following is a copy of the bill to establish Govern-
ments in the new Teriitones. as it passed the Senate:
A BILL to establish the Territorial Governments
of Oregon, California, and New Mexico.
Be it enacted, £c., That from and after the pas-
; sage of this act, alt that part of the territory of the
: United States which lies west of the summit of the
; Rocky Mountains and north of the forty-second
; parallel of latitude, shall be organized into and con-
I stitute a temporary government by the name of the
1 Territory of Oregon; Piocided, That nothing in this
\ act contained shall be construed to impair the rights
; of person or property now pertaining to the In-
■ dians in said Territory, so long as such rights shall
remain unextinguished by treaty between the Um-
; ted States and such Indians; or to affect the author-
ity of the Government of the United States to make
1 any regulation respecting: such Indians, their lands,
; property, or other rights, by treaty, Uw, or other-
wise, which it would have been competent to the
Government to make if this act had never passed:
j And provided further, That nothing m this act con-
, tained shall be construed to inhibit the Government
j of the United States from dividing said Territory
1 into two or more Territories, in such manner and
at such times as Congress shall deem convenient
and proper; or from attaching any portion of said
Territory to any other State or Territory of the
United States.
Sec. 2. *ind be it further enactedy That the Execu-
tive power and authority m and over said Territory
of Oregon shall be vested in a Governor, who shall
hold his office for four years, and until his succes-
i sor shall be appointed and qualified, unless sooner
: removed by the President of the United States.
The Governor shall reside within said Territory,
shall be commander-in-chief of the militia thereof,
shall perform the duties and receive the emoluments
of superintendent of Indian'affairs; he may grant
pardons for offences against the laws of said Terri-
tory and reprieves for offences against the laws of
the United States, until the decision of the Presi-
, dent can be made known thereon; he shall corn-
mission all officers who shail be appointed to office
under the laws of the said Territory, and shall take
care that the laws be faithfully executed.
Sec. 3. thul bt il further inacted, That there shall
be a secretary of said Terruoiy, who shall reside
therein, and hold hid office for four years, unless
sooner removed by the President of the United
States; he shall record and preserve all the laws
and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly here-
inafter constituted, and all the acts and proceedings
of the Governor in his executive department; he
shall transmit one copy of the laws and one copy
of the executive proceedings, on or befoie the first
day of December m each year, to the President of
the United States, and at tiie same time, two copies
of the laws to the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives and the President of the Senate, for the
use of Confess. And, m case of the death, remo-
val, resignation, or other necessaiy absence of the
Governor ftom the Territory, the Secretary shall
have, and he is heiebv authorized and required to
execute and perform, all the powers and duties of
the Governor, during such vacancy or necessary
absence, or until another Governor shall be duly
appointed to fill such vacancy.
Sec. 4. tind be il further cnacUd, That the legisla-
tive power and authority ot said Territory shall be
vested in the Legislative Assembly. The Legisla-
tive Assembly shall consist of a Council and House
of Representatives. The Council shall consist of
thirteen members, having the qualifications of voters
as hereinafter prescribed, whose term of service
shall continue two years. The House of Repre-
