1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
sentatives shall, at its first session, consist of
twenty-six members, possessing the same qualifi-
cations as prescribed for members of the Council,
and whose term of service shall continue one year.
The number of representatives may be increased
by the Legislative Assembly, from time to time,
in proportion to the increase of population: Pro-
vided, That the whole number shall never exceed
thirty-nine. An apportionment shall be made, as
nearly equal as practicable, among the several
counties or districts, for the election of the Council
and Representatives, giving to each section of the
Territory representation in the ratio of its popula-
tion, Indians excepted, as nearly as may be. And
the members of the Council and of the House of
Representatives shall reside in and be inhabitants
of the district for which they may be elected re-
spectively. Previous to the first election, the Gov-
ernor shall cause the census or enumeration of the
inhabitants of the several counties and districts of
the Territory to be taken, and the first election
shall be held at such time and places, and be con-
ducted in such manner, as the Governor shall ap-
point and direct; and he shall, at the same time,
declare the number of members of the Council and
House of Representatives to which each of the
counties or districts shall be entitled under this act.
The number of persons authorized to be elected,
having the highest number of votes in each of said
Council districts, for members of the Council, shall
be declared by the Governor to be duly elected to
the Council; and the person or persons authorized
to be elected having the greatest number of votes
for the House of Representatives, equal to the
number to which each county or district shall be
entitled, shall be declared by the Governor to be
duly elected members of the House of Representa-
tives: Provided, That, in case of a tie between two
or more persons voted for, the Governor shall or-
der a new election to supply the vacancy made by
such tie. And the persons thus elected to the
Legislative Assembly shall meet at such place, and
on such day, as the Governor shall appoint; but,
thereafter, the time, place, and manner of holding
and conducting all elections by the people, and the
apportioning the representation, in the several
counties or districts, to the Council and House of
Representatives, according to population, shall be
prescribed by law, as well as the day of the com-
mencement of the regular sessions of the Legisla-
tive Assembly: Provided, That no one session
shall exceed the term of sixty days.
Sec . 5. Jind be it further enacted^ That every free
white male inhabitant, above the age of twenty-one j
years, who shall have been a resident of said Ter- j
ritory at the time of the passage of this act, shall ]
be entitled to vote at the first election, and shall be j
eligible to any office within the said Territory; hut j
the qualifications of voters and of holding office, at j
all subsequent elections, shall be such as shall be j
prescribed by the Legislative Assembly: Provided, !
That the right of suffrage and of holding office j
shall be exercised only by citizens of the United j
States, and those who shall have declared, on oath, j
their intention to become such, and shall have i
taken an oath to support the Constitution of the ;
United States, and the provisions of this act. j
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the legis- \
lative power of the Teiritory shall extend to all j
rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the !
Constitution of the United States and the provis- :
ions of this act; but no law shall be passed inter- i
fering with the. primary disposal of the soil; no tax
shall be imposed upon the property of the United
States; nor shall the lands or other property of
non-residents be taxed higher than the lands or
other property of residents. All the laws passed
by the Legislative Assembly shall be submitted to
the Congress of the United States, and if disap-
proved shall be null and of no effect. :
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all town- |
ship, district, and county officers, not herein other- !
wise provided for, shall be appointed or elected, !
as the case may be, in such manner as shall be
provided by the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Oregon. The Governor shall nominate,
and by and with the advice and consent of the
Legislative Council appoint, all officers not herein
otherwise piovided for; and in the first instance
the Governor alone may appoint all said officers,
who shall hold their offices until the end of the !
next session of the Legislative Assembly. j
Sec. 8. And be it further enactedy That no mem- j
bcr of the Legislative Assembly shall hold or be I
appointed to any office which shall have been cre-
ated, or the salary or emoluments of which shall
have been increased, while he was a member, du-
ring the term for which he was elected, and for one
year after the expiration of such term; and no per-
son holding a commission or appointment under
the United States, except postmasters, shall be a
member of the Legislative Assembly, or shall hold
any office under the government of saitl Territory,
Sec. 9. Jhulbe it further enacted, That the ju-
dicial power of said Territory shall be vested in a
supreme court, district courts, probate courts, and
in justices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and two associate justices,
any two of whom shall constitute a quorum, and
who shall hold a term at the seat of government of
said Territory annually, and they shall hold their
offices during the period of four years. The said
Territory shall be divided into three judicial dis-
tricts, and a district court shall be held m each of
said districts by one of the justices of the supreme
court, at such times and places as may be pre-
scribed by law; and the said judges shall, after
their appointments, respectively, reside in the dis-
tricts which shall be assigned them. The juris-
diction of the several courts herein provided for,
both appellate and original, and that of the probate
courts, and of justices of the peace, shall be as
limited bylaw: Provided, Thatjusticesof the peace
shall not have jurisdiction of any matter in contro-
versy where the title or boundaries of land may be
in dispute; or where the debt or sum claimed shall
exceed one hundred dollars; and the said supreme
and district courts, respectively, shall possess a
chanceryas well as common law jurisdiction. Each
district court, or the judge thereof, shall appoint
its clerk, who shall also be the register in chancery,
and shall keep his office at the place where the
court may be held. Wnts of error, bills of excep-
tion, and appeals, shall be allowed in all cases fiom
the final decisions of said uistiict courts to the
supreme court, under such regulations as may be
prescribed by law; but in no case removed to the
supreme court shall trial by jury be allowed in said
court. The supreme court, or the justices thereof,
shall appoint its own clerk, and every clerk shall
hold his office at the pleasure of the court for which
he shall have been appointed. Writs of error and
appeals from the final decisions of said supreme
court shall be allowed, and may be taken to the
Supreme Court of the United States, in the same
manner and under the same regulations as from
the circuit courts of the United States, and each of
the said district courts shall have and exercise the
same jurisdiction in all cases arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States as is
vested in the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States; and the first six days of every term of
said courts, or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary, shall be appropriated to the trial of causes
arising under the said Constitution and laws; and
writs of error and appeals, m all such cases, shall
be made to the supreme court of said Territory,
the same as in other cases. The said clerk shall
rcceive in all such cases the same fees which the
clerks of the district courts of Wisconsin Terri-
tory heretofore received for similar services.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That there
shall be appointed an attorney for said Territory,
who shall continue in office for four years, unless
sooner removed by the President, and who shall
receive the same fees and salary as were received
by the attorney of the United States for the Terii-
tory of Wisconsin. There shall also be a marshal
for the Territory appointed, who shall hold his
office for four years, unless sooner removed by the
President, and who shall execute all processes
issuing from the  aid courts, when exercising their
jurisdiction as circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States: he shall perform the duties, be subject
to the same regulation and penalties, and be enti-
tled to the same fees as were received by the marshal
of the district court of the United States for the
Territory of Wisconsin; and shall, in addition, be
paid two hundred dollars annually as a compensa-
tion for extra services.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the gov-
ernor, secretary, chief justice, and associate justices,
attorney, and marshal, shall be nominated,'and, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
pointed by the President of the United States. The
governor and secretary to be appointed as aforesaid
shall, before they act as such, respectively take an
oath or affirmation before the district judge or 6ome
| justice of the peace in the limits of said Territory,
i duly authorized to administer oaths and affirma-
tions by the laws now in force therein, or before
i the chief justice or some associate justice of the
I Supreme Court of the United States, to support the
! Constitution of the United States, and faithfully to
! discharge the duties of their respective offices;
I which said oaths, when so taken, shall be certified
j by the person by whom the same shall have been
taken, and such certificates shall be received and
recorded by the said secretary among the execu-
tive proceedings. And the chief justice and asso-
ciate justices, and all other civil officers in said
Territory, before they act as such, shall take a like
oath or affirmation before the said governor or
secretary, or..some judge or justice of the peace of
the Territory, who may be duly commissioned and
qualified; which said oath or affirmation shall be
certified and transmitted, by the person taking the
same, to the secretary, to be by him recorded as
aforesaid; and, afterwards, the like oath or affirma-
tion shall be taken, certified, and recorded, in such
manner and form as may be prescribed by law.
Thegovernor shall receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars as governor, and fifteen hundred
dollars as superintendent of Indian affairs. The chief
justice and associate justices shall each receive an
annual salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
secretary shall receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. The said salaries shall be paid
quarter-yearly at the treasury of the United States.
The members of the Legislative Assembly shall be
entitled to receive three dollars each per day during
their attendance at the sessions thereof, and three
dollars each for every twenty miles travel in going
to and returning from the said sessions, estimated
according to the nearest usually travelled route.
There shall be appropriated, annually, the sum of
one thousand dollars, to be expended by the gov-
ernor to defray the contingent expenses of the
Territory; and there shall also be appiopnated,
annually, a sufficient sum, to be expended by the
secretary of the Territory, and upon an estimate
to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, to defray the expenses of the Legis-
lative Assembly, the printing of the laws, and other
incidental expenses; and the secretary of the Ter-
ritory shall annually account to the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States for the manner in
which the afoiesaidsum shall have been expended.
Sec. 12. And be it farther enacted, That the ex-
isting laws now in force in the Territory ofOiegon,
under the authority of the provisional government
established by the people thereof, shall continue to
be valid and operative therein, so far as the same
be not incompatible with the Constitution' and the
provisions of this act, for three months after the
first meeting of the Legislature m said Territory;
subject, nevertheless, to be altered, modified, or
repealed, by the Legislative Assembly of the said
Territory of Oregon; and the Constitution and
, laws of the United States are hereby extended
,! over and declared to be in force m said Territory,
jj so far as the same, or any provision thereof, may
be applicable.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the
i Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon
' shall hold its first session at such time and place
: in said Territory as the Governor thereof shall
, appoint and direct; and at said first session, or as
soon thereafter as they shall deem expedient, the
Legislative Assembly shall proceed to locate and
establish the seat of Government for said Territory
| at such place as they may deem eligible; which
I place, howe\er, shall thereafter be subject to be
I changed by the Legislative Assembly. And the
sum of twenty thousand dollars, out of any money
: in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, is
hereby appropriated and granted to said Territory
, of Oregon, to be applied by the Governor and
Legislative Assembly thereof, to the erection of
suitable public buildings at the seat of Govern-
ment.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That a Del-
egate to the House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, to serve for the term of two years, may
be elected by the voters qualified to elect members
of the Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled
to the same rights and privileges as are exercised
i and enjoyed by the Delegates from the several
j other Territories of the United States to the said
House of Representatives. The first election shall
■! be held at such tune and places, and be conducted
II in such manner, as the Governor shall appoint and
