1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
governor or secretary, or some judge or justice of
the peace of the Territory, who may be duly com-
missioned and qualified; which said oath or affirm-
ation shall be certified and transmitted by the
person taking the same to the secretary, to be by
him recorded as aforesaid; and, aftersvards, the
like oath or affirmation shall be taken, certified,
and recorded in such manner arid form as may be
proscribed "by law. The governor shall receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dollars as gover-
nor and fifteen hundred dollars as superintendent
of Indian affairs. The chief justice and associate
justices shall each receive an annual salary of |
eighteen hundred dollars. The secretary shall re- I
ccive an annual salary of eighteen hundred dollars, j
The said salaries shall be paid quarter-yearly at i
the treasury of the United-States. There shall '
be appropriated annually the sum of one thousand
dollars, to be expended by the governor, to defray
the contingent expenses of the Territory; and
there shall also be appropriated annually a suffi-
cient sum, to be expended by the Secretary of the
Territory, and upon an estimate to be made by the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States,
to defray the expenses of the printing of the laws,
and other incidental expenses; and the secretary
of the Territory shall annually account to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury of the United States for the
manner m which the aforesaid sum shall have been
expended.
Sec. 28. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, from
and after the passage of this act, all that part of
the territories of the United States called New
Mexico, acquired by the treaty of peace, friend-
ship, limits, and settlement between the United
States of America and the Mexican Republic, con-
cluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the second day
of-February, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
shall be organized into and constitute a temporary
government, by the name of the Territory of New
Mexico: Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to impair the rights of
person or property now pertaining to the Indians
in said Territory, so long as such rights shall re-
main unextinguished by treaty between the United
States and such Indians; or to affect the authority
of the Government of the United States to make
any regulation respecting such Indians, their lands,
property, or other rights, by treaty, law, or other-
wise, which it would have been competent to the
Government to make if this act had never passed:
•find provided further, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to inhibit the Government
of the United States from dividing said Territory
into two or more Territories, in such manner and
at such times as Congress shall deem convenient
and proper, or from attaching any portion of said
Territory to any other State or Territory of the
United States.
Sec. 29. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the ex-
ecutive power and authority in and over said Ter-
ritory of New Mexico shall be vested in a Gov-
ernor, who shall hold his office for four years, and
until his successor shall be appointed and qualified,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United States. The Governor shall reside within
said Territory, shall be commander-in-chief of the
militia thereof, shall perform the dudes and receive
the emoluments of superintendent of Indian affairs;
he may grant pardons for offences against the laws
of said Territory, and reprieves for offences against
the laws of the United States, until the decision of
the President can be made known thereon; he shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed to
office under the laws of the said Territory, and
shall take care that the laws be faithfully execu-
ted.
Sue. 39. And be it farther enacted, That there
shall be a Secretary of said Territory, who shall
reside therein, and hold his office for four years,
unless sooner removed by the President of the
United Slates; lie shall record and preserve all the
laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly
hereinafter constituted, and all the acts and pro-
ceedings of the Governor in his executive depart-
ment; lie shall transmit one copy of the laws, and
one copy of the executive proceedings, on or be-
fore the first day of December in each year, to the
President of the United States, and, at the same
time, two copies of the laws to the Speaker of the
House of Representatives and the President of the
Senate, for the use of Congress. And, in case of
the death, removal, resignation, or other necessary
absence of the Governor from the Territory, the
Secretary shall have, and he is hereby authorized
and required to execute and perform, all the pow-
ers and duties of the Governor duringsuch vacancy
or necessary absence, or until another Governor
shall be,duly appointed to fill such vacancy.
^ Sec. 31. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the judi-
cial^ power of said Territory shall be vested in a
supreme court, district courts, probate courts and
in justices of the peace. The supreme court shall
consist of a chief justice and one associate justice,
who shall hold a term at the seat of government of
said Territory annually,and they shall hold their
offices during the period of four years. The said
Territory shall be divided into two judicial dis-
trcts, and a district court shall be held in each of
said districts by one of the justices of the supreme
court, at such times and places as may be pre-
scribed by law; and the said judges shall, after
their appointments, respectively, reside in the dis-
tricts which shall be assigned them. The juris-
diction of the several courts herein provided for,
both appellate and original, and that of the probate
courts, and of justices of the peace, shall be as lim-
ited by law: jProvided, That justices of the peace
shall not have jurisdiction of any matter in contro-
versy when the title or boundaries of land may be
in dispute, or where the debtor sum claimed shall
exceed one hundred dollars; and the said supreme .
and district courts, respectively, shall possess a i
chancery as well as common law jurisdiction.
Each district court, or the judge thereof, shall ap-
point its clerk, who shall also be the register in
chancery, and shall keep his office at the place
where the court may be held. Writs of error, bills i
of exception, and appeals shall be allowed in ail i
cases from the final decisions of said district courts
to the supreme court, under such regulations as
may be prescribed by law; but in no case removed
to the supreme court, shall trial by jury be allowed
in said court. The supieme court, or the justices
thereof, shall appoint its own clerk, and every clerk
shall hold his office at the pleasure of the court for
which he shall have been appointed. Writs of
error and appeals from the final decisions of said
supreme court shall be allowed, and may be taken
to the Supreme Court of the United States, in the
same manner and under the same regulations as
from the circuitcourts of the United States, except
only that in all cases involving title to slaves the
said writs of error or appeals shall be allowed and
decided by the said supreme court, without regard
to the value of the matter, property, or title in
controversy; and except, also, that a writ of error
or appeal shall be allowed to the Supreme Court of
the United States from the decision of the supreme
court created by this act or any judges thereof, or
of the district courts created by this act or of any
judge thereof, upon any writ of habeas corpus in-
volving the question of personal freedom; and each
of the said district courts shall have and exercise
the same jurisdiction in all cases arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States as is
vested in the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States; and the first six days of every term of
said courts, or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary, shall be appropriated to the trial of causes
arising under the said Constitution and laws; and
writs of error and appeals, in all such cases, shall be
made to the supreme couit of said Tenitory, the
same as in other cases. The said clerk shall receive,
in all such cases, the same fees which the clerks of
the district courts of Wisconsin Territory hereto-
fore received for similar services.
Sec. 32. Andbe it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed an Attorney for said Territory, who
shall continue m office for four years, unless sooner
removed by the President, and who shall receive
the same fees and salary as were received by the
Attorney of the United States for the Territory of
Wisconsin. There shall also be a Marshal for the"
Territory appointed, who shall hold his office for
four years, unless sooner removed by the President,
and who shall execute all processes issuing from
the said courts, when exercising their jurisdiction
as circuit and district courts of the United States;
he shall perform the duties, be subject to the same
regulation and penalties, and be entitled to the same
fees, as were received by the Marshal of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the Territory of
Wisconsin; and shall, in addition, be paid two
hundred dollars annually as a compensation for
extra services.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That the legis-
lative power of said Territory shall, until Congress
shall otherwise provide, be vested in the Governor,
Secretary, and Judges of the Supreme Court, who,
or a majority of them, shall have power to pass
any law for the administration of justice m said
Territory, which shall not be repugnant to this
act, or inconsistent with the laws and Constitution
of the United States. But no law shall be passed
respecting the establishment of religion, or respect-
ing the prohibition or establishment of African
slavery, or interfering with the primary disposal
of the soil, and no tax shall be imposed upon the
property of the United States, nor shall the lands
or other property of non-residents be taxed higher
than the lands or other property of residents. All
the laws shall be submitted to the Congress of the
United States, and, if disapproved, shall be null
and void.
Sec. 34. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Gov-
ernor, Secretary, Chief Justice, and Associate Jus-
tice, Attorney, and Maishal, shall be nominated and,
by and with the ad vice and consent of the Senate, ap-
pointed by the President of the United States. The
governor and secretary to be appointed as afore-
said shall, before they act as such, respectively
take an oath or affirmation, before the district judge,
or some justice of the peace, in the limits of said
Territory, duly authorized to administer oaths
and affirmations by the laws now in force therein,
or before the chief justice or some associate jus-
tice of the Supreme Court of the United States, to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
faithfully to discharge the duties of their respect-
ive offices; which said oaths, when so taken, shall
be certified by the person by whom the same shall
have been taken, and such certificates shall be re-
ceived and recorded by the said secretary among
the executive proceedings. And the chief justice
and associate justice, and all other civil officers in
said Territory, before they act as such, shall take
a like oath or affirmation before the said governor
or secretary, or some judge or justice of the peace
of the Territory, who may be duly commissioned
and qualified, which said oath or affirmation shall be
certified and transmitted, by the person taking the
same, to the secretary, to be by him recorded as
aforesaid; and afterwards, the like oath or affirma-
tion shall be taken, certified, and recorded, in such
manner and form as may be prescribed by law.
The governor shall receive an annual salary of fif-
teen hundred dollars as governor, and fifteen hun-
dred dollars as superintendent Indian affairs. The
chief justice and associate justice shall receive an
annual salary ofeigh teen hundred dollars. The sec-
retary shall receive an annual salary of eighteen hun-
dred dollars. The said salaries shall be paid quarter-
yearly, at the treasury of the United States. There
shall be appropriated, annually, the sum of one
thousand dollais, to be expended by thegovernor to
defray the contingent expenses of the Temtory ; and
there shall also be appropriated, annually, a suffi-
cient sum, to be expended by the secretary of the
Territory, and upon an estimate to be made by the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, to
defray the expenses of printing the laws, and other
incidental expenses; and the secretary of the Ter-
ritory shall annually account to the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States for the manner
in which the aforesaid sum shall have been ex-
pended.
Sec. 35. J1 nd be it further enacted, That the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States are hereby
extended over and declared to be in force in said
Territories of California and New Mexico, so far as
the same, or any provision thereof, may be appli-
cable.
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, majr, at his discretion,
appoint for and within the Territories any number
of Indian agents, not to exceed six; said agents to
receive the same pay, discharge the same duties,
and be subject to the same restrictions and liabili-
ties as Indian agents now are by law; and that the
laws regulating intercourse with the Indian tribes
now inlorce shall be extended and be in force in
said Territories.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, JiUy 27, 3S48.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the subject of printing an
extra number of the memoir, political, geographi-
