1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
cal and commercial, on the present state and pro-
ductive resources of Siberia and the Asiatic islands,
by Aaron H. Palmer, reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, Tlj.it extia copies of said memoir be not printed.
Mr. CONGER also, from the same committee, 1
to whom was referred the resolution directing the \
Clerk of the House of Representatives to furnish ;
each member of the House copies of all acts and ;
resolutions which may be passed, with instructions '
to ascertain the expense of the same, reported the 1
expense, as near as can be ascertained, at $200 a i
session. :
The report was read, and, on motion of Mr. !
HOUSTON, the resolution and report were laid
on the table. j
Mr. PUTNAM, by leave, offered the following I
resolution, which was read and agreed to: '
Resolved, That the Cmnrmtfc on Public Buildings and
Grounds5 inquire and examine a* to the in easily of another
buildun: for the u-f of the different public depai tments; aWo,
the fitne-fr for such purpose of the building recently ^rtctr-d
by >Jr. Winder, near the War Depaitment, and the terms on
which the ?am« c.in be purchased, and thai said committee ,
report by bill or otheiwi&e. :
Mr. FULTON, by leave, previous notice having
been given, introduced a bill authorizing the pay- :
ment of invalid pensions in certain cases. Read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Invalid !
Pensions. ;
Mr. VENABLE, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of John
Gawney. Read and committed. J
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House ,
proceed to consider the special order, viz: the rnes- :
sages of the President of the United Slates—the
treaty message and the message in relation to the
boundary of the territory acquired of Mexico.
Lost.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Rules, reported the following, to be inserted in lieu 1
of the 135th rule:
In Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, the bills shall be taken up and di-po^ed of in their
order on the e.ilendai ; but, when objection !  made to the
con-sideiation of i bill, a majority oi the committee «hali de-
cide, vuthout debate, wliethe; it -iuxll betaken up and dis-
posed ot or laid a%ide . Fro tiled. That general appropriation
bills-, and, in time of war, bill- for raising men or moMcy,
and bilh concerning a treaty of peace, shall be pieferred to
all other bills!, at the discretion of the committee, and, when
demanded by an> member, the question shall be liist put m
regard lo them.
Mr. McCLELLAND explained the provisions
of the present ruleund of the proposed amendment—
the former requiring business to be proceeded with
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and in Committee of the Whole House, m
the order of the calendar, and placing it out of the
power of the majority to change the order of busi-
ness; the latter piovidingthatthe calendar be called
in order, but that on bills being objected to, a major-
ity of the committee should decide without debate ;
whether they would proceed with theii considera- ,
tion or pass to subsequent orders.
Mr. COCD, of Georgia, opposed the amendment, i
and argued that the rule, as it now stood, promoted
the just order and despatch of business, both on
the part of the standing committees and the House;
and that the cause of the delay of business this ses-
sion lay rather with the members in their debates
than with the rules of the House. ;
Mr. ASHMUN was in favor of the amendment,
and would name but one reason, viz: that it would
enable the House to act at this session upon bills
of vast importance to the entire country, which
otherwise they would be unable to reach: among ;
them the internal-improvement bills. Hedemanded
the prc\ ions question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to lay the propo- ■
siuon on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken on '
the motion to lay upon the table, and resulted: 1
Yeas 63, nays 305. 1
The previous question was then seconded; and ■
under the operation thereof, the rule as reported ;
by the committee in lieu ot the 13oth lule was
adopted.
NEW MEXICO AND CALIFORNIA. ;
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, the House pro- .
cceded to the consuiciation ot the special oider,
viz: the messages of the Piesulcnt of the United
States—the treaty message and the message m re- '
latum to the boundary of the Territories ceded by
Mexico to the United States.
Mr. KAUFMAN being entitled to the floor, ad- .
; dressed the House in reply to Mr. Vinton. He
denied to the United States the right, in organizing
a Teiritonal Government for New Mexico, to in-
terfere with the territorial rights of Texas, as de-
fined by her treaty with Mexico of May 14, 183G,
and also by her " statute of limits" of December
19, 1836. He contended that Congress could not
curtail the territorial limits claimed by Texas with-
out her consent, without a palpable infraction of
the Constitution, a violation of the letter and the
spirit of the compact of annexation, a nullifica-
tion of solemn treaties entered into by the United
States, and a total disregard of the plighted faith of
the nation. He cited the precedents of the claims
of Maine and Massachusetts in regard to the " dis-
puted territory" on our northeastern boundary,
and concluded by invoking all parties to harmony,
conciliation, and union.
Mr. COLLAMER then took the floor, and made
a speech on the subject of freedom and slavery in
the Territories, &c.
Mr. STANTON followed, chiefly in reply to
the speech of Mr. Vinton, delivered some days
smcc, and taking the range of political subjects
generally.
Mr. LINCOLN spoke on politics in general,
and on the merits of the candidates for the Presi-
dential office. ]
Mr. BOWDON then obtained the floor, J
And the House adjourned. :
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 28, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, asked leave to report,
from the Committee on the Territories, bills to es-
tablish Territorial Governments in New Mexico
and California. Objected to.
Mr. ROCKWELiL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar. Lost.
On motion of Mr. GOGG1N, the House pro-
ceeded to the orders of the day.
The bill for the lehef of Peter Shaffer, reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the 2d of
June last without amendment, was ordered to be
engrossed, and, being engrossed, was read a third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House proceeded
to the consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
And the SPEAKER laid before the House com-
munications, as follows;
A communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the 2fith ultimo, a report of the strength of the dif-
ferent corps of the army of the United States, after
the discharge of those who, by the terms of their
enlistment and the operation of existing laws, are
required to be discharged at the close of the war
with Mexico.
The report shows the number of five years'
men in the different corps, as far as can be ascer-
tained from the records of the Adjutant General's
Officc, to be, viz:
Thy two regiment- ofdraaoons 1,093
The resnnent of mounted nflemen  427
Tne lour regiment- ofaitiliery 2.S30
The eight regiments ol mluiiuy   3,794
8,147
lteeuiits in depdt  T19
Total strength of atm\ after the dischaige of soldieis
enlisted toi the war 8.S66
The letter and report were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be print-
ed.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a leport on the claim of William Vawteis, deceased,
m pursuance of a resolution of the House of the
3d instant. Laid on the table.
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting, in obedience to a resolution of the House, a
table showing the annual cost of mail transporta-
tion, and the annual receipts of postage in each
State and Territory of the United States, for the ,
ten years preceding July 1, 1847. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A tabular statement from the Commissioner of
the General Land Officc, showing the estimated
surface of the Territories of the United States
north and west of the regularly oiganized States
of the Union, and the portions of territory north
and south of the parallel of 36° 30' north latitude. ,
Referred to the Committee on Territories, and or-
- dered to be printed.
The House proceeded to consider the amend-
( ments of the House, disagreed to by the Senate,
; to the bill of the Senate renewing certain naval
^ pensions for the term of five years, and extending
the benefits of existing laws respecting naval pen-
sions to engineers, firemen, arid coal-heavers, in
. the navy, and to their widows.
: On motion of Mr. WHITE, the House insisted
upon its amendments to said bill, and a Commit-
' tee of Conference was appointed on the part of the
House, to confer with a similar committee on the
: part of the Senate, on the disagreeing votes of the
, two Houses on said bill.
1 OREGON, CALIFORNIA, AND NEW MEXICO.
! The bill from the Senate to establish Territorial
Governments in Oregon, California, and New
Mexico, was taken from the Speaker's table.
I Mr. BOYD moved to refer the bill to the Com-
i mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the bill on the
: table, and demanded the yeas and nays.
! Mr. PETTIT desired to inquire, whether, if the
j House.should negative these motions, it would be
; in order to move to refer the bill to a select com-
| mittee?
j Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved a call of
the House, and demanded the yeas and nays
• thereon.
| Mr. BOYD (still standing in his place) claimed
I the floor upon his own motion. He had made the
1 motion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
| the State of the Union, for the purpose of securing
the earliest consideration of the measure.
j The SPEAKER said, that all the motions but that
; which was made by the gentleman from Kentucky
| [Mr. Boyd] were superseded, and the question
would be on the motion to refer to the Committee
I of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j Mr. BOYD proceeded. It is, indeed, an im-
1 portant measure. Our newly-acquired territory
should not be left in the hands of Mexicans, nor
our settlers in Oregon to the merciless butcheries
of the Indians. But, sir, there are other and higher
considerations in\olved in this measure. The fate
of this Union may, in a great degree, depend on
the action of this body with reference to some of
the provisions of this bill. Should we not, then,
in the spirit of concession and compromise, pro-
; ceed to settle, now and forever, the vexed and dis-
! tracting question of sla\ery, by the passage of this
1 measure? It might be that a majority of the
1 House would stand opposed to the bill in its pres-
: ent shape; still he hoped gentlemen would not, for
that reason, give it the go-by, by laying: it on the
table. He desired most earnestly to see this or
some other measure of compromise adopted. If
we cannot agree to pass this bill, m Heaven's
name let us endeavor to agree upon something
else. Let the bill go to the committee, where we
can examine it, exchange opinions upon it, com-
mune with each other—not as partisans, but as
men and as patriots—to the end that this vexed
and dangerous question may be settled.
By laving; this bill upon the table, the House
would, in effect, proclaim to the country their in-
disposition to settle the question now upon any
terms, and agitation, with ail its deplorable conse-
quences, must go on.
In the behalf of our common constituency, I am
constrained now to appeal to gentlemen on both
sides to join me in an honest, earnest effort, to
compromise this question, and give peace to the
country.
Mr. B. concluded by moving a call of the House;
but gave way for
Mr. AlcCLERNAND, who said, by peimission
of the gentleman from Kentucky, he desired to
make one or two observations.
Mr. BOYD would withdraw the motion for a
call of the House, if the gentleman from Illinois
would renew it.
Mr. MeCLERNAND promised to do so, and
was then permitted to proceed. lie said the ques-
tion involved in this bill was one of the mo*u mo-
mentous character. it was one which deeply
mvohed the peace of the country and our republi-
can institutions. It was important in another
point of view. We had just now emerged fiom a
war of two years' duration, during which time a
large amount of public treasure had been expended,
and much valuable blood had been shed. Among
