1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorial and petition were presented un-
de* the rule arid referred:
Bv Mr. DARLING: A memorial of citizens of the late
Stockbridgr- tube of Indians, in Wi-scon-iri, asking relief
from difficulties arising under the act of Congress, of Au-
gust 6, )£4(j, to repeal an act entitled " An act for the relief
of the Storkbridge tribe of Indians, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3. 1^3.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Hon. William Jack-
Ron and 2iU others, ot Newton, Massachusetts, praying
for a law piohibiung the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 28, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
in relation to certain unexpended balances of ap-
propriations for the surveys of the public lands,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 20th instant; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
July 21st, calling for the returns of the corporal
punishments inflicted on board the ships of the
line, frigates, and sloops of war; which was laid
on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
case of Haym M. Salomon.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following House
bill without amendment: An act granting a pen-
sion to William Pittman.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the memorials of Jedediah
Gray, Amos Doughty, and John Beetly, accom-
panied by reports in each case.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of George L. Brent and
Joseph Graham; which was read a first time.
Mr. FOOTE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Joseph McAlee,
deceased; which was read a first time.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was refeired the amendments to
the House bill making appropriation for the naval
service, made a report recommending that the Sen-
ate concur in the fiist two amendments of the
House, and insist on the amendments of the Sen-
ate; which report was concurred in, and a Com-
mittee of Conference of three Senators was ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BREESE,
Rcsohcil, That a Select Committee of five be appointed
to inquire into the expediency of providing tor the publica- :
ton, as a national woik, and without eopy-nght, under the
diienion of Congies*, of the re-ults of the recent exploring r
expedition ot j (;. Fi6inont to California and Oregon ; and j
al-o into the expediency ot providing lor continuing and j
compieiinu' the r-uivey- and explotations of the said Fr6- j
mont in Oregon and California, with a view to develop the ;
Geography oi tlio^e counting, and to discover the practical
]iiie> ot communication b\ railroads or otherwise between ,
the valley o{ the Mississippi and the Pacific Ocean, the j
re-ults ot said tuithei explorations to be published under I
the dnecuon ot Congress, as a national work, without copy- I
right. 1
The CHAIR announced the committee as fol- j
lows: Messrs. Breese, Borland, Clarke, Dodge, ;
and Metcalfe. [
On motion of Mr. FELCH, j
Res,Led, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be j
in?tiucted to mqune into the expediency of allowing an i
outfit to ihf Coimnisbionei ot' the Sandwich Islands. i
The following resolution, submitted on Wednes- j
day last by Mr. Hale, was taken up and agreed '
to: !
Raoh-y/. That the Secretaiy of War be diiected to furnish !
the Senate with an account of' the pio-ss amount paid and '
allowed each officer or per-on whose name appeals in the '
Atiiiv Register foi the curtent \ear; and aNo to uit'oun the '
Senate w h\ sa.nl information i-. not contained in the Army i
Reifi.-ter lot the pre^eul \ea'-, agreeably to the requirements !
of <i resolution of the Ilou&e ot Representatives passed the i
Jotli Fein tia; \. 181.5. i
Mr. BORLAND, on leave, introduced a bill to 1
attach the Temtoty of Nebraska to the surveying !
district of Arkansas; winch was read twice, and ,
refened to the Committee on the Public Lands. j
A joint resolution adding a new rule relative to i
the condition in which the unfinished business of !
the session should be taken up at the next session, !
was received from the House of Representatives, )
and was taken up for consideration; and, after some
colloquial discussion—in which Messrs. JOHN-
SON of Louisiana, UNDERWOOD, DOWNS,
and KING expressed opinions favorable to its
adoption, and Messrs. BENTON and BRIGHT
opposed it as an innovation of an injurious char-
acter—the joint resolution was laid on the table.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill for the payment of the liquidated
claims of citizens of the United States, was taken
■ up and concurred in.
p Mr. MASON submitted a resolution to devote
I' this day to the consideration of private bills; but
ij Mr. DAYTON, suggesting that two public bills
!, ought to he first acted on, objected to the adoption
,i of the resolution.
And it lies over, under the rule.
FOREIGN CRIMINALS.
! On motion of Mr. DAYTON, the Senate pro-
i ceeded to consider the bill to carry into effect cer-
,; tain treaty stipulations between the United States
' and foreign Governments in relation to the appre-
! hension of and delivering up of certain offenders,
jj The bill being under consideration as in Com-
[j mittee of the Whole—
[j Mr. DAYTON referred to the existing treaties
j on the subject with Great Britain and France. A
I case had occurred under the former in which the
j: fugitive wassurrendered. A case had also occurred
,! under the French treaty, in which Judge Betts,
:: of New York, held a fugitive charged with for-
gery. By writ of habeas corpus, this case was
j' brought to the United States Supreme Court, where
i it was refused to be considered, because Judge
Betts heard the casern chambers, and the Supreme
|j Court held it had no jurisdiction in the case. He
j' stated that, under all the circumstances, this bill i
jj was reported, and he hoped it would be promptly '
P passed. I
!| Mr. HALE suggested that there was a defect .
! in the bill, inasmuch as it brought citizens of the j
, United States within the operation of the bill, and i
j subjected them to be delivered up without form of '
trial. He had prepared an amendment, which he
i would move to introduce at the end of the bill.
Mr. DAYTON objected to the amendment as
subjecting every criminal to a trial by jury before
! he shall be delivered up. If anything of this kind
1 is desired, the treaty ought to be amended. We
j are bound to carry out treaties as they stand.
Mr. HALEsaid he looked on these extraditional
treaties with jealousy, and he thought the Senate
j: ought to do so, especially m such times as these,
I when we may expect enough business of this kind
on our hands. Suppose an individual denies that
he is the person designated, and that most difficult
, question—the question of identity—should arise, ;
, it ought to he settled before the person is deliv- ;
ered up. The object of his amendment was to '
give the person an apportunity to prove his inno- I
cence. He called on the Senate to be careful not !
| to lessen the securities for personal freedom. \
Mr. KING said that the Senator from New ;
■ Hampshire had taken a wrong view of the matter, j
Tins bill did not touch political offences. As to '
1 American citizens being taken in foreign countries ;
for enmes, there was no danger that any would be
| wrongfully claimed by our Government. He stated
the difficulties he had to encounter while in France
m endeavoring to discover and arrest a fugitive
from justice who had escaped into Switzerland.
He was foiled in his efforts, and he then made a
treaty with the Swiss Government which will I
, render such arrests easy hereafter. But we ought
| not to expect foreign governments to lend us facil-
| ities, if vve do not show a disposition to recipro-
i cate.
Mr. BUTLER suggested the propriety of show-
1 ing a becoming comity towards other nations; all
being alike interested m the arrest of criminals who
| are seeking to escape from justice. He objected
to the amendment moved by the Senator from New
! Hampshire.
• Mr. HALE made some remarks in defence of
i his proposition. Those around him seemed to
1 think that he desired to make this country a
| rogue's harbor. Quite the reverse. It was only
by a trial by jury that rogues were brought to
punishment. He referred again to the difficulties
1 which perplexed questions of identity, and to the
' ruinous consequences to an individual from a false
| imputation of crime.
i Mr. BADGER thought that there was not only i
: no good ground, but no reasonable apology for
j the indignant eloquence of the Senator from New
| Hampshire. His anger should have been directed
against the treaty, not against the law which was
j necessary to carry it into operation. He stated
) that the treaties are especially guarded against in-
j eluding political offences. They had relation only
i; to men who prey on society. He thought it might
jj be well to amend the bill, by inserting after the
ji words " according to theterms," the words, " and
jj true intent," of the treaty. We do not undertake
|j to try foreign criminals, but merely, on such evi-
|] denceas would justify his committal here for trial,
[j to deliver up the individual.
Mr. DAYTON defended the bill, and assured
the Senator from New Hampshire that no act we
J: could pass would take away from American citi-
I1 zens the constitutional ri^ht of a trial by jury.
' The amendment was then negatived.
I' Mr. BALDWIN moved to amend the bill, by
striking out the words " justice of peace," and in-
I serting in lieu thereof the words, "Justice of the
■ Supreme Court, and judge of a district court."
; Mr. BUTLER said, he thought it unnecessary,
! but he had no particular objection to the amend-
j ment.
| Mr. DAYTON said, that the language was in
conformity with the treaty; but if his friend from
i Connecticut was tenacious about it, he had no ob-
i jection.
j The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. DAYTON modified the bill, by inserting
! the words "true intent and meaning," as suggest-
! ed by the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger.]
I The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
' amendments were concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be read a third time, by the following
! vote—the yeas and nays being ordered at the call
, of Mr. Hale:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Borland, Brad-
bury, Butler,Calhoun, Clarke, Clayton, Davis of Mis-=i^;ppi,
Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Downs, Felch. Fitzgerald, Foote,
Harnhn, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana. Johnson of Gt-orgia,
King, Lewis, Mangnrn, Metcalfe, Miller, Phelps, Sebastian,
Spruance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, and Walker—33.
NAYS—Me-sra. Benton, Breese, Blight, Dodge, Hale,
Hannegan, and Rusk—7.
i The bill was then passed.
[ CHINA AND THE OTTOMAN PORTE.
' On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to carry into
effect certain provisions in the treaties between the
United States and China and the Ottoman Porte,
giving certain judicial powers to ministers and con-
, suls of the United States in those countries.
j The bill was then considered as m Committee of
the Whole; a substitute for the bill moved by Mr.
Davis, of Massachusetts, was adopted, and the biH
was reported to the Senate; the amendment was
agreed to, and the bill was read a third time and
passed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Senate considered the bill for the relief of cer-
tain surviving widows of officers of the revolu-
tionary army; which was read a second and third
time, and passed.
CLAIMS OF THE CHEROKEE INDIAN'S.
On motion of Mr. BELL, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the joint resolution autho-
rizing the proper accounting officers of the treasury
to render a just settlement of the claims of the
Cherokee nation of Indians, according to the prin-
ciples established by the treaty of August, 1846.
Mr. BELL suggested to the Senator from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Sebastian*] to withdraw the amend-
ment he had submitted on a former day, as it in-
voked a lar^e amount of appropriation, and would,
at this late period of the session, seriously emhar-
iass the passage of the resolution. The joint res-
olution might be passed, with a prowsion refer-
ring it to the Secretary of War to examine and
report to the next session of Congress.
Mr. SEBASTIAN consented to withdraw the
amendment, and to renew it hereafter. *
The CHAIR stated that the amendment had
been agreed to by the Senate, but the Senate could
refuse to concur in it.
Mr. BRADBURY made some remaiks on the
importance of the resolution as invoking a large
amount of money. He had objections to the refer-
ence of the settlement to one of the departments,
and thought it would be better to keep the control
Of the subject in the hands of the Senate. The
