1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
the Louisiana courts was increasing with a rapid-
ity which must soon place it above New York in
point of importance. New York has two judges,
and he thought it nccessary to give two to Louisi-
ana.
Mr. BADGER thought the amendment was a
proper one. Without looking to the future, it was
•sufficient to say that New Orleans is now a great
city, and he thought it unreasonable to assign to
the judge acting there all the duties of the State.
The business at New Orleans is sufficient to occu^
py all his time. He hoped the amendment would
oq agreed to.
Mr. DAYTON said that the committee had not
information before it to show that the business
■was so great as to require a new judge, and the
multiplication of judges he regarded as impolitic.
Should this application be granted, other applica-
tions will follow. The appointment of a new
judge involves the appointment of other new offi-
cers, and he hoped the amendment would be neg-
atived.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave a few reasons which
would induce him to vote for the additional judge.
The great business of the whole of the Western
States required this appointment. He read a list
of pending suits in the Louisiana court, to show
the impossibility of one judge performing all the
duties.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said it was per-
fectly impracticable for the present judge to leave
New Orleans for the purpose of taking charge of
the suits in the remote portions of the State. He
•could not vote for the bill without the amendment
Persons interested in the business of the court in
the interior, have, in some instances, to travel five
hundred miles, and at some seasons the journey is
impracticable. Instead of a cost to the United
States, this appointment would be an actual saving
to the country.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 22, nays
13.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill was read
a third time and passed.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. NILES moved the Senate to take up the
bill granting a tract of land for the purpose of ma-
king a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Pacific,
ton the plan of Asa Whitney, which had been re-
ported by the select committee to which the subject
was referred. It was thought important, by the
gentlemen connected with Mr. Whitney, to have
a decision concerning this measure at the present
cession, because the public lands would probably
be so disposed of before another session, as to
render the present plan impracticable. Fie there-
fore desired a vote on his motion to take up the
bill, and he would then name a day for its consid-
eration.
Mr. HALE hoped it would not be taken up, as
it was a most alarming measure. It gave away
one hundred millions of acres of the public lands
at one swoop. He was sorry to differ from the
Senator from Connecticut, but he was opposed to
throwing such an immense mass of land into the
hands of speculators. The taking up of this bill
•would alarm the public mind.
Mr. NILES said the company could not hold
the lands. It was only intended to make a public
road through them; and as they are not now worth
a cent, and no one could tell when they would be
worth anything, and as the making of this road
would give them value, and the route itself, if it
could ever be completed so as to make a common
highway, it would bind the Union together.
Mr. BENTON expressed his astonishment that
the Senator ftom Connecticut, after what had
passed, should make such a motion at this period
of the session. At the very moment that he was
looking into the records of the past to endeavor to
find out some mode of settling the difficulty of gov-
erning the Territories of California ar d New Mexi-
co, his ear was struck by this motion. He had
studied the history of California long before Mr.
Whitney thought of it. He would never vote
for giving a hundred millions of acres to any man.
We must have surveys, examination, and explo-
ration made, and not go blindfold, haphazard, into
such a schcme. It distressed him that the busi-
ness of the session was to be broken up by this mo-
tion to take up a bill out of its turn. He hoped
the calendar would be regularly taken up. lie 1
would not be astonished if Mr. Whitney should
come here with a large bill for damages against
Congress—damages for going to all the States of
the Union for recommendations.
Mr. BELL regretted that Senators should be so
ready to acton preconceived prejudices, before they
had even read the hill. As to Mr. Whitney, he
had conversed with him, and had found him modest
and intelligent. He referred to the care which had
been taken in the preparation of the bill; and he
hoped the Senate would at least take up the bill
and examine it. Unless the bill passed this session,
the opportunity will have passed away forever.
Mr. BENTON said, that if this bill was taken
up, the fortnight to come would not be sufficient.
If gentlemen expected to pass this bill without de-
bate, so long as he could stand up, they would be
disappointed. He objected to this taking up a
bill out of its order, which would consume the
rest of the session. He would trust no man in
existence with such a power as was proposed to
be given by this bill. He moved to lay the motion
on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Ronton, Borland,
Breese, Butler, Calhoun, Davis ofMississippi. Dayton, Douq-
las, Downs, Ilale, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia,
Kin?, Mason, Metcalfe, Pearee, Phelps, Rink, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Tnrnev, Underwood, Westcotf, and Vulee—97.
NAVS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Baldwin, Boll, Bradbmy,
Bright, Clarke, Dickinson, Dix, Dodse, Felch, Fitzgerald,
Poote, Hamlin, Hannegan, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis,
Miller, Niles, Upham, and Walker—21.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill for the relief of George
Center was laid on the table, was taken up, and
the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. YULEE then submitted a substitute for the
bill, which was ordered to be printed. The bill
was then informally passed over.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the private calendar, when
t'he following House bills were considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole, read the third time, and
An act for the relief of John Manly.
An act for the relief of Sarah Stokes, widow of
John Stokes.
An act for the relief of Benjamin White.
An act for the relief of Amzy Judd.
An act for the relief of Charles Chappell.
An act for the relief of William Culver.
An act for the relief of John Anderson.
An act for the relief of -the heirs of Matthew
Stewart.
An act for the relief of E. G. Smith.
An act for the relief of Jonathan Moore, of the
State of Massachusetts.
An act for the relief of Robert Ellis,
An act for the relief of Catharine Fulton, of
Washington county, Pennsylvania.
An act for the relief of Bennett M. Dell.
An act for the relief of Elijah H. Willis.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of William McICenzie, late a seaman on boaid the
United States ship Vincennes.
An act for the relief of Bent, St. Vrain, and Com-
pany.
An act for the relief of J. Throckmorton.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business. When the doors were
opened,
Ordeicrf, That after Monday next, the hour of the daily
meeting of the Senate shall be ton o'clock a. in.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill, with amendments, and they were ordered
to be printed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 31, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. BIRDSALL called up the motion made by i
him on Satuulay to reconsider the lesolntion to I
terminate debate on the Oregon bill in Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union, and was
proceeding to address the Chair, when—
The SPEAKER stated that debate, if allowed
^t all, must hi- confined within very narrow limits.
Mr. BIRDSALL wished to reply to some re-
marks of a personal character made by his col-
league, [Mr. Collins.]
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could do
so only by general consent.
Objections were made.
Mr. BIRDSALL,aftersomeconversation, with-
drew the motion to reconsider, and moved to sus-
pend the rules to allow him to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. ASHMUN reminded the Speaker that there
was already pending a motion to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER said that motion would be
first in order, and announced the question to be
the motion made by Mr. King, of Georgia, to sus-
pend the rules, to enable him to move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole from the further con-
sideration of the bill granting to the Alabama,
Florida, and Georgia Railroad Company the al-
ternate sections of the public lands along the route
of their contemplated roads, on certain conditions,
which was pending when the House adjourned on
Monday last.
The question on this motion was put, and re-
sulted:* Yeas 111, nays 52. Two-thirds voting in
the affirmative, the rules were suspended, and the
committee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and it was taken up and
read.
The question being on the amendments to the
bill repoited by the Committee on Public Lands—
A debate ensued, which lasted about an hour,
in which Messrs. VINTON, STEPHENS, KING
of Georgia, ROOT, THOMPSON of Pennsylva-
nia, and others, participated, during which sundry
amendments were proposed.
The bill was then recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr ASHMUN then moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That, in oidcr to secure a more full, impartial
and prompt publication of the debates and proceedings of
this Hourfo, the Clerk be directed to enter into acoiiUact
with the proprietors of each of the two daily papers in this
city, the National Intelligencer and the Union, to take etfec
from this dav and to continue until otherwise oidered by the
House, follows : That they shah, on their part, cnu?e to
be reported atthe fullest length, without exception, the pro-
ceedings and debues of the House of Representatives, and
the dame to pubh-h in the National Intelligencer and in
the Union foithwith, (allowing such members as de-ire it
to revise the repents of their own speeches before being
published;) and to publish also any speeches delivered at
this session which have not been heretofore inserted in their
columns, as well as any committee report? and public docu-
ments* winch may bp directed by the House to be.--o published;
and to furnish two copies of each paper containing the same
to each member of the .House of Representatives upon the
following terms, to wit: Atthe rate of two dollars and fifty
cent" to each ol said papers tor the quantity of a Congress
small pica document page, for every expense of reporting,
punting, and extia paper required for the evtia quai'tit> of
matter; and for any documents, hills, or other mait^i which
the Clerk may he dnected to have published in «<nd papers,
at a rate of charge of one dollar and fifty cents (or the quan-
tity of a document page. For which purpose the sairl pro-
prietors shall agree to publish, without additional (haige,
such extia papei^oi supplement? may boicquip-d fur the
prompt publication of said proceedings, debate.-, and docu-
ment-*; payment therefor to be made weekly, oat of the con-
tingent fund of the House.
The question on suspending the rules was deci-
ded by yeas and'nays: Yeas 105, nays 77. Two-
thirds not voting in the affirmative, the iules were
not suspended.
On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, the resolution
fixing the day of adjournment of Congiess was
taken up, and the amendment of the Senate fixing
the 14th day of August was concurred in.
On motion of Mr. MILLER,
Rcohed, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of revolting a bill
to par ceruiti volunteeis who have been in Hie semco of
the United States during the late war with Mexico all sums
ot nionej winch ha\ i been stopped from theirpay and allow-
ances under the piovisions of a "joint resolution directing
the pajment of ceuam volunteers and militia, under the
limitation-, theiem piescribed,"approved August S, 1846,
and other enactments supplementary theieto.
THE TAYLOR PLATFORM.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, moved a
suspension of the rules to enable him to offer the
following resolutions:
Unsolved, That " the power given by the Constitution to
the Executive to interpose his veto is a high conservative
power, which should never be exorci-ed cxeept in eases of
* Before the result was announced, Mr. f mi i n, of Ilhnoi-s,
asked leave to vote. On being a-ked if he was within the
bar when his name was called, he said he w as not. hut en-
tered the hall as the name following was called. He said
he desired to vote in the affirmative. Ilis vote was not
received.
