1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
clear violation of the Constitution, or manifest liable and
want of con-ideiation b}' Cr>n<fre .-0'
Rewired, Thar <• the [ im-on<tI opinions of the individual
who mav happen to occupy the Executive chair nujfht not to
control the actum of Congress upon questions ot domestic
policy, nor ought his obje.etiens to he interposed where ques-
tions of constitutional power have been setiled by the vari-
ous departments of Government, and acquiesced 111 by the
people.''
Resolved, That "upon the subjects of the tariff, the cur-
rency, the improvement of our ffreat highways, rivers, lakes,
and harbor-;, the will of the people, as expressed through
their repie-entative- in Congress, ought to be respected and
carried out by the Executive."
Resolved, That<k war, at ail tunes and under all circumstan-
ces, is? a national calamity, to be avoided if compatible with
national honor thatthe jmnciitles of our Government as
well a- its true polity, are opposed to The subjugation of other
nations and the dismemberment of other countries hy con-
quest; for, m the language of the great Washington, 'why
should we quit our own to stand ori foreign ground.' "
On the motion to suspend the rules, the yeas and
nays were taken, and resulted: Yeas 80, nays 98.
Two-thirds not voting m the affirmative, the rules
were not suspended.
THE MARINE CORPS.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, the rules hav-
ing been suspended for the purpose, introduced a
joint resolution to place the officers, musicians, and
privates of the marine corps who have served in
the late war with Mexico on land, on the same
footing with the officers, musicians, and privates
of the army of the United States in regard to bounty
land, extra pay, &c.
Mr. B. tiusted there was no necessity of com-
mitting this resolution at this late day, as there
was no member who did not understand it now as
well as he would at any future time. These men,
instead of being retained on board ship, had been
taken into the army under General Twiggs, and
were now returned with the army, and were
being discharged without pay. All that was in-
tended by the resolution was, to place those of the
marines who had served upon land with the army
on the same footing as the officers, musicians, and
privates of the aimy.
Mr. BOTTS moved an amendment to extend the
provisions of the bill passed here a few days since,
giving three months' extra pay to the officers,
musicians, and privates of the aimy to such of the
ordnance corps as had been m the service of the
United States in Mexico. He had received an
official communication from the Ordnance Depart-
ment calling attention specially to the hardships
under which these men labored. They had per-
formed the same service, and were now returning
under the same circumstances as the other soldiers
of the army in Mexico, and they asked that the
same extra pay, &c., be awarded to them.
(As connected with this subject, the SPEAKER
laid before the House the proceedings of a meeting
of volunteers just returned from Mexico, held m
Philadelphia on the 28th July, in relation to their
extra pay, and asking Congress to allow them full
pay instead of pay proper; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.)
Mr. BROWN moved the previous question, but
waived it at the request of
Mr. HARALSON, who, with no hostility to the
proposition, suggested that it be referred to some
committee, that the House might act with a perfect
understanding of the matter.
Mr. BR.OWN would have no objection if it was
early m the session, but he thought the reference,
and the consequent delay at this stage of the ses-
sion, would defeat the measure entirely. The rec-
ommr-'idAtion, too, of the Secretary of the Navy
to thi.- effect had long been before the Naval Com-
mittee, who could not, therefore, complain of being
taken by surprise. His resolution, with the amend-
ment su  rcsted by his friend from Virginia, would
place ^vM of the marine and ordnance corps as
had s<n\ed with the army on the same footing as
the oiiien*s, musicians, and privates of the army.
Mr. McLANE moved to amend the lesolution
by adding, " and also the artificers and laborers of
tHe oidn.mce coips serving in t*aid war."
Mr. BROWN moved the previous question.
Mr. BURT suggested to Mr. Brown- to modify
his resolution by striking out the words, " and
other remunerations. ^
Mr. BROWN declined to comply.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded; and, under its operation, Mr. McLaxe's
amendment was agreed to, and the joint resolution,
as amended, was engrossed, read a third time, and
passed.
! THE VOLTIGEUR REGIMENT-
Mr. TOMPKINS moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion:
; Reiolvcd, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire info the expediency of retaining m the
service of the United States the regiment of volrtgenrs and
foot riflemen, armed with howitzers and rocket batteries, and
that they report by bill or otherwi-e.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
i rules were not suspended.
Mr. McKAY, by general consent, introduced
the following concurrent resolution, which was
read and agreed to:
Resolved, 4 c., That a joint select committee of six (three
on the part of each Ilou-e) be appointed to inquire into the
expediency of deviling a ^y-tein of reporting the debates and
proceeding of Congress, in lieu of the one which now exists,
and that said committee report bv bill or otherwise.
THANKS TO THE NAV'T.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, by general
consent, introduced a joint resolution of thanks to ;
; the officers, sailors, and maiines of the United i
! States navy, for their efficient cooperation and ser-
vices in the late war with Mcxico. i
The resolution was read three times, passed, :
and sent to the Senate.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. |
Mr. SCHEXCK, from the Committee of Con- j
ference on the part of the House, presented the ;
following report: i
The Committee of Conference on the part of the House .
of Representatives on the disagreemgvotesofthetwo Houses
on the hill entitled "An act making appropriations fur the ,
naval «ervicc for the year ending the 30th Junp, 1849," re-
port that thev have met the conferees on the part of the '
Senate, and, after a full arid free conference, have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to the respective Houses as
follow® :
1. That the Senate do recede fiom their di^asrecment to
the amendment of the House to the Senate's fifth amendment,
and aeiee to the same.
2. That the TJonse do recede from their dfcajneement to
the Senate's «i\th amendment, ^trikmsr out the fifth section
of the bill, and that, m lieu thereof, the following shall he
inserted a-- a fifth section of the bill:
" Beit further enacted^ Thar hereafter the amountofmonev
commutation allowed by lawm heu of the f-piut ration,shall
be UK'ie,ivp(j to jour cents "
3. That the Hoine do recede from if disagreement to the
Senate'-: tenth amendment, ami agree to >aid amendment
with the tollowim-r words, which it is agieed «hall he added
to the end thereof:
" And in appomtin? from each State, hereafter, iN propor-
tion of officer? of that grade, the appointments shall be ap-
poitioned.a* nearlvas practicable, equally among the several
Couaie-stinnal di-trief? therein.*"
4. That the House do recede from its disagreement to the
twelfth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK made a brief explanation of
the report of the Committee of Conference, and
moved the previous question, which was second-
ed; and, under the operation thereof, the report
was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
on and after to-morrow, the daily hour of meeting
of the House shall be ten o'clock, a. m., until ■
otherwise ordered. Agreed to.
THE NEW TERRITORIES.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked leave to introduce ■
a joint resolution declaring it expedient nnd proper
I that Ooneress should without delay extend the
1 protection of civil £rovernment over the Temtories
; of Oregon, New Mexico, and California.
Objection being made—
i Mr. McC. moved a suspension of the rules, on
! which he asked the yeas and nays. He hoped his
! friends would imke it a test vote.
! Mr. STEPHENS inquired if it was in order to
I move to lay the: motion to suspend the rules on the
! table.
! The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
I The yeas and nays were then ordered on sus-
' pending the rules, and, hems: taken, resulted—
' Yeas 104, nays 69. Two-thirds not voting in the
! afiirmatue, the rules were not suspended.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. HUNT moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to offer a resolution making- the nvei and
harbor bill the special order for Thursday next.
Mr. H. said, if the motion did not prevail, he
would, on Thursday, move to go into committee
on the river and harbor bill.
The motion to suspend the rules did not prevail.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnioij
from Senate bill authorizing the payment of inter-
i est upon the advances made by the State of Ala-
bama, for the use of the United States Gov eminent
to
h in the suppression of the Creek Indian hostilities
11 of 1836 and 1837, in Alabama, and for other pur-
;i poses. Disagreed to.
J PENSIONS.
Mr. EVANS,_ of Ohio, moved to suspend the
,| rules to enable him to introduce the following joint
:j resolution:
{ Resolved^ <$'*•., Tliat the Commissioner of Pensions be, and
he hereby, instructed and required to deliver to the per-
, son or persons entitled to receive the same, on application,
and on affidavit of the identity of the applicant or applicants.,
and hi>. her, or their right to icceive the same, the books
and family recoids which have been departed with him as
.; evidence of marriage or other fact or facts, in the prosecu-
tfon of applications for pen-ions, in all cases where the
claim for a pen-ion hfv« hfen e-ubln-hed and allowed: and
" in ail oa-e> where the application ha- been rejected or with-
drawn, the Cormms-roner shall cause a copy of the entry or
entnes offered m evidence to be preserved in the Pensior*
; OfFicc, and shall deliver the hook or family lecord m the
' same manner as in cases where the claim "has, been estab-
h-hed.
i- Resolved, That such appTications and books and family
; record? shall be permitted to pa=s through the mail free of
postage; and that such applications shall Be received, copies
made, and books and records delivered or transmitted
through the post office without charge or cost to the appli-
cant
The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved. That House bill Tvo. 575, entitled "A bill fur-
ther to amend an act to reduce the rates of postage, to limit
and correct the abuse of the franking privilege, and for the
prevention of frauds on the revermes"of the Post Office De-
partment," and Senate hill No. ITT, entitled •'< An act to de-
clare the true intent and meaning, so far as respect* the
franking privilege of members of Con^re^s,7' approved the
first of .March, 1847, and entitled " An act to amend the act
entitled 'An art to reduce the rates of postage, to limit the-
use and correct the abuse ot the franking privilege, and for
the prevention of frauds on the jPo>-t Ofhce Department*
parted 3d March. JS-25. and for other purpose?,*' be made
the order of the day for Friday next, and for each day there-
after til! the same sdiali foe finally passed or otherwise dis-
posed of.
The motion to suspend the rules was not agreed
to.
A motion to adjourn was here made and rejected.
ARMY OF THE UNITED STATES.
On motion of Mr. BURT,
Revived, That the Secretary of War cause to be piepared
and laid before Congre&s-, bv the stcond Morday in Decem-
ber next, the joflowmc information relative to the military
forces employed in the late war with Mexico:
Fast. The strength of the regular arm), and the force on
the Irontier- under'the command of Gei.fral T*\lor at the
commencement of the late war with the Mexican Republic,
in April, 1M6; the reinforcements, including recruits ; the
number of lecrtnts enl^ted, and the casualties in the iesu-
lar service, from the commencement to the close of the
war: and also tne actual -tremrth of the regular army and
volunteer force at the close of the u ar.
Seco?id. A statement of ail the volunteer forces mustered
into the service of the United Ptates, showing the States,
tenri« of service, date and place of mu-"ter, and strength of
each regiment, battalion, or com pan} when mustered into
service ; and the date and place ol muster, and strength of
each when mustered out ol serv.ee ; the number of volun-
teer leeriut* received into sen see aitei the mu.-ter of the
legiment.-, &c.; and the ca-u,dries in the volunteer scivice
fiom the commencement to the e:u-e of the war.
LAND PATENTS.
Mr. TAYLOR., from the Committee on the
Judiciary, and as instructed by that committees,
asked the unanimous consent of the House to offer
the following resolution :
Resolved. That the Secrctan ot the Treasuiy'be directed
to report t<> this IJou«e, at tht- commencement ot the ne\t
se>sion of Oonffrc^, anv mformat'on he may pos-e-t* ?n rela-
tion to a tract ot land situated on the noith suie ol the road
between Pia rie du Roeiiei and Ku>ka-ku. in the State of
Illinois; and any lnlornniti.-n he can communicate m rela-
tion to the patent ror < ml ti.iet of land issued bv General
Arthur St. Clair, whilst ncm>2 a* Governoi of the Vorth-
we-tern Teuitoiv, on the 1:2th oav of August, A D .MJO. to
John K'isar and John Muiray St. Clan, m the Ka>ka>kia
land dMnet. nmoununir, a* v\ a* criminally suppo-^d. to
j3,9n) aetes of land ; wiifther an\ patent nvre i-sucd by
s-aid Ai thur St. CSair subsequent to the 4th day or Juh , j^OU,
which wtie acknowledged to be valid; .md wheihet the
act- ot -=aid Aithnr St Clan. G,<\ ernor a- a'or^fnd. since
the 4th Jul,, ltfuQ. were ackmm ledged a- v\ihd : and up to
w hat peuod he continued to perfouri the duties and ex^n i*e
tb.' power-* of Govt rnor its ntoie.-aid. And that he be and
1-v heu by lequested to comtnumeute to thi- {louse, at die
commencement of the nr\t <£s-ion. all the information m
In? posst smoii in relation to the "i.mt of hmd nnul" bv Luii-
tenant (>oh>nei John \Vdkoi~, on t'"o 1-Jth \pril, A D. 1TC9,
is GoverinT nnd Commandant ■ d the Ilhno.s Country, under
the authority or the Knti?h Cmwii, m Hoynton. \Vnartun,
& MurgJui, and v\ Inch is now a!!- ired to b« \e.-ted m .-ani
John I1d«r:u and John Murray S? f hur, and their ; s«iffnees :
and such other matters a- h" mav<!et m material to be com-
municated m relation to the .-aid 'jiaut.
Which was received and adopted without ob-
jection.
