1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
in favor of their institution carry them so far as to
say that it had? It had never been attempted be-
fore. To do what was now asked would be vir-
tually to establish slavery in all the States as well
as all the Territories of the Union. He would
ask his friend from Illinois [Mr. McClernand]
whether he was willing to stand up in his own
Legislature and vote that one-half of the State of
Illinois should be given up to the presence of sla-
very ? He knew he would not; yet he was for
establishing it up to a certain line in the Territories
of the Pacific.
Mr. MeCLERNAND said the gentleman from
Indiana misrepresented him. All he proposed was,
that the States south of 36° 30' should determine
the question of slavery for themselves. He said
nothing in his amendment which he had proposed
about slavery in the Territories.
Mr. SMITH said, he had then misunderstood
the terms of the gentleman's amendment. As to
the States being allowed to decide the question of
slavery for themselves, they could not be prevented
from doing that; it was their right. Congress
could not prohibit slavery within any State. For
Congress to declare as the gentleman from Illinois
proposed, would be supererogatory legislation.
When the people of a State made their own con-
stitution, they could do on that subject just what
they pleased. But Mr. S. would ask, whether
any man representing a free State would ever be
willing to establish slavery where it was not?
But~it was insisted, that to prohibit slavery in a i
Territory which had been acquired by the common i
treasure and blood of all the States, was doing ;
gross injustice to the slaveholding States. Was ;
there anything unjustin this? Congress was now j
to shape the constitution of a Territory. Was !
there any injustice in saying that they should be j
free? Suppose Congress should say that slavery ,
should be established there: would that not equally ,
exclude settlers from the North ?
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, was under- '
stood to say, it would not; for northern people j
constantly came into the slave States.
Mr. SMITH. Would they not be excluded by
the establishment of an institution which was i
against northern feelingsand northern interests? i
Mr. HOLMES said, that Yankees would go |
anywhere. They came down into Charleston. '
Why would they not go into Territories where !
they found slavery? i
Mr. SMITH said that everybody knew, that :
in selecting a region wherein to settle for life, men j
were always greatly influenced by a knowledge of |
the laws and customs that prevailed there, and j
this was especially true of slavery and slave laws. ,
If, indeed, Congress was passive on the subject, j
that would be another affair; but in that case sla- I
very would not exist m the Territories, because it j
did not exist there now, and was prohibited by |
law. But gentlemen were not satisfied with this; j
they wanted Congress to establish it there. It was
contended that a southern man had a right to go :
into those Territories with all his property. Well,
if he had a right, therefore, to carry his slave there, ;
then, by the same reasoning, he had a right to come ;
with his slaves into Indiana; for the Constitution ;
gave him equal rights with the people of all the
States into which he went. A citizen of Pennsyl- |
vania had a right to go there with his property,
and could not a citizen of South Carolina go with
Ins? Had Indiana a light to exclude a citizen of
New York from coming there with his cows and
oxen ?
Mr. HOLMES said, Yes, she had.
Mr. SMITH said, a State had no right to pre-
vent the citizen of another State from coming there
and bringing his property with him. But the
whole error lay in maintaining that slaves were
property. He admitted that people of all the
States were permitted to come with that which
Was recognized as property by the Constitution,
by the laws of nature, and by the laws of God;
they might bring their horse.?, and their cattle,
and their goods; but this did not prove they
had a right to come there with slaves. A man's
horse was his property, and he had a right to
come there with his horse; and he had a right,
too, to kill his horse, if he pleased; he might
shoot him through the head upon the highway;
because a horse was recognized as property by the
laws of all civilized nations. But he could not
kill his slave; he could not beat out his brains or
shoot him down on the highway. Why? Be-
cause he was not property. There existed, in-
deed, a peculiar relation between master and slave,
but that relation was created wholly by positive
statute. Let him suppose a case. Gentlemen
said a man had a right to go into the Territories
with his slaves, because in the slave States these
were regarded as property, so recognized by law.
Now, suppose the laws of South Carolina recog-
nized the right of a man to marry two wives, or
many wfves, at the same time; suppose bigamy
or polygamy to be permitted by the laws of South
Carolina, would it be maintained that a man might
go into the Territories and live there with half a
1 dozen wives at once? He would have no more
; right to do this than to go there and hold his slaves,
j Both institutions existed only by positive municipal j
! law; and municipal regulations extended nofurther j
i than the jurisdiction did which established them. |
' It was perfectly clear to Mr. S. that Congress ;
[ had power to exclude slavery from a Territory,
i and he was free to exercise that power, because
i even every southern mind recognized and admit-
ted it to be an evil.
Mr. HOLMES. I do not admit it to be an evil.
I hold it to be the greatest blessing that God ever
conferred upon man.
Mr.-McC. was as much opposed to the exist-
ence of slavery as any one; but he would not dis-
turb the compromises of the Constitution to carry
out any individual or abstract opinion upon the
subject. He would be glad to see slavery prohib-
ited everywhere, with the consent of those inter-
ested in the institution; but only proposed to waive
the exercise of the power to exclude it in the ter-
ritory of New Mexico and California, and to leave
the question of its existence or non-existence in
that territory, to secure the great and vital objects
already mentioned—the peace and harmony of the
country, the perpetuity of our institutions, and the
preservation of the people inhabiting that territory,
and the territory itself.
The substitute prohibited slavery forever in the
territory of the United States north of 36° 30'; and
if such prohibition should he effectual to prohibit
it in the States to be formed out of that territory,
then it would be prohibited forever in such States
as well as in the Territory. The substitute left it
to the States to be formed out of the territory south
of that line, to establish or prohibit slavery at their
pleasure; and who would deny to the States the
right and power to determine this question for
themselves? The substitute was silent in regard
Mr. SMITH said, he was contented with the [' to the institution of slavery in the territory south
decision on that subject of such southern minds as Is of 36° 30'. And who should say that this silence
those of Washington, and Jefferson, and Mason,
j and a host more, who all had admitted it in the
1 most explicit manner to be an evil. But Mr. S.
| never should have referred to this had not gen-
tlemen contended for the right to go into free ter-
ritory with their slaves.
Mr. S. having closed his remarks—
The question was stated on striking out the first
section of the bill, viz :
That, from and after the passage of this act, ai! that pnrt
of the territoiy of the United States winch lies west of the
summit of the Rocky Mountain:., known a-- the Territory of
Oiegon, .shall he organized into and constitute a tempoiary
Government by the name of the Temt"r> of Oregon : P)0-
rided, That nothing m this act <
to imp.lii the rights of person or property now pertaining to
, the Indians in said Teiritoryso long as such rights s>hall
. remain unextinguished by treaty between the United States
and such Indians, or to affect the authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States to make any regulation respect-
ing sueh Indian-*, their land?, property, or other right?, by
treaty, law, or otherwise, which it would have been com-
petent to the Government to make if this act had never
pas-ed : JliiA provided farther, That nothing jji tins act con-
tained shall he construed to inhibit the Government of the
United States from dividing said Territory into two oi more
Territories, in such manner and at such Utne^ as Congress
shall deem convenient and proper, or from attaching any
portion of said Territoiy to any other State or Territory of
the United States."
Mr. MeCLERNAND, upon a pro forma amend-
ment, made a five minutes speech, urging the ne-
cessity of setting up all the proposed Territorial
Governments, and supporting the principle of the
Texas compromise.
Mr. McC. said he had offered his substitute for
the purpose of obviating the grave and threatening
difficulties which surrounded this question. He
had offered it to secure the great object of pre-
serving our extensive and valuable Territories,
and of extending the protection of civil govern-
merit over the people inhabiting those Territories, jj to each
What was their situation? We were informed by i' **
messengers from Oregon that strife and war al- j
ready existed between the Indians and the whites j
—that the tomahawk of the savage was drinking !
the blood of our brothers—and that the butcher
was too great a price to pay for the preservation qf
fraternal feeling and the Union itself, or that the
government of the people of that Territory should
not be left free to act upon the subject according to
the interests, wishes, and necessities of the people
inhabiting the Territory—or not to act? If it should
be objected to by southern gentlemen that the
omission of the substitute to authorize the exist-
ence of slavery in the territory south of 36° 30' was
in effect its prohibition, inasmuch as its exist-
ence was already prohibited by the laws in force
there; then it might be answered, they should not
have insisted upon the principle of theTexas com-
Vru v I-1 ii i ii I'll L uie name <->■ tin- k-iuvij v I i • * V 1 U'v" 1
ruled, That not'iina; m t!ii- act contained shall lie constiued Ji promise, for that compromise did not prohibit sla-
  1 very in the territory of Texas north of 36° 30',
where it existed by law according to ihe territorial
claim of Texas, but only in the Stales to be formed
out of that territory. And could Congress say that
slavery should or should not exist in a State ? In
turn, now, it becomes the South to agree to the
principle of the Texas compromise, when it may
operate in favor of the North. To refuse to do so,
would be inconsistent; to refuse to do so, would
be to claim what they are unwilling to give. Mr.
McC. had heard the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Kaufman] say that Texas would carry out the
spirit of the Texas compromise in good faith,
and that slavery would not be found to exist in the
States to be formed out of the Texan territory
north of 30° 30'; and Mr. McC. hoped such would
be the fact.
Mr. McC. having concluded his remarks, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved a
proviso to the first section, to confirm titles ofland
at the missionary stations in the Territory of Ore-
cron to the missionaries, not exceeding 640 acres
Mr. R. said it was well known that there were
in Oregon a few missionary stations, and that
some small improvements had been made, and
some buildings erected around them. They were
not extensive; but, to guard against abuse, he
would insert a limitation. He presumed no one
knife was rankling in the bosoms of defenceless ! would insert a limitation, tie presumeu no one
women and children. Oh ! could it be possible that j would object that these improvements of the ms-
we would leave our friends, relatives, and fellow-
! citizens in this situation ? Humanity, duty, mag-
nanimity forbade if.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith] had
; assailed the substitute; but there appeared to be
but one point of difference between that gentleman
and Mr. McC. That gentleman admitted that the
substitute prohibited slavery forever in the Terri-
. tories of the United States north of 36° 30'; that it
left to the States to be formed out of the terntory
sionaries, and a little land around them, should be
confirmed to them. He would restrict the amend-
ment by inserting " not exceeding one section of
land to each."
Pending this amendment, the committee rose,
and the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Movdat, July 31, 1848.
.— — —   * r A message was received from the Picsident of
south of that line, to establish or prohibit slavery r , „ •tp(i<|3tates enclosing a report from the Sec-
. > • . J  : „..u r..-     & l! i uu- <j njicu ® i'.! ..
as they might determine each for itself. AH thi3 i; retarvof State, in reply toa resolution of the Senate,
was true; but the gentleman went further, and in- !i / . . .Y rumors nf the shin
sisted that slavery should be prohibited in the Ter- j
ritories of the United States south of 36° 30'. Here I
Mr. McC. proposed to leave this [question to thej
determination of the existing laws in those Terri-
tories, or to the government to be constituted for
1 them, or to the constitutions, wherever it should
| properly rest, for determination; and in this only
;! was their disagreement.
m relation to the claim of the owners of the ship
Miles, of Warren, Rhode Island, upon the Gov-
ernment of Portugal, for payment for a cargo of
oil taken by the officers, and applied to the uses
of said Government; which was ordered to be
printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. PlX presented a petition from the Jackson
