1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jul j 31,
Monument Association, asking that a portion of i1 at the bare mention of our name! Yet, here we
the cannon taken by General Jackson m his cam- j[ are, in relation to a question which should excite
paigns may be placed at their disposal for a statue |j no feeling, which involves no interest upon one
to his memory; which was referred to the Com- , 3ide, and only serves to assail an interest upon the
inittee on Military Affairs. j other, sending forth to the world a picture that
Mr. D. also presented a petition from a religious ! borders upon the horrors of that which has recently
community styled the "Tree Inspiration,"of Eric }< startled men in France. Gentlemen talk of dis-
county, New York, asking the enactment of a law '1
for the suppression of infidelity; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER presented resolutions of the
Legislatuie of Wisconsin, laudatory of the present
Administration; which were read, laid on the table,
and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. W. also presented a petition from citizens
Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a mail
of
route from Winnebago to Green Bay; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
citizens of New York, asking a reduction of post-
age to one cent on newspapers and two cents on
letters, to be prepaid; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. BENTON offered a bill providing a govern-
ment for the Territories of Oregon, New Mexico,
and California, which, he was understood to say, |j of disunion at this hour, when, from the central
was copied from the act of 1804, relating to Lou- i. heaven, beams all over Christendom the star of
isiana, in effect that the people should be governed j; our Republic—not the less brilliant, because, like
according to the existing law, until others were j the fire-fly, its light is mellow and mild—when our
made. He desired that it might be printed, and \\ principles are scattered broadcast throughout the
laid on the table; and, if nothing better be offered j; European world—when the German Parliament
I union as coolly as we talk about our ordinary ap-
' propriation bills! Disunion! It is moral treason
to breathe the word! Disunion! As Was well
said the other day by the venerable Senator from
Kentucky, whose whole life has been one con-
tinued career of patriotism, how can you dis-
member us, when Kentucky stretches her arms
across the Ohio, to Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois?
You can never dismember us! We will hold the
Union together with hooks of steel. We cannot
separate! Yet, we may go and familiarize the
public mind with the thought of disunion and civil
war, until you do indeed light up the torch of the
incendiary. It has become already " familiar as a
household word," All this may go on, till at last ;
we behold the gleaming sword of brother arrayed ■'
against brother, and our streams and rivers run- ,
mng red with blood; but you can never, on this or |
any other question, dismember the Union! 1
I have said, sir, that I hold it moral treason to |
talk of disunion or civil war here! What! talk I
in the mean time by anybody else, he should call
it up for consideration.
Mr. HANNEGAN said: On Saturday last, Mr.
President, I gave notice to the Senate that I would
to-day introduce a bill providing for the organiza-
tion of Territorial Governments in Oregon, Cali-
fornia, and New Mexico. In connection with
some of my friends, I have given to this subject
all the attention in my power, under a feeling of
the deepest anxiety, and I have become satisfied,
that after the ordeal through which the question i'
has already passed—after the searching mvesuga-  ,
tion to which it was subjected by the select com-
inittee appointed by the Senate—a committee so ,
remarkable, so preeminent, I might well say, for i
intellect, for wisdom, and for patriotism—it is in :
vain for any individual to attempt its adjustment, j'
I believe that when the proposition which emana- !'
ted from that committee, repiesenting every section i
of the Union, and representing the two gieat par- !
ties of the country, has failed, there is no hope Ij
left to us of a final adjustment of the question at j
this time. 1 regret it deeply. From various quar- '
ters of the country, appeals to me have been made, i'
with various motives; and it has been urged upon :
me that it is most expedient to leave this question ;;
open, because that course would promote the pros- |;
pects of the election of a favorite candidate for the ;;
Presidency—my favorite, sir. But I am incapable j,'
of reguidmg this subject in that aspect. Perish 1
the prospects of any living man, be he whom he
may, and nunc own nist, sooner than leave open,
from such considerations as those, a question so;
momentous, so agitating and exciting! No. sir; :
I cannot look at the subject in that Tight. I can
look at it only with a view to the best interests of .
my country. I believe the question should be set- j,
tied, and settled promptly too. >
I think, sir, that the events of the present day /
are full of admonition to us, and I fear that the',
admonition is not sufficiently heeded. When j
Christendom looks at the debates which have
taken place here, and at the other end of the Cap-
itol, they will believe us to be on the verge of dis-
union and civil war. At the very same moment
that we are standing out before Europe as the
bnscht exemplar, illuminating and aiousing man-
kind to a consciousness of the value of rational
and le^ulated liberty, we picsent this humiliating ,j
spectacle of internal dissension! Why, sir, it :J
was but the other dav, as I have been informed j|
through the eoirespondence of one of our diplo- ||
matic agents, ili-U jn the g> eat German Parliament, 'I
assembled for tiie purpose of uniting m one great ■!
confederacy the Get manic States, on an allusion ; '
bem^ made to the United States of America, that
au^u-'t assemblage, fomposed of men cold and 1
phlegmatic as yon have been ever taught to regard
them, rose simultaneously in token of respect,
and burst forth into loud and longprotractcd shouts, u
offers its enthusiastic homage at the mere mention |
of our country's name! Is it at such a period that i
we send words of excitement and discord abroad, |
to make those who are struggling to imitate our
example, doubt the capacity of man for self-gov- j,
eminent!
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a peti- j;
tion from John Crawford, asking permission to ;
make a location in1 lieu of forfeited land; which ■
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made an adverse report on the ■
petition of Joseph Hare.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public '
Lands, reported a bill for ascertaining claims and
titles to lands within the Territory of California
and New Mexico, to grant donation rights, and to j
provide for the survey of lands therein; which was
read a first time, and referred to the Committee on :
Public Lands. '
Mr. BREESE also, from the same committee, !
reported House bill to grant land to the inhabit-
ants of township eighteen north, of ranges one and .
two west, of the fourth principal meridian of the ,
State of Illinois, without amendment. i
Mr. BREESE also, from the same committee,
reported House bill to grant land in lieu of the six-
teenth section to the commissioners of township
two noith, of range nine west', of the fourth prin-
cipal meridian, in the county of Adams, Illinois,
without amendment.
Mr. BREESE also, from the same committee,
reported House bill to grant the trustees of town-
ship eight north, of range five east, in the county
of Elkhart, in the State of Indiana, so much
public land as may, with the fractional sixteenth
sections therein, make up the entire section, with-
out amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee of
Claims, reported House bill for the relief of
Charles R. Allen, without amendment.
Mr. MASON, from the selcet committee on the
subject of the Hartford Argilla Manufacturing
Company, made a report, accompanied by a cer-
tificate of certain scientific examiners, and recom-
mending the adoption of argilla, instead of marble,
in the future construction of the public buildings.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee of Con-
ference, to whom was referred the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the naval appropriation bill,
made a report.
*" Mr. ATHERTON having moved that the Senate
concur in the report—
Mr. BUTLER took exception to one of the
items,in which the reportndoptsthe amendment of
the House, in the clause relating to the steamers
touching at the port of Charleston, by the mser-
, tion of the words 45 if practicable," which he con-
i tended was tantamount to an exclusion of these
j steamers from that port, as they would never enter
j the harbor of Charleston, so long as it was left to
j the discretion of the owners to decide whether they
, should do so or not.
| Mr. CALHOUN took the same view, and stated
- that a sort of understanding had been entered into
, by him with the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Rer-
j R1EN,] that ifhe(Mr. C.) would support the clause
requiring the steamers to touch at Savannah, and
would not oppose the advance of money to the
contractors, the same provision which relates to
. Savannah should be introduced with reference to
Charleston. The contractors had called on him,
and informed him that they had constiucted the
■ vessels expiessly with a view to enter the harbor
of Charleston, drawing not more than 15 feet water,
which is the depth on the bar at low water.
1 Mr. ATHERTON stated that the objectionable
words were in the contract itself, and that the ob-
: vious meaning was, that if not prevented by stress
of weather or accident, the steamers were to touch
at the port of Charleston.
After a few words from Mr. DICKINSON, Mr.
YULEE, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. BOR-
LAND, Mr. BRIGHT, and Mr. MILLER, the
question was taken on concurring in the report of
the Committee of Conference, the yeas and nays
being ordered, and was decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Badger, Bradbury,
Breeze, Bright, Clarke, C')a\ ton. Oorwin, Davis of Massa-
chusetts Dauon, Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fitz-
gerald, Foote, Ilamlin, Houston, Miller, Niles, Phelp-, Se-
bastian, Spruanee, iStuigeon. Upham. and Walker—27.
NAYS—Me«sis. Atchi>on, Baldwin, Bell. Borland, But-
ler, Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi. Dix, Dodze, Hunter,
Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis,
Mason, Metcalfe, Turnev, and Yulee—18.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending on the 30th
of June,1843.
The first question under consideration was the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, striking
out the proviso limiting the mileage of members
to §1,000 for each session.
Mr. MASON asked for the yeas and nays, and
they were oidered.
Mr. ATHERTON explained that the committee
had no intention, in reporting this amendment, to
give any opinion on the principle it involved. But
they thought a provision of this character would be
more in place in a separate bill, and one which re-
lated to the compensation of members generally.
Mr. BADGER said he shouldvotefortheamend-
ment. Reductions m the compensation of mem-
bers had been frequently proposed; but they never
had been, and he hoped never would be, adopted.
He regarded it as objectionable on the scoie of
justice, generosity, and policy. Many members
coming from a great distance are completely exclu-
ded from the privilege enjoyed by those nearer home
of sometimes vistmg their families and attending
to their business: and although the additional mile-
age was but a poor compensation for such priva-
tions, it was all that could be given. It always
had been allowed, and why was it to be stopped
now? Why should he who comes just such a
distance as to entitle him to that amount receive
$999, while he who comes a thousand miles further
should receive only one dollar moier Another
reason was. that this mileage operates in favor of
keeping the seat of government where it is. He
had no objection to any gentleman trying; to make
a little popuUiuty out of a motion to leduce the
compensation, but he trusted it would never be
agreed to.
Mr. DAYTON followed on the s<imc side,
Mr. MASON buefiy stated his reasons for op-
posing the amendment. He thought the amount
of mileage wag, in some coses, an abuse which
required to be regulated by law.
Mr. UNDERWOOD also sustained the limita-
tion, stating that he had been applied to by the
Secietary of the Treasury for his construction of
the act in relation to the nearest mail route, and
that he had given such a construction to it, in his
own case, as gave him only about half the mileage
given to others who were at no greater distance
from the seat of government. The mileage and
pay had not been sufficient to cover his expendi-
