1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 1,
Mr. McLane's amendment was ruled out of
order.
Mr. GREEN made a pro forma motion to amend,
and then went on to observe, that he considered
this as a question which ought not to be decided
on party grounds. It was proposed in the bill to
clothe linn with the veto power. Before gentlemen
struck out this feature of the bill, they would do
well to remember that the Governor, being appoint-
ed by the President, would be the only represent-
ative of this Government in that Territory m rela-
tion to its legislation; if Congress had any right or
jurisdiction over the Territory, its representative,
the Governor, ought to have some power of passing
on the laws passed by the Territorial Legislature.
Mr. VAN DYKE insisted, that all had been out
of order bur the motion to strike out made by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Boydon.]
And thereupon there arose a protracted discus-
sion about points of order, in which Messrs.
ASHMUN, ROOT, VAN DYKE, and others,
took part.
It resulted m a decision of the CHAIR, that the
proceedings since Mr. Boydon's motion had been
m order.
From this decision Mr. ROOT took an appeal,
and the decision was reveised.
So the House went back to Mr. Boydox's mo-
tion to strike out; and the question being put, it
was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, now renewed his mo-
tion to strike out the absolute veto and insert a
qualified one, as above stated.
Mr. GREEN moved to amend it so as to require,
that after the Governor had returned a bill with his
objections, it should not become a law unless a
ma jority of both branches of the Legislature should
agree to pass it.
Mr. G. said he was not one of those who took
alarm at the veto power. It was admitted by the
Whigs themselves to be a high conservative power;
yet they—the friends of conservatism and the op-
posers of all progressive Democracy—now sought
to strike it out of existence! Here was a contra-
diction he did not understand. Was it not a con-
servative power merely; Could the veto enable
the Governor to pass any law ? Not at all. It was
only a negative power at best. It only suspended
a law till the Legislature had had time more ma-
turely to consider it. It was a power to be exer-
cised for the benefit of the people. Mr. G. believed
that the woild was governed too much; there ought
to be some conservative power to stay the action
of a turbulent legislative body. They were, to be
sure, m theory the mouthpiece of the people, yet
everybody knew that it might often happen that
they did not correctly represent them; and there
ought to be something in the shape of a qualified
veto to protect the people fiom lash and inconsid-
erate legislation. In fact, Congress had given them
a virtual veto by the appointment of two branches
to the legislative body. Oregon was to have a
Legislative Chamber and a Council—the Council
had, m fact, a veto on the Chamber. The mere
Representatives were not to have the power of final ■
action, but the Council had a stay upon their action.
Mr. G. thought it would be sufficient to allow the
Governor to return a law, and let his objections to
it be spread at large upon the journal; and then if
a clear majority of both branches still insisted on
its passage, let it become a law.
Mr. SMITH accepted this as a modification of
his amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, moved an amendment
to the amendment to strike out all that portion of
the amendment which invests the Governor of the
Territory with the veto power.
His object, he said, was to deprive the Governor
of Oregon of all veto power whatever. This prop-
osition to confer the veto power upon the Governor
ofOii'son involved an important principle, which
was agitating the people of this country at this
time probably as much as any other; and which,
in his humble judgment, was far above any other; ,
for, in the history of the last fit teen or twenty
years, the exercise of the veto power had almost
swallowed up and destroyed the legislative power ,
nf the country- So far from extending it to any i
suhotdinate agent whatever, he wished to deprive
any Governor of a Territory ot it. It was his
humble opinion, and he believed it was the opinion i
of a vast majority of the people of this country, !
that if the, framers of the Constitution could have i
anticipated the terrible difficulties which had been ,
brought about by the exercise of the veto power '
i j during the last fitteen or twenty years—a conserv- :
: ative power, as it had sometimes been called, but
an odious and tyrannical power, as it had now
, i come to be—they never would have inserted it in
that instrument. Its exercise during the period of
1 which he had spoken, he believed it was generally
, admitted by gentlemen of all political parties, had
;; proved conclusively that the exercise of this power
was directed by the political prejudices and feel-
,! ings of the President, and not with a just regard
:! to the interests of the people of the United States.
; He would never extend it to any subordinate offi-
1; cer: he would leave no means by which the wishes
:i of the Legislature could be defeated. He would
11 prohibit the Governor in direct teims from the use
I of this power, if necessary, or he wouid strike out
, all that part of the amendment which conferred it.
Why? For the best reason in the world. The
i experience of the country had shown it to be un-
: necessary. Look at the States where the Govern-
ors had no such power; m Virginia, in Delaware,
Maryland, and Ohio, a State which had become
m the miracle of the world almost, for her growth,
i prosperity, population, and glory, and where the
\> Governor has no such power.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
>\ Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved an
; amendment to the amendment, to require a vote of
, two-thirds instead of a majority of each House,
'' to pass bills into laws after the veto of the Gov- -
1 ernor.
; The vote of two-thirds was required in the
.. States, and he did not wish to see a departure in
, this case from the established principle. If a bill
| could be passed after the veto by the same majority >
;■ that passed it originally, the veto power became
|! of no effect, and he would rather see it stricken out 1
I entirely.
;! Mr. COLLAMER said the gentleman was in
i' error. In a number of the States, a majority of
j; both houses ot the Legislature did pass bills over
-; the veto of the Governor.
' Mr. THOMPSON replied, if that was the case 1
even among the States, he would not give a fig for
the veto poaer. it should require a vote of two-
, thirds to pass laws after the veto, or the veto power
1 should be sincken out altogether.
t Mr. ROOT desired to ask the gentleman from
■ Mississippi one question. Did he think that the 1
, veto power reserved to Congress was insufficient
' to control the territorial legislation?
Mr. THOMPSON'S reply was not heard. His
■ five minutes having expired, his amendment was
iejected.
Mr. SCHENCK, on a pro forma amendment,
. intimated ins intention to vote against the amend-
, merit of Mr. Smiih, and his objections to confer-
ring the qualified veto power upon the Territorial
: Governor. That officer possessed no such power
;. m Ohio. ;
ii Mr. GREEN inquired what was the public debt '
i! of Ohio?
; Mr. SCHENCK stated the amount, and said
' she paid her interest punctually.
Mr. GREEN was understood to say the taxes
: imposed upon her citizens were three times those
! in Missouri.'
Mr. SCHENCK assured the gentleman that
j they paid them punctually, too; and they had
1 more public works to show for their State debt '
. than several of the other States taken together,
j He was opposed to the veto power, as exercised
, by the President and Governors of Slates, but still
. less was he willing to trust a Governor of a Terri-
: tory, some two or three thousand miles otf, who
! was not elected by the people, but was appointed
'1 by the President, with this power. It was not con-
■ tamed in the constitution of the State of Ohio,
which was one of the oldest State constitutions,
having been adopted in 1&U2, and thus been in
; existence, and without alteration, for foity-six
! years, while other States had been amending and
changing their constitutions every few years.
! Mr. WENTWORTH suggested that gentlemen
should be required to confine themselves directly
1 to the amendments; otherwise they would have a
: political debate which would c-mtnvue for days.
1 The CHAIRMAN acknowledged the favor of
the suggestion, and would endeavor to profit by it.
The amendment of Mr. Smith was rejected.
Mr. BiRDSALL moved an amendment to pro-
; vide that the Governor should be elected by the ,
qualified electors of the Territory at the first elec- !i
tion held m such Territory, and in a word or two
advocated the proposition, as designed to carry
out the principles of self-government.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved to amend
the amendment to reduce the term of the Governor
from four years to tme year, and was proceeding
to offer some remarks, when he was called to order
by Mr. ROOT, and resumed his seat, with the re-
mark that, m his opinion, if the Governor were
elected, it should be for one year, in order to se-
cure the more direct and certain execution of the
will of the people by their elected agents. He
withdrew the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK read the section 2d, article 2 of
the Constitution, which confers upon the President
the power of appointment of " all other officers of
the United States" whose appointments are not
1 therein provided for, and which shall be estab-
lished bylaw, and raised the point of order that
the Governor of the Territory, being an oificer of
the United States, the amendment providing for
his election by the people was unconstitutional.
The CHAIRMAN said he could not undertake
to decide constitutional questions for the committee.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired of Mr. Schenck
if the members of the Territorial Legislature were
not equally officers of the United States as the
Governors ?
Mr. SCHENCK replied, No; he supposed not.
Mr. COBB could see no difference between them
in this respect.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting a provision declaring that the
second section second article of the Constitution of
the United States be and is hereby repealed. [A
laugh.]
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
The amendment of Mr. Birdsall was rejected.
Mr. MULLIN moved to strike out the words
" Governor and" in that part of the 4th section
which provides that the legislative power and au-
thority should be vested in the Governor and a Le-
gislative Assembly. Agreed to.
After some conversation between Mr. EVAN'S
of Maryland, Mr. ROOT, and Mr. HALL of
New York, the section was amended so as to pro-
vide for thirty days' notice of the time and place
of holding the elections.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved to amend that portion
of the section which provides that the term of ser-
vice of the Legislative Council shall continue for
two years, so as to make it three years. By this
modification, one-third of the Legislative Council
might be renewed every year. Agreed to,
Mr. HALL moved to amend so as to provide
that the Legislature shall be required to meet with-
in ninety days from the time of the election.
Agreed to.
Mr. MULLIN moved to strike out the follow-
ing proviso : " Provided, That no session in any
one year shall exceed the term of sixty days."
He thought it was an imputation on the members
of the Legislature that they would protract the
session for the sake of the pay they might re-
cen e.
Mr. ROOT moved to strike out sixty, and in-
sert ninety. He said the inducement which caused
them (members of Congress) to make their ses-
sions so bhort would not operate on the membeis
of the Teiritonal Legislature, for they were not
accountable to constituencies. Their pay would
come out of the treasury of the United States,
and the people of that Terntory would not feel
the burden at all. The gentleman from New 1 ork
was governed by considerations which did him
great honor, for he was unwilling to assent to any-
thing which would seem to make any imputation
on the memoers of the Territorial Legislature; but
while he ^Mr. R.) wasasunv, illing to do that as the
gentleman from New York could be, he could not
shut his eyes to the experience which they had
heretofore had. Any gentleman who would look
at the amounts which this Government had to pay
for some of our Territorial Legislatures, would see
that it was necessary and proper to make some
reasonable restriction. They might in this new
Territory, pet haps, require some little more time
to set the machinery agoing, and, if they could
not succeed in sixty days, he hoped they would
have ninety, m which time he hoped they would be
able to do all that it was necessary for them to do.
But, if the time were unlimited, depend upon it,
they would fall into the statesman-like course
