1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
which was pursued in Congress, and they should
have coming back from Oregon long discussions
on questions which had been exhausted here. He
wished them to have all the time that was neces-
sary to do the legislative business which the Ter-
ritory might require, and that they should be
restricted to that time. If sixty days were not
sufficient, as he had said, he would give them
ninety.
Mr. FICKLIN suggested that the first session
should not exceed one hundred days, and that the
succeeding sessions should be limited to sixty
days.
Mr. ROOT accepted that suggestion, and so
modified his amendment.
Mr. GOTT suggested an amendment to provide
that no member of the Territorial Legislature should
receive compensation for any time beyond sixty
days.
Mr ROOT would not accept that suggestion.
The amendment, as modified, was then agreed
to, and Mr. MULLIN withdrew his motion to
strike out.
The fifth section was next read.
Mr. PALFREY moved to strike out the words
"free white55 from that portion which defined the
qualification of voters, office-holders, &c., m these
terms: " every free white male inhabitant above
the age of twenty-one years,55
He said, he saw no reason to restrict the right
of suffrage to people of any one color. He saw
no reason for making the right of suffrage de-
pendent on complexion. He presumed the Terri-
tory of Oregon did not require a better constituency
than they had in the Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts, and yet persons that were not "free
white male inhabitants55 helped to carry on their
government, and were entitled to all the privileges
of freemen. What was good enough for Massa-
chusetts, he was of opinion might be good enough
for Oregon.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, made a suggestion,
which was not heard distinctly at the reporters
desk.
Mr. CONGER suggested the insertion of the
words, " Indians excepted,'5 after the words
" twenty-one years.'5
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired, why
Indians should not vote as well as negroes?
Mr. VINTON moved to strike out the word
" free,55 and leave the word " white,5' so that the
section would read, "every white male inhabitant
above the age of twenty-one years,'' &c. He did
not mean to allow the section to stand so as to
convey the idea that a white man could be a slave \
anywhere, or by any implication.
Mr. McLANE asked the gentleman from Ohio
what he meant by "white inhabitant?5' He
wished the gentleman to define the meaning of the
term.
Mr. VINTON supposed the gentleman from
Maryland understood what a white man was as
well as he knew himself. If the gentleman from
Maryland knew what he was himself, he knew
what a white man was.
Mr. McLANE begged the gentleman from Ohio
to accept his assurance that he had asked the ques-
tion in good faith. Other gentlemen of the commit-
tee might understand the purport of the question,
if the gentleman from Ohio did not; for it was
known to many that the laws of Maryland and
the laws of Ohio differed materially on that sub-
ject.
The amendment of Mr. Vinton to strike out the
word " free'5 was then agreed to—64 in the affirm-
ative, and 63 in the negative.
The question then recurred on Mr. Palfrey's
motion to strike out "white;55 and he intimated,
that if it were agreed to, he should move to insert
"except Indians not taxed.55
After some conversation, in which Messrs. PAL-
FREY, McCLERNAND, TUCK, and others,
took part, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McLANE again asked the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] how he was to define the
term "white inhabitant?" He understood that
the Legislature of Ohio had enacted, that a person
was white who had more than a certain quantity
of white hlood.
Mr. ROOT explained, that a person blacker than
a mulatto did not come within the legislative enact-
ment, which allowed such persons certain privi-
leges. This had been so decided by their supreme
court.
Mr. McLANE inquired if it did not go further,
and fix the amount of black blood?
Mr. ROOT replied in the negative. He said that
it only required that a person should not be blacker
than a mulatto to entitle him to certain privileges.
There were many who emigrated from the south-
ern and eastern States to Ohio, that came there
very highly colored. [Laughter.]
Mr. McLANE said he understood the courts
of Ohio to have ruled that any man in whom the
white blood predominated over the negro blood
was a white man; therefore the child of a mulatto
slave might easily find himself a qualified voter in
Oregon, if Ohio law should govern the discretion
of a judge of election, and from the decision of a
judge of election there would be no appeal. This
case might arise whether the 12th section was
stricken out or not. The proper designation should
be every citizen of the United States inhabiting the
Territory of Oregon, or else a limitation and qual-
ification of the term " white" should be introduced,
to avoid the amalgamating principles of Ohio law. ;
it ought to be seven-eighths of white blood at j
least, and not the Ohio principle of a nute, viz: I
over half of white blood to constitute a white man. <
Mr. FICKLIN moved to amend the fifth sec- I
tion, where it fixed the qualification of voters, by j
inserting " who has not been convicted of an infa-
mous crime."
Mr. HALL, of New York, suggested that the
amendment should be qualified by providing that
the record of conviction shall the evidence of
disqualification.
Mr. FICKLIN said that that was the only evi-
dence. He would, neveitheles3, accept the modi-
fication.
Mr. HALL said there should be no doubt on
the subject. The law should be explicit.
Mr. GOTT inquired what was meant by the
term " infamous crime?"
Mr. FICKLIN replied, Felony,larceny,&c.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VINTOjN moved to amend by striking out
"and those," and inserting, " above the age of
twenty-one years, and." This provision gives
the right of suffrage and of holding office to citi-
zens of the United States and those who shall have
declared on oath their intention to become such,
&c. Agreed to.
M r. GIDOINGS moved to amend so as to make
the qualification the ability to read and write.
Mr, STARK VVFATHER. Read what ? French,
Dutch, or English ?
Mr. GIDD1NGS was not willing to impose on
courts and juries the necessity to inquire into the
complexion of a person's skin. He wished intel-
ligence and virtue to be the test of a person 's fit-
ness to paiticipate in the government. He was
not willing that, in this period of the nineteenth
century, they should sit in judgment on the color
of a voter's skin. The complexion was no evi-
dence of virtue and intelligence.
After some conversation—
Mr. GIDD1NGS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ViNTON moved to strike out the words
"forsix months,55m that portion which prescribed
the qualification of a person to vote who is con-
nected with the army or navy. He said he saw
no reason why an officer on a station for six
mouths, or any other length of time, should vote
for or hold office under the Territorial Government,
if his domicil was not there. Agreed to.
Mr. MULLIN moved to stuke out "or hold
office,'5 in the same piovision.
After some conversation, and a modification by
Mr. ROOT, which Mr. MULLIN accepted, the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOYDON moved to amend by striking out
"residence, habitation, and home,'5 and insert
"domicil." The framers of the bill seemed to
consider domicil, habitation, and home as all dif-
ferent. Domicil was a legal term whose signifi-
cation was well defined. The amendment was
adopted. ;
Mr. GREEN moved further to amend the sec-
tion by striking out all that part of it which de- 1
clared that the qualifications of voters should be :
prescribed by the Assembly. Congress were now
engaged in making for the people of this Territory ,
an organic law; it would be to them what a consti- i
tution was to a State; and he thought that the qual- j
ifications of voters was a matter that ought not to j
be left to the varying composition of a Territorial j
Legislature. All constitutions made the quahfica- \
tions of voters a fixed and stable thing. He thought
it ought to be more permanent and stable than it
would be if left to the changes which party was
often liable to produce. In the face of a popular
assembly, when the Territory passed into the form
of a State, the people would fix the conditions of
the franchise to suit themselves; but till then, he
thought it ought to be more permanent and fixed
than it was likely to be if subjected.to the transient
and fluctuating composition of a legislative body.
He also moved to strike out "for the first elec-
tion,'5 and insert "for all elections.,5
Mr. ROOT suggested to add, "after the first
year.55 Hethoughtif Congress undertook to fix
the qualifications of voters, it ought at least only
to do so for a short time. There were many things
Congress would not recollect as well as they would
for themselves. It might occur that just before an
election a gentleman might choose to step out of
one electoral district into another, and they might
think it unfair. Of all such matters they were
much the best judges. They might have a pauper
or a jailbird that they did not choose should vote
where he did not reside. Would it not be best to
leave the people of the Territory to fix all these
things in their own way ? He thought the amend-
ment went too far; it was at war with the great
Democratic principle that the people could, to a
certain extent, take care of themselves. He thought
that Congress ought to go a certain distance in reg-
ulating the franchise, and leave the rest to them-
selves. They ought to have some discretion in
the matter, or pipelaying would be sure to happen.
Should the Legislature make any laws which were
really against the rights of the people, Congress
held the remedy in its own hand in the veto power.
Mr. R. withdrew his amendment, and that pro-
posed by Mr. Green was rejected.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
strike out the words " and governor," wherever
they occurred; which was agreed to. (This was
in consequence of a previous amendment.)
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out the clause
which provides that lands of non-resident proprie-
tors should not be taxed higher than those of resi-
dents. He was in favor of" taxing the tracts held
by speculators so highly that in a few years they
would revert to the State.
Mr. ROOT said that he understood the object
his colleague had in view, and approved of it; but
would not his amendment, m certain oases, work
great hardship ? Should an emigrant die before h«
got his land, his family would become the owners
of it, though absent. Certainly his colleague did
not desire that his amendment should reach them.
It was well enough to tax the land-jobbers, but,
in taxing them, the operation might reach others
whom his colleague would be the last to injure.
Mr. SAWYER thought, that as some discretion
would be intru&ted to the Legislature, this would
be a sufficient remedy for any cases of peculiar
hardship.
Mr. VINTON believed there was no great need
of guarding against land speculators in Oregon, as
there w6re always so many better speculations
nearer by, that they would not go quite so far off
to operate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, said he was going to
offer an amendment which he had no doubt would
create astonishment among many gentlemen. It
was to insert the words "except such as relate
to involuntary servitude in said Territory,55 in
the clause svhich gave Congress a veto on ail laws
passed by the Territorial Legislature. A short
experience in political life had satisfied him that
the question of prohibitmgslavery would always be
sure of getting up a storm whenever it was brought
into that House; and he therefore desired to guard,
in time, against having it brought back upon the
House to produce a repetition of the scene that
was now to be witnessed here. Let the people of
Oregon manage that affair to suit themselves, and
let Congress have nothing further to say or do
about it." He had no wish to have slavery estab-
lished within their limits against their will. Nor
did he want to see this slavery cloud return. It
was now but the size of a man5s hand; but if ever
it should again darken the sky, it would be far
greater, and would bring elements of storm m it
which he wanted to prevent. He could not, there-
fore, let the present opportunity pass without ma-
king an effort to prevent it. When the Territorial
laws of Oregon should be sent for the revision of
