1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 1,
Congress, let those relating to this vexed question ,
of slavery be excepted.
Mr. ROOT moved to amend the amendment by ,
striking out" involuntary servitude," and inserting
"slavery." There were other forms of involun-
tary servitude besides slavery. Ifa man, who had
been guilty of some offence, were set to labor on
the highways, with a ball and chain upon his leg,
that would, he presumed, be involuntary set vitude.
Or suppose he should be made to work five years
at some public work for stealing a chicken. Ought
such a law to stand? He thought it would be best
to let Congress revise all the territorial laws. It
was rather a bioad amendment. Fie was led to
conjectuie—he did not know certainly how it might
be—that the gentleman had been gazing rather too
steadily on the clouds when he penned this amend- ;
ment. He wanted to get. rid of this slavery ques-
tion. Mr. R. would help him. He would take a
course that would compel gentlemen to make their
marks about it. But he wished the amendment to
contain only slavery, and leave involuntary servi- 1
tude alone. 1
The question on Mr. Root's amendment to the
amendment being put, it was rejected.
The question recurring on Mr. Cobb's amend-
ment—
Mr. COBB said he was quite serious in propos- i
ing it. j
Mr. SCHENCK proposed a pro forma amend-
ment. He said he did not want to make any ar-
gument, even if there were time, in the five minutes ;
allowed by the rule. But this amendment came
from the country of the "Alabama platform "—from
those who claimed that Congress had no power to
legislate for the Territories on the subject of sla- ;
very.
Mr. COBB said he would like to have five min-
utes to explain the Alabama platform.
Mr. SCHENCK said he could not yield the ;
floor. But he was notgoing to speak two minutes;
and then he would yield the remainder of his five ,
minutes to the gentleman from Alabama, if he
wished to occupy the time.
Ail that he (Mr. Schexck) intended was, to call
attention to the inconsistency of those who had
adopted this new-light doctrine, that Congress could
not legislate on the subject of slavery for the Ter-
ritories—who claimed that the ordinance of 1787,
the Missouri compromise, and all other such legis-
lation since the beginning of the Government, was
unconstitutional!
They professed to hold this doctrine, and yet
would vote for a ''compromise law," or an amend-
ment like this, theieby undertaking to control the
action of the Territorial Legislatuie, in which they
declare all the power exists.
Now, he would not make any argument, as he
had said, but he would state his views in the shape
of a proposition, thus:
When Congress establishes a legislature for a ;
Territory, and prohibits it from legislating on the
subject of slavery, that prohibition by Congress is
itself legislation on the subject.
Or the proposition might be varied in language,
and stated thus:
Congress declares by law that the Territorial Legis-
latute, to which it has delegated its power of legis-
lation on other subjects, shall not touch the given
.subject of slavery. Such a law itself is a control
of that subject.
If these propositions were not sound and true—
good logic and good sense—then he was much
mistaken. He would like, therefore, to hear some
of ihe friends of that sort of compromise try to
explain their inconsistency, or try to escape from
the force of his objection. He would give up the
remainder of his time for such explanation to any
gentleman who thought he was wrong. Perhaps
the honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
would now take the opportunity to explain that
Alabama platform.
Mr. COBB said, all he had wanted the floor for
was to say that he did not think it worth while to
reply.
The amendment of Mr. Cobb was rejected.
Mi\ MILLER moved to amend by adding after
the word "laws" the words "not inconsistent
with the Constitution and laws of the United
Stales." The first clause of this section (Mr. M.
said) gave the Territorial legislature unlimited pow-
er of legislation, without any regard to thelegislation
of Congress, past cr future; yet there might be
laws of the United States which came in conflict
with the territorial laws passed by such Legisla- 1
ture.
Mr. STANTON moved to amend the amend- j
ment by adding, " or to pass laws on the subject
of slavery.}>
Mr. S. observed that the gentleman from Ohio ;
had said that for Congress to pass a law pro-
hibiting1 the Territorial Legislatures from prohibit- .
ing slavery, was itself legislating on slavery. The ;
same objection would apply to the amendment just ,
proposed. For Congress to say that a Territorial
Legislature should not pass laws inconsistent with
the laws and Constitution of the United States, was
itself unconstitutional.
The amendment of Mr. Miller was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved to extend the
clause which declared laws inconsistent with the
Constitution to be null and void, by adding the
words, "or laws inconsistent with this act."
Agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, in the
clause "all laws shall be equal and uniform," the ,
word "laws" was stricken out, and the word i
" taxes" inserted in its place. ;
Mr. BOYDON moved to strike out the whole J
proviso to the sixth section of the bill. [The pro- j
viso prohibits the Legislature from chartering
banks, borrowing money, &c.]
Mr. B. said he knew that Congress reserved to
itself a veto on all laws passed by the Territorial
Legislature. Now, it was manifest that a legisla-
ture might do very improperly some of the things :
here prohibited, but there might be cases where ,
some of them would be very proper. Would it not
be better to leave the Legislature untrammelled,
seeing that all its errors could be revised and cor-
rected here? There was no need of declaring that
they should not charter a bank. Mr. B. never
would consent to any such prohibition. He de-
nied the doctrine that a State had no constitutional |
power to charter a bank. :
[A voice: "But this is a Teiritory, not a State."]
He knew it was a Territory, but it was to be-
come a State. This law was intended to lay the
corner-stone of a State constitution. And this
prohibition was intended to countenance all that
modern humbug about a State's having no power
to charter a bank or to borrow money. This,
he supposed, was State-rights doctrine! He was
against it. He was for putting this infant State
on the right track, while it was yet in its pupilage.
But if Congress passed these prohibitions here,
his word for it, the same thing would be incorpo-
rated in the State constitution, and no doubt it was
so intended. What was it put m for? It was to
aid the veto power; they were afraid the State
might do as Congress did sometimes.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BIRDSALL wanted to modify the 6th sec-
tion by inserting a clause similar to one in the con- ;
I stitution of Ohio, which he read. But it was ruled
out of order.
Several verbal amendments were moved and
agreed to.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
add to the clause prohibiting officers of the United
States Government from being members of the
Territorial Legislature the words "except post-
masteis." Agieed to.
Mr. BOYDON moved to add, after the same
clause, " that these restrictions shall not apply to
the first Legislative Assembly." Mr. B. said there j
appeared to be great unwillingness to trust theTer- ;
ntorial Legislative Assembly to enjoy any office
which they should themselves create, or the emolu-
ment of which they should increase. That was the
i general doctrine on the subject. But they wanted
j now that Congress should say that this prohibition
I should not apply to this first Legislature that should
! assemble m the Territory. Now, it was this very
; first Legislature which would have the appomt-
! ment of all the officeis of the Territory, and would
■ also hate the fixing of all their salaiies; and yet
I it was proposed that these men might hold their
offices and enjoy their salaries. But surely if there
t was anything in the general principle at ali, it ap-
plied with double force to the first Legislature, who
made all the offices and all the salaries. If any
improper influence was to be apprehended, it would
operate with tenfold force upon this Legislature to
what it would on their successors.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MULLIN moved to amend the clause
which limited the powers of justices of the peacc
so as to exclude from their jurisdiction cases in
which the title to lands came in question.
Mr. VINTON suggested the necessity of some
provision authorizing an appeal from the territo-
rial courts to the Supreme Court of the United
States, in all cases where the Constitution of the
United States, an act of Congress, or a treaty of
the United States, should be brought in question;
and, after some conversation, made a motion to
that effect, which was agreed to.
Mr. VENABLE moved a further provision in
reference to appeals; which was agreed to.
Certain verbal amendments to the section were
proposed by Mr. MULLIN, some of which were
agreed to, and others rejected.
Verbal amendments were aiso made to the 10th,
11th, and 12th sections, at the suggestion of various
gentlemen.
Mr. GRINNELL moved a new section, to come
in between the 11th and 12th sections, providing
that the rivers and streams in the Territory in
which salmon are found shall not be obstructed by
dams or otherwise, unless so made as to allow
said fish to pass freely.
He said there was now a valuable fishery in
Oregon, and unless some care was taken of it, it
would be lost. For the want of care, by the erec-
tion of a dam, &c., in the Connecticut river, the
salmon, which formerly had been very valuable
there, had been driven out. This might be avoided
in this Territory, with care, without expense.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved a new section
of $10,000 for expenses of the provisional govern-
ment of Oregon. Agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved an amendment declaring
null and void ail the laws heretofore passed in the
said Territory making grants of land, or otherwise
affecting or encumbering the titles of lands therein.
The clause as it now stood, he said, gave validity
to all the laws which had been passed in that Ter-
ritory. They might have made—he believed the
fact was that they had undertaken to make—large
grants of land, to what extent was unknown. The
Congress of the Uuited States, as a matter of
course, would take up the subject, and make do-
nations, liberal donations of land to settlers in
Oregon. They, therefore, ought to make excep-
tion of these grants of land, that hereafter they
might come under the revision of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. BIRDSALL said he proposed to amend the
, 12th section, so as to make it conform m principle
to the same section in the Iowa Territorial bill,
passed during Mr. Van Buren's administration,
and which received his "solemn" sanction and
■ approval. He knew no reason why the principle
■ of " non-inteiference," adopted in that bill, should
| not be carried out in this. Both Territories lay
north of the Missouri compromise line, and, so far
as that compromise could affect the question, stood
i upon the same footing. If there was any virtue
. in that compromise, it extended as well to Oregon
as to Iowa. He had no doubt whatever, that m
the case of Oregon, as in Iowa, under the amend-
ment he proposed, the Territory would be free
territory, and the State to be formed from it would
also be a free State. He made this motion for the
■ purpose of testing the question whether piofessed
Northern Democrats were willing to stand upon
the same platform upon which the Democi.itic
party stood while Mr. Van Buren was President,
and to which it had since adhered. His amend-
ment retained that clause which adopted and sanc-
tioned the laws now in force in Oregon, which had
been cnacted by the provisional government there,
and gave the same right to the Territorial Legisla-
ture to alter, modify, or repeal them, as was con-
tained m the Iowa bill. His amendment was
intended to place this section on precisely the same
principles as the 1'jth section in'the Iowa bill. It
carried out the great principle of freedom—the right
of man for self-government; and he did not see
how his northernTnends, who had " free teiritorv"
so constantly on their lips, should hesitate to unite
with him on grounds which had once received the
approval of Mr. Van Buren himself.
( Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, inquired whether sla-
very was not prohibited in the Territory of Iowa
bv the Missouri compromise?
'Mr. BIRDSALL replied, no more than in Wis-
consin or in Oregon.
Mr. SMITH asked if Oregon was a part of the
i Louisiana purchase?
