THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY'BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 7, 1848.
New Series No. 65.
apply to the collection of agricultural statistics.
He referred to the report from the Patent Office,
made at this session, as more valuable, and less
burdened with trash, than the reports which had
preceded it.
Mr. DICKINSON referred to the exploration of
the Dead Sea which was in progress, stating that
it was undertaken by the officers of a provision
ship which our Government had found it necessary
to station in the Mediterranean, who had obtained
leave of absence for the purpose of visiting that
interesting part of the country.
Mr. BUTLEB- said he should vote against all
these schemes.
Mr. WESTCOTT said he was in favor of col-
lecting statistics, but he was opposed to the publi-
cation of books. He did not like book-farming,
having never found that farmers who farmed from
books were good for anything.
Mr. DOWNS thought this effort at retrench-
ment was beginning at the wrong end: it was com-
mencing with stopping the only book in which the
people took any interest. We take a different view
of this subject from that taken by the people, who
complain more loudly of our long speeches, which
keep us in session eight months out of twelve, than
of the appropriation of a little money for the pub-
lication of useful works. Our system is founded
on the principle that the people must have light.
Mr. NILES regarded this business of protecting
agriculture as not belonging to the legitimate duties
of Government, in its legislative action: it belongs
to the people and the States. If it does belong to
Government, we are too inoperative: we ought to
have a proper bureau and competent professors.
He remarked on the imperfection of everything
done by Congress in the way of collecting statis-
tics, and thought we had better stop short. But if
we were to go on with the system of enlightening
the country, it would be as well to publish these
valuable primary books which are useful for edu-
cation, and are eagerly sought after throughout the
whole country, by parents and teachers.
The question was divided; and the question was
first taken on the part relating to the agricultural
statistics, by yeas and nays, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Bell, Benton, Bradbury, But-
ler, Calhoun, Dickinson, Dix, Hale, Hunter, King, Lewis,
Ma«on, Metcalfe, Niles, Turney, and Yulee—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bor-
land, Clarke, Clayton, Corwm, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dayton, Dodge, Douglas, Downs, Felcli, Fitzgerald, Foote,
Greene, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson
of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, Mangum, Miller, Phelps,
Rusk, Sebastian, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham,
Walker, and Westcott—33.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of the amendment, which was agreed to.
An amendment appropriating the sum of fifteen
hundred dollars for the purchase of scientific works
for the Patent Office, and of three hundred dollars
for the librarian, payable out of the Patent Office
fund, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the re-
duction of five hundred dollars in the salary of the
First Comptroller.
Mr. ATHERTON briefly defended the amend-
ment, on the ground that the present moment,
when the duties were more arduous than usual,
was most inappropriate for a reduction of salaries.
Mr. BADGER also defended the amendment.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the re-
duction of five hundred dollars from the salary of
the Second Comptroller; which was agreed to.
The next amendment, inserting six instead of
three additional clerks in the office of the Second
Comptroller, was agreed to.
All the other amendments, striking out the re-
ductions of salaries introduced by the House of
Representatives, were agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
At one o'clock, the Senate, on motion of Mr.
RUSIC, proceeded to the consideration of Execu-
tive business; and the doors remained closed until
near three o'clock, when they were reopened.
65
The following business took place in the Senate
after the galleries were cleared, and before the
Senate Chamber doors were shut:
The joint resolution from the House appointing
a joint committee of three from each House to de-
vise some mode for the reporting of the proceed-
ings and debates of the two Houses of Congress
was taken up and adopted, and Messrs. Benton,
Rusk, and Clayton, were appointed on the part of
the Senate.
The joint resolution of the House of Represent-
atives giving the thanks of Congress to the officers,
sailors, and marines of the United States navy, for
their efficient cooperation and services in the late
war with Mexico, was considered in Committee
of the Whole, and after having been read a third
time, the question being on its passage—
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and the vote stood as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Badcer, Bell,
Borland, Bradbury,Butler, Clarke. Clayton, Dayton, Dickin-
son, Dix, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Greene, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana. King,
Lewis, Mangum,Mason,Metealfe, Miller, Niles, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Spruanoe, Turney, Underwood, Upham, Walker,
Westcott, and Yulee—37.
NAY—Mr. Hale—I.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a joint resolution granting to the
Jackson Monument Association the cannon taken
by General Jackson in hiscampaigns, for the con-
struction of his monument. Mr. D. pressed on
the Senate immediate action on the resolution,
which was yielded, and the resolution passed.
Mr. WESTCOTT, on the eve of adjournment
this evening, was indulged, through the courtesy
of the presiding officer, in introducing, out of time,
a bill to cede the Everglades of Florida to that
State; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
After the doors were reopened—
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
amendments to the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, when all the amendments of the commit-
tee were agreed to, with the exception of the
following items, which were passed by as likely
to meet with opposition:
The proviso relating to a captain of the navy
being appointed to the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing.
That relating to the appropriation of 150,000 for
the payment of claims of the Spanish Government
against the United States.
That relating to the item of $30,000 for the pur-
chase of one or more bridges over the Eastern
Branch, to be made free of toll; and that relating
to the extension of the appropriation from $65,000
to §115,000 relating to surveys in Michigan, Wis-
consin,-and Iowa, and private claims in Florida.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the bill was further
amended so as to place the assistant Postmaster
Generals on the same footing as Auditors of the
Treasury by increasing their salaries §500 each.
Several other amendments offered were adopted;
when—
On motion of Mr. TURNEY, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, August 2, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. McCLELLAND Obtained the floor, but
yielded it to—
Mr. BURT, who observed that a message had
been received from the President containing in-
formation called for by the House in regard to the
number of Indians, &c. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means intended to call
up the army appropriation bill, it was important,
nay almost indispensable, that this message and
the documents accompanying it should be before
the House when they acted on that bill. He would
therefore propose that by general consent that
message should now be taken up, and, with the ac-
companying documents, ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER stated that there were upon his
table two Executive messages which had been
received prior to this one, besides many bills from
the Senate. Was it the pleasure of the House now
to dispose of them?
Mr. STEPHENS wanted to know what this
last message contained ?
Mr. BURT explained that it related to the num-
ber oflndians in Oregonand other Territories, &c.,
and the requisite military force that would in con-
sequence be required to be retained when the army
should be reduced.
Mr. STEPHENS said he had no objection that
this message should be taken up and considered;
but if th« motion was understood to include the
peace message, he should object.
The SPEAKER replied that it did not; and he
then laid before the House the following message:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
In answer to the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 17th instant, requesting the President41 to corn-
'municate (if not inconsistent with thepublie imprest) copies
'of all instructions given to the f-Ion. Ambrose H. Sev.er and
1 Nathan Clifford, commissioners appointed to conduct ne-
c gotiations for the ratification of the treaty lately concluded
' between the United States and the Republic of Mexico," J
have to state that in my opinion it would be "inconsistent
with the public interest" to give publicity to these instruc-
tions at the present time. I avail myself of this occasion to
observe, that as a general rule, applicable to all our import-
ant negotiations with foreign Powers, ii could not fail to he
pi judicial to the pubhe interest to publish the instructions to
i our ministers until some time had elapsed after the conclu-
sion of such negotiations. In the present case, the object
1 of the mission of ourcommissioneis to Mexico lias been ac-
S coniph^hed. The treaty, a-  amended by tho Senate of tha
! United State5?. ha« been mtified, the ratification* have been
exchanged, and the treaty has been proclaimed a* the su-
preme "law of the land. No contmtrtney oc< urred which
made it either necessary or pioper for our commissioners
to enter upon any negotiations with the Mexican Govern-
ment,further than to urge upon that Government the ratifi-
cation of the treaty in its amended form.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, July 29,1848.
Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER laid also before the House the
following message:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I communicate herewith a report from the Secretary of
War, containing the information called for by the resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 17th July, 384d, ui
relation to the number of Indians in Oregon, California, and
New Mexico, the number of military posts, the number of
troops which will be required iri each, and c: the whole
' military force winch should constitute the peace establish-
ment."
I have seen 110 reason to change the opinion expressed in
my message to Congress of the 6th July, I84P, tuuiHmtuncr
the treaty of peace with Mexico, that " the old aimv. as it
' existed before the commencement of the war with Mexico,
< especially if authority be given to fill up the rank ami file
< of the several corp* to the maximum number authorized
1 duung the war, will be a sufficient force to be retained in
' service during a period of peace." The old armyconsi*ts
of fifteen regiments. By the act of 10th May, 1846, the Pi ev-
ident was authorized by voluntary enlistments to increase
the number of privates Ck in each or any of the companies of
'the existing regiments of dragoons, artillery, and infantry,
'to any number not exceeding one hundred." and to " re-
<dnce the same to sixty-four when the ex>acneles requiring
'the present increase shall ceas.j." Should this act remain
in force, the maximum number of the tank and file of thr
arsnv authorized bv it would be over 16.000 men, exclusive
of officers. Should the authority confeired by this act be
continued, it would depend on the exigencies of the service
whether the number of the rank and file should be increased,
i and if so, to what amount beyond the minimum nutnbei of
! sixty-four privates to a company. Allowing sixty-four pri-
i vates to a company, the anny would be over 10,000 men,
' exclusive of commissioned and non-coi mis<-ioned officers-,
' a number which it is believed will be sufficient; bur, as u
! precautionary measure, it is deemed expedient that the Ex-
f ecutive should possess tl® power of increasing the strength
of the respective corp^, should the exigencies ot the service
be such as to requiie it. Should these exigencies not call
for such increase, the discretionary powei given b} the act
to the President will not be exercised.
It will be seen, from the report of the Secretary Oi V\ ar,
that a portion of the forces will be employed in Oregon, New
! Mexico, and Upper California, a portion for the protection
\ of the Texas frontier, adjoinms the Mexican possesions,
• and bordering on the territory occupied by the Indian trii.es
I within her limits. After detailing the force necessary for
I these objects, it is believed a sufficient number oi tioopd
i will remain to afford security and protection to our Indian
! frontier in the west and northwest, and to occupy, with
sufficient garrisons, the posts on our northern and Atlantic
borders, I have no reason at present to believe that any in-
crease of the number of regiments or corp<? will be ' equired
during a period of peace. JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, august 1, IS48.,
