1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 2,
Referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, enclosing a map of the esti-
mated surface of the Territories of the United
States, north and west of the regularly organized
States of the Union, compiled from Tanner's large
map of North America, and Disturnell's map of
Mexico, published in New York in 1847, and on
which is represented the parallel of 36° 30' north
latitude. Referred to the Committee on Engra-
ving.
SENATE BILLS, ETC.
Senate bills of the following titles were taken
up, read a first and second time, and referred to
appropriate committees:
A bill to carry into effect certain provisions in
the treaties between the United States and China
and the Ottoman Porte, giving certain judicial
powers to ministers and consuls of the United
Statee, in those countries.
A bill for giving effect to certain treaty stipula-
tions between this and foreign Governments for
the apprehension and delivering up of certain of-
fenders.
A bill to modify the 4th clause of the 7th sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to enable the peo-
ple of Wisconsin Territory to form a constitution
and State government, and for the admission of
such State into the Union," approved August 6,
1846.
A bill for the better organization of the district
court of the United States within the State of Lou-
isiana.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas G. V. Owen, deceased.
The Senate bill for the relief of Charity Hen-
nington was read a first and second time, and or-
dered to be read a third time, and was read a third
time and passed. ,
Subsequently, Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, moved that the vote on the passage of the
bill be reconsidered; which motion to reconsider
lies over for the present.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
The Senate bill providing for the obtaining of
testimony in relation to claims for losses sustained
in the late Florida war was read twice.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGEPtSOLL moved a con-
currence in the Senate's amendment to the bill es-
tablishing a commission forthe settlement of claims
in Florida, and that the bill be put upon its third
reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD wanted further explanation
on the necessity of passing such a tyll. He did
not perceive the necessity of employing a commis-
sion to settle claims for property destroyed by In-
dians.
Mr. POLLOCK said, these claims in Florida
had been contested; they had been before the Com-
mittee of Claims, and a majority of such of them as
were just had already been paid or would be. He
thought there was no need of a commission to ad-
judicate them. He would not say that there was
more in the bill than appeared on its face; but he
would say that justice did not require the bill to
pass. He thought it ought to so to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CABELL said that nothing was asked in
this bill which would commit the Government to
the payment of any claim for which it was not
justly liable. There was something peculiar in the
position of Florida. There were thousands of
claims which were continually pressed on its repre-
sentatives in Congress, many of which were valid,
while others were of doubtful character. This
bill provided that a commissioner shall be appoint-
ed to take testimony by which the claims should
be tested, but it provided for no definitive action
m any case.
The whole was to be laid before !
Congress. The object was to get rid of the many
hundreds of petitions which were continually pour-
ing upon them, and with which they were reluctant
to^trouble the House. They wished that a com-
missioner should examine into the grounds of the
several claims, and lay the result before Congress.
All the testimony was to be taken on oath; and by
this arrangement all the testimony would be ob-
tained winch was favorable to the United States.
When claims were disposed of in the usual way,
all the testimony was ex parte, and all against the
Government, and in favor of the claimant. But
here an individual would be appointed to attend on
the part of the Government, and the facts on both
sides would be obtained.
Mr. POLLOCK said there was already a gen-
eral law which covered all cases of claims from
Indian spoliations: why this special legislation in
behalf of Florida claimants above and in prefer-
ence to all others?
Mr. GIDDINGS inquired whether these, claims
would not have to be passed upon by the House?
Mr. CABELL replied that they would. They
were very numerous, and the arrangement pro-
posed would be in the result a saving to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. GIDDINGS was opposed to the bill, as
being partial in its character. There was a law
now for all these cases of Indian spoliations.
They had taken place all along our frontier, and
there were claims from other quarters of theUnion
as well as those from Florida. Why should these
have preference ? Partial legislation was not cred-
itable to any Government. Either the claimants
on the northwest frontier ought to have the same
advantage, or neither ought to have it. He ob-
jected to having the bill put on its passage: it was
unjust. There had scenes of Indian cruelty taken
place on the northwest frontier fully as well en-
titled to sympathy and relief as any that had hap-
pened m Florida.
Mr. DICKINSON urged the same objection to
the bill, as being partial. There were persons in
Ohio who had suffered in the same way, and
whose claims were as well entitled to regard. The
claims in question might be referred to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. CABELL said there seemed to be some
misapprehension as to the nature and objects of
the bill. No special or partial legislation was
proposed by it at all. He had no objection that
every claimant should be required in the outset to
make oath to the justice of his claim; but while
they remained as they now did, they formed a
political element, employed by both Whigs and
Democrats for electioneering purposes: he was
desirous that this should be put an end to. The
Florida claimants would have to make oath before-
hand to the justice of their claims; if those from
the gentleman's district were required to do the
same, he had no objection they should be put on
an equal footing.
Mr. DICKINSON insisted that this bill ought
to go to a committee. He referred to a provision
in the treaty with the Wyandot Indians, in which
£,20.000 had been allowed to satisfy similar claims
to these: they needed a commission to settle them
just as much as it was needed in Florida, He
moved to refer the bill to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BURT, being well satisfied the House had
no idea of appointing any such agent for claims in
Florida, Ohio, or elsewhere, moved to lay the bill
upon the table.
The motion was promptly carried, the yeas and
nays being refused.
Mr. BOWL1N moved to reconsider the vote, and
to lay that motion on the table. Agreed to.
THE CHEROKEE CLAIMS.
The joint resolution of the Senate authorizing
the proper accounting officers of the treasury to
make a just and fair settlement of the claims of the
Cherokee nation of Indians according to the prin-
ciples established by the treaty of August, 1846,
was read a first and second time.
Mr. FARAN said that we had already a state-
ment of these accounts from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs: why order another statement from
the Second Comptroller? If there was no mistake
as to the proper construction of the language of
the treaty, the whole matter might be settled in
twenty minutes.
Mr. BURT said that the resolution asked a set-
tlement of these accounts from the regular account-
ing officers of the treasury. He was aware that
the Indian Commissioner had made a statement in
regard to them, but we ought to have one from the
officers of the treasury. The resolution proposed
no definitive action: and he hoped the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Faran] would not object that the
House should have all the information it could ob-
tain upon the subjcct.
Mr. FARAN said he had no objection to the res-
olution, if this was to be a final disposal of the
matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, advocated the
resolution. The Second Comptroller (Governor
Parris) had been one of the commissioners to settle
the treaty under which these claims arose, and was
the most proper officer to examine and report upon
them.
He moved the previous question.
Mr. ROOT asked him to withdraw it long enough
to suffer Mr. R. to inquire why this claim did not
take the usual course in being referred to the officer
at the head of the Indian Bureau?
Mr. JOHNSON replied there were various
claims which had arisen under the treaty of 1846.
They had been referred to the Commissioner on
Indian Affairs, who had made a report upon them,
stating a certain amount to be due to the claimants:
it was now proposed to refer the matter for fur-
ther examination to the accounting officers of the
treasury.
Mr. ROOT said that it then appeared that this
was an attempt to get over a report which had been
made by the Commissioner of the Indian Bureau.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said the
question was a very simple one. It was whether
the opinion of the Second Comptroller and the At-
torney General of the United States was better au-
thority than that of Mr. Medill, the Indian Com-
missioner. Governor Parris was understood to be
in favor of the claim, and Mr. Medill against it.
The Senate wished it to go to the accounting offi-
cers of the treasury.
Mr. BARRINGER explained. This resolution
proposed to refer the conflicting claims of the Cher-
okee Indians under the treaty of 1846. Without
going into the nature of the claims, he would state
the fact, that there were various and conflicting
claims under the previous Cherokee treaty of 1845.
There were three or four different parties con-
cerned in them. They had been attempted to be
adjusted by a subsequent treaty of 1846, and Gov-
ernor Parris had been one of the commissioners to
do this. Mr. Medill, the Indian Commissioner,
had rejected the claims, and a part of the tribe pro-
tested against his decision.
Mr. BURT said that these claims had not by tha
treaty been refeired to the decision of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. BARRINGER said he was aware of that.
But he seemed to have supposed that he was au-
thorized to settle them, and he had attempted to do
it; but the Indians opposed it. Hence it was pro-
posed to send the whole matter to the officers of
the treasury.
Mr. FARAN asked whether there was any dis-
pute as to the amount of the claims ?
Mr. BARRINGER replied in the negative.
Mr. FARAN said he understood the dispute
was as to the fund out of which the claims were
to be paid.
Mr. BARRINGER said it was.
Mr. B.according to promise,renewed themotion
for the previous question.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to lay the resolution on
the table. Lost.
And, under the previous question, the resolution
was passed: Yeas 114, nays 75.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
reconsider the vote upon the passage, and warmly
opposed the resolution, urging that it was tanta-
mount to authorizing the payment of these claims,
amounting to some §2,900,000.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired whether
the treaty of 1830 was not one of the points to be
decided by the resolution ? if it was not to be de-
cided whether the entire expenses for the removal
and subsistence of the Indians, amounting to some
§6,000,000, should come out of the treasury, or
out of the Cherokee fund ?
Mr. THOMPSON replied, that was the main
point in the controversy; that it involved the
amount of something like §2,900,000, and further
objected to submitting it to the accounting officers,
unless Congress prescribed the principles on which
it should be decided. He hoped the resolution
would be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs; that the bill reported by the chairman of
the Committee of Claims, [Mr. Rockwell, of Con-
necticut,] providing for the establishment of a
boaid for the investigation of claims upon the
, Government, would be taken up and passed.
This board would be composed of the most emi-
! nent men of the country, and they would report
| the result of their investigations to Congress—
1 which would then be enabled to actin an intelligent
