1848.
TJHE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
1027
manner and avoid the plunder of the treasuryyso
often the result of pressing bills through under the
influences that had been thrown around this by
gentlemen without the bar, who were appealing to
members to do justice to the poor Indian, when
they themselves would receive a large share of the
appropriation.
_ Mr. GENTRY said, the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi was wholly in error. Neither the con-
struction of the treaty, nor any of the questions
to which he had referred, would be settled undej
the resolution. The whole sum and substance of
the resolution was, to authorize the proper officers
to investigate the subject, and report the result of
their examination to Congress at the next session
for their action. He caused to be read the reso-
lution, to show that this was its effect.
Some conversation and explanations occurred
between Messrs. GENTRY, PRESTON, and
THOMPSON, of Mississippi, and others.
Mr. CLINGMAN suggested, in order to obviate
the objections of Mr. Thompson, that the resolu-
tion be so modified as to provide, instead of a
settlement/' for a "just and fair statement of the
accounts" by the proper officers to Congress:
which suggestion was finally received by general
•consent, and the resolution modified accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON wished a further modifica-
tion, by adding, that " no moneys shall be paid
on said settlement until the principles thereof are
adopted and approved by the Senate."
Objections being made, this modification was
not received.
The motion to reconsider was tfcsn laid on the
table, on motion of Mr. GENTRY; and thus the
resolution is finally passed.
BILLS PASSED.
The House bill to change the place of holding
.the district court of the United States for the mid-
dle district of Alabama, and for other purposes,
which was ordered some days since to be engross-
ed, was read a third time, and passed, and sent to
the Senate .for concurrence.
The amendments of .the Senate to the -House
bill for the relief of Archibald Beard and twenty-
one other Tennessee mounted volunteers, were
read and agreed to, and the title of the bill was
amended so as to read " An act for the relief of
certain Tennessee volunteers."
The amendments of the Senate to the joint reso-
lution of the House authorizing the Secretary of
State to furnish the clerk of the district court of the
United States for the western district of Virginia
four copies of Little & Brown's edition of the Lawjs
of the United States, were also read and agreed to,
and the title of the joint resolution was amended
to read, "Joint resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of State to furnish the clerks of the several
district and circuit courts of the United States with
copies of Little & Brown's edition of the Laws of
the United States.
REVOLUTIONIZING MEXICO.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, asjted the
general consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to inform this Houj-e whether he lias received in-
formation of the fitting out, by citizens of the United States,
of an armed expedition to levoluttonize certain of the Mex-
ican States., with the intention of establishing an independ-
ent Government; and it any, and what, measure* have been
taken by the authorities of the United States to prevent such
expedition.
The reception of the resolution was objected to
by Messrs. B1RDSALL, JONES, of Tennessee,
and others.
SOUTHERN MAIL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution of the Senate to authorize and re-
quite a renewal of the contract for carrying the
southern mail.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia,, inquired if this resolu-
tion did not direct the Postmaster General to make
the contract with this route at the prices paid by
his predecessor, being about $260 per mile?
Mr. GOGGIN replied, yes, for the railroad por-
tion of the route.
Mr. COBB understood, then, that it was pro-
posed to renewthe contract which the Postmaster
General and this House had over and over again
refused.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution on the table, but withdrew for a mo-
ment at the request of, £nd on pledge of its renewal
by—
Mr. GOGGIN, who explained that although the
resolution did not authorize to be paid what the
present Postmaster General had ever contracted to
pay, it did authorize what had actually been paid
by the present Postmaster general and his prede-
cessors since 1843, up to Within $ few months,
undej* a contract made by tjhe predecessor of' the
present Postmaster General,. lie would state fur-
ther, that when this question was up before, there
w:as a. difficulty as to damages which might be
claimed by the bay route. That company now
agreed to waive all such claims, and there was no
obstacle in the way of the settlement of this ques-
tion but the passage of this resolution, in order to
restore to the South £.nd the whole country these
mail facilities. Jn accordance with his pledge, he
renewed the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, interposed the remark
that he understood the claims for damages were
cot waived by grtl tb,e companies who might be en-
titled to them.
The resolution was laid on the tabic: Ayes 122,
.noes 64.
Mr. CHASE moved to reconsider the vote, ao4
to lay the^motion on the table; ^hich was agreed
to.
GRANT TO ILLINOIS.
The House proceeded to consider the Senate bill
granting to the state of Illinois the right of way,
and a donation of public lands, for making a rail-
road connecting the Upper and Lower Mississippi
with the chain of northern lakes at Chicago; which
was reported with amendments from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands some time since.
Messrs. COLLAMER, LINCOLN, and others,
made remarks in explanation of the bill which was
pending; when—
OREGON.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, the
House resumed .the consideration of the bill to es-
tablish the Territorial Government of Oregon, and
the amendments thereto reported by the Commit-
tee of the Whole, on which the previous ques-
tion had been seconded, and the main question
ordered.
The question being on agreeing to the said
amendments, they were severally read and agreed
to without division, except the two following, on
which separate votes were taken, viz:
On concurring with the Committee of the Whole
in striking out in the second section the words,
" and shall approve of all laws passed by the Le-
gislative Assembly before they shall take effect.
[The effect of this amendment is to deprive the
Governor of the power of.approval or disapproval
of the laws passed by the Legislature.]
The vote on agreeing to this amendment re-
sulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barringer,
,Bingham,,£irdsall, Bianchard, Botts, Boydon, Brady, But-
ler, Canby, Q^thcarf, Chapman, Cliase, OJapp, Beveily L.
Clarke, Cocke, Collamer, Collins, Conner, Cranston, Cris-
field, Crowe!!, Crozier, Cuminms, Darling, Dickey, Dixon,
Duer, Daniel Duncan, Gamett Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Ed-
waid®, Einbrop, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan*, Fairelly,
Fisher, Flournoy, Freedlej, French.Fulton, Gayle. Gentry,
Giddmgs, Goggin, Gott, Gregory, Gii'nnell, Hale, Will^rd P.
Hall, Nathan K.Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton,
Haskell, Henry, Hill, Milliard, Ehas B. Holmes,George S.
Houston, John W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph
R Ingersoll, Jenkins, Andiew Johnson, John W. Jones,
Kellpgg, Kennon, Thomas B. King, Dame! P. King, Lahm,
William T.Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Lincoln, Maclav,
McClelland, MeCJernand, Meilvaine, Marsh, Marvin, Mi'l-
lei, Morris, Mulhn, Nelson, Newell, Outlaw, Palfrey, Peek,
Pendleton, Pollock, Preston, Putnam. Reynold*, Rohmson,
Rockhill, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell. Roman. Rose,
Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schcnck, Shepperd, Shemil, Sil-
vester, Slingerland, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Staik-
weather, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart,
Tajlmadge. Taylor, Thibodeanx, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Richard W. Thompson, Tompkins Toombs. Tuck, Turner,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, Wlnte, and Wil-
mot—132.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayly, Bocock, Bowdon, Bowlin, Brod-
head, William G. Biojvti, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Franklin
Clark, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Daniel. Faran, Feather^ton,
Fickhn, Fries, Gteen, Hammons, Haralson, Harmanson,
Harus, Henley, Inge, Chai les J, Iiiaorsoll, Iverson, Jameson^
Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman, La S6re^
Ligon, Lord. Lumpkin. Lynde, McDowell, McKay, Mc-
Lane, Job Mann, Meade, Nicoll, Peas'ee, Petne, Pettit,
Peyton, Pilishury, Rhett, Richardson, Richey, Sawyer,
Simpson, Sim-5, Smart, Rohert Smith, Stanton, James
Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson.
Thurston, Venable, Wallace, Wick, Wiley, Williams, and
Woodwaid—63.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The other amendment was on agreeing with the
Committee of the Whole in striking out that part
I of the 12th section which extends the ordinance of
1787 over the Oregon Territory, which is in the
fallowing words:
"That the inhabitants of s^id Territory shall be entitled
to enjoy all and singular the rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties granted and secured to the people of the territory of ttre
United States northwest of the river Ohio, bv the artielcs'of
compact contained in the ordinance .for the government of
said territory, on the thirteenth day of Julv, seventeen hun-
dred and eighty-seven ; [and shall be subject to ail the con-
ditions, and restrictions, and prohibitions ?n said articles of
compact imposed upon the people of said territory,] and."
On agreeing to this amendment, the yeas and
nays were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barringer, Bavlv, Beale, Birdsall, Bocock,
Botte, Bowdon, Bowlin, ttovd. Brodhead, Wtn. G. Brown.
Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cabell, Chapman, Chase, Beverly L.
Clarke, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cocke,Crisfleld, Crozier, Daniel, Garnett Duncan, Alexan-
der Evans,Featherstori, Ficklin, Flournov, French, Fulton,
fiayle, Gentry, Gosgin, Green, Wjllard P. Hall. Haralson,
Harmanson, Harris, Haskell, Hill, HiJhard, Isaac E. Holmes,
George S. Houston, Inge, Charles'J. Ingersoll, Iverson,
Jameson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.
Jones, John VV. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas Butler
King, LaSSre, Ligon, Lumpkin, McClc-rnand, McDowell.
McKay, McLane, Miller, Outlaw, Pendleton, Pbelp=, PjUs-
bury, Preston, Rhett, Richardson,Robinson, Roman, Sawypr,
Shepperd, Simpson, Sims, Stanton, Stephens, Thibodeaux,
Thomas, Jacob Thomp>on, Robert A. Thompson, Tompkins,
Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wick, and Woodward—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, A&hrmm, Bingham,
Bianchard, Brady, Butler, Canbv, Cathcart. Franklin L'larfc,
Collarner, Collins, Conger, Cranston, Crowe!I? Cummins,
Darling, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Duer, Daniel Duncan,
Dunn, Eckert, Edwards, Embree, Nathan Evans, Faran,
farrelly, Fisher, Freedlev, Fries, Giddmg*, Gott, Gregoiv,
Gnnnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, Hammons, Ja=. G. Hamp-
ton, Moses Hampton, Henley,Henry, Elins B. Holmes, John
W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingetsoll,
Jenkins, Kellogg, Darnel P. King, Lahm, William T. Lau-
rence, Sidney Lawrenee, Lincoln, Lord, Lvnde, Maclay,
McClelland, Meilvaine, job Mann, Horace Mann. Mar>h,
Marvin, Morris, Mulhn, Nelson, Newell, Nicoll, Palfrey,
Pea-lee, Peck. Petrie, Pettit, Pollock, Putn.un, Reynolds,
Richey,Roekhill, Julius Rockwell, John A Rockwell, Rose, *
Root, Rumsey, St. John, Sehenck, Sheni'l, Silvester. Slin-
gerland, Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Roberi Smith, Truman
Smith, Starkweather, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart,
Strohm, Tallmadge, Taylor, James -Thompson, Richard W.
Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Turner, Tuck,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, White, Wiley,
Williams, and Wilmot—114.
So the House refused to concur with the com-
mittee in striking out.
The amendments having all been acted on—
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and be-
ing engrossed, was read a third time, and, under
the operation of the previous question, was passed
by yeas and nays: Yeas 129, nays 71.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
last vote; which motion.to reconsider was laid on
the table.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Asiimun, of Massachu-
setts, in the chair.)
The committee, on motion of Mr. VINTON,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the support of the army for the
year ending June 30, 1849.
Mr. VINTON said it was perhaps proper that
he should slate that the original army bill, which
was reported some five or six months ago, and
which was predicated upon the supposition of the
continuance of the war through the present fiscal
year, had, at a subsequent period, been recommit-
ted to the Committee of Ways and Means. That
was the bill that was, in fact, before the commit-
tee. He did not propose to ask that, it should be
read, but he sent up to the Chair the bill which
the Committee of Ways and Means had reported
as a substitute for that bill upon its recommitment.
It was No. 618. He offered it as a substitute for
the original bill, together with the following amend-
ment, to come in after line twenty-one.
[The amendment was read, and appropriates
$3,000,000 for the three months' extra pay granted
bv the act of the last month to the officers, musi-
cians, and privates of the army,]
He would briefly state the grounds on which the
new, or the substitute bill had been reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means. After the
resumption of peace with Mexico, the President
of the United States, as will be recollected by all
the members of the committee, had sent in a mes-
sage to Congress, recommending that the peare
establishment of the army should stand on the
basis on which it was placed by the act of 13th
