1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
scarce at the legal interest of2per cent, per month.
The Navy Department allowed only the amount
of the actual principal advanced in California,and
t'ne claimants came to Congress for reimburse-
ment of the amount due them for what they lost
by the unfavorable state of the exchanges.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, admitted the jus-
tice of the claim, but was desirous to know what
excuse could be made for leaving our squadron
without funds.
Mr. WESTCOTT replied that the funds de-
posited for the use of the navy had been diverted
from that object, and loaned to Colonel Fremont
and others, for the support of the land forces under
their command.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the bill granting to the State of
"Wisconsin the military reservation at Fort Win-
nebago, m said State; which, after being explained
by Mr. Walker, was read a third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill fiom the House placing
the sailors and marines serving in Mexico on the
same footing as officers and soldiers of the army;
and the bill was then read a third time and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending on
the 30th of June, 1849.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
various amendments offered, the most of which
were adopted.
The following amendment was submitted by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance;
For compensation and expenses of a commercial agent,
to be selected and sent abroad by tile President, to collect
information respecting the commerce, productions, and
statistics of Asia and Eastern Africa, $10,0Q0.
Mr. HALE moved to insert after the words
•'Eastern Africa," " and all other parts of the
world."
Mr. BENTON. Yes; " all other parts of the
world."
Mr. HALE. I'll withdraw it.
Mr. BENTON then made some observations in
opposition to the amendment, and went on to ex-
pose the manner in which the report of Mr. Aaron
V. Palmer had been prepared, being gleaned from
libraries, and picked up here and there. He had
no idea of countenancing such things, pressed on
members of Congress, as they were, in the most
indecent manner, their authors following mem-
bers, .like ghosts or shadows, from the Capitol to
their boarding-houses, and from their boarding-
houses to the Capitol. This was about the extent of
their journeys of exploration, and they were made,
not for the purpose of throwing any light on the
commercial condition of the world, but only to ob-
tain their votes for an appropriation. He disliked
this practice—to the existence of which every Sen-
ator could testify—of dogging members to and fro,
meeting them at every corner, and soliciting their
votes. Such men were to be seen daily about the
chambers of the Capitol and the boarding-houses.
But they never annoyed him. If they ever came
once, they took care never to repeat the visit.
Mr. PHELPS expressed some astonishment
that opposition should have come from that quar-
ter. He reminded the Senator from Missouri of
the generosity which had been displayed by the
Senate in publishing books upon books, and maps,
and tables, on the subject of California, and sug-
gested, that if the same liberality had been ex.
hibited with reference to all other countries, our
information as to the condition of the whole world
would be unparalleled by that of any other nation.
He thought this was a valuable amendment, as
commercial information concerning ^ countries of
which we have heretofore known nothing, could not
fail to be most valuable to the mercantile world.
He hoped the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. BENTON repelled with much warmth the
institution of any comparison between the useful-
ness of the books of Mr. Fremont and the report
of Mr. Palmer. Valuable as was the information
contained in the collection of Colonel Fremont's
books, he would rather they were burnt to-morrow
than be compared with such a work.
Mr. PHELPS assured the Senator from Mis-
souri that he was entirely mistaken; he had not
instituted any such comparison, nor did he place in
juxtaposition the relative merits of the two works.
He had voted for the information of Colonel Fre-
mont with great pleasure, knowing and feeling, as
he did, that it was invaluable to the country; and
in defending this amendment, hehad simply spoken
of the value of the information to be derived to the
commerce and trade of the country.
Mr. BENTON received the explanation with
the same kind feeling it was made.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atlierton, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Cal-
houn, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Davton,
Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, Fitzgerald, Greene, Hamlin,Hous-
ton, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson
of Georgia, Lewis, Mangurn, Niles, Phelps, Sebastian, and
Sturgeon—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Benton, Borland, Brad-
bury, Breese, Bright, Butler, Clarke, Douglas, Downs,
Fulfil, Hale, Huiller, King, Mason, Metcalfe, Miller, Spru-
anee. Underwood, Upham, Walker, Weateott,and Yulee—■
24.
The amendment relating to striking out the pro-
viso compelling the appointment of a captain in
the navy to the Clothing and Subsistence Bureau,
came up, and, after considerable debate, was so
amended as to read, that, when a vacancy oc-
curred, it should be filled up by the appointment
of a purser of not less than ten years' service.
The question was then taken on striking out
the proviso, as amended, and decided in the affirm-
ative: Yeas 23, nays 21.
When the vote was announced—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, said that he had
voted under a misapprehension, as did some other
Senators; and he therefore moved to reconsider the
vote.
The motion was agreed to.
The debate was briefly continued, when the
vote was again taken on the proviso, and decided
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton,Baldwin, Benton, Brad-
bury, Bright, Dix, Dodge, Downs, Felcb, Fitzgerald, Ham-
lin, Hannesan. Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Niles,
Walker, and Westeott—19. :
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Breese,
Butler, Calhoun, Clarke, Clayton, Davis of Mississippi,
Dayton, Dickinson, Foote, Gieene, Hale, Johnson of Mary-
land, Johnson of Louisiana, King, Lewis, Mangum, Mason,
Metcalfe, Miller, Phelps, Rusk, Sebastian, Spruance, Under-
wood, Upham, and yulee—30.
The proposition to allow the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to employ a clerk led to quite an
animated discussion, in which Mr. YULEE, Mr.
ATHERTON, Mr. NILES, Mr. MANGUM,
Mr. UNDERWOOD, Mr. HALE, Mr. FOOTE,
and Mr. HUNTER, took part.
A letter was sent to the Secretary to be read, by
the chairman of the Committee of Finance. This
letter was written by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, in which he proposed that the office of
Public Gardener should be abolished, and offered
to undertake the management of the public grounds,
on the conditions and terms specified in his letter.
The Committee on Finance, however, did not ^
adopt the suggestion; and the debate principally*
related to the merits of the Commissioner ofPublic
Buildings, and the efficiency of the present Public
Gardener.
Mr. FOOTE and Mr. NILES characterized Dr.
Douglas, the Commissioner, as an unsurpassed
geologist, a profound scholar, a perfect architect,
and an accomplished physician.
Mr. HALE pronounced Mr. Maher, the Public
Gardener, to be the best officer about the Capitol,
the Secretary excepted; and stated that to his
skill and watchfulness and industry it was to be
attributed that the Capitol grounds were not sur-
passed in beauty by any in the world. His
works (said Mr. H.) praise him.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Atlierton, Baldwin. Benton,
Butler, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, Downs, Fitzgerald. Foote,
Houston, Hunter,Lewis,Niles, Phelps,and TJnderwuoii—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Badser, Borland, Bradbury, Breese,
Bright, Calhoun, Clavton, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Mississippi, Dayton, Feleb, Hale, Hamlin, Hannegau, John-
son of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, King, Mangum, Ma-
son, Metcalfe, Mi'ler, Rusk, Spruance, Turney, Walker,
Westeott, arid Yulee—27.
The question then came up on the amendment
to purchase the bridges over the Eastern Branch,
and make them free of toll.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, advocated the
propriety of this measure as an act of justice to
the people of this District and of Maryland, and
read from certain statistical tables to show how
great a preponderance there had been in favor of
the Virginia over the Maryland side.
The proposition was then carried without a
division.
The amendment relating to the settlement of the
claim of the Spanish Government against the Uni-
ted States was passed over, at the suggestion of
some of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The next amendment was that to strike out the
appropriation for the removal of obstructions in
the Savannah river.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the
amendment, by inserting $50,000 for the improve-
ment of the dam at Cumberland Island, in the
Ohio river.
Mr. DIX gave notice of his desire, if that was
sustained, to offer a similar amendment for the
Hudson river, below Albany.
After some debate, the Senate adjourned with-
out taking any question.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 3, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted to terminate debate on the army appro-
priation bill in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union at twelve o'clock to-morrow,
(Friday.) The reason forhis motion was, that to-
morrow was the only day on which piivate bills
to which no objection was made, could be acted
on. There were a number of Senate bills of this
character on the Speaker's table; and in case the
debate on the army bill continued till to-morrow,
the result would be, that there would be no oppor-
tunity to act upon these bills this session. They
were appropriation bills to pay some of our honest
debts, and ought to have some portion of the time
of the House. With the view, therefore, of closing
the debate at two o'clock to-day, instead of wasting
the time in making speeches which had no refer-
ence to the subject before the House, and that a
little time might be spent in the consideration of
private bills which had passed the Senate, and to
which there was no objection, he moved that the
resolution be reconsidered.
Mr. VENABLE moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL demanded the yeas and
nays. He wanted to see who were in favor of
defeating all private business.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 81, nays 59.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. GRINNELL called for the orders of the
day—the call of the committees for reports.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee of Claims, to which was referred Sen-
ate bills for the relief of D. A. Watterson and for
the relief of Charles M. Gibson, reported the same
back to the House without amendment. Com-
mitted.
Mr. R. moved a suspension of the rules to en-
able him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That on Tuesday next, no other business shall
he m order but the consideration of Senate bills on the pri-
vate eaiendai, and the bills to winch there is no objection
shall first be considered 111 the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised the point of or-
der that the Committee of Claims had no right to
report such a resolution.
The SPEAKER replied, that this was a motion
to suspend the rules, made by the gentleman from
Connecticut on his own individual responsibility,
and that during the last ten days of the session
the motion to suspend was always in order.
Mr. COBB. Are we within the last ten days?
The SPEAKER. We are, unless Sundays are
counted. '
Mr. COBB. We count them when we draw
our pav.
The SPEAKER. We do not in cases of mo-
tions to reconsider, which are more in point.
The question on suspending the rules was put
and rejected.
On motion of Mr. FLOURNOY, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the petition of
William B. Crews, and it was laid on the table.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
