1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
On motion of Mr. LEWIS,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish to the Sen-
ate, ab soon as [jraeiio'ible, the originals or copies of the
maps of the valley of Mpxico from the surveys of Lieuten-
ants Bmith and Hardcastle, of the topographical engineers;
and also of the survey of the route from Vera Cruz to the
city of Mexico, by liieuteuant Hardcdstie, and the reports
of said officers accompanying the same.
OREGON.
The bill received from the House of Represent-
atives to establish a Territorial Government in
Oregon, was read a first and second time; when
Mr. CLAYTON rose, and referred to the fact
that a bill for the establishment of Territorial Gov-
ernments in Oregon, California, and New Mexico,
had passed the Senate, and was sent to the House
for concurrence. Of the fate of that bill, no official
communication has yet been made to the Senate.
But we have now a bill from the House for the
establishment of a Territorial Government in Or-
egon. Public rumor informs us that the Senate
bill to which he had referred, was at once, and
without even the courtesy of a reading, laid on
the table; so that, by the rules of the House, it
cannot be taken up again without a vote of two-
thirds in its favor. Now, as to this bill just re-
ceived, he was disposed to treat it with proper
respect, and to vote for its reference to the appro-
priate committee.
He had desired to make some remarks on the
bill which went from the Senate, because the char-
acter of the bill, and the course of the Select Com-
mittee, seemed to be greatly misunderstood. On
the one side, it was asserted that the North had
lost all her rights; while on the other, it was con-
tended, with as much boldness, that the South had
given up its rights. If both the North and South
have lost their rights, who has got them? He went
into a view of the bill, as the best answer he could
give to these contradictory complaints; and stated,
that it was the best measure that could have been
suggested for the settlement of this dangerous and
difficult question. He was sure that it secured the
right of appeal, and that, in referring it to the
Supreme Court, it adopted the very best course,
because the people, being law-abiding, would sub-
mit to the decision of that court, which occupied
the highest place in their confidence.
In the committee, the South had offered a num-
ber of propositions, all of which were rejected.
The South then called on the North to propose
something; but the North declined to offer any.
It was then, by a lucky accident, that the principle
of the compromise bill suggested itself, and that
bill was prepared and reported. No sooner was
it reported, than it began to provoke opposition
from every quarter. The bill had been called a
cowardly bill—a dodging, evasive measure. He
had foretold that no bill which could be reported
would abate the agitation throughout the country.
But he would ask the North, What have you
done? The members of the committee favorable
to the bill had assumed the responsibility of offer-
ing a bill to the Senate. Is any one else ready to
assume any responsibility? It appeared not. The
bill had been assailed from every quarter, but no
one had,the courage to present any counter-propo-
sition.
He then proceeded to reply, in detail, to the at-
tacks madeonthe bill by variousSenators,charging
on the Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] that his
argument against the bill was controverted by the
•fact that he had given a casting vote for the annex-
ation of Texas. He thought it impossible to settle
this question on any geographical line. He did
not believe that members would come back here
next session in better temper, and more disposed
to settle the question. He believed that the coun-
try was getting into an alarming condition. But
he would not cease to hope/ Although he stood,
like the man in the almanac, pierced through with
a thousand arrows, he would never cease in his
endeavors to bring this question to a settlement.
He micht fail now; but he would renew his efforts
hereafter. He would rely on the constitutional
mode of settling the question by the Supreme
Court. In this dark and gloomy hour, that was
the dial-plate which glittered through, and which
he trusted would guide us to a safe and harmo-
nious result. He moved to refer the bill to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. DOWN'S said, that he had suggested a di-
vision of the Territory of Oregon into two Gov-
ernments, the one embracing that part below thirty-
six degrees, and the other above. He would now
give notice of his intention to move an amendment,
which he sent to the chair, and which he asked
to have printed, embracing the principle of the
Missouri compromise.
Mr. BADGER rose to address the Senate.
Mr. KING said, there was no question before
the Senate.
Mr. DICKINSON. The question of reference
is not debatable.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator from North Caro-
lina will give way, I will make a motion to permit
him to proceed.
Mr. FOOTE hoped no friend of the compromise
would interpose an objection to the freest discus-
sion. He insisted that the Senator from North
Caiolina should proceed, as the Senator from Del-
aware had been permitted to do.
Mr. BADGER said he desired no permission.
He would, fot the sake of having an opportunity
to say a few words, move that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed. He then gave, briefly, some of
the reasons which had brought him to the conclu-
sion that the bill had surrendered the rights of the
South.
Mr. CLAYTON made a few remarks in reply.
Mr. BADGER withdrewhis motion to postpone.
The CHAIR decided that the Senator had no
right to withdraw his motion, without the consent
of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER appealed from the decision of the
Chair.
The appeal was laid on the table.
Mr. PHELPS expressed a hope that the bill
would be referred to a proper committee.- He de-
sired a free discussion, until the country should
wake up and understand the merits of the bill. He
was prepared to meet the responsibility of the po-
sition he had assumed; he was willing to meet his
constituents and to defend his course, and he had
no apprehensions about the result. He was deeply
indebted to his friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,] who had completely vindicated his (Mr.
P. 's) course, when he said that the bill surrendered
all the rights of the South. In that case, (said
Mr. P.,) I can no longe.r be charged with surren-
dering the rights of the !North. He desired the
bill to go to a committee, to look into this and other
statements which had been made here and else-
where. He had hoped he had sufficiently explained
his course, but it was not so: every breeze from
the North assailed him and the bill.
The committee who had charge of the bill were
sent there to perform certain duties. These duties
were not to go to fisticuffs in the committee-room
for sectional objects. He had a duty to his coun-
try to perform, and not a mere duty to a section.
If any objected to the bill, let them submit such
proposition as in their judgment would extricate
us from the embarrassment m which we are placed.
Mr. MANGUM moved that the Senator from
North Carolina have leave to withdraw his motion
for indefinite postponement.
Mr. BADGER said he did not wish for leave.
Mr. MANGUM withdrew the motion.
The question was then taken, by yeas and nays,
on the motion of indefinite postponement, and de-
cided as follows:
YEA—-Mr. Yulee—1.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atberton, Badger, Bald-
win. Bell, Benton, Borland, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Clarke,
Clayton, Coiwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, Downs, Felch, Fitz-
geiald, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,^Houston, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia. King,
Lewis, Mansuin, Mason, Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Peaice,
Phelps, Sebastian, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Turney, Upliam,
Walker, and Westcott—47.
Mr. FOOTE, when his name was called, stated,
by permission of the Senate, that he should vote
in the negative, not because he intended to commit
himself in support of the bill, (for he knew noth-
ing of its character,) but simply because he was of
opinion that every bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives ought to be received and treated with
due consideration and respect.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Territories.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending on the 30th
of June, 1849.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of those amendments of the Committee on Finance
not yet acted on.
The first amendment was that relating to striking
out the appropriation of $50,000 for the removal of
the obstruction in the harbor at Savannah river.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the amendment by inserting, after the word 'river,'
' caused by sinking vessels during the revolution-
ary war.'
This led to a brief debate; when the question was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the nega-
tive, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Clarke, Clayton,
Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Daytoil, Downs, Greene,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Metcalfe, Mil-
ler, Phelps, Spruanee, Upliam, and Westcott—18.
NAYS—Messrs, Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradbmy, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge. Douglas, Felch, Fitz-
gerald, Foote, Hamlin, Hannegan, Houston, Huntei, King,
Lewis, Mangum, Mason, Niles, Rusk, Sturgeon, Turney,
Walker, and Yulee—31.
After a brief debate, the question was taken on
agreeing with the committee to strike out the ap-
propriation, and decided in the affirmative by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atclrison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Davis of
Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge, Douglas, Down?, Felch,
Fit/.seiald, Foote, Hamlin, Ji.mnegan, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis?, Mason, Ntles, Phelps,
RunIc, Sebastian, Sturgeon, Turney, Walkei, and Westcott
—35
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Clarke, Corwin,
Davis, of Massachusetts, Dayton, Greene, Johnson ol Mary-
land, Johnson of Louisiana, Metcalfe, Miller, Pearce, Spru-
anee, and Upliam—15.
The next amendment taken up was for the in-
sertion of an appropriation of $50,000 for the ex-
tinguishment of the claims of the Spanish Govern-
ment against the United States; when—
Mr. BALDWIN rose and addressed the Senate
at great length, characterizing the claims not only
as preposterous, but as absolutely offensive to the
Govern m&it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, followed at some
length against the amendment.
Messrs. BADGER and BUTLER sustained the
amendment, and Mr. HALE spoke against it.
.And the question was taken on its adoption, and
decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Bell, Butler,
Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge, Downs,
Foote, Hannegan, Hunter, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson
of Georgia, Tvnia:, Lewis, Mangum, Mason, Pearce, Sebas-
tian, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Berrien, Bright, Clarke, Clay-
ton, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dix, Greene, Hale,
Hatnhn, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Metcalfe, Miller,
Niles, Rusk, Spruanee, Underwood, Upham. and Walker—
•21.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlugxist 4, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. GRINNELL rose to move a correction.
It was stated on the Journal that Mr. Grinnell,
from the Committee on Commerce, to which was
referred the Senate bill making- appropriations for
light-houses, light-boats, &c., reported the same
back to the House without amendment. The
entry on the Journal was incorrect; the bill was
reported back to the House with sundry amend-
ments. The Journal was corrected accordingly,
and was approved.
Mr. FRENCH moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to move that the Senate bill to com-
pensate Colonel R. M. Johnson for the use of the
Choctaw Indian Academy, lying on the Speaker's
taible, be taken up, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs: Ayes24, noes 42. Noquorum.
voting—
Mr. CHASE moved that there be a call of the
House. Disagreed to: Ayes 14, noes 104.
The question was again put on Mr. French s
! motion, and there were : Ayes 73, noes 63. Two-
I thirds not voting m the affirmative, the rules were
! not suspended. .
1 Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the private calendar. Rejected.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, of New York, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ashmun, of Mas-
sachusetts, in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
