1034
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 4,
Ifcrent sets of estimates—one predicated upon the
employment of one hundred men to the compa-
ny, another upon the employment of sixty-four,
and another of forty-two men to the company,
with the addition of those troops which had been
authorized to be raised since the commencement
of the Mexican war; and, as he had said the other j
day, whichever of these bases the committee saw |
lit to adopt, the blanks could be filled in half an j
hour. 1
Mr. BOTTS desired to ask a question of the j
gentleman : What difference did the gentleman j
propose by his bill to make between the peace es-
tablishment now, and the peace establishment at
the time the war with Mexico began?
Mr. VINTON had stated the other day, very
specifically, once or twice. He did not know
whether the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs had listened or not.
Mr. BOTTS said, if he had, he could not have
heard the srentleman from his seat.
Mr. VINTON would now repeat that this bill
was based on the supposition that the army would
be reduced back to what it was at the com-
mencement of the war with Mexico, with the ad-
dition of a company of engineers of 100 men,
who had been raised since the commencement of
the Mexican war; with the addition also of one
regiment of mounted riflemen, which consisted,
men and officers togpiher, of 1,181 men, and the
further addition of eight companies of artillery,
which had been added to the regular army since
the commencement of the war. If this bill, then,
became a law, the army would stand first where it
was under the peace establishment of 1842, and i
at the commencement of the war with Mexico, ;
with the addition of these eight companies of artil- j
lery, this regiment of mounted riflemen, and this |[
company of engineers. That would be the army, j1
Now, the gentleman from Virginia (the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs) had said j j
if this bill became a law, our army would be !
but 6,000 men. The gentleman had represented 1
him (Mr. V.) as a military man. He was not
very ambitious in that respect; but of one thing he
would assure the gentleman, whenever he under-
took any military exploit, he would know the num-
ber of the army he was to command. [A laugh.] ;
The gentleman said that under this bill the army ,
would consist of but 6,000 men: now, he had be-
fore him the returns of the Secretary of War, made !j
in December, 1845, which showed the army, under j
the peace establishment, (to which they proposed '!
to reduce it,) to consist of 6,040 men, rank and file, J
and 8,616 men, officers included. And, in addi-
tion, there were now eight companies of artillery,
this regiment of mounted riflemen of 1,181 men,
and this company of engineers of 100 men. That,
he would answer the gentleman, was the army of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARALSON said the whole amount of the
army in its different corps, after the discharge of j
those who were entitled to be discharged under the ;
existing law, would be 8,866. This was shown i
by a report in Executive document No. 75, com- |
m'unicated to the House on the 25th July. j
Mr. VINTON said it was always the case that j
there were vacancies to be filled up. These esti- j
mates were based on the supposition that these ]
vacancies would be filled up to the number of forty- j
two men in each company. If gentlemen would j
look into the bill, they would find an item in it -
providinc for enlistments, as a matter of course. ■
The estimates were on the supposition that the 1
companies would be filled up as the War Depart- !
ment was authorized to fill them, by enlistment, i
For instance, here was the estimate of the Com-
missary General of Subsistence, who, as a matter ji
of course, estimated for the number of persons i.
authorized under the bill as it now stood, with the jj
exception of those officers who received commu- 'j
tatiohs for their rations. But, instead of the j!
whole number of the army being but 6,000, as the jj
chanman of the Committee on Military Affairs jj
had stated, it was, as he had before said, exclusive ,i
of officers, 9,991, including employes and all per- jj
sons connected with the army. The Commissary jj
General, in making this estimate, had evidently jj
fatten into an error with respect to the nfie leg1"
incut of some 400 men. The Committee of j]
Ways and Means had asked estimates from the ;i
Secretary of War, based on the supposition that ^
the act of 13th May, 1846, should be repealed. U
The Commissary Genera! of the V/ar Department j
seemed to suppose that that would bring down this ;
rifle regiment—which was raised by a law subse-
quent to the law of 13th May, 1846—to 64 men 1
in the company, and had put down the number of i
the regiment at 765 men; whereas the repeal of
this act of May, 1846, would not touch this rifle I
regiment. That remained at 1,181 men, and the !
army, consequently, would be some 400 or 500 '
larger than provided for by the estimates which I
had been sent in to the committee. I
Mr. BOTTS said he had read the letter of the '
Secretary of War this morning, who thought it '
would require 5,000 men additional to protect the
country we had acquired from Mexico during this •
war. Now, if you took 5,000 men from the army
provided for by the Committee of Ways and .
Means, he desired to know what would be the ■
remnant of the army, and how much it would be j
reduced below what it was before the war? Accord- ■
ing to the gentleman's estimate, the army would
number something like 9,000 men under this bill. '
Take 5,000 fi'om them for the new territories, and 1
it would leave but 4,000. He asked the gentleman ,
if he would have thus reduced the army before the
war? and if he would not, why shoula he reduce j
it thus now? He asked that the communication 1
from the War Department be read. j
Mr. VINTON, (continuing.) That could be j
read after he was through. In reply to the gentle- |
man, he would say, if five thousand men were re- j
quired in Mexico and California, it would leave, ;
as a matter of course, about five thousand men at j
the disposition of the War Department for the j
protection of other parts in the United States. He j
had not seen the communication to which the gen- ;
tleman referred; but if five thousand men were '
required for the protection of New Mexico and ]
California, then he would be disposed to give those j
Territories back again. If five thousand men were j
required for their protection, and to carry out the
guarantees of the treaty, it must involve the Gov-
ernment in an annual expenditure of at least
$5,000,000 to protect these worthless Territories; :
and if that was the truth of the cjse, it was im-
portant for the country to know that this New
Mexico and California were to saddle this country
—to say nothing of the debt the war had brought
upon us—according to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with an annual expend-
iture of $5,000,000.
Mr. BOTTS. According to the Secretary of
War.
Mr. VINTON. Well; according to the Secre-
tary of War. Now, if that was the case, it were
better far for this country to give these Territories
up at once, and beg Mexico to take them back.
Mr. DICKEY explained, that he was in favor
of the bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, to reduce the army to what it was
before the war, and of making use of the estimates i
based on that supposition; but he should be for I
giving a discretionary power to the President of I
the United States to enlarge the number of the i
companies to be employed upon our frontiers in j
New Mexico and California,and he should restrict
the aggregate number to what was proposed in this
bill. At the proper time, he intended to propose j
an amendment to that effect. !
Mr. VINTON said, experience had shown that j
discretion thus vested was positive law. He was j
not for giving any such discretion. If there was '
to be any discretion of the kind, let the depart- j
ment come after it, and Congress would judge '
whether it should be given. If discretion was ;
conferred, the army would be carried up to the
maximum of the authority conferred upon the
President of the United Suites. Now, he did not
undertake to decide how many men it would re-
quire to protect New Mexico and California; but
this much he did know, if it should require any-
thing like the force that was stated now to be
estimated by the Secretary of War, it was a mis-
erable bargain we had made in getting this country.
He had heretofore stated the facts on which
these estimates were predicated, and on which the
bill was based. As a matter of course, the com-
mittee would have them all before them, and they
would hear what gentlemen had to say as to the
propriety of the increase of the army beyond what
was proposed m this bill. The Committee of
Ways and Means could not have desired to un-
dertake to fix what should be the military peace
establishment of this country; but they had acted
under the pressure of circumstances. The session
was so far advanced, and so near its end, that it
was not possible that they could have vindicated
themselves before the country, if they had neglected
to report a bill. The very fact that they were now
almost in the last hour of the session, and that the
consideration of this bill was just begun, showed
that, whoever had been tardy, the Committee of '
Ways and Means had not been in haste.
Mr. McLANE inquired if the gentleman meant
to make the necessary amendments in this bill to
provide for an additional force, either by refusing
to repeal the act referred to in the second section
of this bill, or by providing an additional regi-
mental force? He made the inquiry, because he
proposed, if the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, or any member of the Military
Committee did not, himself to offer such an amend-
ment, in lieu of the second section of this bill.
Mr. VINTON replied, that the Committee of.
Ways and Means were furnished with estimates
which would enable them to fill up the bill on the
basis of one hundred men to the company; they
were also furnished with estimates which would
enable the bill to be filled up on the basis of sixty-
four men to the company; and the bill, as it now
stood, was on the basis of forty-two men to the
company. But, as to additional regiments, as
a matter of course, the Committee of Ways and
Means had no estimates.
Mr. GENTRY. What would be the aggregate
number of the army, supposing the companies to
remain at sixty-four ?
Mr. VINTON. The Commissary General of
Subsistence estimates it at 13,115, exclusive of
officers; that was all the military establishment,
including employes and all connected with the
army. Exclusive of officers, on the basis of one
hundred men to the company, the aggregate num-
ber would be 20,292. and on the basis of forty-two,
as adopted in the bill, it would be 9,891.
Mr. McLANE (the floor being yielded) desired,
in explanation of an amendment he should offer,
providing for an increase of the army, to press,
upon the committee the urgent necessity for amod^
ification of this bill as it now stood before the com-
mittee. And he should venture to hope that
honorable gentlemen, who were unwilling upon
any terms to permit any portion of the army of
the United States to go to New Mexico or Califor-
nia at ail, would still, in view of the Texan fron-
tier, consent to the modification of this bill. He
did not believe the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means would refuse to send any force
to Oregon, and yet he did know that the force
which was necessary to go to Oregon, he would
send there with great reluctance. But he did not
believe that was the sense of this committee, and
he did not believe, if this question was fairly dis-
cussed, or fairly met by this committee, that they
would refuse to make the necessary addition to the
army of the United States. He did not believe
that any clamor, come from what quarter it might,
from the other side of this House, or from any
branch of this Government, would prevent this
Congress from giving ample protection to the west-
ern frontier of this country.
Now, it was idle, in his judgment, to say that
with 9,800 men we could take proper care of the
Atlantic fortifications, of the works on the sea-
board, and send a competent force to Oregon and
California. If Atlantic men, men on the seaboard,
were disposed to permit this loose idea of taking
care of their fortifications with twenty or thirty
men to prevail m this committee, with all respect
to the judgment of honorable men here, he would
assure them that the military men of the country,
who were competent, and who alone were compe-
tent to give them a correct opinion on this subject,
decided that ali four of the arullery regiments were
required upon the seaboard. One hundred and
eighty millions of dollars had already been invested
in fortifications along the Atlantic coast. A sug-
gestion controlling on this subject was, that when
the artillery had been withdrawn from the fortifi-
cations, and they were suffering on account of it,
that artificers and laborers had been hired by the
Engineer department at the rate of $25 or §30 per
month, to keep these works in order. His friend
from Illinois before him said they certainly could
not be needed. Would this committee believe
that this Government, after the artillery regiments
were withdrawn from these fortifications, would
hire laborers .and artificers to keep these works in
