1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10S5
orderif they were not needed? Now,he submitted,
with entire respect to the judgment of individuals
differing with him on this point, that they ought
to legislate on this question first with reference to
the artillery force being retained on the Atlantic
seaboard; and then there were but eight regiments
of infantry left, at forty-two men to the company,
when filled. Gentlemen must not forget that to
keep these companies up to forty-two men to the
company was impossible, as it was to keep them
full up to any standard. Vacancies must occur;
there must necessarily be a deficiency, sometimes
more, sometimes less. But, there would remain
only eight regiments of infantry for the western
frontiers of the United States. Ten companies at
forty-two men each, would be four hundred and
twenty men to a regiment; if we allowed twenty
men only for the deficiencies, there would be only
eightregiments, atfour hundred men, or three thou-
sand two hundred men, forthe wholemilitary force
of the United States. He had no other object in the
world than to do his duty, when he said he knew
it was idle to talk of three thousand two hundred
men protecting or garrisoning our western frontier
posts.
Now, he knew very well that he spoke to honor-
able gentlemen who were reluctant to increase the
standing army of ihecountry. He knew that honor-
able gentlemen on his own side of the House were
fixed in principle against any unnecessary increase
of the standing army. He knew honorable gen-
tlemen on the other side were active and zealous
in their repugnance to any increase of the standing
army growing out of this war; he knew they were
reluctant to add a single man to the army to take
charge of the frontier acquired by the war; and,
therefore, he chose to speak out his own judgment
that the three thousand two hundred men to con-
stitute the infantry force of this country were alto-
gether insufficient. Yet this was the basis of the
bill on which they were going to vote. Now,hon-
orable gentlemen must not say it will do to take a
regiment temporarily for Oregon, another ranger
regiment temporarily for Texas; for, whatever"in-
dividuals might say, this country knew tfiat these
ranger regiments needed always to become perma-
nent army regiments; and, until they became per-
manent army regiments, they disorganized rather
than promoted order. Colonel Dodge had recom-
mended the ranger regiment under him to be con-
stituted into a regular army regiment, to be placed
under the rules and articles of war, to be enlisted
in the same manner, and to be ufider the regular
army control and discipline; and it had become the
first regiment of dragoons.
He had thus stated the considerations which in-
duced him to desire this increase of force. He
would at once add an additional regiment to aid
the mounted regiment for the western frontier; but,
if the committee were unwilling to do this, then he
besought them to adopt the recommendation of the
President of the United States, and strike out the
second section of this bill, which repealed the act
of 13th May, 1346, thus leaving with the President
the discretion to keep the army up to seventeen
thousand men, if required for the western frontier,
and for the Atlantic seaboard, and to reduce it to
sixty-four men to the company, which would be
some twelve thousand or thirteen thousand men,
if it was found that a larger force was not re-
quired.
Mr. VINTON further yielded to—
Mr. TOOMBS, who said that he had proposed,
in the Committee of Ways and Means, to reduce
the army down to the peace establishment as it
existed before the Mexican war, which the com-
mittee had agreed to. They had accordingly re-
ported a section to repeal the act of May 13,1846,
which gave the President discretion to carry up
- the number of men in each company to one hun-
dred, or to ieduce it to sixty-four, as in his judg-
ment the public exigencies required. By simply
repealing that act, they let down the army to the
old peace establishment, with the addition of the
rifle regiment, eight companies of artillery, and the
company of sappers and miners.
Now, if the standing army under the peace
establishment was to be increased, he desired it to
be done openly. The President of the United
States, when he sent in his message congratulating
the country upon the peace, had delivered a homily
against an increase of the standing army, and in
that very message, with his characteristic treat-
ment of a subject, had recommended to Congress
to double the army ! While he, delivered to this
House and the country, as the Executive-of the
Union, a homily against a standing arrfiy', he pro-
posed to carry up the number in the companies
from forty-two to one hundred men—more than
doubling them—proposing an increase of fifty-
eight men to every company in the army of the
United States! Now, let the President come out
boldly and tell the countfy that the standing army
ought to be increased; that it ought to be more
than doubled, if the public exigency required it.
Instead of this enormous increase of our standing
army in time of peace, which the President saw fit
covertly to recommend, he (Mr. T.) was opposed
to a standing army. He would not have one,
however small, upon this continent to-day, if he
could help it. Our Government rested upon the
people, not upon a standing army. With 10,000
men we had marched into Mexico, conquered the
country, and reduced her to our power; and now,
| the war being closed, peace having been restored,
; the President, in the same message in which he
congratulated the country upon it, recommended
that the army should more than doubl'e that num-
ber for a permanent peace establishment. General
Scott, when he captured the city of Mexico, ac-
cording to the official reports—which he (Mr. T.)
| acknowledged he had great difficulty in under-
| standing—had only 10,000 men, yet the President,
j while he said he did not want any increase of the
| army, asked for authority to double that number
! for the peace establishment!
I The gentleman from South Carolina, who was
! a member of the Military Committee, [Mr. Burt,]
' proposed, he understood, to offer an amendment—
which was highly beneficial,and forwhich he (Mr.
T.) should vote—which was not to increase the
aggregate number of men beyond that proposed m
this bill, but to allow the President to carry up the
companies which were sent to California and New
Mexico to one hundred men, but not to inciease
the aggregate number. He was in favor of that.
He would not increase the army aboV-e 10,200
rft'en, officers included.
Mr. McLA'NE inquired if it -<vas prbpo^ed to
take the men from the companies on the seaboard
to fill up these western companies?
Mr. BURT explained that his proposition was
to fix the number of the army for the peace estab-
lishment. He would prefer to have the peace es-
tablishment greater than that proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means. He would prefer
to have the privates of the army amount to about
10,000 men, which would be a slight increase. But
no matter what might be the force—be it 10,000 or
8,000—his proposition in relation to the organiza-
tion of that foice was this: that forty-two should
be the basis of a company of artillery, dragoons,
and infantry; and that the President should have
the drscjetion, if the exigencies of the service re-
quired it, to increase the companies on particular
duty to one hundred men; that 110 company should
be carried below forty-two men, and no company
should be increased above one hundred. It was
krlotyn that the forces which were to be sent 16
Oregon, California, and New Mexico, should con-
sist of a larger number of rank and file to the com-
pany, than the companies which garrisoned the
forts and other posts within the limits of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. TOOMBS understood the gentleman from
South Carolina that the aggregate force should not
exceed 10,000. Now, he could not carry some
companies up to one hundred, unless he reduced
some below forty-two, without he increased the
aggregate. The thing could not be done. He was
opposed to any such mode of increase of the army;
to that mode as much as any other. The greatest
danger of a standing army was, that you put it
in the discretion of the President to increase it.
■ There should be no discretion except where the
!| law could not speak. It was against the funda-
i; mental principles of a republican government to
place a standing military force in the hands of the
Executive.
Another reason: There was no greater neces-
sity for the increase of our military force now
than there was from 18*21 to 1846, except the ac-
quisition of New Mexico and California. We had
given two regiments for them already. Then send
on the men. If they were sent on, they were
enough to keep in check all the Indians in New
Mexico, Oregon, and California. This thing was
going on to ah alarming extent. If we permitted
the peace establishment of the army to be increased
one man, it would go on increasing until tffe army
killed the Government under the weight of its cor-
ruption.f He would to God that this House would
immediately disband every man in the regular
army. Freemen did not want their lives, their
persons, and property defended by hired merce-
naries. We should not have a standing army of
a man in time of peace. When we Shut the doors
of the temple of Janus, we ought to strip off the
epaulets from every man in the Republic, to put
the^ soldiers to work, and let the officers return to
their other employments.
He was, then, in favor of the lowest standard—
of forty-two men to the company. He called upon
Republicans on all sides of the House to stand by
the old Republican platform, and keep the army
down. It wss growing day by day. We could
call our citizen-soldiers by thousands upon any
emergency. If it cost ten times as much, it was
better than to be saddled with a large standing
army, keeping them for years—a source of cor-
ruption and great danger to the Republic—in pre-
paration for some emergency which might arise.
They had gloriously shown their readiness and
their ability to defend their country on every bat-
tle-field in Mexico.
It was important, then, he admitted, to increase
the companies which were sent to New Mexico,
California, and Oregon. He was in favor of that
amendment. But he would not increase the ag-
gregate of the army. That was the difference
between his friend from South Carolina and him-
self.
Here Mr. Vinton's hour expired, and the com-
mittee proceeded to the consideration of amend-
ments under the rule allowing five minutes' ex-
planations.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the second section, so as to make the maximum
number of men 64, instead of 42, for each com-
pany, He believed, in the main, with the gentle-
man from Georgia, that it was not necessary that
this country should keep up a large standing army;
tfut it had been the policy of this Governmen t from
its commencement to keep up an army of some
sort. The question, then, was, to what should it
be reduced? It would be well to examine what
had been our history in this respect in times of
peace, and whether we have a larger force than
we required. What was our army m 1808, 1809,
1810, and 1811, a time of peace, when Jefferson
and Madison made every effort to produce econ-
omy in the expenditures of the Government? He
stated the number of dragoons, infantry, and artil-
lery in the economical times of Jefferson, the ag-
gregate of which was 9,170. In the then condition
of our country, that was the number of our army.
But he appehended that a larger forcc than that
would now be requisite. It must be borne in mind
that we have but just terminated a war with Mex-
ico. At the close of the war of 1812, as now, it
became a matter of great consequence to reduce
the army, and the best judgment of the country
was brought to bear on the question at that time.
The result was, that the rank and file was limited
to 10,000; and such was the state of the army
from 1815 to 1821. In 1821, a great effort was
made to break down the army, and the effoit then
made to reduce the army below the standard at
which it then stood was productive of great mis-
chief. He was well satisfied that 42 as the maxi-
mum of companies would be insufficient. General
Atkinson had six companies of 42 men, making
252, in the Black Hawk war; and if he had had
64 men in each company, it was not too much to
say that many things which then occurred would
have been avoided, and much, very much of the
money then spent would have been saved. Then
again, in the Florida war, General Clinch had six
companies, whose maximum was 42, and, as in
the case of General Atkinson in the Black Hawk
war, we had reason to regret that the number was not
greater. If each company had consisted of 64 or 100
men, those two companies, which together amount-
ed to but 65 men, Svould in all human probability
not have been cut off, and their massacre would
have been prevented. Look, tfto, at the condition
of General Taylor at Corpus Christi, whose com-
panies did not average more than 30 men each.
He appealed to the committee to make each com-
pany consist of 64 men, and this would swell the
army only to, 13,U00, which was not an extrava-
gant number in the present condition of the coun-
