1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 4,
try, as compared with its position in the days of
Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison, when it amounted
to 10,000.
Mr. DICKEY moved to amend the amendment
by striking out and inserting a provision authorizing
the President to increase the privates of each com-
pany of dragoons, artillery, and infantry to any
number not exceeding; one hundred, whenever he
may deem the exigencies of the public service to
require it, provided that at no time shall the army
exceed ten thousand. He said he was in favor of
the section as reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means, which would reduce the army to its
condition at the breaking out of the Mexican war,
but he desired to add an amendment to give the
discretion to the President to increase the compa-
nies of any regiment to one hundred men when in
his judgment the exigencies of the service re-
quired it; but he would not increase the aggregate
number of the army. He would give this discre-
tion to the President, amongst other reasons, that
he might increase the rank and file of the regi-
ments which were called for by the Executive for
the protection of Oregon and of the territory which
we have acquired in Mexico.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment of Mr.
Dickey out of order at this time.
Mr. BOTTS then moved to amend the amend-
ment so as to fix the basis of the companies at
sixty-four men, but with authority to the Presi-
dent to increase to one hundred such companies as
he may employ for the protection of the Territo-
ries, by taking the requisite number of men from
other companies. He said the adoption of this
amendment would increase the army to twelve
thousand eight hundred and thirty-three men,
rank and file. "When we went into the Mexican
war our army consisted of nine thousand; but we
have acquired a vast territory, besides Oregon, for
which the department has called for several thou-
sand men. Take the number requisite for that
service from twelve thousand eight hundred and
thirty-three, and there would remain less than
when the Mexican war began. There was no ne-
cessity for such a reduction of the army as had
been contended for. He was no advocate for a
large standing army, more than other gentlemen
were; but he did not indulge in the extravagant
notions of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
TeoMBs] respecting the disbanding of the army,
and putting those of whom it was composed to
honorable employment. They were in honorable
employment. What could be more honorable
employment than the protection of the lives of
their fellow-citizens, in which they exposed them-
selves to the extrempst hardships at all seasons of
the year? In his judgment they had acquired by
this war a very hard bargain if their acquisition
were taken at nothing. He would not have taken
it at any price; but, in the discharge of his duty
as chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
he did not act on Ins own views; he was, there-
fore, not willing to give up those Territories to
Mexico, and the money that we had to pay for
them besides. He expected that this Government
would provide a sufficient military force to take
care of the country which has been acquired.
We have acquired these territories by the loss !
of thousands of valuable fives and millions of mo- I
ney, and millions more we have to pay for them. I
Look, then, at Mexico. She is now engaged in j
a revolutionary movement, which may probably |
succeed; and if it does, what is to become of the |
territories we have acquired, and for which we j
have to pay £)15,000,000J Would they leave them 1
to those who were to engage in the great buffalo j
hunt, which was to be got up to revolutionize
Mexico and probably the United States of Amer-
ica5 Was that what gentlemen intended? If pro-
vision were not made to protect it, and it was not
taken by the butfalo hunters, perhaps Paredes
would take it; and did they mean to leave Santa
Fe and California in a helpless condition, thus ex-
posed? No; whatever his private opinions might
be, his duty as chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs an d as a member of this House, should
be faithfully discharged; and when the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] appealed to the Re-
publican members of this House to put down this
army, he (Mr. Botts) would add the expression
of a hope that they would aid m arresting the pre-
vailing spirit of aggression and acquisition.
Here his allotted five minutes expired, but he
asked permission to have read by the Cieik sev-
eral communications on this subject from the Sec-
retary of War an& the Adjutant General, and they
were read accordingly.
Mr. DUNCAN expressed his approval of the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, and he
adopted it as a part of his own proposition.
Mr. FICKLIN submitted a proviso as an amend-
ment to the amendment, to provide that at least
three-fourths of the army should be kept in Ore-
gon, California, New Mexico, and west of the
Mississippi. On this amendment he proceeded to
argue in favor of a reduction of the army. He was
for reducing the companies to 42 men, which was
a basis sufficiently large for ad the purposes of de-
fence of this country. He concurred fully and en-
tirely with the remarks of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] The expenses of the
army and the navy too should be reduced; for he
looked upon it as certain that if they were to be
allowed to swell year after year, they would soon
sink with their own weight and corruption. He
contended that a large force was not necessary, for
a small force would protect the forts on the Atlantic
seaboard, and then we had only the newly-acquired
territory and Oregon to take care of. Having made
his remarks, he withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BARRINGER, on a pro fonna motion,
said he should vote for the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr, Botts,] which had
been adopted by the gentieman from Kentucky, '
[Mr. Duxcan.] He was as much opposed as any ;
gentleman m this House to a large standing army; 1
but what was meant by a large standing army?
They must have an army to meet the exigencies i
of the country. In times of peace, they all under- 1
stood a standing army to mean, in military phra- !
seology, a mere skeleton, with more officeis than '
men. Our country has acquired new relations, •
new duties, and new difficulties within the last two |
years. We have new relations with new Mexico i
and California, to the shores of the Pacific. We ;
have acquired an extensive frontier of some six-
teen hundred miles, and we require a larger force '
for their protection. On the Pacific, at San Fran-
cisco, and eisewhere on that coast, we must have
forts; and hence the committee would see that he
was right m saying that we have new duties de-
volving upon us in consequence of our new rela-
tions. But we have other duties arising out of
the treaty with Mexico, to which the attention of
the committee had not been called.
By the 11th article of the treaty, it wasengaged,
on the part of the United States, not only that per-
sons taken by the Indians shall be recaptured,
but that we will punish all encroachments of the
savages into the territory of Mexico. Here there
was a very important duty. New Mexico and
California were surrounded by the Carnanches,
who were able to bring 12,000 or 15,000 warriors
into the field, and we have not only engaged to
punish their invasions, but to prevent then*. Com-
panies, then, of sixty-four men were not larger than
would be sufficient to defend the seaboard on the
east, and thatgieat countiy on the west. If sixty-
four men weie fixed as the basis of companies, it
was not probable that they would average more
than fifty; but the advantages of adding twenty-
two men to a company would more than counter- -
balance the cost. As had been already said, with
this basis our army would amount to about 13,000
men; and he appealed to gentlemen if that number 1
was more than sufficient, with our enlarged bound- !
aries and our new relations into wluca we have
entered by treaty stipulations:
Here his tnne expired, and he withdrew his '
amendment.
Mr. DICKEY then renewed the amendment
which he had before submitted, to give the Piesi-
dent a discretion to inciease companies to 100 men
in emeigenaes, but not to increase the aggregate
of our army beyond 10,000.
Mr. McKAY entered into some explanations to
show that there was no necessity for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr, Dux-
can] while the law of the 13th of May, 1846,
remained operative. He, howeter, expressed ins
willingness to give a discretion to the President to
increase the rank and file of those companies that
may be employed in Oregon and the newly-
acquired Mexican territories to 100: and that was
all that the Secretary of War asked. He proposed
to offer an amendment in accordance with his :
views.
Mr. HALL, of New York, moved to amend the \
amendment by striking out all thereof, and insert-
ing:
And that the maximum number of privates in each ofthe
companies of the dragoons, artilierv, mfentry, and mounted
riflemen of the army of the Umted'Statfs, shall not hereaf-
ter exceed forty-two: Provided, That the President may, m
his discretion, increase the number of privates in each of
the companies, nut exceeding sixty, which thai! at any time
hp ordered and kept in the permanent service in the Terri-
tories, to such number, not excevdinjr one hundred to each
company, as he may tfuriK discreet; and may order such
transfers from and to the diffeient compdiiieo as may be ne-
cessary for that purpose JinA provided. further, That the
whole number of privates, including the company of engi-
neers and the enlisted men of ordnance, at any nne time m
the service, shall not exc cod 9,160 menjai.d mat the number
of women and employs belonging to, or at any tune attacbcd
to the army,-hall not exceed one thousand.
In explaining the grounds of his amendment,
Mr. H. observed that the army, as it existed
before the commencement of the Mexican war,
had consisted of 7,040 privates—the total number
being 8,616. This amendment limited the number
of privates to 9,060. It proposed to fix the number
of men to a company at forty-two; but it allowed the
President to increase the companies that might be
employed in the Territories to one hundred men
each: beyond this he could not-go. There would
be fifty per cent, more privates in the whole army
than there had been before the war.
The amendment of Mr. Hall was carried, on a
count by tellers: Ayes 76, noes 42.
' The question then recurring on the amendment
as amended—
Mr. FICKLIN moved to add a proviso that
three-fourths of the total number be kept west of
the Mississippi.
Mr. F. observed that there would be some
twenty-eight hundred officers in the army on the
basis proposed: and the whole influence of this
body of men would be exerted, in all probability,
to keep the body of the army on the Atlantic
seaboard, because there they would have more
agreeable quarters, and would be surrounded with
more of the luxuries of life. But he was confident
that one-fourth of the number of troops would be
quite &utiicient to garrison the forts, and do what-
ever was required in preserving the public prop-
erty here. The manual labor required was most
of it done by artificers hired for the purpose; the
number of soldiers actually needed at the posts on
the Atlantic would not absorb certainly more than
one-fourth of the army.
Mr. HARALSON asked why the gentleman
should have such a want of confidence in the offi-
cers of the army; and in the President and the War
Department, as to suppose that they would not
keep the army where its presence was most needed?
He did not mean any reflection on the gentleman
from Illinois, but he might be allowed to say that
military men were at least as competent judges
where troops were most needed. And did the
getleman believe that they would fail to send them
there?
Mr. FICKLIN said that, to confess the truth,
his main object in offering the amendment was a
desire to relieve the President from the annoyance
of the crowd of people that would be constantly
pressing upon him.
Mr. McKAY said there would be considerable
difficulty in the adoption of this amendment, how-
ever proper it might be in the object intended.
The President was, under the Constitution, com-
mander-in-chief of the land and naval forces of the
United States, and the House, as a legislative
body, had no power to direct the movements of
either. They might limit the number of the army,
and make all the necessary provision for its sup-
port; but when they had done that, all the rest was
under the sole control of the President. The quar-
tering and disposition of the army belonged to him.
Mr. FICKLIN inquired how, then, the House
could authorize the raising of troops for Oregon?
Mr. McKAY said that it was very true that the
words of the act designated the regiments to be
raised as intended for service in Oregon, or at the
posts on the way; but so much of u as made any
designation of the place where they were to serve,
was of no force. The Constitution placed the un-
limited control of the movement of the military
force, raised for the service and defence of the
country, m the hands of the President.
Mr. FICKLIN said he should not press his
amendment, and he thereupon withdrew it.
The question now being on the amendment of
Mr. Duncan, of Kentucky, as amended on motion
of Mr. Hall, of New York, as above stated—
