1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
Mr. DUNCAN", of Ohio, moved an amendment,
providing that the officers afid men of the regiment
of mounted riflemen who had recently returned
from Mexico should, on application, be honorably
dischaiged.
Mr. D. said that two years ago this regiment
had been raised professedly for the purpose of
being employed in guarding posts on the route to
Oregon and in the public service there. Almost
the entire regiment had been recruited within his
State, and two of the companies had been mustered
in his own immediate neighborhood. But on the
breaking out of the war, this body of men had
been discharged from the order to serve in Oregon,
and had been sent to Mexico, where they were
engaged in fighting under the gallant Riley, from
Vera Cruz up to the gates of the city of Mexico.
Many of them were sons of wealthy and respecta-
ble farmers, who were partly induced to enlist by
the prospect of getting farms in Oregon. Out of
six hundred who had left their homes buoyant
with health, hope, and patriotic ardor, but one
hundred and eighty bad returned, broken in health,
spirits, and constitution. All they asked now,
after so terrible a saeiifice, was that they'might be
honorably discharged. The interests of the ser-
vice would not suffer by granting their request, as
thousands more stood ready to take their places.
The adoption of the amendment would be the means
of giving peace to many bereaved families, and of
restoring many worthy young men to usefulness in
life. They had rendered more service and far
harder service, in the one year they had been in
Mexico, than if they had served five years in Ore-
gon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOMPKINS introduced an amendment ap-
propriating §160,000 for continuing the pay arid
subsistence of the regiment of voltigeurs and the
rocket corps.
, He said that he made this motion at the earnest
solicitation of a number of the officers of our army.
The regiment to be continued was one of the most
efficient corps in the service. In looking at the
history of the late Mexican war, we found them
occupying a conspicious position in every battle.
They had opened the conflict. They had fired the
first gun. They constituted at once a squadron of
horse and a corps of sharp-shooters. They were
the best conceivable soi t of force to fight the Ca-
manches on our western frontier, being swift in their
movements and striking heavy and effectual blows.
The eldest surviving officers of the regiment were
Major Talcottand Captain Johnson—and fittermen
to command it could not be found. The corps
would do credit to the army, and render effectual
service in the defence of the country.
Some conversation arising as to the proper place
for such an amendment in the bill—
Mr. TOMPKINS said he would withdraw it for
the present until the proper time and place came to
move it again.
Mr. GENTRY moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out the whole of the second section as amended.
He said he understood that, if this section should
be stricken from the bill, the existing law, which
allows sixty-four men to a company, would remain
in force.
Mr. TOOMBS said he was mistaken as to the
law: it raised the number of men in a company to
one hundred, and permitted the President to reduce
that number to sixty-four.
Mr. GENTRY said, as he understood the law,
it fixed the number in a .company to sixty-four,
and allowed the President to raise it to one hun-
dred. [Voices: " Yes, that's it "] That was the
law now, and the President in his message recom-
mended that that be adopted as the standard for
our peace establishment. The President recom-
mended few things that Mr. G. approved, but this
was one which he could and did approve. The
chairman of the Committee of WV.ys and Means
had told the House of the vast expense it would
cost to keep up an army on this scale. No doubt
it would cost a great deal of money, but what were
we to do' We had got by treaty new and vastly
extended territories; and m that treaty we had
bound ourselves to protect the inhabitants from
Indian depredations. We had promised this, and
Ave must keep our faith inviolate, ys/e should re-
quire a considerable mounted force in each of these
Territories. The report of the Adjutant General
estimated the requisite force to be. kept up at eleven
thousand men. Hia estimates were made on the
! basis of sixty-four men to a company. With this
strength for our army, we might preserve peace on
the frontier, and m New Mexico and California.
But if, out of a mistaken economy, we should
suffer ourselves to get into a war with the Indian
tribes, it would cost us far more than it would
have done to make the army efficient. As to using
the militia, and taking volunteers to pine and lan-
guish in garrisons, he was utterly opposed to it.
If it was a great evil to be obliged to keep up so
large a military force, the fault lay in the wrong
policy which had triumphed in the councils of
the country, and had brought the burden of these
< new and useless conquests on our hands. But
much as he disapproved that policy, much as
he had labored to oppose it, and deeply as he
I deplored its consequences, nothing should ever
' induce him to shrink from the responsibility,
cost what it would, of maintaining the good faith
of the country. He was as much opposed to a
large standing army as any man could be; but he
would curry favor nowhere by reducing our mili-
tary force improperly, and disabling ourselves
from giving effectual protection to those we had
bound ourselves to defend. He should ever be
ready to vote for what he believed his country
needed to her duty and her honor. This army,
they had been told, would cost the country five
millions of dollars a year. He could not help that.
If we needed that number of troops, we must have
them, and we must pay for them. The old army
that we had before the war would not now be
sufficient to garrison the forts and protect the new
Territories. We must have men enough to do this.
As to doing without a military force, it was what
he did not expect till the millennium should come.
For one, he wished it would come; but till then we
must have an army proportioned to the country we
inhabited. The views of his friend from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] were ultra radical. To keep up a
standing army, to some limited extent, had been
the fixed policy of this country from the days of
Washington till now. It was only a skeleton
army, capable of expansion when necessity arose.
It was preserved as a nucleus, around which we
might gather a greater force, and it must be main-
tained. We were bound—we had bound ourselves
by treaty stipulations; and lie was for keeping
good faith. He should therefore give his vote for
placing the army on the footing recommended by
the President and estimated for by the War De-
partment.
Mr. TOOMBS said that the better reasoner a
man was, the surer he was to go wrong if he started
wrong. Now, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] was wrong in his facts, and, therefore,
i he was wrong in his argument. The gentleman
j talked of our needing fifteen regiments tokeepNew
! Mexico and California quiet, when we had con-
i quered them with three. Yes, three regiments had
■ conquered the country, and now it was conquered,
three regiments were" amply sufficient to keep all ,! ness in it. No sooner had we any difficulty abroad
returns would show that it had cost us seven hun-
dred dollars a man. He still insisted that three
thousand men would be enough to enable us to
keep our faith with Mexico, old and new.
Mr. VINTON here again read the suftimary of
the estimates from the department, at the several
rates of forty-two, sixty-four, and one hundred
men to a company.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, expressed him-
self as opposed to any increase in the army at all
from what it had been before the war. He did not
believe there was the least need of it. It was said
we must have a great army, because our territories
were so vastly enlarged and our frontier propor-
tionably extended. Our frontier was not much
enlarged by these new territories. Yes, but the
Camanches ! we must keep them in order. Well;
and were not the Camanches on our border before ?
And could not we easily manage them ? Two regi-
ments of dragoons were amply sufficient to keep
the whole Indian border quiet. The officers would
agree to do it by the job, and be glad of the con-
tract, without another man. It was natural that
officers should like to see a large army under
them: it was human nature. But that was no
reason why the nation should raise and keep up
a great army to gratify them. Some gentlemen
seemed to think that, as a matter of course, our
army must be made larger and larger. Why? Be-
I cause our population and our wealth increased.
] But did they forget that, as our wealth and num-
bers grew, our power increased with them ? Our
\ name itself was a host. If any disturbance arose
' on the border, in one week we could have more
i rangers on the spot than there were enemies to
< put down, and that before there was time to call
out the regulars. Suppose that volunteers did cost
a little more, that cost was momentary, while a
' regular army was a permanent tax. But the Pres-
i ident recommended it. What if he did? No mat-
ter where the calls came from, Mr. B. would never
, vote a single dollar to increase the army by a sin-
, gle man.
; Mr. JAMESON next addressed the committee
! in favor of striking out, and of a larger force, but
I he was very imperfectly heard. He dwelt on the
1 exposure of the frontier, and the danger of an In-
j dian war.
! Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, wanted to
I read a letter from the Secretary of War—
{ But Mr. JAMESON said he did not care for
I any man's letter. Government had placed all the
' Indians in a mass on our western frontier, and
; had now brought thousands more, and they were
bound to keep there a sufficient military force to
; compel peace. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
was supposed to be a man of sense—of improved
i mind, and a statesman. How could he be in fa-
' vor of putting back the army, under such circum-
' stances, to the old standard before the war? There
was no reason in it; there was no justice nor fair-
the Indians quiet, and the Mexicans too
Mr. GENTRY said we wanted a large force to
man all our posts.
Mr. TOOMBS said it was all imagination—a
pure fancy sketch. Mr. T. said that five thousand
men were enough for every purpose. The gentle-
man said it would take fifteen thousand. He might
as well have said fifty thousand, or one hundred
thousand at once, for it was all fancy. He had j
shown no documents to prove it, and he might as j
well conjecture one number as another. The gen- j
tleman talked about our treaty stipulation to pro- j
tect the people of New Mexico and California. No I
doubt we were bound to protect all our citizens, i
and not the more bound because it was in the ;
treaty. He merely recognized the duty; but we -
had enough in the bill as it stood; enough, and 1
more than enough, to do all that. The gentle- j
man wanted a big army. He said the Adjutant '
General estimated for eleven thousand. No doubt ;
the Adjutant General wanted a big army. All offi- j
cers liked a big army: it was natural they should.
He said, m his report, that the old army—such as we !
had before the war—was repudiated. It was not; it ;
had never been repudiated. General Jones wanted
one hundred thousand men, if he could get them.
Military officers were always extravagant in their
notions and their requisitions. The old army had
never been repudiated. There was not a word of
truth in it. It had never been altered till this war
commenced. Was that " repudiating" it ? It had
been changed when we went into this war, and the
than gentlemen were for raising a force in a mo-
| inent: we must arm, we must fight. But when
i difficulties far more threatening to our own people
! in the interior arose on the frontier, oh! a regiment
; was enough. When once an Indian strife began,
1 it would cost blood and money before it was quiet-
! ed—ten times more than would have kept up the
i force that would have effectually pievented it.
• They demanded protection, if it could not be
done without a standing army, let us have it—not
| an army to be a terror to liberty, but enough to
I protect the country and preserve peace on the bor-
! ders.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved an
1 amendment to enable him to read a statement upon
< which he relied, to the effect that five thousand
' men would be sufficient to garrison the whole
western border; and, after explanation, he with-
. drew it.
Mr. McKAY renewed the motion, for the pur-
pose of correcting misapprehensions which had
' been fallen into by gentlemen, especially by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry.] as to
what was the recommendation of the President's
! message. He asreed with the gentleman from
I Tennessee, that in fixing the military peace estab-
lishment, proper respect should be paid to the
! opinions of the President, who was the chief ex-
; ecutive officer, who was intrusted with the execu-
■ tion of the laws, and with the preservation of peace.
! He read from the message of the President com-
I municating the treaty of peace with Mexico, m
