1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which the President expressed the opinion that
the old peace establishment, before the war with
Mexico, would be sufficient. This old peace es-
tablishment (said Mr. McK.) was on the basis of
forty-two men to each company. He understood
that the President contemplated the continuance,
also, of the additional force authorized during the
war, viz: of the eight companies of artillery, one
company of engineers, and the regimentof mounted
riflemen. He also read from the Secretary of War,
showing: that hp asked for authority to increase the
companies who were to be detached for the ser-
vice in the Territories to one hundred men each.
That was his express recommendation; he did not
ask the increase of all the companies, but of these
particular ones.
Mr. HALL, of New-York, on a pro forma
amendment, said the amendment which he had
proposed, and which had been adopted by the
committee, provided that the President should
have authority to fill up sixty companies for ser-
vice in the Territories to one hundred each, and
that it conferred all the authority which the gen-
tleman from North Carolina understood to be
recommended by the President.
Mr. McKAY explained that he understood that
that part of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York which provided for filling up these
sixty companies to( one hundred men, proposed
that it should be done by reducing the other com-
panies below forty-two men.
Mr. HALL said the gentleman was partly right
and partly wrong. For the purpose of filling up
sixty companies to one hundred each, it was ne-
cessary to reduce the other companies below forty-
two, but that decrease did not reduce the other
companies below thirty-two to each company. He
entered into a computatiq/i to show that this would
be the case; and said that the companies kept upon
the seaboard, almost all of them, might be reduced
to thirty-two, without any injury to the public
service. The maximum, under the peace estab-
lishment before the war with Mexico, was forty-
two, and it had frequently happened that the fron-
tier companies when in the field were reduced !
below thirty-two; and certainly these companies !
could be reduced to that standard, almost all of j
whom were to be retained at the posts along the j
seaboard, where their only duty was to take care :
of the fortifications, and preserve the government >
property. He could, therefore, see no earthly ob- I
jeetion to allowing this amendment to stand as it j
now stood, which would provide for sixty compa- !
nies—which was more than he understood was
• required by the Secretary of War-—being filled up
to one hundred men, and yet maintain all the other
companies as high as thirty-two men each.
Mr. McLANE moved to strike out the second
section as amended. He dissented totally from the
view taken by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Aug. 4,
there, while those which went upon the western
frontier were to be increased to 100 each.
The motion of Mr. McLane to strike out the
second section was rejected.
The question then recurring on the first section
of the bill, the amendment of Mr. Vinton, pre-
viously offered under instructions of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and based upon the esti-
■ mate.s of the Secretary of War, to insert $3,000,000
| for the three months' extra pay granted by the act
; of 19th of last month, to the officers, musicians,
; and privates of the Mexican war, was agreed
j to.
j Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, moved the following
{ item as an amendment;
I For payment of interpreters who were employed in the
Mexican war, and who have not vet receiver! payment,
: $5,ooo. ' '
Some conversation occurred between Messrs.
SMITH and FICKLIN on this amendment; when
it wa3 disagreed to.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the following:
For the purchase of a site.and to commence the erection
of a national armory at Port Jlassac, in Illinois, near the
confluence of the Tennessee, Cumberland, Ohio, and Mis-
sissippi rivers, §20,000.
Mr. McCLERNAND explained.
Mr. DICKEY moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting in lieu thereof the following:
For the selection and putchase, under the direction of the
President of the United States, of a suitable site on the
western waters for an armory, and sites at suitable and
convenient points for two national foundries, the sum of
$100,000; and as soon as such sites shall be selected, the
President shall be, and he hereby is, authorized to purchase
the same, and proceed to erect the said armory and found-
ries.
Mr. DICKEY explained.
Mr. McCLERNAND made a proformct motion
for the purpose of explanation and reply to Mr.
Dickey.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, under a tnotion made
for the purpose, also made some remarks.
The question was put on the amendment to the
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The committee then rose and reported progress,
and the House adjourned.
for the relief of Catharine Hoffman was read a
third time and passed.
Mr. KING asked the Senate to indulge him in
taking up the bill granting the right of way and a
donation of the public lands to the State of Ala-
bama for the construction of a railroad from Mo-
bile to the mouth of the Ohio river, declaring that
if it gave rise to a protracted debate he would agree
to pass it over.
The bill was then taken up; when  '
Mr. DAVIS,ofMississippi,submittedanamend-
ment granting a right of way and donations of pub-
lic lands to Mississippi for a railroad from Jack-
son, through Brandon, to the Alabama line. It
being evident that the bill would give rise to de-
bate, it was passed over informally.
CIVIJLAND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTOxV, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending on
the 30th of June, 1849.
The various amendments submitted by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance were then agreed
to.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the bill wag
amended in the clause relating to the Pension
i Office, by adding $500 to the salary of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, making the annual salary,
from the 1st of January last, £3,000.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the bill was fur-
ther amended by the introduction of a clause ap-
propriating $2,500 to Dr. Houston, Senate re-
porter, for three hundred and fifty bound copies of
the reports of the present session, and an analyti-
cal index, for the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the bill wqs fur-
ther amended by the introduction of an appropria-
tion to pay the claim of David Taylor, who had
married a Cherokee Indian, for $12,500, with in-
terest, allowed by the accounting officers.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to amend
the bill by inserting an appropriation of $10,000
for a survey of the Red river, with a view to the
; removal of the land raft which obstructs the navi-
I gation; which, after some remarks from Messrs.
I JOHNSON of Louisiana, SEBASTIAN, MET-
i CALFE, DOWNS, HUNTER, ATCHISON,
i ALLEN, DAVIS'of Massachusetts, and FOOTE,
I was negatived.
On motion of Mr. TURNEY, the bill was fur-
ther amended by adding an appropriation of §600
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 4, 1848.
The PRESIDENT pro lem. laid before the Senate
a memorial from the heads of families of the
Pottawatomie tribe of Indians, and another from
j the heads of families of the Kickapoo tribe, asking
that the prairie band of the Pottawatomies may be
; permitted to remain on the lands now occupied by 1 to pay a debt awarded under the Cherokee treaty,
i them; which were referred to the Committee on On motion of Mr. MANG0M, the bill was fur-
J Indian Affairs. !l ther amended by inserting an appropriation to pay
I REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. jl the claim. Hogan United States agent,for
| [' services m St. Domingo, &c.
r.w. «_iy nn, ,ix>m uCUiSia, J "* P, I {fora the Committee on Commerce, DOWNS submitted an amendment, insert-
Toombs,] which was more radical than any which j j rePortet* following House bills, without amend- j| jn^ an appropriation of $141*591 for the payment
had been expressed by any other gentleman—that II me.nl: „ . ! of a certain portion of the Creek nation of Indians
• J * !t An act to annex that part of the State of Jndi- " ' * ' - • ......
we could get along without any army at all either
in California, New Mexico, or Oregon. He con-
sidered the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hall,] which reduced the companies
on the Atlantic seaboard, destructive to the good
of the service, destructive of the army on the At-
lantic coast, and a most miserable system of legis-
lation. The gentleman from New York proceeded
on the supposition that we should always have ;j
forty-two men in each company from which we ii
made these abstractions. When had the gentle- '!
man ever known a company to be full, whatever !'
mi^ht be the standard? It was scarcely ever the ij
ana bordering on Lake Michigan to the Chicago
collection district.
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to license yachts, and for other purposes.
An act to refund a penalty remitted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to John Hardrop.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the above bills were
considered m Committee of the Whole, and were
severally read a third time and passed.
Mr. iULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the organization of the
marine corps; which was read a first time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
!j who had not assented to the treaty of 1826, with
jj twenty years' interest.
;i This motion led to a very protracted discussion,
!; in which Messrs. DOWNS, ATCHISON. KING,
ii FOOTE, ATHERTON, LEWIS, JOHNSON of
|! Georgia, UNDERWOOD, TURNEY, MAN-
GUM, NILES, ALLEN, WALKER,BRIGHT,
|1 CALHOUN, BELL. HOUSTON, JOHNSON of
: Maryland, and BUTLER, participated; when the
question was taken on the amendment, and decided
'! in the affirmative, as follows:
it YEAS—Messr*. Atchison. Bruiser, Baldwin, Bq1L Butler,
Davis of Mississippi, JDi\, Downs. Foote, Greene. Hale,
Houston, llunter, Johnson of Mm \ land, Johnson nfL nucl-
ease; hence, by taking away from them a sufficient . i jtL Pensions' reported a bill for the relief of ■1 Lewia* Ma-on, Miller, Niies,Phelps, Sebastian, Walk.
number to fiU sixty companies up to one hundred ii t " e,f   • ' ^ 1 er, ami Yulee—23.
J■ ' , . .r . - , Mflior Lmps M. St-ant am ■ atir n mminnn r ' U ! I- . ... . . ~ ~ . . _ .
men each, the gentleman would bring down these
companies on the seaboard much below thirty-two
men.
Mr. HALL said the power was unlimited in the
War Department to recruit and keep the compa-
nies full up to the standcud authorized by law.
Mi. MeLANE held that the gentleman from
New York, if he meant to give the 5,000 men
which were required in Oregon, California, and
New Mexico, wa* bound to give them without
abstracting them from other branches of the public
service. The true settlement of the question, in
his opinion, was to strike out the second section
as amended, or, if the committee were not disposed
so to do, to adopt the amendment of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, which reduced the
compauiq? on tjhs seaboard to 42, and left them
Major James M. Scantland; and, on motion of Mr.
i J., the usual forms were dispensed with, and the
] bill read a third time and passed. :
t Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the j
i following:
i Resolved, That the President nf the United States be }
1 requested to inform the Senate, at the earliest period, '
! whether he ha* anj information that any citizen premier j
i of the United State& i.- or are now preparing, or intending -
! to prepare, within the United States, an expedition to ruvo- 1
■ Unionize by force any pan ot the Republic of Mexico, or to !
in -.o doui?; and. if lie has, what is the extent of such -
pieparation, ami whether he has oris about to lake an; '
: steps to arrest the vime. " ;
Mr. WALKER, on leave, introduced a bill for j
I the improvement of the St. Clair flats; which was 1
I read twice, and referred to the Committee on Com- i
j merce. j
On motion of Mr. FITZGERALD, House bill !
NAYS— Allen. Atherton, Benton, Borland, Brad-
bury, i'ree<e. Bright. Calhoun, Clarke.Cnrwm, Feleh. Joton-
: son of Georgia. ICinj. Metcalfe,Pearee, Spruanee, burgeon,
Turney, and Underwood—IS.
The question was then taken on striking out the
interest, and decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Mesprs. Allen, Athciton, Badger, Bel!. Beaton,
Borland, Bradbuty, Breese, Bright. Builer, Calhoun, Cataw-
ron, Coiwin, Duvi> oi Massachusetts-. Davis of Jlis&issippj,
Pjx, DouaLs, Felch, Foi>te, Hu.iier, Jo'm.-on of Mao find,
Johnson Georgia. Kmsi, 3I;e-on. Metcalfe. Miliar, Njles,
Pea*-co, Pheips. Sebastian. Spruunee, Sturgeon, Turney,
and Underwood—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bnlchun, Clarke, Dickinson,
H>le, HmnejMii. Houston, Johnson oi Louisiana, Lewis,
Walker, and Yulee—11.
Mr. DIX moved to amend the bili by inserting
an appropriation for the building of so? revenue
cutters.
