1848.
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
Mr. ALLEN said, he was not disposed to make
a speech at that late hour, and would content him-
self whh calling the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, and the vote stood:
YE-\>S—Me^rs. Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Baldwin,
B"U, Benton, Borland, Bradbury, ttree. e, Butler, Calhoun,
Clarke. Corwni, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Davtori, Dickinson. Dix, Dodge, Douglas, Downs,
Felcb, Foote, Hale, Hannegan, Hou>ton, Johnson of Mary-
land^Johnson of Louisiana, King, Lewis, Mason, Miller,
Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Sebastian, Spruance, and Walker
—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Blight, Johnson of Georgia, Met-
calfe, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, and Yulce—8.
An amendment offered by Mr. DOWNS, in
favor of certain allowances to the district judge of
Louisiana, and advocated with much earnestness
by Messrs. DOWNS and JOHNSON of Louisi-
ana, was lost by a large vote.
An effort was made to adjourn, but failed on a
call of the yeas and nays.
Mr. HANNEGAN submitted an amendment
making an appropriation of $5,400 to Commodore
Biddle for his diplomatic services in China.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the amendment
by deducting his pay while serving in a diplomatic
capacity, but the amendment was lost.
Mr. NILES denounced the amendmentas setting
a dangerous precedent.
Mr. DOWNS said, to deny the judge and give
to the commodore, would not be doing exact jus-
tice. He thought some rule should be observed.
Mr. DAYTON thoughtmore information should
be obtained in relation to the claim before there
was any action on it, admitting, at the same time,
that any expense to which Captain Biddle had
been necessarily subjected would constitute a fair
charge.
Messrs. HANNEGAN, BADGER, JOHN-
SON of Maryland, and others, advocated the
amendment. The question was then taken by
yeas and nays, "and decided in the negative as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messre. Badger, Baldwin, Butler, Clarke, Convin,
Davis of Massachusetts', Gieene, Hannejran, Johnson of Ma-
ryland, Johnson of Louisiana, and Pearce—-11.
NAYsS—Messrs. Allen, Atheiton, Benton, Borland, Brad-
bury, Breeze, Bri«?ht, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dickin-
son, Dix, Dodge, Douglas, Downs, Felch, Foote, Hale, Ham-
lin, Houston, Johnson of Georgia, King, Mason, Metcalfe,
Millar, Nile*, Sebastian, Spruauee, Sturgeon, Turnev, Un-
derwood, Walker, and Yulee—32.
Mr. HANNEGAN said, he had several other
amendments to offer, when there were cries of ad-
journ.
Mr. CLARKE moved that the Senate adjourn,
which motion was passed, and the Senate ad-
journed, after a continuous session of eight hours
within a very few minutes.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlugust 5, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. McCLELLAND, by common consent,
from the Committee on Rules, reported an amend-
ment to the fiftieth rule. It is, that when the pre-
vious question is moved and seconded, the first
question shall be on the motion to recommit, if
such motion be pending when the previous ques-
tion is moved. It was agreed to.
Mr. BARROW asked that, bygeneral consent,
the House take up and act upon the bill from the
Senate for the relief of Major James M. Scantland.
It was a case of peculiar hardship. Major S. had
enlisted as a private, and had been promoted for
gallant conduct to be a brevet major. He was left
for dead on the battle-field, having been shot in
the right eye by a ball which passed out of his left
-ear. It was a most meritorious case, and he hoped
there would be no objection.
After some conversation between Mr. HOUS-
TON of Alabama, Mr. BARROW, and others,
and on objection being made—
Mr. BARROW moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of taking up the above indicated
bill.
The question was put and agreed to, and the bill
was taken up, read three times, passed, and re-
turned to the Senate.
EXTRA ALLOWANCES TO GENERAL CASS.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, moved a
suspension of the rules to enable him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to sorid to this House, forthwith, the letters and vouchers
in support of the claims and extra allowances paid to Lewis
Cass, over and above his regular salary of $-2,000 a vear, as
Governor and ex officio Superintendent ot Indian Affairs for
the Territoryof Michigan, to wit: The letters and vouchers
in support of fhe extra allowance paid him—
1. For clerk hire, office rent, See., from the 9tl)
Octobfci, 1613, to the 31st July, It3i, at
$1,500 per annum, as pei Due. No. 244, 3d
se s. 25th Cong., page 2, amounting to $-26,715 00
2. For rations, to wit: Ten rations a day, at 20
cents each, from the 9th October, 1&13, to the
29th May, 1822, a& per same doc. and page... 6,610 00
3. For services as Superintendent ot Indian Af-
fairs, said to have been rendered out of the
Territory of Michigan, from the 29th May,
1822, to the 31st August, 1«32, at £1,500 per
annum, as pei Doc. No.b,3d sess. 2?th Cong.,
page 13  14,375 00
4. For aiding in the negotiation of sundiy treaties,
whilst Governor and ex officio Superintendent
of Indian Affair-*, as aforesaid, 772 days, at $8
per day, and 40 cents per mile travelled by
him, as pei same doc., p:iges 11 and 12  9,744 00
5. For attending at Washington, to settle ins own
accounts tor extra pay, &e., two hundred and
eight days, lo wit, t jom the £l&t October, 1821,
to the 29th May,18J2, for mileage, ten rations
per day, &c., same doc. page 11  1,448 00
6. For alleged services whilst Governor and Su-
perintendent of Indian Affairs, " m preparing
a code for the regulation of Indian affairs,
one hundred and eleven days, to wit, trom
the 22d October, 1828, to the 10th February,
1&29, as per same doc., page 12  3,520 CO
7. For extra pay wlnNt Governor, &c , as afore-
said, "as deputy quartermaster general" in
the army, lor one year, as per Doe. No. 18,1st
sess. 2dih Cong., page 25  1,001 80
8. For extra pay Hud allowances as captain in the
regular army, whilst Governor, as aforesaid,
to wit, from the 12th May, 1817, to the 28Ui
of June, 1821, as per same doc., same page.. 2,520 66
9. Letters and vouchers riled iu support of the
following items, m the account rendered by
Governor Cass against the United States;, the
21st of July, 1832, (about one year alter his
appointment as Secietary oi VV'ai,) and said
not to be embraced in any ot the pievmus
quarteily settlements of his, accounts with the
Government, to wit: For alleged balances
and ovttipayments by lnm as Superintendent
ot Indian Atiairs, as per Doc. No. 112,3d ses- i
sion 25th Congress, page 16, on the following
accounts, to %vit:
Fur oveipayments on account of contingen-
cies tor Indian department §3,«ft8 55
For overpayments to Indian sub-
agents   363 15
For overpayments on account of
presents to Indians  416 80
For overpayments on account of
annuities under the appropria-
tion act of May 15,1870  5,370 15
For overpayments on account of
annuities under act ot 2d March,
3829 >  245 43
For overpayments on account of
annuities under the appropria-
tion act of 25th March, 1830.... 32,71127
For alleged balance on account of
the treaty at Pranie du Cluen.. 440 00
For alleged ov-eipayments and bal-
ance> due him on account of In-
dian department pnor to 1829... 10,183 61
Amounting in all to  53,128 96
10. The requisition drawn on the tieasun in favor
ot Governor Ca*s, (No. 2,906,) dated the 21st
July, 1832, about one \<-ai atter hi* appoint-
ment as Secretaiv of War, to settle alleged
balance due him on account of the overpay-
ments, See., as aforesaid *. 35,075 00
11. The endorsements on the said account by Governor
Cas«, then Secretary of War, after the issue and pay-
ment of the said requisition ot $35,075, for the balance
alleged to be due him, by which the final settlement of
the said account was suspended, ovvine to the" peculiar
position in which I (he. Governor Cass) stand m lela-
tion to the Department," and whereby the final settle-
merit was suspended until the 5th day of December,
1837, when itwa>s finally closed, as app'.-ais by the letter
of William B. Lewis, the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury at that date, as per Doc. No. 112,3d sess. 25th Cong.,
page 16.
Mr. BRODHEAD rose to a question of order,
and contended that it was not in order to make two
calls on the President at the same time for the
same thing. The House had already called on the
Executive for this very information. Mr. B.
wanted time to prepare an amendment to the reso-
lution calling for allowances made to other Gov-
ernors of Territories.
Mr. STEWART said that this was only a call
for vouchers: the other call had been for the extra
charges allowed; this was for the vouchers by
which they had been supported.
The CHAIR said that no amendment could be
in order, as the question was on suspending the
rules.
Mr. STEWART demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and, being taken, were: Yeas
87, nays 61.
So the rules were not suspended, two-thirds not
voting to suspend.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said he had en-
deavored to get the business on the Speaker's table
taken up, in order that the Executive messages
might be treated with at least the usual degree of
respect due to a communication from the Chief
Magistrate, but the President's immediate repre-
sentatives had voted against it, and he gave it up.
Pie would withdraw the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, in reply to the re-
marks of thegentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] said, that those he was pleased to consider
as the immediate representatives of the President,
were under no greater obligations to support the
motions of the gentleman than other members upon
this floor. For himself, he would say that he was
as free and as independent as any member of
this House. He voted according to the convic-
tions of his judgment. And how he voted was a
question between himself and his constituents, to
whom alone he was responsible for the discharge
of his public duties.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, moved a sus-
pension of the rules for the purpose of enabling
him to move the,reference of Senate bill to compen-
sate R. M. Johnson for the erection of certain
buildings for the use of the Choctaw Academy.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House proceed to consider
the business on the Speaker's table.
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion
to suspend the rules, and resulted—yeas 100, nays
70.
Two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the rules
were not suspended.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motionof Mr. VFNTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Ashmun, of Massachusetts, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the service of the
army for the year ending June 30, 1849.
When the committee rose yesterday, the ques-
tion pending was on agreeing to the amendment
moved by Mr. McClernand, authorizing the se-
lection of Fort Massac, Illinois, as a site for a
national armory; which was amended by substitu-
ting therefor the amendment moved by Mr. Dickey,
viz:
For the selection and purchase, by the Secretary of War,
under the direction of the President of the United States, of
a suitable site on the western wateis fur an armory, and sites,
at suitable and convenient points, for two natior al foundries,
one hundred thousand dollars; and as soon as such sites
shall be selected, the President shall be, and he hereby i«,
authorized to purchase the same, and proceed to eiect the
said armory and foundries.
Mr. RURT moved to amend the amendment by
adding thereto the following, viz:
Provided that the selection of said sites shall be made
witlnn two years from and after the passage ot this act
Mr. BURT advocated the policy of making an
appropriation to enable the rresident to detail a
corps of officers to select a site for an armory on
the western waters.
Mr. BOWLIN, on a pro forma amendment, en-
larged upon the mineral resources of Missouri, the
vast abundance of iron and coal in her mountains,
and warmly presented the claims of that State to
the fair consideration of her numerous sites in
making the selection.
Mr. McCLERNAND, on a similar amendment,
urged the claims of Illinois to the location of the
armory at Fort Massac, and placed his appeal upon
the decision of the majority of the commission
already established for the selection of sites, in
favor of Fort Massac, as endorsing the superior-
ity of that location in respect, to its great mineral
resources and various natural advantages.
Mr. HARALSON, on a similar amendment, re-
1 ferrcd to the great difficulty of selecting a location
! for armories whenever the subject came up in the
* House, and urged the policy of establishing a com-
j mission for the selection (in which he hoped that
: Georgia would receive her just consideration) of
two sites in the western valley, and the immediate
1 commencement of operations accordingly.
Mr. TAYLOR favored the amendment of the
i gentleman from Pennsylvania, for many leasons.
; fie appreciated very readily the interest which
t gentlemen from various parts of the western coun-
1 try took in the establishment of armories in their
I own sections. Fort Massac, Beaver, Pittsburg,
j St. Louis, and various other places in the West,
