THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
buildings and macRinery therefor, S15,000," was,
, on motion of Mr. HARALSON, stricken out.
i i   ltera "^orthe purchase of land at Spring-
field, Massachusetts, to be flowed by raisin? dam
at Upper Wafer Shop, $5,000," was read.
_ Mr. DICKEY moved to strike out the same and
insert—
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to abolish the manufacture of arms at
our national armories, at Harper's Ferry and Springfield, as
soon as the appropriations authorized by this act shall have
been expended, and that fie be, and is hereby, authorized to
enter into contiaet with individuals or companies being: tile
lowest bidders for the manufacture of such arms and accou-
k 84 "lay n,ecessary and authorized by law, and
n .?e Y? ls heroby> authorized to sell and dispose of
2 , 'h® publ,e property at these respective gstablishments
oilier than arms and accoutrements.
Mr. D. observed that the House had determined
that our ordnance should not be cast at a public
foundry, but should be made at individual private
establishments. If the argument was good as to
cannon, why was it not equally good as to small
arms? At the armories we had, these arms cost
the Government a large price. Would it not be
better to abolish them, and have our muskets and
other arms made by individual contract? The
House had voted $16,500 for the erection of a for^e
at Harper s Ferry to manufacture their scrap iron,
against the interest of our iron mines: he supposed
the next thing would be to set them to work on pig-
and bloom iron. -
_ Mr. McLANE suggested the propriety of add-
ing, 'and that the President be directed to sell all
our present works, and all the arms and stock we
have on hand."
Mr. DICKEY was understood to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. HARALSON moved to strike out the item
gTool)6 purchase of !and at Springfield, &c.,
Before the question was put—
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the item by
increasing the amount $5,000.
Mr. A. entered into an explanation, showing the
great utility and profit the Government would de-
rive from the appropriation.
The question being on striking out the appro-
priation for Springfield armory—
The question was inadvertently put while Mr.
Ashmon had the floor, and decided in the affirma-
tive; but on Mr. A.'s remonstrance, the Chair
recalled the question, (Mr. Haralson objecting
and insisting that the question was decided,) and
Mr. AsHMusr-made a full explanation of the grounds
of the amendment (which related entirely to local
details) and opposed the motion to strike out
Mr. HARALSON and Mr. BOWLIN advo-
cated it.
Mr. ASHMUN replied, and made further state-
ments in explanation.
Mr. VINTON called for the letter from the
department, stating the reasons on which the ap-
propriation had been recommended.
Mr. FARAN inquired why the factory was not
driven by steam instead of water power?
Mr. VINTON replied, because a vast sum had
been invested in the works, which were propelled
by a stream of water. Would the gentleman have
the Government pull them down and change the
whole plan that they might be driven by steam?
If he owned the works, would he do it?
Thediscttssion was further carried on by Messrs.
HARALSON, VINTON, BOWLIN, FARAN,
HUDSON, and others, under motions severally
made for the purpose, on the above item.
The question was then put on Mr. Haralson's
motion to strikeout the item, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HARALSON moved the following amend- j
mpnt:
For ^election and purchase by the Secretary of War, un-
dei the direction of the President, of sites at suitable anri
convenient point*, for two national foundnes,.®5G,000; and, 1
as soon as &aid sues shall he selected, the President shall
be, and is hereby, authorized, to proceed to erect said
.foundries.
Mr. HARALSON entered into some remarks
in advocacy of his amendment.
Under a pro forma motion, some Remarks were
also made by Mr. ASHMUN.
60
THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1848.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend by adding a
proviso that one of the armories shall be located
west of the Allegheny Mountains.
Mr. B. supported his amendment in a few brief
remarks.
Mr. BURT, and Mr. COBB, of Georgia, also
made some remarks in reference to this subject.
Mr. Bowlin's amendment was rejected.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend the
amendment by adding:
Provided, That the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any moneys
m the treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be applied
under the direction of the Secretary of War, for purchasing
a site and toinmenemg the necessary works for a national
armory at Fort Massac, in the State oflllinois.
Mr. McCLERNAND urged the adoption of
his amendment in remarks which consumed his
allotted five minutes. It was rejected.
Mr. BARRINGER moved the following amend-
ment
For the purchase and fair distribution of the systems of
military tactics in use in the army of the United States
among the officers of the militia m the several Status of the'
Union, under the direction of tfie Secretary of War and the
Adjutant General of the army of the United States, ten
thousand dollars. '
Mr. BARRINGER made some remarks in sup-
portof his amendment.
Messrs. McLANE and TAYLOR, under yno
forma motions, made some remarks on this amend-
ment.
Mr. VENABLE and Mr. BURT, on motions
made and subsequently withdrawn, made some
remarks; the latter gentleman in urgent advocacy
of Mr. Barrin*ger's amendment.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the amendment
by adding:
Prdruled, That the Secretary of War shall contract for
the same to the lowest bidder, who will contract to furnish
them in a reasonable time to be fixed.
Mr. BARRINGER accepted Mr. Bowlin's
amendment.
The question was put, and Mr. Bareinger's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the continuation of the improvement of the Ohio liver
above the falls at Louisville, §40,000.
For the continuation of the improvement of the Ohio river
below the falls at Louisville, $30,000.
For the continuation of the improvement of the Missouri
river, $30,000.
For the continuation of the improvement of the Mississippi
river, below the mouth of the Ohio river, $50,<ji:0.
For the continuation of the improvement of the Mississippi
river, above the mouth of the Ohio river, g-10,000.
All of which sums shall be expended under the direction
of the Secretaiy of War.
Mr. BURT raiseda point of order against the
. amendment on the ground of irrelevancy.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
I and decided the amendment in order, first, because
it was connected with the defences of the country,
which was the direct object of this bill; secondly,
because it was in continuation of works already
in progress; and, thirdly, because it was sustained
by precedents, the army bills of 1842 and 1843 con-
taming precisely similar items. *
Mr. HARALSON appealed from the decision,
and called for the reading of the 80th rule; which
was read, and provides that no appropriations
shall be made in the general appropriation bills for
works not authorized by law, unless in continua-
tion of works already in progress.
Mr. VINTON suggested that these works were
already m progress, and that the gentleman from
Indiana modify by saying "for the continuation
of the improvements in the Ohio river, above the
falls," &c. There was a dam there half-built, and
left in that half-finished state.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, accepted the
suggestion, and modified his amendment accord-
ingly.
The decision of the Chair was overruled: Ayes
74, noes 76; and thus the amendment was ruled
out of order by the committee.
Mr. DICKINSON moved the following amend-
ment:
For jefundiiig to the assistantqimrterinustrrof the second
regiment of Ohio volunteers, for clothing furnished to said
volunteers, near Mann, in Mexico, in 1847, upon the requi-
New Series No. 66.
sition of the colonci commanding said regiment, a sum not
exceeding eight hundred dollars: Provided, The proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department shall have
ascertained the amount due, and upon whose certificate the
ascertained amount due shall he paid.
After some debate, in which Messrs. DICKIN-
SON, BURT, and MILLER took part, the amend-
ment was ruled out of order.
Mr, BOTTS moved as a new section:
That the act approved March second, eighteen hundred
and nineteen, entitled "An act to regulate the pay of the
army when employed on fatigue duty," shall be construed
to include the enlisted men of ordnance when employed as
clerks at arsenal*, and also the payments which have been
made to such clerks to the extent authorized hy that act;
clerk1-5' eighteen ceuts eacl1 day acfualJy w employed as
Mr. B. explained, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BOTTS moved another amendment as a
new section:
That hereafter it shall be lawful for the major generals to
select their aids-de-camp from the captains and lieutenants
of the army, arid the brigadier generals shall select their
aids-de-eanip from the lieutenants of the army.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BURT moved the following as a new sec-
tion, which Mr. B. explained.
And be it further enacted, That the professors and assist-
ant protessois of the Military Academy shall he entitled to
receive the commutation of forage i or the number of hordes
allowed to the rank to which their pay and allowances arc
assimilated under thp act approved the twenty'-mnth of
Apnl. eighteen hundred and twelve.
Mr. JONES moved to add to the amendment
the following proviso:
Pronded, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
sumed a- tcj authouze the allowance of commutation of
forage for any horses not actually kept by &aid professors
and assistant profer-sois.
Mr. J. explained. His proviso was rejected.
The question being put on Mr. Burt's amend-
ment, it was rejected.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved as a new sec-
tion:
That so much of u An act to amend an act-to raise for a
limited turn* an additional military force, and fur other pur-
po^s.-*' approved Fehiuary eleven, eighteen hundred and
forty-^even, as provides that bounties of land,-shall be lo-
cated " in one body," containing not less than one hundred
and sixty acres, be and the same is hereby iepealed; and
hei eaftei warrants for the said bounties mav be l.-sned for
quantities containing not less than forty acres, at the option
of the holders, to the amount of one handled and sivty
acres, and in conformity to the legal subdivisions of the pub-
lic lands: Proviled, That, upon the return of anv such war-
rant already issued by the person to whom it uas issued,"it
, may he competent to reis.-uo to said pet-on warrants for
; forty-acre tracts to the amount o( the wan ant thus returned:
| Proruied, further, That m no case shall- a w ariant be thus
; returned and divided tor an a>si ne<;, or <my one but the
! per-on or pewms in whose name it issued; which shall be
i made to appear by the oath of the per&ou thus desiring &uch
, return and division.
J Mr/ C. occupied his five minutes in remarks on
i his amendment.
| After some remarks on pro forma motions by
Messrs. COLLAMER, EVAiN'S of Maryland,
and HALL of Missouri, the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. WICK moved as a new section: *
That the Secretary of War miy, in his discretion, upon
such seeunty a< he mav deem <nfiicient, cause arms to he
delivered to association*, formed lor the put pose of emigra-
tion to Oregon, Cahioriiia, or New Mexico, the same to he
reported and delivered hy *ueh associations, within a rea-
sonable time, to some ofneer of the Unued States, at a point
within said Territoues, each to be designated by said Secre-
tary.
Mr. WICK explained and sustained his amend-
ment. It was rejected.
Mr. TOMPKINS moved as a new section:
Jlttd he it further enacted, That there shall be, and here-
uowuzei aria roenei lmuciit's, vvujcii uie .rtesi-
dent is authorized to retain and have recruited and kept up
; to the complement of other regiments as fixedby thw act,
the sum of one hundred and sixty thousand dollais.
Mr. T. explained ln§ amendment. It was re-
jected.
Mr. FEA.THERSTON moved an amendment:
And be it jurther enacted, That such sum orsums ot money
as were paid out of his own funds by Captain Joel M.
Acker, of the second Mississippi regiment ot volunteers,
the lute war with Mexico, for clothing (bought) lor such sol-
diers as were enlisted by hun ui the years of 3 847 and ic-l*1,
\yhile on the recruiting service m the State of Mississippi,
