1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 5,
be refunded to liim m soon ;is the necessary vouchee and
proof shall be filed with the Secretary of War, and his ac-
count -iliall be allowed by the War Department.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, renewed, as a
new section, the amendment lie had previously
moved for the continuation of the improvement of
the various western rivers, and which was ruled
out of order.
The amendment waa again ruled out of order.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
as amended.
The House proceeded to consider the bill.
Mr. ASHMUN moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and, under
the operation thereof, the amendments of the Com-
mittee of the Whole was agreed to without a divis-
ion, except the following amendment, which was
added by the Committee of the Whole to the end
of the second section, and which was rejected:
Arid that the maximum number of privates in each of
the companies of dragoons, artillery, infantry, and mounted
rifleman of the armv of the United States shall not hereafter
exceed forty-two: Provided, That the President may, in his
discretion, "increase the number of privates in e.ieh of the
companies, not exceeding sixty, which &hall at any time be
ordered and kept in permanent service in the Territories, to
such number, not exceeding one hundred to each company,
as he rnav think discreet; and may order such transfers irom
and to the different companies a* may be necessary foi that
purpose : Jhvi provided further, That the whole number of
privates, including the company of engineers and the enlisted
men of ordnance, at any one time in seivioe shall not exceed
nine thousand and sixty men, and that the number of wo-
men and employs belonging to, or at any time attached to,
the army shall not exceed one thousand: Jfrxd provided fur-
ther, That any non-commissioned officer or piivate in the
regiment of mounted riflemen who shall have served in
Mexico shall,on application,receive an honorable discharge
from the seiviee or the United States, and that the number
90 discharged shall be replaced at the di-eietion of the Pres-
ident.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed; and,
being engrossed, was read a third time.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed. He had madetwo unsuccessful attempts
to graft upon this bill an appropriation for the im-
provement of the Mississippi, Ohio, and Missouri
rivers. On looking into the records of the pro-
ceedings of the House, it would be found that ap-
propriation for these rivers had always been inserted
in [the army appropriation bill; but now, for the
first time, it was discovered that, to place it there,
was out of order. The entire Democratic party
had opposed the attempt to introduce it into this
bill. Mr. T. said he had made the motion in good
faith; though he must in candor confess he had not
had much faith that it would pass. When a great
and powerful political party, just on the eve of a
Presidential election, set itself against all measures
of the kind, and proclaimed to the world, as an
article of their faith, that Congress had no power
to make appropriations for them, it was haidly to
be hoped that such a motion would prevail against
so formidable an array. But he must confess that
he had been surprised to find the opposition -sud-
denly swelling itself to such a degree as to obtain
a clear majority against it.
Mr. GENTRY said he was one of those who
had voted in favor of sustaining the Chair when it
decided the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
to be out of order. He had since had time to look
into the precedents, and was now fully satisfied
th%t the decision had been erroneous, and that the
amendment had been perfectly in order.
Mr. THOMPSON was very sorry the gentle-
man had not made that discovery a little sooner.
He had been asked whether this item for the Mis-
sissippi and Ohio was to be found in the army bill of
1842' He answered that it there appeared, though
that bill had been under the special guardianship
of the rigidly constitutional and economical gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. McKay.] The
gentleman and his political friends were, he knew,
irreconcilably opposed to all appropriations of this
description. He had moved it in good faith; and
he well knew, that if it ever was obtained at till,
it must be put in une of the appropriation bills; for,
whenever it was connccted with the river and
harbor bill, it was sure to encounter the Presiden-
tial veto.
Mr. COBB inquired whether there were not
separate hills now reported containing appropria-
tions for these river improvements by themselves?
Mr. THOMPSON replied there was an item for
them in the river and harbor bill. But the gentle-
man from Georgia need not be told that such a bill
was sure to be vetoed by Mr. Polk; not, indeed,
because it contained appropriations for these " in-
land seas," as they had been called, but because it
contained appropriations for the improvement of
the harbors of the country.
Mr. COBB said that appropriations for these
great rivers were in a bill by themselves, and not
connected with any harbors.
Mr. THOMPSON said he knew there was one
bill appropriating for the Mississippi alone.
There was a great deal of shuffling and dodging
on this subject of internal improvements. The
people of the West felt a deep interest in the sub-
ject, and they expected to get appropriations for
works of this kind. All Mr. T. desired by the pres-
ent movement was to bring those gentlemen who
came from the valley of the Mississippi, and who
dare not vote directly against such appropriations,
to make their mark on this question. He wanted
the people of the West not to be imposed upon,
but to know who was for and who was against
appropriating the public money for works of inter-,
nal improvement. Gentlemen at home were always
loudly in favor of it; here they uniformly acted
against it. He wanted to get them fairly on the
record, so that the We«*t might know who was for
them and who was against them. For himself, he
had no concealments about the matter, nor oa any
other subject of legislation.
He said that if this item was connected with die
river and harbor bill, it would encounter the con-
stitutional objections of the President: he wanted
it put in the appropriation bill, where it would be
free from dangerous associations. It had never
before failed to be placed in the army bill; and that
was its appropriate place, because money so ap-
propriated was always expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War. These appropri-
ations were part and parcel of the expenditures of
the War Department. They were expended un-
der the superintendence of the Engineers, who
belonged to that department, and received their
orders from it. They constituted a part of the
common defences of the country. Had not jnore
than eight-tenths of the whole force which went to
Mcxico in the late war been transported on these
streams to reach their destination? Yet, notwith-
standing that no party west of the mountains dare
avow themselves openly as opposed to these ap-
propriations, notwithstanding these rivats fur-
nished the great highway by which the great mass
of our western produce annually reached -its mar-
ket, and notwithstanding they watered the most
fertile and prosperous regions in the globe, yet all
appropriations for removing from them the most
dangerous obstructions were steadily and system-
atically refused. He wanted that refusal put on
record, with every man's name attached to it, so
that the people of the West, whose vital interests
were involved, might know, not who talked well
for these things at home, while soliciting their
votes, but who voted for them here.
He candidly avowed that his view, in movinga
reconsideration of the bill, was to get in an amend-
ment for the improvement of the Mississippi, Ohio,
and Missouri rivers.
Mr. McCLELLAND said, if there was a man
on that floor who had made honest and strenuous
efforts to obtain appropriations for the improve-
ment of the rivers and harbors of the West, lie
was 'that man.
'Mr. THOMPSON said he fully exonerated the
-gentleman from Michigan personally. He knew,
and took pleasure in bearing witness, that no man
had ever been a more unwavering friend to internal
improvements than that gentleman. It was on
his party, not on himself, that he made the charge.
Mr. McCLELLAND said that wherever an at-
tempt had been made to introduce appropriations
for rivers and harbors into the general appropria-
tion bills, contrary to the rules of the House, he
had uniformly opposed it. If it were.permiued, no
one could foresee the abuse to which it might lead.
Subjects of this nature, and all others which were
proper for legislative action, should be well consid-
ered and matured befote they were finally acted
upon, and everyone here knew the importance of
keeping up a proper distinction as to the character
of the items introduced into hills for such purpose.
Each should stand or fail on its own merits. His
course on such questions had been invariably the
same. But it was amusing to see the change which
had taker! place in the course pursued by his
friends on the other side of the House upon this
very point. A few short years ago, an appropria-
tion was inserted in one of the general appropri-
tion bills for the improvement of the harbor at
Boston, and although its friends aigued that it was
absolutely necessary for the defence of that city,
and was part and parcel of the military works
there, yet it was opposed by the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. McKay] and himself for the
very reason before given, and'kricken from the
bill by a large majority, composed of Whigs and
Democrats. The Speaker of this House" (then on
the floor) had, if his recollection was correct, made
a strong and eloquent appeal to the House to rein-
state it, and notwithstanding his power and influ-
ence, which was deservedly great with both parties,
he most signally failed.
Old members would recollect another remarkable
instance of the determination of the House not to
make any invidious distinctions as to this kind of
appropriations. A bill for the improvement of the
navigation of the- rivers Ohio, Mississippi, Mis-
souri, and Arkansas was introduced into the Sen-
ate by (he believed) the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] which passed by an almost
unanimous vote, and was sent to this House.
What was its reception here? Almost every mem-
ber viewed it as an attempt to interfere with the
general system. It was rejected with the same
unanimity with which it had passed the Senate,
Whigs and Democrats uniting in their opposition
to it.
Mr. McCLERNAND here interrupted the gen-
tleman from Michigan, and said, by reference" to
House Journal, page 1096, it would be found that
the following communication from the Senate was
received:
"Mr. Speaker: The Senate have passed 'Anact to pro-
vide for the improvement of the navigatipn of the rivers
Ohio, Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas.'
kt Mr. Boyd moved the previous question, which was sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered and put, viz:
Shall ihe bill be rejected? and decided in the affirmative :
yeas 120, nays 48."
Most, if not.all, of the Whig members vbting in
the affirmative.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired whether it was not
Mr. McClelland's opinion, thai if his amend-
ment was attached to the river and harbor bill, and
it passed, it would not be vetoed?
Mr. TOOMBS, with much warmth, called Mr.
Thompson to order, for this reference to the prob-
able action of the Executive. It was unparliament-
ary and highly improper. He hoped never to
hear any reference made in that Hall of Repre-
sentatives to the opinions of the President, or any
action of his as bearing on the legislation of that
House.
Mr. McCLELLAND appealed to Mr. Toombs
■ to state whether he (Mr. MeC.) had referred to
the President's opinions.
Mr, TOOMBS said, not at ail.
Mr. McCLELLAND remarked that he had no
objection whatever to replying to the interrogatory
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,]
although he knew not what course the President
would pursue, if the contingency alluded to should
happen. But it was a question of principle with
the President, and he could not conceive what dif-
ference it would make with the President whether
the item was in this or the rivet; and harbor, bill.
The application of the principle must be the same.
Mr. McC. said there had been a studied attempt
made in 1840 to convince the people of the West
that the Whig party alone was in favor of appro-
priations for river and harbor improvements; and
they had, by their persevering efforts, induced
many to believe that such was the case. Well, the
Whigs got into power, and all were anxiously
expecting the fulfillment of their promises; but in
this, as in every other respect, they totally failed
to redeem their pledges. He would ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,] who was
a member 111 ]841-'42, and when the Whigs had
the power, why they did not make appropriations
for these objects ?
Mr. THOMPSON said he had always been in
favor of them.
Mr. McCLELLAND. Yes, the gentleman,
personally, had been. But his partj^ had then a
large majority: why had not appropriations been
made for the lakes r
Mr. THOMPSON said it was very hard to get
an appropriation of that kind, because there wa3
no money in the treasury.
Mr. McCLELLAND. Exactly; and are w«
