1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
less in debt now ? Is not the national debt far
greater now than then? But still, in debt as we
were, Mr. McC. was for appropriations for such
purposes; and he believed he could show, if fit
opportunity offered, that they were imperatively-
demanded by the best interests of the country.
He objected to any effort to make the West be-
lieve that none were favorable to these appropria-
tions but the Whig party, while facts upon the
record showed directly the contrary. If the gen-
tleman would look at the yeas and nays, for years
back, he would readily perceive how the matter
stood when it came to voting.
He imjuired of the Whigs why, having the ma-
jority, they had not long ago passed the river and
harbor bills?
Mr. HUNT, of New York, replied that a bill
liad been reported from the Committee on Com-
merce for that purpose.
Mr. McCLELLAND. When? How early in
the session ?
Mr. HUNT. On the 3d of February, and re-
peated efforts had been made from time to time
since to get it up and pass it, but the gentleman
well knew that his own party had defeated the
motion.
Mr. McCLELLAND said, if the gentleman
would recur to the history of past sessions, he
would find that such appropriation bills had gen-
erally been reported in the first part of the session,
with a view of pressing them to a vote; and- he
could not conceive the object of the delay in this
case, when the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hont,chairman of the Committee on Commerce]
knew that the bills he reported were- mere tran-
scripts of those reported last session. And there
was greater necessity for an early report this than
at any previous session. The rules had been
changed so as to require all bills to be taken' up
and disposed of in the order in which they stood
the calendar; and if the river and harbor bills
had been reported in season, they would have been
at the head of the list, and entirely under the di-
rection of the majority. The Whigs had thewhole
■control of the matter.
Mr. HUNT reminded- Mr. McClelland that it
required a vote of two-thirds to suspend the rules
to take up a bill out of its order on the calendar.
Mr. McCLELLAND. Yes; but why had the
Whigs made such rules for the House, so that a
majority could not get at the measure which they
wished to face? They had a majority on the Com-
mittee on Rules as well as in the House.
Mr. HUNT said he had always opposed the
rule which sp operated.
Mr. McCLELLAND had been speaking of the
course of the Whigs, not of that of the gentleman
of New York, because he had never understood
that that gentleman was the Whig party.
Mr. HUNT said that the bills had been reported
unanimously by the Committee on Commerce as
early as the beginning of February, and he-would
remind the gentleman from Michigan that there
were bills at the very head of the calendar which
had not been reached to this day.
Mr. McCLELLAND. Why not? The Whigs
have a majority, and could, at any time they saw
fit, proceed to the consideration of the calendar,
and take up the bills in their order. Had they
made any such attempt in committee, where it is
necessary to make the motion? No, not a solitary
effort is made. And why? Merely because, as
he presumed, the ayes and noes were not in order
there, and the attempt might not subserve party
purposes. Here we had been eight months, and
had not touched the first bill on the general calen-
dar, which is at all times under the control of the
majority, and yet the gentleman from New York
complained of this side of the House.
Mr. McC. was in favor of this new rule, for the
obviousreason, that if tfie majority would act upon
the calendar, every bill would receive a proper con-
sideration, and this would have been of immense
importance to the new and western States, because,
under the old rule, the large States and a combina-
tion of interests deprived them of the power of
having bills of peculiar interest to them considered.
For this reason—and he called upon the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. C. B. Smith,] a member of the
Committee on Rules, and to whom, at the time of
the consideration of the rules by the committee,
lie communicated it, to bear witness-—he was in
favor of the new rule.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table; on which the
yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs^Atkinson, Beale,Bingham. Birilsall, Bow-
tin; Boyd, Brodhead, Charles Brown, Albert <5. Brown, Burt,
Cathcart, Chase, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly L.Clarke,
Howc-ll Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, OoUamer, Crozier,
Daniel, Darling, Dickinson, Erteall, Featberston, Fries, Ful-
ton, Green, WiHard P. Hall, Haralson, Ilarman^on, Harris,
Hill, George S. Houston, Hubbard, fnge, Charles J. Xnger-
sol!, Iverson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, George VV. Jones,
Kaufman, Kennon, La S6re, Sidney Lavyrence,Jjigon, Lord,
Lumpkin, Mnclay, MoCJellajid, McClernand, McKay, Mc-
Lane, Job Mann, Marsh, Meade,, Miller, Morris, Nieolf,
Peaslee, Peck, Petrie, Phelp*, Pillsbury, Rhett, Richey,
Sawyer, Simpson, Smart, Robert Smith, Starkweather,
Chas.E. Stuart, Tjiomas, Jame« Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Robert A. Thompson. Thurston, Toombs, Turner,
Venahte, Wallace,and Wick—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashmun, IWrow, Blanchard,
Bovdon, Brady, Butler, Cabell, Canbv, Clmgman, Cocke,
Conger, Cranston, Crisfieid, Crowell, Dickey, Dixon, Duer,
Daniel Duncan, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Eekert, Edwards,
Embree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans. Paran, Farrelly,
Fisher, Flournoy, French^Gosrgin, Gott, Gregory, GrinneJl,
Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton,Moses Hampton,
Haskell, Henley, Henry, Elias B. Holmes, Hudson, Hunt,
Joseph R. Tncfersnll, Kellocg, Thorna* Butler Kins, Daniel
P. King, William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mcllvaine, Mar-
vin, Morehead, Mullin, Nelson, Newell, Outlaw, Palfrey,
Pendleton, Preston, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Rockwell, Roman, Rose, Root, Rnmsey, St. John, Shepperd,
Shprrillj Silvester, Slingerland, Truman Smith, Stephens
Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Tallmadge, Taylor, Richard W.
Thompson, Tuck, Vinton, Warren, and YVentworth—434.
So the House refused to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
And the House, at fifteen minutes before five
o'clock, p. m., adjourned.
fN SENATE.
Saturday, Jlugust 5, 1848.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported House bill for the establishment of
a Territorial Government in Oregon with amend-
ments, and save notice that he should call up the
bill for consideration on Monday next, at twelve
o'clock, for which hour he asked that it might be
made the special order; which was agreed to.
The'amendments were ordered to be printed,
and are as follows:
Page 8, line 11, after the word "effect," insert
" Provided, That no act of the Territorial Legisla-
ture shall become a law until approved by the Gov-
ern<?r."
Page 17, line 1, after the word "that," insert
" inasmuch as the said territory is north of the par-
allel of 36° 30' of north latitude, usually known as
the ' Missouri compromise.' "
Page 19, lines 22, 23, strike out the words
"2,500 dollars," and insert " the highest amount
now allowed to a member of Congress from any
State of the Union."
Paee 23, section 24, line 5, strike out the words
"at Nisqually," and insert " in Puget's Sound."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the bill to revive a
portion of an act for the relief of the widows of de-
ceased soldiers, with an amendment,
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported, without amend-
ment, a bill for the relief of Shadrach Gillett and
others.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, it was
Ordered, That from and after Monday next, the
daily hour of meeting of the Senate shall be ten
o'clock, a. m.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from citizens of Philadelphia, praying Con-
! gress to purchase the estate of Mount Vernon;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS also presented a petition from the
widow of the late Alexander H. Everett, for the
settlement of his accounts; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, reported a bill to provide for
carrying into effect the first article of the treaty be-
tween the United States and the Mexican Repub-
lic, and establishing a boundary line between the
two countries.
The bill was read a first and second time, when
its further consideration was postponed until Mon-
day.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, [the previous
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill to grant to the State
of Arkansas certain unsold lands subject to over-
flow, for purposes of internal improvement, edu-
cation, and for other purposes.
The bill was read a second time, and being under
consideration as in Committee of the Whole— „
Mr. BORLAND explained, that there was about
4,807,000 acres of land of this description in the
State of Arkansas, which were entirely useless,
and without value in their present condition. Be-
fore they could be brought into cultivation, an
embankment must be made. In the hands of the
State this would be accomplished, and some im-
portant public works would be competed without
application for aid to the General Government.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, asked what was
the quantity of lands of this description in the ad-
joining States, as well as in Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND replied, that the total amount
was about twenty-four millions.
Mr. CALHOUN thought that the General Gov-
ernment ought to do something for the purpose of
reclaiming this immense mass of unsalable and
useless lands. He had reported a bill for the pur-
pose, and he hoped this-matter would not be
pressed until he could call up his bill, which he
would do next session.
Mr. YULEE thought there mightbesome doubt
as to the power of the Government according to
the view of the Senator from South Carolina. The
best way would be to pass this bill, to only a por-
tion of which he had any objection.
Mr. WESTCOTT stated' that there were fouy
millions of acres of land similar in their character,
in Florida, and he was glad to find that there was
some prospect of their being reclaimed and made
of value. He hoped the condition would be
stricken out.
Mr. YULEE moved to strike out the conditions
by which the State bound herself to a certain speci-
fied disposition of the proceeds.
Mr. NILES felt some alarm at the extent of the
donation.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the bill was
laid on the table for the present.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend the bill by
inserting a clause appropriating " for compensa-
tion to S. Prevost, United Stales consul at Lima,
for diplomatic services, §1,800;" which was agreed
to.*
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend the bill by
inserting a clause appropriating <{ for compensa-
tion to Charles G. Anderson, for services as acting
charge d'affaires at Paris during the absence of
the United States minister, $1,0G6 67."
Mr. MILLER asked where General Cass was
at this time ?
Mr. HANNEGAN. On an excursion to the
Holy Land.
Mr. MILLER said this was the first case of an
application for extra pay, while the minister was
only temporarily absent on an excursion.
Mr. HANNEGAN believed it had been always
customary to make such an allowance.
Mr. ICING said that no such practice had,
within his "knowledge, prevailed. It certainly was
not so in his case, and he had been sometimes
absent from Paris for a month or two, visiting
various parts of the continent for recreation. He
thought the precedent a dangerous one.
After a few words from Mr. DAYTON and Mr.
MASON—
Mr. HANNEGAN said he had merely presented
the amendment for consideration. It was for the
Senate to decide as to its adoption or rejection.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend the bill by
inserting a clause granting compensation to Wil-
liam M. Blackford, late charge d 'affaires to the
Republic of New Granada, $1,125; which was
agreed to.
An amendment moved by Mr. ALLEN, appro-
priating compensation to J. B. Brown, dragoman
to the fate Commodore Porter at Constantinople,
was negatived.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the bill
by inserting an appropriation of §4,500 to pay a
cjajm 0f Dodge, late commeicial agent in
Europe; which wasagieed to.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to amend the bill,
by inserting an appropriation for expenses of
running and marking the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico, and paying the
