1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
salaries of the officers of the commission, a sum
not exceeding $50,000; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved to amend
the bill by inserting a clause to reappropriate, from
the surplus fund, §4,070 appropriated for payment
for certain operations at Appalachicola, Florida;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, moved to amend
the bill by inserting a clause for the reimbursement
©f certain railroad and steamboat companies for
maintaining a light-boat on Fisher's Island Sound,
between New York and Stonington; which was
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. YXJLEE, the bill was amend-
ed by inserting an appiopriation for rent and fuel
for additional offices of the Nary Department.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the bill was further
amended by inserting a proviso, that .when a cap-
tain of the navy shall be at the head of the Pro-
vision Bureau, he shall be entitled to his usual
pay.
Mr. DIX moved to amend the bill by inserting
a clause appropriating for the reimbursement to
Commodore De Kay, for expenses incurred by him
in his voyage in the Macedonian, while em-
ployed in carrying provisions to Ireland, a sum
not exceeding §16,000.
Some debate took place on this amendment^ in
which Messrs. BRIGHT, DIX, WESTCOTT,
YULEE, FOOTE, DAYTON, PEARCE, BAD-
GER, BUTLER, ALLEN, PHELPS, HOUS-
TON, DICKINSON, NILES, and MAN GUM,
took part.
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON moved to amer.d the bill by in-
serting an appropriation for the purchase of the
manuscript papers of Thomas Jefferson, §30,000.
Mr. PEARCE moved to amend the amendment
by inserting a similar appropriation for the pur-
chase of the manuscript papers of Alexander Ham-
ilton.
Mr. MASON accepted the amendment as a
modification of his amendment; and, after a brief
debate, the amendment was agreed to, as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Badsrer, Baldwin, Borland, Clarke, Cor-
win, Dayton, Dod?e, Downs Foote, Greene. Ilannejran,
IJoustim, Hauler, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisi-
ana, King, Manffum, Mason,Metcalfe, Aii)ler,Pearce,Phelps,
JSeba-tian, Spiuance, and Uphani—-25.
Messrs. Allen. Atchison, Atherton, Brepse,
Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson,
D.x, Felcii, Fitzserald. JJale, Hamhn, Jolin-on of Georgia,
Niles, Stutyeon, Turiiev, WalKer, and Yulee—'20.
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the follow-
ing clause :
For payment of the first volume of the fifth series of the
Documeritaiy Ilisioiy, under contract with the fcSeeretdiy of
State, twentHour thousand three humlieri and twenty-
seven doltais.
Ths yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken, was decided as follows:
VEAS—Me?srs. Alien, Atchison, Benton, Borland, Brad-
bury, Breese, Bright, Calhoun, Davis ot Mississippi. Dickin-
son, Di.y, Dodge, Downs, Felch, FitzgeiaJd, Hamlin, John-
son of Georgia, King. Lewis, Mies, Sebastian, Sturgeon,
Turnev, Walker, and Yulee—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Badger, Baldwin, CLuke, Cor-
\vin, Davis o! Mas>achnsett&, Dayton, Fooic, Gi^cne, Hous-
ton, Johnson ot Maiyiand, Johnson of Louisiana, Miller,
Pearce, and Cpham—io.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend by inserting
the following:
For compensation to*Dr. Torry, of Princeton, New Jer-
sey, for Ins sei vices in classifying and superintending the
engraving, and defraying the expenses of encraving the
botanical specimens brought on Irom California, Oiegon,
and the We>t, by J. C. Frdmont, the sum of $4,000. °
And the question being taken, it was decided as
follows:
YLAS—Messrs. Bell, Borland, Breese, Da> ton, Johnson
of Jjfiisiai'n, Miller, and Peaicc—7.
NAYS—.vlessrs. Allen, Atchison, Atheiton, Badger, Ber-
rien, Bii«ht, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of
Mas-achu-cft*, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson. Dix, Doug-
las Felch, Ilamiegan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson ol Mary-
land, Johnson of Georaia, King, Lewis, Mason. Metcalfe,
Seba-tian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Tuiney, and Walkei— 30,
Mr. HANNEGAN moved an amendment, to
insert: "For compensation to a Doorkeeper of the
President of the United States, $600," which was
decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, lJaldwin, Borland, Breese, But-
lor. Douyhi-, Crieeue. Halo, H.tnnvgan, Houston, Johnson
of M.inland, Niles, Seb.istian, YVestcott, and Yuhe—15.
XAVri—Messrs. Allen. Atchison, Atherton, Ik-ll. Beirien,
Bright, Davis of Ma—achusetts, Davis ot Mississippi. Day-
ton, Diekin^on, Di v, l).>wn>. Felch. Foote, liamhn, Johnson
ot Loui-iana, Johnson ot Ccotgia, King, Metoalte, Miller,
Spiuance, Turney, and Walker—-23.
The bill wan then reported to the Senate, and
Aug: 5,
the question being on concurring in the following
amendment:
After line 620, insert: "For the adjustment and
extinguishment, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of State, of the claims of the Spanish Gov-
ernment against the United States, recommended
by the President's message, $50,000." _
The question was taken, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Bell,
Berrien, Borland, Butler, Davis of Mississippi, iJayton,
Dickinson, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Hannegan, Hunter,
Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson ot Georgia, King, Lewis,
Sebastian, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—24. ,
NAYf?—Messrs Baldwin, Benton,Breese, Bright,Clarke,
Corwip, Davis of Massachusetts, Dix, Felch, Greene, Hale!
Hamlin, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Miller, Niles,
Pearee, Phelps, Spruanec, Underwood, Vphain,and Walkei
—22.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment appropriating $141,055 91 to cer-
tain Creek Indians, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin,Bell, Butler,
Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dick-
inson, Dix, Douglas, Downs, Foole, Greene, Hale, Hanne-
gan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, Johnt-on of Lou-
isiana, Lewis, Miller, Niles, I'iietps, Upham, Walker, West-
cott, and Yulee—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Benton, Breese, Bright,
Felch, Hamlin. Johnson of Georgia, King, Pearce, Spruance,
Turney, and Underwood—13.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment appropriating for continuing and
completing the surveys and explorations to be
made by J. C. Fremont in Oregon and California,
$30,000, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bell, Benton, Borland,
Breese, Bright, Dickinson, Dix. Douirlas, Felch, Ilale, Ham-
lin, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Sebastian, Underwood,
and Westcott—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Butler, Corwin, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Hannegan, Johnson
of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia. Kins, Lewis, Miller,
Pearce, Spruance, Turney, and Yulee—16.
The question was then taken on an amendment
offered by Mr. Dix, to insert, for compensation
and expenses of a commercial agent, to be selected
and sent abroad by the President to collect inform-
ation respecting the commerce, productions, aud
statistics of Asia and Eastern Africa, §10,000; and
decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atheiton, Badirer, Bell, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Foote,Hamlin, Hannegan,
Houston, Johnson of Mary land, Johnson of Louisiana, Lewis,
and Niles—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Benton, Rorland, Breese.
Bright, Butler, Corwin, Feleil, King, Metcalfe. Millerj
Pearce, Spruance, Tuiney, Underwood! Walker, Westcott,
and Yulee—19. ' '
All the other amendments made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole of the Senate were then con-
curred in.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
The Senate then (11 o'clockp. m.) proceeded to
the consideration of Executive business; and in a
few minutes the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 7, 1848.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The question before the House when it ad-
journed on Saturday last, was on reconsidering
the vote by,which the bill making appropriations
for the support of the army for the year ending
June 30, 1849, was ordered to be engrossed, and
on which Mr. Kaufman had moved the previous
question. The question this morning being on
seconding the previous question —
Mr. HUNT appealed to Mr. Kaufman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for five
minutes.
Mr. KAUFMAN yielded to the appeal, on con-
dition that the gentleman would not occupy more
than five minutes, and on the pledge that he would
renew the demand.
Mr. HUNT accepted the pledge, and said he
had not risen with a view of consuming the time
of the House in any discussiun upon the motion
to reconsider. What he desired to say was, that,
although in his opinion it would have been entirely
proper to have incorporated the provisions of the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Thompson] into this bill when it was originally
reported, or when it was under the consideration
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, he was still of opinion that, at this .stage
of the session—the army appropriation bill having
already been engrossed, and being now at the very
point of passage—it was expedient to facilitate the
business of the session by passing the army bill
through at once. He considered that the amend-
ment of the gentleman was strictly in order to the
army bill, on the ground that the improvement of
rivers and harbors was necessary for the defence
of the country, and for the additional reason that
all the expenditures proposed were to be made
under the diiection of the War Department. But
as this bill had been matured in Committee of the
Whole an the state of the Union, and was now so
far advanced towards its passage, he felt indisF-
posed to incumber it, or take up the time of the
House in discussing the question of harbor and
river improvements in connection with this bill.
He wished to state to the House, moreover, that,
when the army bill was passedvhe intended to
move immediately to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and to postpone
previous orders for the purpose of taking up the
harbor and river bill. That bill had been reported
a long time since by the Committee on Commerce,
and was now ready for the action of the commit-
tee, and might be passed in a very short time, if
the majority who were in favor of that system
would act together, and press it to its passage. He
thought it might be passed at once, after the army
bill was voted on.
In compliance with his pledge, he renewed ths
demand for the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, remarking that it was
too important a bill to be acted on in so thin a
House, moved a call of the House.
The yeas and nays were taken on ordering a
call, and resulted: yeas 75, nays 86.
So the House determined there should not be a
call.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put, viz:
Will the House reconsider the vote by which the
bill (army appropriation bill) was ordered to be
engrossed r The question was decided in the neg-
ative, by yeas and nays, as follows: yeas 57,
; nays 117.
j The bill was then read a third time and passed.
' Mr. THOMPSON moved to reconsider the vote
1 by which the bill was passed.
j Mr. T. then entered into some remarks in regard
i to inaccuracies in the report published this morn-
; ing of the remarks he made on Saturday last rela-
I tive to the expediency of making appropriations
| for improving the navigation of the western rivers.
' His views to-day were also generally confined to
i the subject of river improvement.
' Mr. HUNT made a few brief remarks in reply
to Mr. Thompson, and concluded by moving to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider the vote on
the passage of the bill; which was agreed to.
Mr! DARLING moved the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be paid, out of the contingent fund
of the House, to the officers. clerks, messengers, pages, and
laborers thereof, the compensation usually paid by tlie'House
and Senate at the close of a session.
Mr. D. moved the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay ths
resolution on the table; which motion was decided
by yeas and nays in the negative: yeas 54, nays
121.
The question recurring on seconding the demand
for the previous question-
Mr. DARLING modified his resolution to read
as follows.
Resolved, That there be paid, out of the contingent fund
of the House, to the assistant clerks, messengers, pages,
and laborers thereof, including folders and policeof theC.tp-
ltol. with us messenger and laborer, the extra compensation
usually allowed b> the House and Senate at the close of a
session.
The previous question was seconded, and, under
the operation thereof, the resolution was agreed
to, by yeas and nays: yeas 119, nays 51.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; which motion was laid on ths
table.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the amendments
of the Senate to the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill were refeired to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
j SENATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. BOYD,' the following Senate
