1848.
bills were taken up, read, and referred to appro
priate committees, viz:
A bill to compensate R. M. Johnson for the
erection of certain buildings for the use of the
viioctaw Academy.
A bill for the relief of Ward and Smith.
A bill to grant to the State of Wisconsin the
military reservation.at Fort. Winnebao-o.
A bill for. the relief of Shadrach' Giilet and
others.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolution
•of the House concerning certain portions of the
marine corps.
The amendments were severally read and con-
curred in.
"So the joint resolution stands passed.
tfjvu.wa NT TO JACKSON.
The House proceeded to consider the joint reso-
lution of the Senate granting to the Jackson Mon-
ument Committee certain brass guns and mortars
captured by General Jackson, and for other pur-
poses. . 1
It was read three times and passed.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider this vote. He said, he had no objection to
give,a monument to the brave old soldier; but he
was not willing to give for this purpose all the brass
urdnance in the service which might be technically
reported unfit for service.
Mr. COLLAMER stated, that there had been
many pieces of ordnance taken from the enemy
during the Revolution, and many also were taken
in the last war, which were now unfit for service.
And why? Because most of those of brass were
light pieces, and not sufficiently strong to resist
the greatly increased strength of gunpowder as
now^sed; for the modern improvements in the
manufacture of that article had been such that its
strength was now more than doubled; besides,
these light pieces recoiled so much as to be unfit
for modern practice. This being borne in mind,
let gentlemen look at this resolution, and they
would perceive, that if it were passed in its present
form, it would authorize the delivering up of all the
trephies won by the brave achievements of the
army of the Revolution, and they would all be
melted up. Many-of them were taken at York-
town, at the surrender of Cornwallis. Were gen-
tlemen prepared for a result like this? He had no
objection that all the cannon taken by General Jack-
son himself should be appropriated to this use; but
he must object to giving up the precious trophies of
the Revolution. He therefore desired that the bill
should be amended by adding a proviso, providing
that it should not be consideied as including the
pieces taken from the enemy in the war of the
Revolution.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said, he was not
only willing that General Jackson should have a
monument of brass, but one (ere perennius; but he
hoped the House would take care to exclude from
the grant'the trophies to which the gentleman from
Vermont had alluded for the erection of a monu-
ment to anybody. And he demanded the previous
question.
He withdrew it, however, at the request of—
Mr. PALFREY, who took the same ground,
objecting to giving up the trophies of the Revolu-
tion. Should such a thing be done, it would out-
rage the public feeling in all parts of the country.
JVIr. P. might be willing to vote money for the pro-
posed monument, but never to devote to its erection
materials so sacred as these. Could it be heard of
with any patience, that pieces of cannon like those
which used to be paraded on training days on
Boston Common, known by the names of" Han-
cock" and " Adams," and with those names in-
scribed upon them, captured, if he remembered
right, in one of the battles of the Revolution, and
given by the Continental Congress to Massachu-
setts—could it be heard of without indignation, that
historical objects like these were melted up into a
monument to General Jackson, because the head
of the Ordnance Department reported them " unfit
for service ?" The country would not endure such
a profanation.
Mr. McCLERNAND wished to have read the
Memorial of the Monument Committee. He said,
as he understood the language of that memorial, it
prayed that certain brass pieces taken at Pensa-
eola, together with such others as might be report-
ed unserviceable by the chief of the Ordnance
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Department, might be taken for this purpose. It
had last year been supposed that the ordnance
taken at Pensaeola would be sufficient. But it was
no w found that a small addition of other brass pieces
would be requisite, and they prayed that such
might be granted them as were unfit for the public
service. '
_ Mr. SCHENCK inquired whether, in these ad-
tional pieces, were included the guns taken during
the Revolution ? °
[Great disorder pftvailing, little could be heard
distinctly.] ,
Mr. EVANS moved again the previous ques- 1
"on, which was seconded; and the main question
being on reconsidering, it was carried. So the
vote adopting the resolution in its present form was
reconsidered.
The question then recurringon reconsidering the
vote by which the resolution had been ordered to
its third reading, it was carried.
Mr. McCLERNAND then proposed to add a
proviso excluding the trophies of the Revolution.
[About twenty gentlemen were here on their
feet at once, endeavoring to address the Chair 1
Messrs. McCLERNAND and SCHENCK made
re*l?rk« °oTJnr rCtIy audible in the confusion, j
Mr HASKELL reminded the House that when '
he had introduced a resolution for the erection of
a monument to the memory of Mr. Adams, the
riouse had voted it down. He moved to lav the
resolution on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to express
shame that the House should for a moment think
of indulging a resolution like this after havin°- re-
™ a^r°T5Tent to tlle £reatest man in the land.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, was opposed to givino-
up the venerable and precious trophies of the valor
of our ancestors to any general whatever. They
belonged to the country; they should descend from
generation to generation; they were so many heir-
looms, which ought to descend to posterity, to
show what their ancestors had done. He was op-
posed to the whole proceeding. He would not
vote such a gift to commemorate either Taylor or
ocott, or any other man, however distinguished
patriotic, or brave. He moved to Jay the resolu-
tion on the table, and demanded the yeas and nays-
Which were taken, and resulted: Yeas 74, nays
1045
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the resolution
by striking out the words, " together with such
other pieces of brass ordnance reported 1 unser-
viceable,' as the chief of the Ordnance Office may
deem sufficient for the purposes of the said com-
mittee.
Mr. McCLERNAND said there seemed to be
much misapprehension upon this subject. A mem- 11
ber of the committee appointed by the Jackson i1
Monument Association had placed'in his hands !
their memorial, asking thp donation of certain !
brass pieces, to be used in the construction of an 1 •'
equestrian statue to the memory of General Andrew ! i
Jackson. The pieces asked for consist of four 11
four-pounder brass guns, and two nine-inch brass
mortars, weighing in all 4,930 pounds, reported lo
be unserviceable, which were captured by General
Jackson at Pensaeola.
A contract had been made by the committee with
Mr. Clark Mills, of Charleston, for the construc-
tion of the statue, at a cost of $12,000, of which I
$11,500 had already been contributed by a gen- I
erous and grateful public. There was now no 1
doubt but that an ample sum would be received i
for the construction of the statue in a tasteful and I
substantial form. The statue was to be one-thiid I
larger than life, and was to be completed within 1
two years from the date of the contract with the
artist. It was to have a place ill the public grounds ii
in this city.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Kixg] had j
objected to the donation as a misapplication of '
national trophies for individual objects. But not ;
so. It had been an immemorial usage, to devote a '!
portion of the trophies won by great benefactors !'
to the perpetuation of their memories, and it was :.
a usage of salutary example, in its effect to stimu- i
late a noble emulation of great deeds and great i
services. ij
Mr. TOOMBS. Where has such a usa^-e pre- I
vailed? )
Mr. McCLERNAND. In Prance, where the 'j
column of Napoleon had been made of the cannon l'
captured at Austerlitz; and in Engl^dT^h^Tan
equestrian statue to Wellington had been made, or
Waterfoo^ ma^e' t'le brass pieces taken at
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. King] could
not be more mistaken than in supposing that it
was a misapplication of national trophies to devote
them to the perpetuation of the names oftheheroes
whose valor and patriotism had won them. The
name of Jackson—the brave, the wise, and the
incorruptible—was inseparably blended with the
glory of his country; his history would be a bright
and instructive portion of her history. To honor
his memory, therefore, was to honor his country,
which he so dearly loved, and which he so faith-
fully served.
At the last session of Congress, a resolution had
passed this House nem. con. granting the trophies
m question; and he hoped now, since the present
resolution was amended, it would be passed unani-
mously.
_ Mr. McCLERNAND moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, and, under the opera-
j tion thereof, the amendment was agreed to, and the
joint resolution was read a third time, and returned
to the Senate.
Mr. BOTTS, the rules being suspended for the
purpose, offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
he directed totumish to such members of the present House
as have not already received tliem, sueh hooks as were fur-
nished to the members of the 28th and 29th Congresses and
such other books as were distiibnted in the last Congress to
the members of the Senate • Provided, That this resolution
books1101 cons,trucd 10 autboiize the reprinting of such
Mr. BOTTS moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to, by yeas 116,
nays 58.
Mr. BOTTS moved to reconsider the vote, and
also moved that that motion be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA AND NEW MEXICO.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table; which was agreed to.
The first business in order were the messages of
the President in relation to the treaty of peace with
Mexico, and in relation to the boundaries of New
Mexico and California, &c.
Mr. VENABLE continued his remarks from a
former day upon the question of the constitutional
power of Congress to legislate upon the subject
of slavery, in denial of the existence of which he
warmly argued; leplying to the remarks of Mr.
Donnell, Mr. Bovdon, and other gentlemen, and
was interrupted in the midst of his remarks by the
termination of his hour.
Mr. STEPHENS followed in an argumentative
speech on the subject of the compromise bill re-
cently passed by the Senate (which was laid on
; the table by the House of Representatives) and on
j the Territories acquired from Mexico. He con-
j tended thafthat bill did not settle the question
which has agitated and still agitates the Union; it
only postponed it. Mr. S.'s remarks were cut off
by the expiration of his hour.
Mr. BINGHAM succeeded to the floor after
Mr. Stephens, and delivered a speech on general
topics of discussion. When he concluded—
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
was ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the messages
on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, at a few minutes before
four o/clock, moved that the House adjourn, and
also called for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, resulted: Yeas 36', nays 80. So the House
refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion that the
messages be laid on the table.
It was decided in the affirmative: Yeas 76, nays
64.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the last vote be reconsidered.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House adjourn. Lost.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. Agreed to.
RIVERS AND I-IARBORS.
Mr. HUNT moved that the House resolve itself
