1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 7,
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn. Lost: ayes 64, noes 67.
The question recurred on the motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
It was decided in the affirmative: Teas 65,
nays 58. *
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Cabell, of Florida, in the Chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired what
was the order of business ?
The CHAIR replied, that the bill appropriating
for the construction of a dry dock in New York
was fiist on the calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON said he believed the rules had
been changed so as to allow the majority of the
committee to take up any bills they saw fit; and
he moved to take up Senate bill No. 33.
Mr. HUNT moved that the first nineteen bills
on the calendar be passed over, and that bill No.
170, making appropriations for the preservation
and repairs of the public works upon certain har-
bors and rivers, and for the survey of certain har-
bors, be taken up.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for the reading
of the rule recently adopted regulating the order of
business in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; which was read, and provides that
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, bills shall be taken up and disposed of in
their order; but when objection is made to the con-
sideration of a bill, a majority of the committee
shall decide without debate whether it shall be
taken up and disposed of, provided that the general
appropriation and certain specified bills shall be
first in order.
Mr. C. made the point that, under the rule
which had been read, the committee must take up
each bill in the order of the calendar; and objec-
tions being made to the consideration of that par-
ticular bill, the committee must determine whether
it would take it up or proceed to the next bill.
Mr. VINTON hoped that course would be
taken, and the committee could vote all the billfc
down till they got to the river and harbor bill.
Mr. HUNT objected to the consideration of the
first bill.
Mr. COBB claimed the floor, and called the gen-
tleman to order. He asked for the reading of the
first bill, that the committee might vote advisedly
upon taking it up.
Mr. HUNT objected to the reading of the bill.
[Great excitement.] He insisted that the gentle-
man had no right to call for the reading of the bill
until the committee decided to take it up.
The CHAIR sustained Mr. Hunt's view of the
question of order, and decided that the committee
must first decide whether they would take up the
bill before it was competent to insist upon its read-
in£-
Mr. COBB appealed from that decision, and on
that appeal had a few words to say.
Mr. HUNT called the gentleman from Georgia
to order, and claimed that the appeal was not de-
batable.
Mr. COBB called the gentleman from New York
to order, and claimed the floor on a previous ques-
tion of order.
Mr. FARAN called for the readingof the rule.
Mr. HUNT said the order of business was not
open to debate, and consequently an appeal from
a decision as to that order could not be, debatable.
He raised the point of order that the gentleman's
remarks were not in order.
Mr. COBB (still retaining the floor) said, the j
gentleman fiom New York had no right to make
a point of order when one point was pending.
[Loud cries of "order."]
The CHAIR decided that the appeal was not
debatable.
Mr. COBB appealed from that decision, and
proceeded to say that it was a new rule, and lie
wished to test the application of it. [Loud cries
of " order."]
The question was taken by tellers on the last
appeal, and the vote stood : Ayes 84, noes 16—no
quorum.
[Cries of, " Call the roll."]
Mr. HUNT hoped a new count would be taken.
It was evident there was a large quorum here, and
gentlemen were refusing to vote.
The CHAIR. The teller? will resume their
places, and the vote will continue.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, (one of the tel-
lers:) The tellers have finished their report. The
vote was, ayes 84, noes 16. [Cries of, " Call the
roll"]
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the committee
rise; but—
The CHAIR ordered the Clerk to call the roll
tinder the rule; which having been done—
The SPEAKER resumed ^he chair, and the
Chairman reported the names of the absentees
to the House, to be entered on the Journal.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, and Mr. HALL, of
Missouri, called for the reading of the names of the
absentees.
The names of the absentees were read, and a
quorum having appeared, the committee resumed
its session, and, under the direction of the Chair-
man, the tellers took their places.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was not received, as the committee
were dividing upon the appeal, the question being
" Slfall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
The affirmative vote having been announced 86,
and but few more gentlemen voting—
The CHAIR said, he should feel under the ne-
cessity of calling upon gentlemen by name if they
did not vote.
[Cries of, " That's right; call the names of those
that refuse to vote."]
Mr. MEADE rose and asked the Chair if there
was a rule of the House  
The CHAIR interposed and said : The gentle-
man from Virginia, Mr. Meade, will vote upon
this question.
Mr. MEADE asked if there was a rule of the
House on this question; and, until he ascertained,
he asked to be excused from voting.
The tellers, during this time, were receiving
other votes of gentlemen, who were slowly and
reluctantly passing between them, and now re-
ported ayes 90, noes 30.
So the decision of the Chair that the (first) ap-
peal was not debatable was sustained.
Mr. COBB claimed that the question now re-
curred on his previous appeal.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the committee rise, and on that motion called for
tellers.
The CHAIR propounded the question, and an-
nounced that it was decided in the affirmative, (by
the sound.-)
Mr. THOMPSON insisted, with much warmth,
upon the question being taken by tellers.
The CHAIR stated that the call for tellers came
to his ear too late
Some conversation ensued upon this point be-
tween Mr. THOMPSON, Mr. McKAY, the
CHAIR, and other gentlemen. [Great confusion
and excitement.]
The CHAIR announced the question on the
first appeal.
Tellers were ordered, and after some time, and
not without the Chairman repeating that he should
be constrained to call gentlemen by name who re-
mained in their seats and refused to vote, a quo-
rum voted, and the vote was announced: Ayes 99,
noes 17.
So the decision of the Chair, that it was not
competent to call for the reading of the bill prior
to the decision of the committee whether they
would take it up, was sustained.
Mr. FARAN moved that the committee rise,
with the view (he said) of moving to take a recess
to half-past seven. Rejected: Ayes 54, noes 78.
The question then recurred on laying aside the
first bill on the calendar.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for tellers on that
question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
committee rise, with a view of moving an adjourn-
ment.
The CHAIR decided that motion to be out of
order.
Tellers were then ordered, and the committee
agreed to lay the first bill aside—95 in the affirma-
tive, and 20 in the negative.
Mr. JOHNSON then renewed his motion that
the committee rise, with the view of moving an
adjournment.
Mr. HUNT inquired if that motion was in order ?
The CHAIR said it was, and he stated the ques-
tion to be on the motion to rise.
The motion was negatived, the vote being taker?
by tellers.
Mr. HUNT then moved to take up bill No.
170, the 3ist on the calendar, being a bill making
appropriations for the preservation and repairs of
, the public works upon certain harbors and rivers,
and for the survey of certain harbors. He said
his motion came within the 80th rule of the House,
which is in these terms: " General appropriation
bills shall be in order in preference to any other
bills of a public nature, unless otherwise ordered
by a majority of the House."
The CHAIRMAN stated the question on the
motion of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HUNT said it was certainly in order, as
the bill made appropriations for unfinished works.
Several gentlemen appealed to the Chair to
know whether he decided that motion in order
under the 80th rule?
The CHAIRMAN said he did. The bill ap-
peared to be of a sufficiently general character to
eome under the 80th rule.
Mr. COBB appealed from the decision of the
Chair. It was an unprecedented decision. [Or-
der, order.] He asked the Chair [Order, or-
der.] It was useless for gentlemen to try that
game. [Order, order.] He rose to ask a question
of the Chair. He desired to know if this commit-
tee were not entitled to the benefit of a reading of
that bill as well as the Chair, that they might be
able properly to decide upon it. He hoped the bill
might be read.
Mr. HUNT concurred in the wish that the biH
might be read.
The Clerk read the bill accordingly.
Mr. COBB then asked for tellers on his appeal,
and they were ordered. 0
The tellers took the vote, and, though stilrre-
tainiog their positions, announced that there were
77 in the affirmative and 21 in the negative.
[Several voices: " Less than a quorum."]
Mr. JOHNSON called upon the tellers to report.
Mr. EVANS said they could not be compelled
to report.
Mr. VINTON hoped the members in their seats
would be required to vote.
Mr. DUER, (one of the tellers.) We are still
counting.
Mr.' HOUSTON, of Alahama, (after a pause,)
i said, if there was nothing going on, he desired U>
make a motion.
The CHAIRMAN said the tellers were taking
a Tote.
The tellers then reported 78 in the affirmative
and 24 in the negative, being less than a quorum.
[•' Call the roll."]
Mr. VINTON hoped the Chair would require
gentlemen to vote. ["Call the roll."]
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, insisted on the rule
being carried out.
Mr. VINTON insisted that gentlemen should
be required to vote.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired if the gentle-
man from Ohio was in order. When there was
no quorum present, the rule required that the roll
should be called. He hoped that the rule would
be enforced. *
The CHAIRMAN said, there being no quorum
present, the rule required that the roll should be
called; the Clerk would therefore call the roll in
obedience to the rule.
The CLERIC called the roll accordingly, and
then the committee rose, and the Chairman reported
the nsmes of the absentees to the House, to be
entered on the Journal.
That duty having been discharged, the Chairman
again took the chair, and the committee resumed
its business, a quorum being present.
Mr. HUNT inquired what question was before
the committee. He hoped the question would be
taken on the appeal.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
on the appeal.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee, asked to be excused
from voting an the appeal, and on that he called
for tellers.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said the gentleman from
Tennessee was perfectly in order. He had a right
to ask to be excused, and to have a vote on that
motion.
The CHAIRMAN reminded the gentleman ftw*
Georgia that the tellers were taking the. vote on his
