1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLdM
1017
own appeal when the committee found itself with-
out a quorum, and that question was not yet dis-
posed of.
Mr. COBB said any gentleman had a right tq
ask to be excused from voting; and if the Chair
decided otherwise, he should take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ROOT rose and asked the unanimous con-
sent of the committee to make a proposition. If
any gentleman dissented from it, he would with-
draw it.
The CHAIRMAN inquired if there was any
objection.
Mr. ROOT (there being no objection) said, if
they could take up this bill, he, for one, should be
willing to allow to-morrow for a full and open dis-
cussion upon it. [Several voices: Wednesday, at
12 o'clock.] Well, he had no objection to fix 12
o'clock on Wednesday for the termination of
debate upon it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, agreed.
Mr. VINTON inquired if the five minutes' rule
was to remain in force ? ["Yes."] If so, it was
worthy of consideration, as two days more might
be consumed on amendments -and five minutes'
explanations.
Mr. ROOT said he had made the suggestion
without any consultation with his political friends,
in the hope that it would be found acceptable.
Mr. HUNT asked the general consent to make
a remark. He was willing to agree to the arrange-
ment, with the express understanding that the bill
shall be reported to the House on Wednesday at
12 o'clock. If that were not acquiesced in, he
agreed with the gentleman from Ohio fMr. Vin-
ton] that they might be kept here two days with
five minutes' explanations of amendments. Let it
be understood that the bill should be reported to
the House at 12 o'clock on Wednesday, and he
should be satisfied.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, begged it to be
understood that he was no party to such an ar-
rangement. He inquired what the question was
before the House?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was on the
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. COBB inquired if there was any objection
to the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Root.] For the purpose of testing the sense
of the committee on the proposition of the gentle-
man from Ohio, he would withdraw his appeal,
and move that the committee rise. He did it with
the understanding on his part, and on the part of
those around him, that this bill would be taken up
to-morrow morning, on going into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that the
debate should close on Wednesday at 12 o'clock.
Mr. VINTON. Will the gentleman further
agree that the five minutes' rule shall be suspend-
ed? ["Oh, no! oh, no!"]
Mr. COBB desired to say that there was no dis-
position on his side of the House to consume the
time of the committee for the purpose of delay.
In this he believed he spoke the sentiments of the
gentlemen around him.
Mr. WENTWORTH called upon the commit-
tee to proceed with its business.
Mr. ROQT desired to say one word. He was
not much in the habit of consuming the time of
the House. To avoid such scenes as he had seen
here, he made his proposition to the committee for
himself alone, and lie hoped, if it should be con-
curred in, and any gentleman was ready to pro-
ceed, the committee would sit, and allow the debate
to go on to-night.
Some irregular conversation and much confusion
prevailed for some minutes.
Mr. WENTWORTH inquired if the bill was
before the committee, the appeal having been with-
drawn?
The CHAIRMAN replied that the question was
on the motion to rise.
Mr. ROOT hoped no gentleman would agree to
rise on his proposition, for he had only thrown it
out as an individual member.
Mr. WENTWORTH again inquired if the ap-
peal had been peremptorily withdrawn?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the affirmative.
The motion to rise was then negatived.
Mr. COBB renewed his appeal. ["Too late."]
Mr. STANTON rose to a question of order.
He wished to know if it was now in order for the
gentleman from Georgia to appeal?
Mr. COB6 replied that no business had been
done except on a mere motion to rise. He said
his appeal was in order, and the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] wished to be excused from
voting upon it, and to have a vote by tellers there-
on.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, stated several rea-_
sons why the gentleman from Georgia was not in
-order.
- Mr. COBB briefly replied, amidst much confu-
sion.
The CHAIRMAN decided the appeal to be out
of order.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved that the committee
take up the bill for consideration. If the commit-
tee would consent to take up the bill, he hoped
they would then rise and report progress, that
they might in the House adopt a resolution to fix
a time to terminate debate which would be satis-
factory to bothsides of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama. There is no ob-
jection on this side of the House.
Mr. MOREHEAD, to test the §ense of the
committee, asked that the appeal might be with-
drawn, that he might make the motion which he
had indicated.
Mr. COBB withdrew his appeal, on the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. DUNCAN again begged it to be understood
that he was no party to any such arrangement.
Mr. VINTON said it was in the power of the
House at any tin^e to suspend any of its rules,
either perpetually or temporarily. If they debated
the bill for two days, he thought that would be
sufficient. He therefore proposed that the debate
should continue until Wednesday, at 12 or 2
o'clock, or at whatever time the committee should
think proper,and that the five minutes' rule should
then be suspended. [" Oh, no'"] If his sugges-
tion should be agreed to, they would then dispose
of this bill under the old rules of the House; that
is, every gentleman would have an opportunity to
vote on his amendment, but without debate.
Mr. MOREHEAD would suggest to his friend
from Ohio that they could get along without
making any order on that subject now. He had
an assurance from the other side of the House,
that there was no disposition to offer amendments
for the purpose of delay; and when the debate
shall be closed, and amendments shall be offered,
they could " sit them out,"he had no doubt; and,
further than that, if they found the five minutes'
rule embarrassing, surely a majority of the com-
mittee could rise, and in the House the five minutes'
rule could be suspended. He now moved that the
bill be taken up.
The CH AIRMAN,stated, that the appeal having
been withdrawn, the bill was before the commit-
tee.
Mr. MOREHEAD then moved that the com-
mittee rise and report progress; which was agreed
to, and the committee rose and reported accord-
ingly.
Mr. MOREHEAD then moved a resolution to
terminate debate, at ]2 o'clock on Wednesday, on
bill No. 170, making appropriations for the pres-
ervation and repairs of the publie works upon cer-
tain harbors and rivers, and for the survey of cer-
tain harbors.
Under the operation of the previous question,
the resolution was agreed to; and—
On motion of Mr. COBBs of Georgia, a motion
to reconsider was made and laid on the table. 1|
Mr. CABELL offered a resolution to provide j
that hereafter it shall not be in order for any gen- |>
tleman to make a motion to adjourn before 8 !
o'clock, p. m., and that a recess should be taken i!
each day from 2 to 4 o'clock. Rejected. " r
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS. !j
On motion of Mr. ROOT, the House again re- |j
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the |j
state of the Union, (Mr. Cabell in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the bill No. 170, '
making appropriations for the preservation and
repairs of the public works upon certain harbors ;
and rivers, and for the survey of certain har-
bors. . !
And a debate arose thereon, which was contin- j
ued from this time (about sixo'clock, p. m.) till
eleven at night, which was participated in by j!
Messrs. HUNT, (in explanation of the bill,) ij
HOLMES of New York, MARVIN, TURNER, |!
VINTON, and WICK; after which, the commit- II
tee rose, and the House adjourned. "
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 7, 1848.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen*,
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, showing the quantity of sugar imported
during the fiscal year ending June 30,1847; which
was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the Secretary of State, communi-
cating a copy of the joint report of the commis-
sioners under the treaty of Washington of August
9, 1842; which was ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Ej.
Fitzgerald and others, asking to be paid for their
attendance as witnesses in the city of St. Louis
against a certain Garret Long; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON presented a petition from the legal
representatives of Robert P. Carter, asking a set-
tlement of the accounts of Roddy Carter and Jen-
nings, contractors for provisions during the war of
1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WALKER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of the improve-
ment of the harbors on the western shores of Lake
Michigan; which were laid on the table and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition from the offi-
cers and men of the Louisiana volunteers, asking
indemnity for losses sustained by them in conse-
quence of the wrecking of the vessel while on their
way to the seat of war.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENTON, from the committee on the part
of the Senate to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution of the House relative to the projpedings and
debates of Congress, made a report, which was
ordered to be printed; and, on motion" of Mr.
H.tRE, one thousand extra copies were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made adverse reports on the
claim of Joseph Barclay and of Reuben M. Gibbs.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on House bill for the relief
of Levi Colmus.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same committee,
asked that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the following petitions:
Of Mary Ann Bronaugh, of Catharine Hoffman,
of Priscilla Decatur Twiggs, and of Sarah A.
Mackay.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported House bill requiring all moneys
receivable from customs, and from all other sources,
to be paid immediately into the treasury, without,
abatement or deduction, and for other purposes,
with amendments.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John
Crawford; which was read twice, and referred.
The army appropriation bill was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. BENTON gave rnotice that he would, at
the commencement of the next session of Con-
gress, ask leave to bring in a bill to release the
members of the late court-martial whereof Briga-
dier General Brooke was president, and before
which the ex-lieutenant colonel of mounted rifles,
J. C. Fremont, was tried, and the judge advocate,
from their oath of secrecy, according to the pre-
cedent set by the British House of Commons in
the case of Admiral Byng.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Johnson, of Maryland, was taken up and adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform th^&nate. at the earliest period, whether
he has any infoxmatioff that any citizen or citizens of the
United States is or are now pieparing, or intending to pre-
pare, within the United Suites, an expedition to revolution-
ize bv force anv part of the Republic of Mexico, or to assist
in so'doinff; and, if he has, what is the extent of such prep-
aration, and whether he has or is about to take any steps to
arrest the same.
LAJYDS IN ARKANSAS.
On motion of Mr. BORLAND, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to grant to the State ot
Arkansas certain unsold lands subject to overflow,
for the purpose of internal improvement, educa-
tion, and other purposes in said State.
Mr. KING thought it would be best to limit the
