1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Charles
F. Sibbald, asking that his claims may be adjusted
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from
merchants and other citizens of Charleston, asking
that the great southern mail may be restored to its
direct route; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported House bill for the relief of David
Thomas, of Philadelphia, without amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on House bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of Amelia
Brereton.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, asked that th£
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Villeneuve le Blanc, and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his pa-
pers.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the following memo-
rials: Of Eliza A. Mellon, of E. P. Hastings, of
Candace Munn; also, from the documents relating
to the claim of John Ellis.
The amendment of the House of Representatives
to the joint resolution giving certain pieces of brass
cannon to the Jackson Monument Society, was
taken up and concurred in.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the bill to change
the times of holding the district court of the Uni-
ted States for the western district of Virginia, was
taken up, considered, and passed.
The following resoluiion of the Select Commit-
tee, in relation to reporting the proceedings of
Congress, came up for consideration:
Resolved, That, in order to secure a more full, impartial,
and prompt pubhcatuon of the proceedings And debates of
the Senate, th« Secretary of the Senate be, and he hereby is,
authorized and directed to enter into a contract, to take
effect from this day, with the proprietors of each of the
daily papers m tins city, the National Intelligencer and the
Union, and to continue until otherwise ordered by the Sen-
ate. for the daily publication, in each paper, of all the debates
and proceedings of the Senate, and lor the early subsequent
publication of such speeches, as ineiriber.-s may choose moie
carefully to revise and write out at full length,for which the
Secretary is authorized to make weekly payment at the
rate of s>even dollars and fifty cents for a column of brevier
type: Provided, That the proceedings and current debater
be transferred to the.country edition of said papers, and one
copy of the dailv edition of each paper shall be furnished
to each member duiingtbe session withottt'additional charge.
Mr. WESTCOTT, for the purpose of waiting
the action of the House on the subject, moved to
lay the resolution on the table for the present;
which was agreed to. '
Mr. DICKINSON moved to take up his motion
to reconsider the vole on the third reading of the
bill for the relief of John Devlin, and the motion
to reconsider was decided in the negative.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to fur-:
nish, at Uip nextspssion of Congie*s, a general mapfiom the
reconnoij-sances and surveys of Topographical Engineers,
showing the operation of the army of the United States in
Texas and the adjacent Mexican territory on the Rio Grande,
to be accompanied with the astronomical observations and
descriptive and military memoirs ot the countiy traversed by
the troops of the United States.
Mr. D. briefly explained, that the country re-
ferred to in the resolution had been veiy little
explored, and that we knew nothing about it. The
map and memoirs would be invaluable for future
operations.
On motion of Mr. BELL,
Resolved, That the Secretai y of War be requested to com-
municate to th« Senate copies of the report of the Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs of St. Louis, in relation to the dif-
ficulties which took place lastfall at the paymentof the Sacs
and Fox annuities, together with all the accompanying tes-
timony and papers, and any proceedings which the depait-
ment may have taken in teference thereto.
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the bill granting to the State
of Alabama the right of way and a donation of
public lauds for making a railroad from Mobile to
the mouth of the Ohio river. And the bill having
been read—
Mr. BliNTON moved toamend the bill by adding
a grant to the State of Missouri of the right of way
and a donation of land for making a railroad con-
necting the town of St. Joseph, on the Missouri
river, with the town of Hannibal, on the Missis-
sippi river.
Mr, KING hoped the Senator from Missouri
would not persist in the amendment, and protested
against having his bill loaded down with extraneous
matters, which would be almost sure to defeat it in
the House. If the bill was a good one, let it pass;
if bad, reject it. It was very important to the South
that it should pass.
Mr. BENTON was very far from believing that
the amendment would have a tendency to load
down the bill. On the contrary, he regarded it a
safe and healthful prop; and he thought the Sen-
ator from Alabama should be pleased with such a
union, which was like marrying his daughter to a
sound and vigorous young man, who*would be a
prop to the house-
Mr. ALLEN moved an amendment providing
for the carrying of the mail, which was accepted
as a modification of the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER was sorry he could not give his
support to the bill or its amendments in the pres-
ent form. He would wish to know the amount of
the lands which would be thus given away. He
referred to the various clauses in the Constitution
from which the power to give away the public
lands was derived by different persons. He thought
it doubtful whether the public lands would be en-
hanced in value, or the sales of them facilitated
by these constant surrenders. He would prefer
that the Constitution should be amended to suit
the purpose of all, than that this policy should go
on.
Mr. CALHOUN thought the policy of these
appropriations of the public lands was beneficial
in increasing the value of the public domain. As
to internal improvement, he denied intoto the pow-
er of the General, Government to carry it on.
Mr. "WESTCOTT took a view ot the advan-
tages Which would result to the United States, as
well as to the States in which the roads were pro-
posed to be located, from these donations ot the
public lands, by the facilities which would be
given to the transportation of materials for the
navy-yards, and for the transportation of stores
and troops.
Mr. BUTLER objected to the precedent. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Breese] had recently
offered a resolution to give all the public lands m
that State for public improvements.
Mr. BPwEESE said, his resolution embraced
only ten miles on both sides the Illinois river.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, if ten miles was asked
for now, why not ask for twenty, thirty, or sixty
miles. The principle would be the same.
Mr. CALHOUN made a brief reply.
Mr. NILES-said, if this policy was to prevail,
and the lands were to be given away because they
were of no use while in the hands of the General
Government, he desired to see a national bill, a bill
on a magnificent scale. He would, therefore, move
to amend the bill by inserting the bill which he
had reported a short time since, granting lands to
Asa Whitney, for making a railroad Irom Lake
Michigan to the Pacific. This would test the sense
of the Senate as to the propriety of carrying out the
principle.
Mr. BORLAND made a few remarks in favor
of the bill.
Mr. TURNEY would not vote for the bill, but
he would vote for ©very amendment which should
be offered, fie wished to test the opinions of Sen-
ators who professed to be hostile to a general sys-
tem of internal improvement, by seeing all these
separate bills embraced in one bill, which would
thus make the bill general in its effect, and bring-
ing those Senators to a vote on such^. bill. Ac-
cording to his reading of the Constitution, this ag-
gregation of separate appropriations would consti-
tute a general system of internal improvement. He
desired to see what was the true construction put
on these measures by Democratic Senators.
Mr. BREESE explained his view of the cunsti- ;
tutional power of Congress to make internal im- j
provements, which he totally denied. But he mam- j
tained that the Government had a right to put the ;
public domain in a coudition to be most beneficial .
to the public; and this was done by donations of j
lands, and thus increasing the value of the residue. j
These donations to States were in fact no dona- j
tions, because only alternate sections are granted, j
and those reserved are put a#*^ 50 per acre, which j
is twice the price fixed as a minimum.
Mr. TURNEY made a reply in explanation and )
support of what he had before said. As to the
last argument of the Senator from Illinois, the fix-
ing of the price of the alternate sections at twice
the minimum rate, he attached no great weight to
it, regarding this increase of price as more likely
to -benefit the railroad companies than the Govern-
ment. The companies would prevent any sales
by the Government by putting their own sections
at a somewhat lower rate.
Mr. BREESE rejoined very briefly.
Mr. DOUGLAS said he did not wish to throw
any difficulty in the way of this measure. On the
contrary, he expected to vote for it. But as chair-
man of the committee which had been charged with
the Oregon bill, he felt bound, if the discussion was
to proceed, to move its postponement.
Mr. KING expressed a hope that the vote would
be taken on the bill, which had already been once
postponed.
The several amendments were adopted, and the
bill was reported to the Senate, Mr. Niles having
withdrawn his amendment. The question on the
engrossment was then taken by yeas and nays,
and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badcer, BeJ!, Benton,
Berrien, Borland, Breese, Calhoun, Cameron, Corwin,
Davis of Mis&ipsippj, Dayton, Dodge, Douglas, Downs,
Felch, Fitzgerald, Foote, Greene, Hanneg'an, Houston,
Johnson of Marjland, Johnson of Louisiana, King, Lewi-*,
Mangnm, Sebastian, Spmance, Sturgeon, Underwood,
Walker, Webster, and Wostcott—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Clarke, Dick-
inson, Dtx, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, Ma^on, Metcalfe,
Niles, Pearce, Turney, Upham, and Yulee—15.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. DOUGLAS rose to call the special order,
when—
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, the
Senate (at 10 minutes past 12) proceeded to the
consideration of Executive business.
At three o'clock, the doors were reopened.
On motion of Mr. BALDWIN, the Senate pro*
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Grustavus Dorr.
This bill involved a case of some interest. Mr.
Dorr originally belonged to the army, and" was
ordered to his post, which order he never obeyed,
and was in consequence stricken from the rolls.
Subsequently, it was discovered that the disobedi-
ence was occasioned by insanity, and that he is
now in an insane asylum. The object of the bill
was to grant him a pension for his maintenance.
The bill was severally advocated by Messrs.
BALDWIN, DAVIS of Mississippi, BRADBU-
RY, and others, and was passed withouta dissent-
ing voice.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill for the relief of the Red
River Railroad Company.
The object of this bill is to remit certain duties
on railroad iron.
Mr. HAMLIN regarded it as objectionable, and
asked the privilege of having the yeas and nays
on the bill; which were ordered.
The question was taken on ordering the bill to
be engrossed, and decided in the affirmative, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Breeze,
Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, D<i>-
ton, Dodge, Down?, Felch, Foote, Greene, Hale, Hunter,
John-son of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of
Georgia, King, Ma^on, Miller, Xiles, Peaioe, Sprwanee,Tur-
ney, Underwood, Upham, Walker, and Westcott—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradburj*, 'Dickinson, Dix, and Ham-
lin—4.
On motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate
proceeded to consider House bill for the relief of
Samuel Cony; and after a brief debate—in which
Messrs. BRADBURY, FELCH, and others advo-
cated the bill, and Mr. KING opposed it, on the
ground that it would be throwing open too wide
j the doors of the Pension Office to grant a pension
j on the proof adduced—the bill was then read a
; third time, and p^P=d.
j On motion of Mr. DAYTON, the Senate pro-
I ceeded to consider the bill in relation to the terms
i of the circuit and district courts of the United
i States in and for the district of New Jersey; and,
I after a brief explanation by Mr. D., the bill was
j read a third time, and passed.
| On motion of Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, the
| Senate proceeded to consider the act for dividing
i th« State of Georgia into two judicial districts, and
organizing and establishing an additional district
court of the United States, with circuit-court pow-
ers and jurisdiction.
