1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
the intention of submitting them singly to the
House for its consideration, which to -some gen-
tlemen would be more satisfactory than to mix
them up with the general appropriations. Of this
character were the Mississippi river and Buffalo
harbor, for each of which a separate bill had been
prepared; but they would be submitted to the
attention of the committee as separate items or
amendments to this bill. It must be evident to
every one, that at this late day, appropriations for
these two objects must be made in the general ap-
propriation bill, or not at all; and he should move
to put them in, and in this respect make the bill
resemble that of the last Congress. He should do
this not only because he considered injudicious,
but because it would afford some hope of success
if they were all put together. .It would show the
House the whole amount to be appropriated, and
present at one view the obligations which they
were taking upou themselves. He knew it was
objected that such a course gave an opportunity
for combinations; but, in justice and fairness to
the members of the House, he would submit to
the intelligence of the country if it was proper to
make isolated appropriations for some sections,
and omit others that were equally meritorious.
Mr. SAWYER wished to- be informed of the
true position of this bill, that it might be known
to the country. He wished to know if the amount
which it was proposed to appropriate for the pur-
poses specified in this bill had been embraced in
the estimates from the Executive Departments. In
the estimates for the present fiscal year he was not
aware that there was a single dollar asked for these
purposes.
Mr. HUNT said the gentleman was correct.
He had not said that at the present Congress there
were any estimates for these works, but they were
sent in by the present Executive at the opening of
the last Congress.
Mr. SAWYER desired to learn from the gentle-
man from New York where he was goiilg to find
the money to do the works specified in this bill,
and those to be provided for by amendments to be
offered, which he had no doubt would increase the
amount to be appropriated by this bill from the
sum of §400,000 to twice that amount? He asked
if the House would make these appropriations,
which had not been recommended by the Secre-
tary of War, without knowing that there was
money enough to pay for them? The gentleman
should remember that we were largely involved in
debt, and it was therefore bad policy to make such
appropriations under the circumstances.
Mr. HUNT replied that he intended to come to
that, but first he would say a few words on the
subject of these improvements, and the course of
the'President in relation to them. After leading
them to suppose that he vjas in favor of the policy
on which this bill was based, the President refused
to give his sanction to it; and he therefore refused
to concur in the action of every administiation
from the commencement of the Government, not
even excepting that of General Jackson and Mr.
Van Buren, under the former of whom many of
these works had been commenced.
He went on to show what had been done by
Congress when the President vetoed the first river
and harbor bill. A new bill was prepared by the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. McClelland,]
who was then the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, in which many of the items were re-
duced, and those retained were for certain special
objects, in the hope that the President would not
persist in withholding his approbation from works
which had received the approval of Jackson and
Van Buren. ThePresident, however, took ground
against, all such appropriations; and if they would
examine his veto message, they would find that
he maintained that the power to make such appro-
priations for harbors and rivers would embrace
the power to make roads and canals.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sawyer]
had raised an objection which they had often
heard before, namely, that there were not sufficient
means in the treasury to meet these expenditures,
and the gentleman asked where the money was to
come from? It had been said that the countiy was
in debt, and that if these appropriations were made
the Government must borrow money; which he
(Mr H.) denied altogether. In the first place, he
maintained that our commerce was increased as a
'consequence of the improvements which had been
heretofore made, and the passage of this bill would
result in the further increase of our commerce,
and consequently in an increase of our means to
meet these engagements. It was true, we had in-
curred a large debt by-our late war with Mexico;
but he would ask if that debt was to operate on
one part of our policy only? Was our commerce
alone to be allowed to suffer because we had con-
tracted a debt by our war with Mexico? It was
not good policy to impose the burden^ occasioned
by this war on one branch alone. He maintained
that the debt created by the war should be paid
from the surplus revenue of the country, and that
the necessary appropriations should not be with-
held from our rivers and harbors. It was neces-
sary to make a discrimination in our expenditures;
if it was necessary to practise a system of econ-
omy—and he was in favor of a just economy to re-
duce the debt more speedily—he should be willing
and should prefer to see a discrimination made m
favor of these works, and a reduction of expendi-
tures in other branches. It would be both more
beneficial and satisfactory to the country to reduce
the army one or two thousand, and thereby save
a large amount of money. He alluded to harbors
in his own neighborhood, near which many severe
losses were annually sustained by wrecks; they
.had also a fort on the Niagara frontier, m which
was kept a military force at an annual expense
of from $20,000 to $30,000. Now, could any one
doubt that it would be more beneficial in time of
peace to expend that money for the advantage of
our commerce by the improvement of harbors and
rivers, than in keeping men to defend a fort which
had no enemy to threaten it?
He then proceeded to answer some objections
which had been before urged against the harbor
and river bill, and in favor of giving permission to
the States to levy tonnage duties. He opposed
the levying of tonnage duties, because it would
lead to conflicts between States, which this Union
was designed to avoid. But, besides, it would not
operate justly, for the duties would be paid only
at the port of destination on vessels arriving there.
The advantage of such a system would be greatly
to the advantage of the State from which he came;
but New York was not disposed to take any ad-
vantage of her position. There could be no doubt
that the levying of tonnage duties at the port of
New York, from her commercial position, would
directly or indirectly affect the whole Union; and
from that source New York could doubtless raise
not only a sufficient sum to improve her own har-
bors and rivers, but to defray all the expenses of
their government. But New York would make
that sacrifice on the altar of nationality. He ar-
gued warmly that it was the duty of the General
Government to make these improvements, and
that the exercise of that power was necessary to
the harmony and prosperity of the whole country.
In the course of his remarks, some conversation
ensued between Messrs. HUJNT, EMBREE, and
McClelland.
Mr. HUNT then proceeded with and concluded
his general argument, in which he enforced on the
committee the right, the duty, and the necessity to
act favorably on this bill.
AMENDMENTS AGREED TO.
Amendments were then moved and agreed to as
follows:
By Mr. OUTLAW: " For opening a communi-
cation between Albemarle Sound and the Atlantic
Ocean, and the improvement of the harbor' at or
near Old Roanoke Inlet, on the coast of North
Carolina, §50,000."
By Mr. HALL, of New York: " For the pres-
ervation, improvement, and repair of the harbor at
Buffalo, New York, $25,000."
By Mr. McCLELLAND: " For the improve-
ment of the St. Clairflats,in the State of Michigan,
$50,000; for the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of Grand river, on Lake Michigan, §10,000;
for the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of
Kalamazoo river, §5,000."
[Mr. McC'.'s proposition was, that $10,000 be
appropriated for the improvement of the mouth of
the Kalamazoo river; but the sum was reduced, on
motion of Mr. Hunt, to §5,000.]
By Mr. CROZIER: " For the improvement of
the canal around the Muscle Shoals, and improv-
ing the navigation of the Tennessee river above
the Shoals, #50,000."
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut: "For
the continuation of the works on the river Thames,
in the State of Connecticut, in accordance with the
plans and surveys of the department, $10,000."
By Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: "For the
completion of the breakwater at Sandy bay, Mas-
sachusetts, $30,000."
By Mr.HUNT: In lieu of "for survey, &c.,
of Newark," &c., insert, "For Jhe improvement
of the harbor at Newark, New Jeisey, $10,000."
By Mr. HUNT: In lieu of "for survey, &c., at
Providence and Block Island," &c., insert, " For
the improvement of the harbor at Providence and
Block Island, Rhode Island-, $5,000."
By Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey: "For
the removal of Obstructions and clearing out of
Great Egg Harbor river, in the State of New Jer-
sey, from Hamilton bridge lo its mouth, $10,000."
By \Ir. HUBBARD .- For a continuation of the
improvement of the mouth of Connecticut river, to
be expended under the direction of the Engineer
department, $20,000."
.By Mr. HUNT: In lieu of" for survey, &c., of
Havre de Grace," &c., insert, " For the improve-
ment of the harbor of Havre de Grace, Maryland,
$15,000."
Also, in lieu of " for survey, &c., Mobile, Ala-
bama," insert " For- the improvement of the har-
bor at Mobile, $15,000."
Also, the following items:
For improving the harbor of Cattaraugus creek, on Lake
Erie §*5,000
For improving the hai bor at Ashtabula, on Lake Eric 6.0(10
For improving the hatbor at Huron, on Lake Erie... 5,000
For improving the harbor at Vermillion, on Lake
Erie  5,000
For improving the hatbor at Conneaur, on Lake Erie, 5,COO
Foi impiovmg the haibor at Dubuque, Iowa  2,500
For improving the harbor at Jlacine,on Lake Michi-
gan   4,000
For improving the harbor at Southpott, on Lake
Michigan  4,000
For removing obstructions and improving the navi-
gation of the Mis.-issippi river 75,0JQ
j For the completion and repair of the dam eonstiuet-
! ed by the Government at Cumberland Island, in
the Ohio river    50,00!)
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, the fol-
lowing, as an additional section:
Be it further enacted, That a sum of money be, anil the
same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any money in
the treasury not otherwise appropriated, sufficient for the
following purposes:
For the improvement of Lit-tle Sodus Cay, on Lake On-
tario  ,$5,0(XS
For the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of
Eighteen-mile Creek, at Olcott, on Lake Ontario 5,000
For the improvement of the navigation of James
liver, in the State of Virginia  20,000
For a purvey and examination of the Alleghany river,
tile Sahine river, anil the harbors at tlie mouth of
Black river and Netv Buflalo, on Lake Michigan,
and Little Egg Harbor, and for the improvement
of the navigation of the Passaic river, in the State
of New Jersey  lO.O'JO
: For a survey and examination of the Perriwig Shoals,
j in the river Delawaie  500
1 For the improvement of the harbor at Little Foit, on
| Lake Michigan  5,000
| For the improvement of the harbor at Newcastle, in
; the State of Delaware    5,000
; For the improvement of Great Wood Hole Harbor,
' m ttie State of Massachusetts.   4,000
j For ihe construction of an ice harbor at Delaware
! city, in the State of Delaware  5.000
' For erecting a breakwater at NantueKet  Q0,(J00
j For the improvement of Oeracoek Inlet, North Car-
I olina  10,00ft
J For the improvement of the harbor at Sheboygan, otl
] Lake Michigan  4,GOO
i For repairs ot the piers in the river Delaware, at
j Marcus Hook  l-,a0f>
For the repairs of the pier at Chester, in the State of
I Pennsylvania  50ft
j For the improvement of the hatbor of Big Sandy
Creek, on Lake Ontario  5,00O
REJECTED AMENDMENTS.
The following amendments were moved and re-
jected:
j By Mr. MEADE: Striking out the words "out
I of any unappropriated money in the Treasury,"
and to insert the following: "By a direct tax levied
ij on the real estate of the people of the United
ji States."
ii This amendment was ruled out of order, and
II Mr. Meape appealed; but the decision of the Chair
'j was sustained.
i Strike out the item "for the improvement of the
: Oak Orchard harbor, on Lake Ontario, ^3,000."
|! By Mr. BOWLIN: "For the continuation of
j' the works upon the harbor of St. Louis, Missouri,
1 §50,000."
By Mr. "VAN DYKE: "To remove obstruc-
tions from the river Ran tan, $10,000."
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi: "For
constructing and working the steam d.redge-boal
