1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
and Means had labored industriously night and day
since the bill came back, and .had kept it in their
hands to the last moment that they could consist-
ently with allowing any time for its consideration
in Committee of the Whole. They had not, how-
ever, been able to go into the great mass of the
Senate's amendments submitted to them, (most of
which consisted of private claims,) and it was not
therefore in his power to give to the committee
that minute information in regard to them which,
under ordinary circumstances, he should have felt
it his duty to do. The committee had done the
best they could. They had disagreed to a large
majority of the amendments, though, in regard to
many of them, they had agreed to recommend a
concurrence. Among these latter were two or three
of great importance.
The fiist of these was an appropriation of
$141,000 to satisfy claims advanced by the Creek
Indians under a treaty made with a portion of their
tribe at Indian Springs in 1821. A majority of
the Committee of Ways and Means had been in
favor of allowing this appropriation, and they had
accordingly recommended that the House do con-
cur in the amendment; but they had recommended
some modifications of it. It was the last amend-
ment reported, and, as it would consequently be
late before it would come up for action in this com-
mittee, he thought it best to explain it now.
Mr. Y. then explained that by the treaty the
United States had agreed to pay the Indians
§200,000 for a tract of about four millions of acres
ceded by them, and also to pay to citizens of Geor-
gia their claims against the Indians, provided the
same (lid not exceed §250,000. To ascertain the
amount of these Georgia claims, a commission had
been appointed, who allowed claims to the amount
o£$103,000, leaving a surplus of §141,000. This
surplus the Creeks now claimed as rightfully due
to them; and that was the opinion of a majority of
the committee; it was not his own opinion.
He compared our situation in this Creek treaty
with that we had made in the late treaty with Mex-
ico. We had agreed to. pay her fifteen millions as
a fixed sum for the cession of New Mexico and
California, and^so to assume and pay the claims
of our own citizens against her. So here the United
States agreed to pay the Creeks the fixed sum of
§200,000 for the cession of their lands,'and to as-
sume and pay the claims of the people of Georgia
against them. We had limited, howfever, what
•we would pay, setting the limitation at $250,000;
if the claims fell short of that amount, the balance
of course reverted to the United States, and the
Creeks had no manner of right to it. This was
his view.
But the oth.er opinion was, (and such seemed to
be the understanding of the Creeks themselves,) that
the United States were to pay them $200,000 cer-
tain, and any balance of $250,000 more which
should not be absorbed by the Georgia claims;
hence they nowdemanded this balance of $141,000.
[The above is the substance of Mr. V.'s ex-
planation as the reporter understood it. There
were a variety of subordinate statements and ex-
planations given, but the abovecontainsthegistof
the matter.]
Mr. V. then further apologized for riot being
able to go into full explanations of the various
other items of the Senate's amendments, nor into
this one as fully as under other circumstances it
would be proper to do. The committee had agreed
to many of them under high pressure for want of
time.
Mr, NICOLL, of New York, next took the
floor, stating that when he first looked into this
Indian claim he had felt inclined to oppose it, but
on fuller investigation had become satisfied that
the engagement of the United States was, in effect,
to give "the Indians §450,000 for their lands, de-
ducting from that gross sum so much as should
be duly substantiated as just claims of citizens of
Georgia against the Indians for past spoliations.
Mr. N. said, although many of the items which
had been put in by the Senate would have been
out of order under the rules of the House, still
proper respect to that body required their candid
consideration. He had endeavored to give such
a consideration to them as far as the very limited
time allowed to the committee. He presented in
a very lucid manner his view of the proper con-
struction of the treaty, and maintained the equity
of the claim of the Indians. The reporter does not
attempt to follow his argument upon the numerous
knotty points of legal and equitable construction
involved.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired—for he favored the
claim of the Indians—what security there was
that the money now paid would mure to the ben-
efit of the Indians, and not be squandered ?
Mr. NICOLL replied that the Committee of
Ways and Means had considered that point, and
reported a proviso that none of the money should
be paid over except to persons to whom it was
proved to be due, and only on the further con-
dition that it'is to be received as final indemnity.
Mr. TOOMBS gave a detailed histofy of the
Indian relations of the State of Georgia from 1793
to the date of the treaty in question, and of subse-
quent treaties, and was conducted by his state-
ment of facts and argument to the same general
conclusion adopted by Mr. Nicoll.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, recapitulated
the facts of the case, and expressed his unwilling-
ness to give this money, if they had even an equi-
table claim to it, or if it was to be a bounty from
this Government to the Indian chiefs. He wished
it to be set apart as a fund for the benefit of the
tribe, by the means of schools, farms, and the pro-
motion of civilization among them.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said be had come to
the conclusion that this money would be a bounty
from the Government, if it were paid, for the
Creek nation had no claim upon us. The terms |
of the treaty stipulations with the Indians had i
been complied with by this Government, and the I
$250,000 paid to the Georgia claimants, and there ;
was nothing on which to base this claim but an !
understanding of the Indians, which could have i
no validity. He commented on the length of time
which had been suffered to elapse before the claim j
was set up, and the publicity given to the treaty, t
and the opportunities given for its examination at j
the time it was agreed to, to show that the claim i
was made under circumstances of suspicion. i
Mr. STANTON also entered into some brief
explanations.
Mr. COBB continued his argument in opposi-
tion to the claim. He stated the fact that the in-
terpretation of the treaty by the commissioner was
adverse to this claim, and it had long remained'
undisputed; and further, he called attention to the
manner in which the claim was sought to be es-
tablished. It was put into an appropriation bill at
the close of a session, without being reported upon
by a committee of this House, and hence he looked
upon it with suspicion. He forcibly appealed to
the committee to reject this amendment, and pro-
tect the treasury against this novel mode of passing
private claims.
Mr. VINTON said there were a hundred of
these amendments, and this bill must be passed
to-night or to-morrow; he therefore moved that
I the committee rise with the view of offering a res-
olution in the House to stop debate in Committee
of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to, and the light-house
bill was reported with amendments, and progress
on the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The light-house bill was then taken up, the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union were agreed to, and the bill
was read a third time and passed under the opera-
tion of the previous question.
Mr. VINTON offered a resolution to stop de-
bate in the Committee of the Whole on the state
j of the Union on the civil and diplomatic appropri-
| ation bill in fifteen minutes after the bill shali be
; again taken up; which was agreed to.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
resumed the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
Mr. BOWDON advocated with much earnest-
ness an item which the Senate had inserted" for a
claim of David Taylor, who had married an In-
dian wife, and was entitled to GOO acres of land,
officially valued at §20,489. The claim was recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Attorney General and accounting officers of the
Treasury.
Mr. CLINGMAN supported the claim, and
took occasion to warn the committee against any
opposition which might have been made to it by
Mr. Medil), the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
who, he undeistood, had endeavored to prejudice
the claim, because the agents of the claimant per-
emptorily refused to make an allowance for his
favoring the claim. Mr. C. denounced the Indian
Bureau as thoroughly corrupt. He had been cred-
ibly informed that the books in that bureau had
been altered and falsified for corrupt purposes,
(though this, he believed, had been done during
the incumbency of Mr. Crawford, the predecessor
of the present Commissioner.) He had no confi-
dence in Mr. Medill, nor would he believe any
statement he should make. An application had
been made to the department to have the books
taken out of his office and deposited in some ptace
where they should be safe from alterations.
Mr. BOWDON disclaimed taking any part in
this matter between Mr. Clincman and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, but went on to advo-
cate the claim of David Taylor until the time allot-
ted to debate expired.  
The committee then proceeded to vote on the
amendments of the Senate, (99 in all,) of which
eleven were agreed to, and forty-two, including
that for the schooner Annstad, were disagreed to.
The committee then rose and reported progress,
and the House, at twenty minutes before eleven
o'clock at night, adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlugusl 9, 1848.
The PRESIDENTprofem. laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of War,
madejin compliance with a resolution of the 28th
ultimo, calling for information as to the gross
amount paid each officer, and why such informa-
tion does not appear in the Army Register of the
present year.
The communication, with accompanying letters
from the Second and Third Auditors and the Ad- «
jutant General, were ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr.. CORWIN, from the Select Committee,
reported a bill for the relief of William Darby,
accompanied by a report; which was ordered to be
printed." The bill was read a first time.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office arid Post Roads, reported a bij! for the relief
of Samuel F. Butterworth, accompanied by a
report; which was ordered to be printed. The bill
was read a first time.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Finance, reported House bill for the support of the
army for- the year ending on the 3d of June, 1S49,
with amendments; with a notice that he should
call it up for speedy action.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported House bill granting the right of
way through the public lands in Indiana and Illi-
nois to the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad Com
pany, with an amendment. '
Mr. B. made an effort to have the bill consid-
ered, but it was resisted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
following memorials: Of William Parkeson, of
Benjamin Miller, of Ellen F. Smith, of Angel
Spalding, of William Miller, of Sarah Overback,
and of William Pennoyer.
Mr. J. also, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, asked that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Lieutenant Littleton Barclay.
The said committees were therefore discharged'
from the further consideration of these subjects.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That a sum not exceeding $8,770 be expended
outof tile eoniingent turn! of tbe Senate in completing tiie
system of ventilating and vvarmina the Senate Chamber,
commenced and proposed by John Skirving: provided, how-
ever, that the money shall be expended and the xvoik exe-
cuted under the direction of tiie Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. H. a ked the immediate consideration of
the resolution, presuming there would be objection
to its adoption.
Mr. HALE would prefer that it lie over under
I the rules.
: Mr. HUNTER hoped that the Senate would
: adopt it at once; the appropriation was a very
limited one, and referred to a former expenditure
of the enormous sum of <£90,000 sterling for the
same duty.
Mr. HALE observed that large ami,small were
Comparative terms; and however limited such a
sum migbtappear to some gentlemen, he confessed
