THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th CongreSs, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 14,1848.
New Series.
..No. 67.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 10, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. SMART, the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the Senate bill to change the time of holding
the terms of the circuit court of the United States
in the district of Maine. - >
The bill was then read a third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. CROZIER moved to suspend- the rules to
enable him to offer the following resolution:
Revoked, That the resolution of the 1st ot March, 1846,
authorizing each member of this House to tubscribe for
twelve copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix* at
the rate of six dollars lor each copy for t!ie long session, and
three dollars for the short session, bhall not be construed
to extend to a longer period than the present session of Con-
gress. i
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion
to suspend the rules, and resulted, yeas 74, nays
53. Lost, two-thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. CATHCART, the rules being suspended
for th£ purpose, moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That, in the execution of the resolution of the
House of the 7th instant, giving extra compensation to cer-
tain employes of this House, there shall he paid to those
persons employed in folding for this House, in the folding-
room, the saiwe amount as the pages are entitled to receive
under said resolution, and no more; and to tho^e who are
occasionally so employed, an allowance upon the same basis,
in proportion to the time they have been engaged; and that
the same compensation be allowed to the Chaplain and Post-
master of this House as have been usually allowed to the
same class of officers by the Senate and House respectively
at the close of a session.
At the suggestion of several members, Mr.
CATHCART modified his resolution so as to in-
clude " the Doorkeeper and the Sergeant-at-arms,"
and moved the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised a point of order,
that Mr. Cathcart had not the right to modify
his resolution after the House had suspended the
rules to receive it.
Mr. McKAY asked the general consent of the
House to have read by the Clerk, before the vote
should be taken on this resolution granting extra
pay, the second section of the act of Congress of
March 3, 1845, providing " that no part of the ap-
4 propnations which may be made for the coHtin-
* gent expenses of either House of Congress shall
4 be applied to other than the ordinary expendi-
6 tares of the Senate and House of Representatives
* respectively, nor an extra allowance to any clerk,
* messenger, orattendantupon the said two Houses,
6 or either of them, nor as payment or compensation
* to any clerk, messenger, or other attendant to be
6 so employed by a resolution of one of said Houses,
4 nor in the purchase of books to be distributed to
* members."
The reading being objected to, the section was
not read.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, moved to lay the
resolution on the table; on which motion the yeas
and nays were taken, and resulted: Yeas 65,
nays 96.
The previous question was then seconded, and,
under the operation thereof, the resolution was
agreed to: Yeas 103, nays 61.
Mr. CATHCART moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also moved to lay that motion on
the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to: Ayes 78, noes 61.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved to suspend the
rules to enable him to introduce a bill^ of which
previous notice had been given, to prevent either
House of Congress from paying any extra compen-
sation out of their respective contingent funds, un-
less by joint resolution,or act of Congress.
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion,
and resulted: Yeas 9, nays 73. Lost, two-thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
The SPEAKER laid before the House commu-
nications as follows:
To the House of Representatives of the UnUcd States:
I communicate herewith a report from the Secretary of
War,together with the accompanying documents, m com-
pliance with a i solution of the House of Representatives of
the 17th of July, 1848, requesting the President tocommuni-
67
cate to the House of Representatives " a copy of the pro-
ceedings of ttie Court of Inquiry in Mexico, touching the
matter which led to the dismissal from the public service of
Lieutenants Joseph S. Pender and George E. B. Singletery,
of the North Carolina regiment of volunteers, and all the
correspondence between the War Department and Generals
Taylor and Wool in relation to the same."
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, Jlugust 5,1848.
To the Senate and Home of Representatives of the U. S. .*
It affords me satisfaction to communicate herewith, for
the information of Congress, copies ot a decree adopted by
tlie National Assembly of Prance in response to the resolu-
tion of the Congress of the United States, passed on the 13th
of April last, " tendering the congratulations of the Ameri-
can to the French people upon the success of their recent
effoits to consolidate the principles of liberty in a republi-
can form of government." JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, Jlugust 8, ]§?18.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report oil the condition of banks
throughout the Union, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of the 10th
July, 1832.
A joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Wisconsin, relative to the improvement of the
harbors upon the western shore of Lake Michigan.
The above communications were laid on the
table.
A communication from the Clerk of the House
in relation to the execution of the resolution of the
House of the 28th of June last, providing for the
payment of per diem and mileage alleged to be due
to the estate of the late Archibald Yel'l, formerly a
member of the House of Representatives of the
United States from the State of Arkansas. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Accounts.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the 28th of June, 1848, a statement of the public
debt. Laid on the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of the 15th of May, a report in relation
to exports and imports of the United States. Laid
on the table.
A memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
Oregon Territory, relative to their wants and situ-
ation, and the necessity of extending the laws of
the United States over that Territory- Referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
EXTRA PAY TO GENS. CASS AND TAYLOR.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
I communicate herewith reports from the Secretaiy of the
Treasury and the Secietary of War, together with the ac-
companying documents, in answei to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 17th July, 1848, requesting
the President to inform that body what " amount ot public
moneys had been respectively paid to Lewis Cass and
Zaehary Taylor, from the time of their iiist entrance into
the public service up to this time, distinguishing between
regular and extra compensation ; that lie also state what
amount of extra compensation has been claimed by either;
the items composing the same; when filed; when and by
whom allowed ; if disallowed, when anil by whom, and the
reason for such disallowance ; and whether or not any items
so disallowed were subsequently presented foi pajment,
and, if allowed, when and by whom.'^^^ ^ POLK
Washington, Jiunist 11, 1848.
The communication was ordered to be laid on
the table and printed.
Subsequently, on motion of Mr. STEPHENS,
the vote by which the message and documents
were laid on the table and ordered to be printed
was reconsidered.
The question again recurring on the motion.to
lay upon the table, it was decided by yeas and
nays in tlje negative: Yeas 87, nays 97.
Mr. STEPHENS then moved that the message
and accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures of the War Depart-
ment, and moved the previous question.
The previous question was, however, withdrawn
at the request of—
Mr, McLANE, who made a few remarks in
opposition to the printing of the message and doc-
uments. Mr. McL. renewed the previous ques-
tion; which was sustained, and, under its operation,
the motion to refer was agreed to.
A LETTER PROM MR. TRIST.
The SPEAKER stated that he had received a
^communication from N. P. Trist, relating to cer-
tain official acts of the President of the United
States, accompanied by a request that it be laid
before the House. It was a communication that
he did not feel at liberty to present, nor did he
deem it proper to withhold it. He would lay it
before the House if it were the pleasure of tha
House to receive it. Being objected to—
On motion, the rules were suspended for the
purpose, and the communication was laid before
the House; and it was read, and is as follows:
Westchester, Pennsylvania, August 7, 1848.
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives, U. S.:
Sir* The accompanying paper* are transmitted to you, as
the organ of Jhe House of Representatives, with the lequesc
that they he laid before that body.
Theyare not what I have wished and intended to present;
bat the day fixed fort he adjournment of Congress forbids any
further delay on my part, and until my intention can be
executed, they must suffice. Thev will answer tlie puipose
of dispelling, in some degree at least, the utter mystification
with which the mind of our country has been clouded up in
legard to the treaty of peace, and all matters touched upon
in them.
During a great portion of my absence in Mexico, J have
been entirely cut otT from all means of knowing what was
going on at home ; and during the entire period my attention
has been urgently pressed upon, and constantly engiossed
by, subjects of the ffieatest moment to our country. Jt was
consequently out of my power to make use even oi such
mean" as presented themselves, when the channels lor coit'
veymg them ceased to be closed. On my arrival hom# , the
state of things among u« was unknown to me. except firm
the mere glimpses affotdedb^ an occasional and hasty glance
at a new-=papt-r. '
I soon became aware of the mystification above referred
to. As the onlv way in which it <fould be thoioughly dis-
pelled, [ determined to lay before the ieprescntati\es ot the
people a connected and detailed narrative of everything
that has occurred to me having the slightest bearing' upon
matters which the public interest® demand that the country
should know the exact truth of. This cxaet and full knowl-
edge, and thorough understanding, it is of the very highest
importance to her that she should possess. It is so for num-
berless reasons that most deeply concern her, and concern
her in the most peimanent manner; concern her now. and
concern her m the boundle** hereafter. The (generations
which are to follow u«, so lonff as our nation shall exist,
and after it shall have ceased to exist, are deeply indicated
in this matter. Slfould the American people fail to obtain
this knowledge now, the evil consrquences to that people,
•now and m all futute tune, and through them to mankind,
cannot fail to he such asijo human mind can calculate. We
are the vanguard m the " movement" of this age, and upon
us chiefly depends the direction which that movement is to
pui^ue. . , , .
Deeply impressed with this truth, this plain and obvious
fad. I formed the determination above suited. Jt remain^
however, asyrt unfulfilled. The attention demanded by
my private Affairs, the wee-sity of providing a home for my
family, and a variety of incident*, have contiibuU'd to pre-
vent its fulfillment. This, howevei. will take place, tj Ihve
a month or two longer Tin' c.xamph- leecru!} f^et 1>\ Tal-
leyiand will not be followed by me. I «ha!l not wine any-
thing which is to be read only a century hence. The high-
er niteiests of our country, ami ot mankind thiough her,
demand that she s-hall Know the truth; that she shall know
it now. She shall have it; she shall have it now.
Had Congress continued to sit a month or two longer, J
should not at this moment have broken silence; 1 should
have bided untif f could lay before the country, through her
representatives, the narrative to which I have relet red, con-
nected, unbioken, not a single gap in it, detailed so taraa
nccessaiv to establish a clear connection. Tin- is the only
wav in which truth can be pi evented in a «-bape to leave no
doubt as to its being what it is. Isolated ''prominent facts
will not do. However true they may he, they can always
be denied, and more or less plausibly contioveited. ine
vkolc tiuth is the thing: this the people shall have. It wm
then be seen ulio. among those who seek their confidence,
will be so bold as to prelu.d thai lie docs not
Tn one of theaeeompam ins papers, (letter to tile Repre-
sentatives of the American People," under date Mexico,
Februaiv 12. 181!?,") my belief is expiew-ed that Confess
and tlie "countn had been deceivedby the .ndiv.to! hnld-
inc tin, tru*t of <• President of the Imited States,- and that
the ob,ect for «Inch that deceptton Had been practised was
the indefinite protraction of the war—tins protraction of the
wai havitm for its end the conquest of Mexico and her ab-
I sorption into our Union. This was my belief then, nib
niv belief now. I" that same letter, and paiuculaily m the
I note* "ere tlv appended to it, my belief is expressed Wat a
■ coiVnnt use ha= been made of tlie power and Hie influence
attached to the"trust of "President of the United States,"
' even to the extent of subornation of perjury.
Upon both thes-e points mv belief w positive and firm,
' distinct and clear. HSjually film and clear m my imnd is
' the ftnther belief, that to make the former the belief of
Cousiess and of the country nothing is necessaij but tli.it
I the ^representatives of the people should exercise the |ioiv-
^tfniqulry inherent in them as.thegrand inquest,the
nation—as tlie body," exclusively" intrusted by tlie Con-=ti-
1 tution with " the power," and consequently with tile duty
' " of impeachment*."
