1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JTia but yesterday tlmt the welkin was made to ring
throughout our countiy with the acclamations that burt>t
forth from our Democratic bosoms at the spectacle exhibited
bv the people of France. And a mor>t glorious spectacle it
wa ! Congratulations and felicitations poured out from us
towards that people; our hearts were drunk with noble joy;
we and our public servants vied with one another in giving
utterance %& the enthusia>m which filled our bosoms.
The cause of that enthusiasm consisted in the fact that
the French people had liberated themselves from a bad Gov-
ernment. They had risen in the majesty of men, and had
upturned that Government; upturned the "Throne," as
that Government was called. This they had done. It had
been at the cost ol civil strife, of brother's blood spilled by
brothci's hand. It had been at the cost of anarchy. That
was the first result; and no .one could tell how long it might
last, or what it was to involve while it lasted, or in what it
was to end. Arid yet we rejoiced. The object, in our esti-
mation, was worth all this eo=>t, all this risk of whatever else
it might cost. Even in the uncertainty as to its being secured,
it was enough that this should have been theohjeet, to make
us leckon as cheap, to make us disregard as dust in the
balance, whatever might happen.
At the head, or very near the head, (I speak from indis-
tinct recollection,) of the reasons which had impelled the
French people so to act, which bad created the necessity lor
their plunging into that sea of carnage whose shore no hu-
man eye could discern—at the head, or very near the head
of those reasons, stands recorded, " The corrupt use of Ex-
ecutive tn/Zuenie."
It is tune, high time, that we should look at home
"Corrupt use of Executive influence," such as, according
to roy solemn belief, has occurred among ourselves within
the last six months, cannot have been surpassed by anything
that formed part of the misrule of the "Citizen King." In
point of unscru pulousness and flaginousness, it cannot have
been surpassed. In point of audacity and effrontery, i doubt
if it has b# en equalled, by anything ever ventured upon by
that" monarch."
Just as the task of preparing the papers now transmitted
was drawing to a close, an envelop reached me by mail,
bearing my address in the hand of a bo«oin friend; a man
whose name is, irrespectively of locality and country, among
the very highest of the profession to winch he belongs, and
who has intimately known me during the latter half'of my
life. That envelop contained, without note or comment,
the words winch I will here transcribe. I am no Luther,
nor have I ever proposed to inyselt to act the part of one.
The task I am now engaged in, has been forced upon me by
the power of circumstances. It will soon he at an end;
and with it wilJ cease for me all incidents arising from a con-
nection with public afFait>. Except in discharging my duty
to my country as a private citizen, they are henceforward
to be beyond my sphere. I have bid farewell foiever to all
public employments and all public posts. When these words
shall be belied, then let my country brand me '£ Impostor,"
and ascribe to the desire for office, or for notoriety,* all that
I shall have done and said in regard to things ot concernment
to her.
But, although inapplicable lome,thp very name oT Luther,
presented in such a connection as this, comes fraught with
a significance which cannot but he felt, even though the day
is gone by when omens were bf.lieved in. This incident,
though no prophetic virtuecan be m it, may prove the fore-
runner of a storm that shall purify our political atmosphere,
and dissipate the seeds of death with which already it has
bccome loaded. It will prove so, if the representatives of
the people do their duty.
The^e are the words referred to: Luther says, " If I am
< to have a fault,I would rather speak tooharshlj,and thrust
' forth Tj uth unwisely, than to have played the hj pocrue to
s any, and held Truth in."' So fat as regards myself, I do
riQt believe that I have spoken "too harshly," or "thrust
forth tiuth unwisely." Upon this point out cuuntry will
judge. All I ask of her—and I a^k this for her own vake far
more than on my own account—is, to suspend her judgment
until she can judge " wisely."
I am, sir, very respectfully, your fcllow-citizcn,
N. P. TRIST,
Late Commissioner of the United States of America
to the Mexican Republic.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, moved that the
communication and accompanying documents be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
printed.
Mr. C. J, 1NGERS0£X suggested that these
documents should not be^ printed, as they might
contain matter that ought not to be made public.
Mr. BURT trusted that the House would adopt
the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
, vaaia.
* In the letter of the present Secretary of War fo General
Scotr, under date of April 21$ 1848, which was published in
all haste thioughout oui country, care is taken to preoccupy
her mind with the belief that 1 have been actuated bv this
motive. The'Administration have studiously withheld" from
her all knowledge of what my course has been. All the
power and all the influence attached to the tiu-rs held by
those men, have been everted to mystify the public mind m
regaid.to the whole subject with reference to which I have
acted. It has been rendered impossible for that mind to
form for n-eif any judgment in regard to my motive. And
yet, not content with all that bought letter-wnteis could do,
and all that subservient or party-mad ptessef* could do, tms
high functionary of the Government, m writing a letter con-
cern ma the affairs ot the department intrusted to him, must
needs enter upon a topic (my course) paving no connection
whatever with the subject of winch he was trtaiing. And
for what? To give to the country information respecting
what rnv coutse lias been? No! To impress her with the
idea that my motive in ptUMiing lhatcouise (respecting which
she had been kept in the dark, and her mind had been be-
fogged in every possible way) had consisted in the desire for
" notoriety,:" and this passion so excessive as to make me
" mistake notoriety for fame."
Aug. 10,
Mr. SCHENCK called the gentleman from South
Carolina to order, amidst great confusion, many
members being engaged in addressing the House
at the same time.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, said he had no
wish to address the House. His object in rising
was to move the previous question; but he would
yield the floor for a few moments to the gentleman
from South Carolina, that he miffht make his sug-
gestion.
Mr. BURT acknowledged the courtesy of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
He desired to say but a very few words. He
wished to say to the House that that paper, coming
as it does from a private individual, was marked
by a very extraordinary character. There were
imputations in that communication which ought
not to be received lightly by this House. He
trusted that this House had too just a regard for
its own self-respect to send forth to the people of
the United States the imputations, he would not
say calumnies, of an irritable, ill-tempered person,
under the authority of thil House. Let it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Smith] had
moved. Let that committee investigate the sub-
ject, that it might be ascertained whether it should
be entertained by this House, If this committee
should find it such a paper as in their judgment
would justify the future action of the House, let
them take the responsibility of saying so, and then
the paper might be printed. That, he believed,
was the true course to be pursued, and he trusted
the House would not lend its sanction to the pro-
mulgation through the country of such a commu-
nication from an ill-tempered person.
Mr. SMITH moved the previous question.
Mr. HOLMES asked the gentleman from Con-
necticut to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. SMITH assented, that the gentleman from
South Carolina might make a single remark.
Mr. HOLMES said he wished to make but a
single remark. Although he agreed with his friend !;
and colleague [Mr. Burt"] that this mass of papers '
ought not to be printed until they had been exam-
ined by a committee, he nevertheless could not but
think that some deference was due to the person
who sent them here. It might be that on these
documents it was intended to found an impeach- '\
ment; but, be that as it might, he thought thai (t
this House should treat with some respect the per-
son to whom this Administration had committed
the perilous interests of this country in connection j;
with the Republic of Mexico. He renewed the !i
motion for the previous question. |j
Some conversation here ensued, in which Mr. ;;
HUJNT,Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, and others t|
took part. The previous question was then sus- i1
tained, and the main question ordered. The ques- j
tion having been divided, the motion to refer to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was agreed to. ji
Mr. SCHENCK called for the yeas and nays ;j
on the motion to print, and they were ordered; ji
and, being taken, were—yeas 83, nays 96.
Mr. CLARKE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also moved to lay that motion on j
the table; which latter motion was net agreed tor ji
Ayes 77, noes 79. \-
The question was then put on the reconsidera- |i
tion of the vote refusing to print, &c.,and resulted i
—ayes 85, noes 74; but before the result was an- I
nounced, the yeas and nays were called for and i
ordered,and, being taken, resulted: Yeas 88, nays \>
93. So the House refused to reconsider. j.
NAVAL PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the House pro-
ceeded to consider the report of the Committee of t
Conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the House to the '
Senate bill renewing certain naval pensions for the
term of five years, and extending the benefits of;
existing laws respecting naval pensions to engi-
neers, firemen, and coal-heavers, in the navy, and '
to their w idows.
The report was read and concurred in. The
Senate having previously concurred m said leport,
the bill stands passed. !.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL. |i
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved '
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of I
the Union, (Mr. Smith, of Indiana, m the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the amendments ■;
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for n
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern^
ment for the year ending June 30, 1849.
The committee left oflrlast night at the fifty-sixth'
amendment of the Senate.
The reading of the amendments was now con-
tinued; some of them were agreed to; others agreed
to with amendments; and many rejected.
The eommittee then rose and reported their
action to the House.
Mr. VINTON entered into some explanations
in relation to some Indian claims which were the
subject of discussion last night,.wherv the propriety?
of the co-nduct ef the Commissioner of fndiar*
Affairs- was called in question; he exculpated the
Commissioner, and went into some detail of the
facts of the respective cases.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLI* called the attention of
the chairman of the Committee of~Ways and
Means to some amendments introduced by the
Senate for the payment of compensation to cerfairr
persons,, among whom was a Mr. Dodge, for ser-
vices as tobacco agent, and a Mr. Hogan, for ex~
penses incurred at St. Domingo, for whose claims
no vouchers were produced.
A conversation ensued respecting them, in which?
several gemlemen took part.
Mr. CL1NGMAN also went into some elabo-
rate explanations of the subject-matter of debate of
last nighty in connection with the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs.
Explanations were also made by Mr. DANIEL>
Mr. McDOWELL, Mr. TOOMBS, Mr. VIN-
TON, Mr. R. W. THOMPSON, and Mr. ASH-
MUN, on various subjects.
Mr. THOMPSON,, of Indiana, submitted an-
amendment to appropriate $50,000 out of the pat-
ent fund for the erection of an additional wing to-
the Patent Office. The amendmeni was ruled to-
be out of order.
Mr. ASHMUN offered1 an amendment to appro-
priate one hundred and forty thousand dollars for
the payment of claims by the States of Massachu-
setts and Maine for money advanced duijsg
war with Great Biitain. It was ruled out of
order.
Mr. ASHMUN moved the previous question on.
all the amendments; which was sustained by the.
House.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was ordered that
the House take a recess this day from half-past
three o'clock to half-past five o'clock, p. m.
And the hour having arrived, the House took a.
recess till half-past five o'clock, p. m.
EVEWING SESSION.
The House resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill; and the,question being*.
Will the House agree to the amendments of ths
Senate to the bill? separate votes were taken, as
follows:
On agreeing to the 49th amendment, which pro-
vides for the payment of the expenses of the Uni-
ted States ship Macedonian, on her recent voyage
to convey provisions from the people of the United
States to the famishing people oT Ireland, under
the command of Commander DeKay: Yeas 98,.
nays 67. So the amendment was concurred in.
On agreeing to the 57th amendment, which pro-
vides for the purchase by the Government of one
or both of the bridges across the eastern branch of
the Potomac: Yeas 83, nays 97. So the House
refused to concur in this amendment.
On agreeing to the 75th amendment, striking out
of the bill the appropriation for the removal of the
obstructions m the Savannah river: Yeas 95, nays
92, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson. Ba\ly, Beale, Bedmger, Bing-
ham, Birdsall, B->eock, Botts. Bowdoti, B nvhn, Bovd. Brod-
head, Charles Brown. Albert G. Brwvvn, Burt, Catheart,
Chase,. Beverly L. Clarke, Howell Cohb. Williamson R. YV.
Cobb, Collins, Cummins, Daniel. Darling, Dickinson, Gar-
nett Duncan. El*n}l, Faran, Feathereton, Ficklin, French,
Fulton, Green. GrtmieU, YViliard P. Hall, IJaimnons, Haral-
son, Harris, Henley. Hill, George S. Hmis-tnn, Charles J.
Jng.er>oll, iverson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, George W. Joins*, Kaufman, Kennoo, Sidney
Lawrence, Lij on, Lord, Lumpkin. L> nde, Maciay, McClel-
land, McCIernand, MeDoweM, McKay, Me Lane, Job Maun,
Meade, Miller, Mojris, Murphy, Nieofl, Peaslee, Peck. Petut,
Phelps, Pilis-bury, Riehey, Robinson. Roekinll, Sawyer*
Simpson, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather,
Charles E. Smart,Strong, Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, William Thompson,
Taurstoa, Turner, Van Dyke, Venabie, Wallace, Wick,
Williams, and Woodward—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashman, Barringer, Barrow,
