1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
Bianchard, Boydon, Brady, Buckner, Butfer, Cabell, Oanby,
Chapman, Chnjjman, Cocke, Uollamer, Conger, Cranston,
Ciowell, Crozier, Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Daniel Duncan,
JDttrm, Eckert, Edwards, Embree, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, FarreJIy, Fisher, Flournoy, Freedley, Gayle, Goggin,
Gott, Gregory, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton,
Henry, Eltas B. Holmes, Jphti W, Houston, Hubbard, Hud-
son, Hunt, Irvin, John W. Jones, Kellogg, Thomas Butler
Kins, Darnel P. King, William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mc-
Jlvame, Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Mocehead, Mulhn,
l^elson, Nes, Newell, Outlaw, Palfrey, Peodluton, Pollock,
Pre.-tori, Putnam, Keynolds, John A. Rockwell, Roman,
Rose, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schenck, Slierrill, Silvester,
Slingerfand, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephens,
Strnhm, Tallmadge, Taylor, John B.Thompson, Toombs,
Tuck, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth, and White-—Q2.
So the amendment was concurred in.
On agreeing: to the 80th amendment, to pay to
the State of Virginia the amount recovered from
her by judgments obtained through her ov/n courts
for commutation: Yeas 101, nays 79. So the
amendment was concurred in.
Oi\ agreeing to the S2d amendment, which pro-
vides for the payment to David Taylor of $12,800
for land reserved to him under the Cherokee treaty
of 1835, and of which he was subsequently de-
prived: Yeas 63, nays 109. So the House refused
to concur in this amendment.
On agreeing to the 85th amendment, which in-
creases the appropriation for the survey of the
public lands from $65,000 to §115,000: Yeas 91,
nays 84. So this amendment was concurred in.
On agreeing to the 89th amendment, which ap-
propriates $30,000 for the continuation of surveys
* and explorations, &e., in Oregon and California,
by J. C. Fiemont: Yeas 29} nays 128. So the
House refused to concur in the amendment. *
On agreeing to the 92d amendment, which allows
John Hogan $1,250 for services and expenditures
as political agent in St. Domingo, in the years 1842
and 1843: Yeas 77, nays 72. So the amendment
was concurred in.
On agreeing to the 93d amendment, which pro-
vides for paying JoshuaDodge, late special tobacco
agent from the United States to the various Gov-
ernments of Europe, $4,500, for services, &c.:
Yeas 96, nays 71. So the am^idment was con-
curred in.
The 98th amendment, which provides for pay-
ment to the Creek Indians of a balance in the treas-
ury of $142,055 91, out of a fund of $250,000, a part
of the proceeds for land ceded by said Indians to
the United States, and set apart for the payment
of claims of certain citizens of Georgia, was-amend-
ed by the Committee of the Whole so as to pro-
vide that the said sum of $142,055 91 shall remain
in the treasury as a permanent fund, to bear an
interest of six per cent., which interest is to be an-
nually devoted to the establishment and mainte-
nance of schools in the Creek nation. This amend-.
ment, as amended, was concurred in. I
The 99th amendment of the Senate provides for !
the payment to the Creek nation of Indians of
<$43,333 33, in satisfaction of thirteen hundred
Creek, emigrants, friends and followers of General
Mcintosh, who were emigrated to the West in 1829
by Colonel Crowell; which was amended in Com-
mittee of the Whole by adding a proviso that the
recipients of the said sum shall make poof, to the
satisfaction of the President of the United States,
that they have full power to receive and receipt for
the same, and also that they shall first execute to
the United States a release, in full for principal and
interest on account of the emigration of said thir-
teen hundred Creek Indians. This amendment,
as amended, was concurred in.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the other amendments of
Senate was then concurred m.
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, the House proceeded
to the consideration of the business on thevSpeak-
er's table, viz:
The Senate bill granting to the State of Alabama
the right of way and a donation of public land for
making a railroad from Mobile to the mouth of the
Ohio river, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Ala., briefly and warmly
opposed the bill, and moved its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, obtained the floor, and
yielded to—
Mr. GREEN who defended the bill, and sus-
tained the constitutionality and the expediency of
the proposed grant. . ,
Mr. KING resumed the floor, and declining at
this late hour to enter into an advocacy of the bill,
demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first on the motion ,
of Mr. Houston to refer the bill, which was re- ;
jected: Yeas 66, nays 91. |
Mr. HAMMONS moved to lay the bill on the ;
table. Rejected.
The bill was then read a third time, and the ques-
tion being on its passage—
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, obtained the floor,
and wished to offer an amendment, which was ruled
out of order.
Mr. DIXON demanded the previous question.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that the House ad-
journ. Agreed to.
The House accordingly adjourned at a Quarter
past ten o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, August 10, 1848.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of War, made in
compliance with a resolution of the 9th instant, in
relation to reclaiming the everglades in the State
of Florida. It was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, made an elaborate report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the captors
of the frigate Philadelphia; which was.read a first
time.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, asked that the Committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of 1
William H. Rogers.
Mr. DAYTON also moved that the Committee
be discharged from the further considferation of the
following bills, which was agreed to:
The bill changing the places and fixing the times
of holding the circuit and district courts in the dis-
trict of Vermont.
The bill to change the place of holding the dis-
trict court of the United States for the middle dis-
trict of Alabama.
Also, from the memorial of Charles F. Sibbald.
Mr. HANNEGANj from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, reported House bill to surren-
der to the State of Indiana the Cumberland road,
in the said State, without amendment, and urged
upon the Senate its immediate consideration; which
was agreed to, and the bill was passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, asked that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petitions of Patrick Masterson,of Rebecca Robe-
son, and of W. Rail.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Eliza
Buchanan.
Mr. JOHNSON also, from the same committee,
asked that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill for the relief
of Catharine Clarke, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War lie requested to com-
municate to the Senate any information that may be within
ihe knowledge of the depaitment in reference to claims ,
made against the Oherokees who are parties to the treaty of ,
August"6, 1846, especially against that portion of the nation
called Old Settlers, or Western Cherokee®, for services or :
any other aid and assistance rendcied the paid Cherokee;?,
in the prosecution of their chum, which resulted in the treaty
afterwards. If such claims are based on written contract*, '
he is requested to state whether the contract? were made i
bj the duly authorized representatives of the Ckerokces, in
their national or aggregate capacity, for the benefit of those 1
who are made recipients by the tieaty in all moneys ausing _
out of the settlement of their chums. And also whether, •
within the knowledge of the depaitment, such contracts
have been fully and faithfully compiled with, as far aspiac-
ucable, by the other parties named m them. And that he
will communicate the evidence upon which he bases his
opinion, with any paper in possesion of the department
showing the extent of the services rendered, and the char-
acter of the claims thus made agamt-t the nioiiejs which may
be awarded under the treaty of Augu«t6, 1846.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House to the bill making appropria-
tions for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &e„, and '
providing for the erection and establishment of the
same. ' „
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the amendments of
the House were concurred in, with the exception
of the last amendment, and the House was duly
notified of the fact.
Mr. Lewis, of Alabama, was appointed on the
Committee on Printing, in the place of Mr. Bor-
land, during the recess.
The Senate then took up the bill to establish
certain post routes, with the amendments reported
thereto; and, after several amendments haa been
adopted—
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the bill, by insert-
ing, as an additional section, the bill reported by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post' Roads,
to reduce the rates of postage.
Mr. NILES explained that a bill had been re-
ceived from the House of Representatives which
made a greater reduction in the rates of postage
than was proposed by this bill. The reductions
in that bill embraced a variety of features; but in
some points it was very objectionable. The bill
now offered as an amendment, was simple in its
provisions. If any objection was made to it, he
would withdraw it. But as the session was ap-
proaching its close, and there would be no other
opportunity to act on the subject, he would be
gratified if the Senate would take a vote on the
proposition
Mr. BORLAND said he was opposed to the
distinction made between the transportation of
newspapers within a distance of thirty miles and
those which were transported fifty or sixty.miles.
The clause, as it stands, would do very well for
cities, and where the population was dense, but
it would not answer at all in the remote parts of
the country, where subscribers live a great dis-
tance apart.
Mr. DICKINSON proposed an amendment to
allow the transportation of country papers to any
distance, free oP postage.
Mr. WESTCOTT desired to see all newspapers
put on the same footing, whether city or country,
and without regard to distances. He was opposed
to partial benefits.
Mr. BENTON remarked, that you might travel
in the West some hundred miles without coming
to a town. He thought there was no equality in
the bill as it stood, making as it did an invidious
distinction.
Mr. CAMERON referred to the provision of
the bill which allowed the newspapers to pass free
in the county where they were published. The
daily papers published in cities derived great ad-
vantages from the introduction of steam power.
They made up their weekly papers from the daily,
and circulated them with greater facility than was
possessed by the country editors. He had an
amendment prepared, which he thought would
meet the ease, so as to remove any objection.
The amendment was not submitted, as it was
decided to be out of order at this stage of the pro-
ceedings.
Mr. ALLEN said, there would never be a law
which did not operate more hardly on one than on
another. He looked to the aggregate good which
would be effected. He went on so speak of the
condition of printers, who are proverbially poor.
He never knew a rich printer. They work harder
for nothing than any other class of persons. Their
debts were, separately, small, though large in the
aggregate, and are so scattered over the country
that they can scarcely ever be collected. He
thought this little boon grained to them should be
willingly given.
Mr. DICKINSON also alluded to the power of
the city papers to put down the country press.
He thought his amendment would have the effect
of sustaining the country papers.
Mr. DOUGLAS, at this stage, called for the
special order, being the bill to establish a Territo-
rial Government in Oregon, but the motion was
not sustained. , .
Mr. NILES stated, that the entire exemption of
papers from postage would diminish the compen-
sation of the small postmasters, while it would add
gieatly to the burden 'of business thrown upon
them. The tax of half a cent would enable the
postmasters to defray the expense of putting up
the papers and delivering them.
Mr. DOUGLAS renewed his call for the special
order, and asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
