1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The qoestion was then taken, and decided a$ fol-
lows :
yeas—Messrs. Allen, Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury,
Breed's Bright, Corvvm, Davis oi jYJassaehu^eUs, J)ayton,
Di\, Dod'^e, Dougln-, Dawns, Felcii, Fitzgerald, G eenc,
Hat«j, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia,
Lewis, Mason, Miller, Phelp-% Upham, arid Webster—25.
NAY'S—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, BellrBernen,Borland,
Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Foote, Hamlin, Hannegan, Hun-
ter, Johnson o( Louisiana, King, Manguin, Metcalfe, Nile?,
Pe.irce, Sebastian, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Tumey, Under-
wood, and Vulee—24.
oregoit.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill to establish a Territorial Government in
Oregon,
The question being on the motion of Mr. Un-
derwood, to strike out, in page seventeen, line one,
the words, u thirty six degreesand^hirty minutes,"
and inserting "forty-two;*' and also the words,
"usually known as the Missouri compromise'*—
Mr. WEBSTER addressed the Senate. He
admitted the propriety of the establishment of a
Territorial Government in Oregon, and he was
willing to vote for this bill as it came from the
House. If amenc|ed as now proposed, he would
not be able to vote for it. He recited the words
of the section, and said, the amendment proposed
gave a reason for the application of the principle
of the ordinance of 1787 to the Territory of Oregon.
When a single reason was given for any act, it was
intended to be inferred that there were no other
reasons- The Territory of Oregon was above the
line of the Missouri compromise. His objection
to slavery was irrespective of lines and points of
latitude:-it took in the whole country, and the
whole question. He was opposed to it in every
shape, and in every quali&cation; and was against
any compromise of the question.
As to California and New Mexico, he said it
was easy to foresee to what the acquisition of this
Territory would lead. He wished it were as easy
to see that there would be a harmonious conclusion
of the matter. He congratulated himself that he
hadvtaken no part in the late war, except to oppose
its commencement with all his might, and at the
close to oppose the treaty with all his might. He
believed the war itself to be a calamity. He looked
on the treaty by which it had been concluded as a
calamity, and he greatly feared that the treaty
would turn out to be the most permanent calamity.
Mr. BUTLER contended that the establishment
of governments in theTerritories of California and
New Mexico, ought to have been embiaced in this
Oregon bill. He disapproved of this policy of giv-
ing especial protection to the Territories north of
the Missouri line-of compromise, and giving to the
North all that valuable portion of the Union. The
resolutions of the State of Virginia, which were
referred to the other day by a Senator from that
State, [Mr. Mason,] had been responded to by all
the southern States of the Union. He thought
States should never pass resolutionsuntil they were
sure that the citizens would sustain them. He would
tell the Senate that his advice to his constituents
"would be, to go to these new Territories with arms
in their hands; to so as armed communities, and
take possession of the lands which they had helped
to acquire, and see who would attempt to dispos-
sess them. Would the military force of the Uni-
ted States shoot down the ploughman at his plough?
So help him God, he would so advise his constitu-
ents, to take with.them their property there, and
settle at all hazards. He was willing, had the com-
promise bill passed, to bow to it, and if the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court should have been ad-
verse to his opinions, he would submit to it. But
that bill had been not only rejected by the House
of Representatives, but it had been treated with so
little"respect, that he felt it due to himself and to
the South to let their position be well understood.
He was opposed to the bill.
He had always opposed a war of conquest and
aggrandizement, for he had foreseen that our tri-
umphs would turn out to beapples-of discord from
which serious evils would result. He should now
take his position, and let Congress make what laws
they may, he would advise his constituents to assert
their rights with arms in their hands, and take j
possession of the land. T*he subtleties and soph-
isms of the laws of nations would be feeble bar-
riers to the spirit which would show itself in the
South. He would go home and tell his constitu- j
ents these views, and he trusted he had not so j
much infirmity as to shrink from carrying them i
into effect. Times and circumstances had changed 1
Aug. lOy
• the character of this hill for the establishment of a
j Territory in Oregon from what it was- two yearn
| ago. Then it was comparatively innocent; now
he regarded it as a masked battery, from behind
which the institutions of the South were to be as-
sailed with a firm determination to subdue them.
The South would not fear a contest. She was ready
to meet her opponents in a fair and open, man-
ner, but she would rise indignant against these
covert attacks. He was ready to embark in the
boat with his State,, and to trust it to the care of
Heaven. So beautifully are the elements of our
Government arranged, that they scarcely require
the agency of man to secure their harmonious and
permanent progress. But the act of man could per-
vert and destroy these tendencies, and produce
discord and confusion.
Mr. DOUGLAS, desiring to have the bill placed
in a proper shape, would not make any remarks in
this stagp.
Mr. HALE then made some observations, re-
ferring to the history of the Texas annexation
and the Oregon question in connection with it. At
the time of the passage of the Texas resolution,
the Oregon question was introduced, and a motion
was made to attach it to the Texas bill. The
mover did not withdraw his motion, and the Ore-
gon feature was sustained by a large majority.
The two .South Carolina Senators voted against
the consideration of the bill m the Senate, and thus
defeated it; and when he coupled this with a dec-
laration of a South Carolina Representative in the
House, that if the clause prohibiting the introduc-
tion of slavery in Oregon prevailed, it would be
defeated in the Senate,—when he put these facts
together, they appeared to him to be indicative ofan
understood and concocted agreement. He spoke
of the course of the Senator from South Caioima,
and was about to remark on his manner, when—
Mr. BUTLER explained that the proceedings
of the South Carolinians were marked as much by
moderation and calmness as by determination.
Mr. HALE resumed. They were doubtless aa
: much marked by moderation and calmness as was
, the course of their Senators here; and if this was
, moderation and calmness, he would like to know ;
i what was heat and intemperance. We are told i
that if we do not yield to their wishes, they will I
resist to blood. i
Mr. BUTLER did not say that it would be so,
but that he would give his advice to that effect.
Mr. HALE said, if the voice of the Senator went
deep into the hearts of his constituents, he might
produce much mischief.
Mr. UNDERWOOD withdrew his proposition
to amend, as he perceived the sense of the Senate
was against it.
The question then recurring on the amendment
as reported by the Committee—
Mr. CALHOUN said he should vote against the
amendment, because he regarded it as ambiguous, I
and he was against all ambiguity. Again, Tie op-
posed it because the North could not be more de-
termined to exclude the South than he was to'resist
I such exclusion. He would be as firm in maintain-
ing his ground as Northern Senators were in main-
taining theirs. A majority would always be able
to carry their views; but here a minority,aided by
a few from the majority, attempted to impose on
the South restrictions which could not be submit-
ted to.
This question, in his'opinion, would never heal
itself; that it must go through, and that the sooner
it is met the better. He believed the question would
never heal or be terminated heie. In the body
politic, as well as in the natural body, there arc
diseases which, if not timely checked, must end
fatally. There is an impression here that slavery
is sinful. This was not rash!)'asserted by him, as
he had resided some time in New England, and had
then become convinced that it would lead to serious
evil*. How it came up here, he would not now
stop to examine. This Government had assumed
a consolidating tendency, and this has produced
a perversion of feeling and of policy, of which the
course now pursued in relation to the South is one
of the effects. The country is now agitated through-
out; and there are political circumstances which
will prevent this excitement from dying out. The
conviction of the sinfulness of slavery in the North
will keep this excitement from subsiding.
He then adverted to the influence of this ques-
tion on the pending Presidential election, and the
effects it must exert on the vote-of the South. Each
party will try to keep this question separated to.
keep the people "m the dark, and to suppress the?
discussion of k, lest it might result m injury. He
intimated that the South must naturally ineline to.
•yield to the North; and touched upon the sugges-
tions made by the Southern delegations as to the
course to be pursued to pui down abolition. A dif-
ference of opinion ansing^betweeft the members^
the course adopted by the'House in the reception,
of abolition petitions had led-to constant discord
and uproar, while iv* the Senate only one petition
on the subject had ever been presented there With'
out the question of reception being called.
He referred to the insurrections of the slaves in'
the West India Islands; and the same spirit, though
suppressed, exists here. He dreaded the result;
which would follow, if the same spirit which now
animated the North should continue to-g sow and
spread. He feared that the effect of this growing
spirit was felt in this Senate, where .the compro-
mise bill was introduced and passed;.yet, when it
was rejected in the House, and this bill relating to
Oregon came here, not ose of ihose Northern Sen-
ators who were friendly to that compromise ven-
tured "to move an amendment by attaching the com-
promise bill to this Oregon bill. He referred to th&
positions taken by the South and the North on the'
slave question. The latter had been unable to meet
the arguments of the Southern Senators, and turned
obt of the direct course to discuss the cfuestion*
of the extension of territory, which was not con-
nected with the subject, and was not advocated by
a single representative from his State. He would
notg tell the people of the South thai they eare never
settle this question until they take it into their owrv
hands. It was unnecessary for him to assert now
his regard for the Union. His whole Mfe was suf-
ficiently known. His time, his mind, and all his
energies had been given to it; and he made a-solsmn-
appeal to the Senate not, Qy their own hands, to
destroy this glorious febric of our Constitution^
He believed^if the great struggle should come, the
calamity will not fall the heaviest on the South.
In the North the divisions were so numerous as to*
keep the people distracted and disunited, while ir>
the South all are united. He admitted that the
South was poor in comparison with the North; bus
if slavery had impoverished the South, had it im-
poverished the North? Slavery had benefited all
mankind—all countries but the South. Slavery,
like the waters of the Nile, had spread its fertili-
zing influences over all the world. It had benefited?
all but the Southern planter, who had been the
tutor,.the friend,as well as the master, of the slave,
and had raised him up to civilization. And the
South had made great concessions to the Nortb.fos
the purpose of cementing the Union.
Mr/MANGUM said he should vote for the
amendment, because he regarded it as a modifica-
tion; but whether it prevailed or not,, he should
vote against the bill.
Mr. N1LES said the whole course of the South
had in view the extension of slavery. He denied
that the South had been weakened,and compelled
to make concessions to the North. The compro-
mise bill was no concession of the South, even irfc
the opinions of southern men themselves, and cer-
tainly it was not so in the general estimation of
the country. He complained that the Senator from,
South Carolina had traced the present crisis to a?
wrong cause, when heattributed it to the abolition-
ists of the North. The real fact is, that it springs
from the opposition made by the free Slates to the
southern policy of extending the institution of
slavery over the new Teiritories. This is resisted
by the free States, and they are prepared to resist
it to the lust. They think the slave power strong
enough, and they will oppose every effort to ex-
tend slavery over the continent. The movement
of the North was forced upon them, by the attempt
to mix up this slavery question with the polities
of the country. It had been given out by the
South that no candidate for the Presidency should
be supported there who did not pledge himself
against the Wilmot proviso. Now, when this
course was taken, it was incumbent on the North
to make a counteracting movement.
Mr. BUTLER said the South did not take this
course until ten of the northern States had pledged
themselves in an opposite manner.
Mr. NILES admitted that this was true. But
here was the distinction: the northern States mere-
ly asserted their opinions as a principle, while the
South follow up their pledge by an awful threat of
