1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. II,
to change the time of holding the district courts of
the United States in the western district of Virginia,
and for oth^r purposes.
After some conversation between Messrs. J ONES,
MEADE, and others—
Mr. MEADE moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table; on which the yeas and nays
were taken, and resulted: Yeas 67, nays 86.
The motion not being agreed to—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
previous question, which was seconded; and, under
the operation thereof, the vote by which the House
concurred in the Senate's amendment was recon-
sidered.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the said bill; and, being put,
it was decided in the negative, under the operation
of the previous question.
So the House refused to concur with the Senate
in their amendment to the said bill.
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill granting to
the State of Alabama the right of way and a dona-
tion of public lands for making a railroad from
Mobile to the mouth of the Ohio river was ordered
to be read a third time; and, after making a few
remarks in support of his motion, Mr. R. moved
the previous question on the motion to reconsider,
which was not seconded.
Mr. VINTON hoped the bill would be further
amended, by adding further guards to prevent
abuses that would necessarily follow its passage
in its present shape. The land granted here was
not to.be located on the line of the proposed road,
nor even in the State where it lay, but might
be laid in any of the States of the Union. It
was given in advance for a work not commenced,
and was to be granted to a State for the benefit of
a private corporation. There was no proviso in
the bill to prevent.these lands being sold at any
price they chose to set upon them, and this might
be fixed so low as effectually to prevent all sales of
the public lands in the neighborhood of the granted
land. And if this bill succeeded, similar grants
would be applied for all over the new States, and
thus that great branch of the public revenue arising
from the sales.of the public lands would be dried
up. Then how could the country discharge its
obligations to the public creditor? It'vvould oper-
ate to introduce a new and very injurious system
into our land system, and raise such a clamor in
the West that the Government would be obliged
to buy back the lands granted.
Mr. TOMPKINS spoke in reply. As to the lib-
erty to locate the lands in all parts of the Union,
the friends of the \>ill were willing and ready to
insert a guard to confine it to the neighborhood of
the roads. The objection that the work was not
in progress had not been urged in the case of the
gentleman's State, which had obtained grants of
land for works not begun; but he was mistaken in
the fact, for these works were actually commenced
and in progress. Nor was the grant to inure to
private corporations; but some of these roads were
made and owned by the State, and the grant was
asked for by State Legislatures for the States con-
cerned, In reply to the objection that the bill
would stop the sale of the public lands, the lands
now were not saleable, and, unless these roads were
opened, never would be. He denied that there
would be any clamor. On one of the roads, one
hundred and forty miles in length, there were not
forty miles of public lands. The lands were thin
and poor, and were valuable chiefly on account of
timber. The Government gave away nothing, and
might get much in the end. But, if itgot nothing,
the wealth of a country consisted in productive in-
dustry, and the bill would turn a barien waste into
a settled and happy region. The opposite policy
was that of a narrow-minded miser. As to its
being a new system, the gentleman made no such
cry when Ohio got a million and a half of the pub-
lic lauds; but now that she was full and prosperous,
all grants to others were ruinous novelties. Mr. T.
dwelt on the benefits of completing a grand line of
road from one extremity of the Union to the other,
and the obligation*to carry the United States mail.
Mr. GAYLE obtained the floor, and was about
to address the House, but waived his right to speak,
and demanded the previous question, which was
seconded; and, under its operation, the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved an
amendment restricting the location of the lands.
Mr. R. demanded the previous question; which
was seconded.
Mr. DICKEY moved to lay the bill on the table.
On this motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed; and, being taken, stood as follows: Yeas 102,
nays 79.
Mr. HAMMONS moved to reconsider this vote,
and moved to lay that motion on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, it was resolved
that the House do insist upon its disagreement to
certain of the amendments of the Senate to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill; and it was also
ordered that a committee of conference on the part
of the House be appointed to confer with a similar
committee on the Senate's part on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on said amendments.
Messrs. Vinton, McKay, and Hudson were
appointed said committee.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Mean3, to whom were referred the Senate's
amendments to the bill making appropriations for
the support of the army for the year ending June
30, 1849, reported the same back to the House.
They were, together with the bill, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, the House pro-
ceeded to consider the business on the Speaker's
table. ,
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication frorp Alexandre Vattemare, tender-
ing to the members of the House of Representa-
tives his grateful acknowledgments for the very
liberal manner in which he has been welcomed by
them as the humble exponent and advocate of the
system of international exchanges. Laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, it was
resolved that the House do insist upon its amend-
ment to the Senate bill giving effect to certain treaty
stipulations between this and foreign governments
for the apprehension and delivering up of certain
| offenders, and also that a committee of conference
be appointed to meet a similar committee on the
part of the Senate on the disagreement of the two
i Houses on said bill.
Messrs. Ixgersoix, Lumpkin, and Taylor,
were appointed said committee.
OREGON BILL.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the bill of ihe
House to establish the Territorial Government of
Oregon.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved that the House
do not concur in the amendments of the Senate,
and on that motion demanded the previous ques- !
tion. i
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker if a i
division could be had so as to vote on the amend- 1
ments separately ? ;
The SPEAKER replied, that after the previous :
question had been seconded, the question would
then come up on concurrence in- the amendments j
separately, if a division was called by any mem- '
ber.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
seconding the demand for the previous question; \
and requested the House to come to order, and gen- '
tlemen to take their seats. !
Order having been partially restored—
Mr. McLANE inquired of the Chair if it would
be possible, at any subsequent stage of the pro-
ceedings, if the previous question should be sus-
tained, to propose an amendment to the amend-
ment, and move a concuirence on the part of the
House to the amendment thus amended? i
The SPEAKER replied that, under the rules, if 1
the previous question was sustained, no amend- '
ment would be in order.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved a call of the
House; which was agreed to.
The roll was called, and 197 members answered
to their names.
On motion of Mr. HILLIARD, further pro-
ceedings in the call were dispensed with. •
The question recurring on seconding the demand
for the previous question—
Mr. BIRDSALL said he wished to make an in- !
quiry of the C.hair. He desired to know wh.ether,
it the previous question, which had been moved
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. C. B. Smith ,]
be not sustained, it would be in order to move to
strike out the amendment proposed by the Senate
in relation to the subject of slavery; and to insert,
in lieu thereof, the provisions of the compromise
bHl lately received from the Senate and laid upon
the table here? He said he desired to make that
motion, if it would be in order,and hoped the pre-
vious question would not be sustained if it would
preventjiis doing so.
The SPEAKER stated that he would decide the
question when it arose.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered, being first on Mr.
Smith's motion to non-concur in the Senate's
amendments.
A division being called for by.various gentle-
men—
The question was announced on non-concurring
in the first amendment, which makes it the duty of
the Governor of the Territory to transmit to each
House of Congress copies of any bills he may
veto, with his reasons therefor, immediately after
such session of the Territorial Legislature.
Mr. WHITE asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON asked to be excused from
voting, and wished to state his reasons therefor.
The SPEAKER-stated that it was not in order
for the gentleman to state his reasons, though he
might ask to be excused.
Mr. RICHARDSON stated as the reason, that
he had paired off with a gentleman who was ab-
sent.
The question being put, Mr. R. was excused.
Mr. STEPHENS suggested to Mr. Smith that
he withdraw bis motion to mon-concur, so that the
question would come up directly on concurrence.
Mr. SMITH yielded to the suggestion, and
withdrew his motion.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the Senate's first amendment, (stated above,) and
decided m the negative: Yeas 92, nays 106.
So the House refused to concur in the first
amendment.
The second amendment next came up, which
directly confers the veto power on the Governor
of the Territory, and provides that in such cases
the bill shall not become a law unless approved by
Congress.
This amendment was non-concurred in without
a division.
The third amendment of-the Senate inserts, after
the enacting clause of the 14th section, the follow-
ing:
That the line of thirty-fix degrees thirty minutes of north
latitude, known as the Missouri compromise Ime.asdeSned
by the eighth section of an act entitled ' An act to authorize
the people of the Missouri Ternloiy to form a constitution
and State government, and for the admMion of sueh Si ate
into the Union on an equal footing with the original States,
ami to prohibit slavery in certam Tern tones.-' approved
March 6th, 1830, be, and the same is hereby, declared to
extend to the Pacific Ocean ; and the said eighth section, to-
gether with the compromise therein effected, is hereby re-
vived and declared to be m full force and binding for* tile
future organization of Ihe Territories of the United States,
in the same sense and with the same understanding with
which it was originally adopted, and.
The vote on concurring in this amendment was
taken by yeas and nays, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow,
Bayly, Beale, Bedmger, Birdsall, Bocock, Cotts. Bowdon,
Bowiin, Boyd, Boydon, Biodhead. Charles Brown, Albert
G. Brown, Buekner, Burt. Cabell,Chapman,Chase, Bt vrrly
L. Clarke. Chngman, Howell Cobb. Williamson It. YY. Cobb,
Cock*1, Crower. Darnel, DonneU, Garnctt Duncan, Alexan-
der E\nns, Feathtrston, Plournoy. French. Fulton, Gayie,
Goggm, Green, Willard P. Ha!!*,' Haralson, Harmanson,
Ranis, Haskell, Hill. Htlhard, Isaac E. Holmes, G«*orge S.
Houston, Charles J. Injrersrtll, Iver on, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W.Johnson,George \V. Jones. John W. Jones, Kauf-
man, Thomas Butler King, Ligon. Lumpkin, McDowell,
MoKaj, McL.me, Meade, .Mortluad, Outlaw, Pendleton,
Phelps, Pillsbur>, Preston. Khctt, Roman. Shepperd. Scan-
Jet?, Stephens, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B. Tbomp-
ton, Robert A.Thompson, Tompkins, Toumb?, Tenable,
Wallace, and Woodward —S3.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ashman, Bingham, Blanetiard,
Brady, Butler, Canby, Catheart, Franklin Clark, Collamej-,
Collins, Conger, Cranston, Crow ell. Cummins, Darling,
Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Duer, Daniel Dm.ean, Dunn,
Eekert, Edsall, Edwards, Emhree, Nathan Evan-, Faran,
Farrelly, Fiekhn, Fisher, Fr 'edley, Fri?s, Uott, Gregory,
Giinm-i), Hale, Nathan K. II >11, liainmons. James G. Hamp-
ton, Moses Hampton, Henley, Henry, EJias B. Holmes,
John YY. Houston. Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R^ lu-
gersoll, Irvin, Jenkins, Keilogir, Kennon, Dame! P. King,
Wilhun T. Lawrence, Sidtiev Lawrence, Lincoln, Lord,
Lynde, Maelay, McClelland, MeClcrnand, Mellvatne, Job
Mann, Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Miller, Morris, ftlul-
