1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. l£,
commissioners—may not these papers have been
Mexican vouchers? If not, they may be recov-
ered, as the treaty provides that such papers shall
be given up when demanded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, remarked on the
character of the tribunal to which these claims had
been referred. Before this board, being a joint
commission, it was perfectly natural that the Mex-
ican commissioners would put the best face on
Mexican claims, and the United States commis-
sioners would do the same with reference to Amer-
ican claims. They were not, by the obligations
imposed on them, precluded from doing this. He
thought there should be a revision of these claims,
and that they should be put on the same footing
with other claimants. They could then be easily
adjusted. We may then be bound to allow these
claims.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strike out the
second section, and asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being taken,
was decided as fallows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Baldwin, Berrien, Breese,
Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke, Corwm, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dayton, Dodge, Foote, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Georgia, King, Lewis,
Mangum, Miller, Ndes, Pcarce, Sebastian, Spruance, Stur-
geon^ Turnev, Underwood, and Yuiee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Down*, Hannegan, Johnson of
Louisiana, Mason, Upham, and Westeott—7.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, proposed to
amend the bill so as to provide that the secretary
of the commission be appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
that the clerk be appointed by the board.
3Mr. KING suggested that the board could ac-
complish their business with a secretary alone.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill and amendments were reported to the
Senate. The question being on concurrence in the
amendments, Mr. BALDWIN proposed to amend
the bill.
Mr. B. thought, he said, there was much reason
in the objections made to the recognition of the
claims, under the second section, as adjudicated,
because it would prevent the board from examin-
ing all the evidence upon which the claims rested.
But there was great hardship in obliging the
claimants to incur the expense of obtaining the
evidence of their claims from Mexico, to which
they have been sent back. The claims should be
considered as adjudicated so far as to be prima
facie evidence of their validity.
Mr. ALLEN and Mr. BERRIEN opposed the
amendment. We had no reason to believe that
duplicates had not been retained of all vouchers,
or that the Mexican Government would not de-
liver them up.
Mr. BALDWIN offered an amendment accord-
ingly, which was rejected.
The amendments were concurred in, and the
bill was passed.
Mr. HALE offered a resolution (which lies
over) for compensating James Moore for perform-
ing duties as carrier of the Senate.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. DICKINSON moved to take up the bill to
establish certain post routes; which was agreed
to.
Mr. ATCHISON moved the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill; which was supported by Mr.
KING.
Mr. DOWNS, Mr. HOUSTON, and Mr.
WESTCOTT opposed the motion.
Mr. DICKINSON made some remarks upon a
portion of the bill which appeared to him to be
very obscure.
Mr. NILES made some explanation as to the
present state of the bill.
After some remarks on a question of order, the
Senate, by reconsideration, reached the amend-
ment given in a former part of the report respect-
in0' the rate of postage on newspapers.
^Ir. DICKINSON moved an amendment to this
amendment, striking out the words relative to the
circulation free of postage of newspapers through
the State, and substituting a provision for the free
ciiculation of weekly newspapers within fifty miles
from the plncc of their publication.
After some remarks from Mr. "WESTCOTT,
Mr. NILES, and Mr. BADGER, as to the expe-
diency of the amendment adopted in relation to
newspapers—
, Mr. CALHOUN suggested that the Senate
should be very careful not to embarrass the whole I
machinery of the Post Office Department. These I
provisions exempting newspapers from,postage,
might seriously affect the revenue.
Mr. Dickinsok's motion to strike out and insert j
was rejected. - !
The question recurring on the amendment, as |
| it was reported to the Senate, it was rejected. I
The bill was then passed. _ j
By consent, the message from the House asking '
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two I
Houses on the army appropriation bill was taken j
up, and a committee of conference was ordered. " >
On motion of Mr. HANNEGAN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi- ;
ness at half-past ten o'clock, and at eleven o'clock
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Mugust 12, 1848.
Mr. WENTWORTH called up the motion
made some days since by Mr. Thompson, of Penn-
sylvania, to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate bill for the relief of Charity Herring was
The motion to reconsider having been by general
consent agreed to—
Mr THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved a
proviso that the patent granted by this act shall
] not be construed to impair any legal or equitable    ^  ^ ____ _    
i claim of any person to said tract of land; which Indians, we're under 'consideration by tiie Committee
' being agreed to, the bill was read a third time and ! ,.d m „r th  f>< Rmrenentativea. I v
| passed, and returned to the Senate.
GERMANY.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered the following
joint resolution, which was read and laid over:
Whereas it is as much the righras it is the interest of the
people of this, the oldest and freest of confederated repub-
iican commonwealths, to sympathize and rejoice with all
others following our example, and, above all, that great
German nation from whom not only we but most ol our 'j ,".relatI™ " lDls
ancestors and ...muuons are descended: There- ;j
ment ot the facts from the records which it was my dtuj to
recurrence. If untrue, and without any foundation, it is
due to every principle of justice and common fairness?, that
the fact should he authoritatively ascertained and published
to the world, that neither myself nor the office inav rest
under imputations so injurious, and which I unqualifiedly
and indignantly pronounce to be wholly and basely false, in
each and every particular.
I beg leave to state the following facts and circumstances
for the consideration of your honorable body. The claim of
Mr. Taylor, who is a white man married to a Cherokee
woman, never came before ihe Office of Indian Affair* for
its action. That office had nothing to do with the claim, and
could and did take no cognizance of it. Like others under
the treaty of 1835 with the Cherokee^, it was'to be adjudica-
ted and settled, as required by the 17th article of that treaty,
by commissioners appointed by the President and Senate.
Four different board? of commissioners were appointed and
organized under that article, which fat for the transaction
of "Business—in all, about five and a half years. Mr. Tay-
lor's claim, in one shape or another, was before the whole of
them. By the first board he was allowed $1,518—being the
amount whn?h he had paid to the State ot Tennessee, undef
a law of that State—with interest thereon^ to obtain a fee-
simple title; in addilion to which, he. claims the value of
the reservation a* unimproved land. This has not been al-
lowed by eitfeer of the boards of commissioners. The second
board declared the claim " res adjudkata— not considered by
present commissioners." The third board decided Jhat Mr.
Taylor had no risht to the claitn; whatever interest tb«re
was remaining, being m his Indian wife and her children,
ilie reservation having been taken in right of the wife under
the treaties of ]817 and 1819 with the Cherokee*. So far as
he himself was concerned, the action of this board was ad-
verse ; but the question of the interest of the wiie and chil-
dren was left open for consideration on such evidence as
might be produced in support thereof. So it stood until the
organization of the fourth board, by which it was simply
dismissed, without any formal or specific action upon its
merits.
When the amendments of the Senate making an appro-
priation for this claim, and for certain claims of the Creek
Indians, were under consideration by the Committee ot
Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, I was
summoned by that committee to give information respecting
these claims. I accordingly appeared before the committee,
and gave such information as it was m my power to furnish,
which was almost exclusively of record, and derived from
the official records and papers I had taken with me, and
submitted to the committee. And I have yet to learn that
the committee discovered the slightest evidence or trace of
any alteiatiori or falsification, by myself or any one in my
office, of these records and papers. This was the only occa-
sion on which I have ever been called upon to take any pa it
in relation to this claim ; and I am sure the Committee of
fore, bf
Resolved, <$•<:., That their congratulations are tendered to
the Cnited German Confederation, lately founded on the
great principles of the sovereignty of the people in sovereign
States, to govern themselves without hereditary rulers,
whereby forty millions of Germans may be peaceably re-
stored to the first rank among great nations; and that the
President of tne United States id hereby requested to trans-
mit a copy of this resolution through the American Minister
accredited to the German Confederation.
COMMISSIONER OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. FRIES presented a letter from Mr. Medill,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in reply to a
speech made by Mr. Clingman two or three days
since, in which he expressed his belief that there
was gross corruption in the Bureau of Indian Af-
fairs. The letter from Mr. Medill denied that
there was any corruption in his office, and charged
Mr. Clingman" with having made false and un-
founded assertions, and asked that a committee
might be instituted to inquire into the charges.
Said communication was read, and is as fol-
lows:
To the honorable the House of Representatives of the United
States :
During the debate which took place in the House of Rep-
resuntauves, on an amendment made by the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic bill, allowing to Davut Taylor the sum
of $12,800 for a certain reservation claimed by him under
the treaties of 1817 and 183.5 with theCherokees,a> reported
in the National Intelligencer of tins morning, I find the fol-
lowing, via:
"Mi. Cungman supported the claim, and took occasion
( to warn the committee against any opposition winch might
« have been made to it by "Mr. .\iedill, the Commissioner of
{ Indian Affair*, who, lie understood, had endeavored to pre-
' ludice the claim, because the auents of the claimant per-
{ emptonly refused to make an allowance for his favoring
< tne claim. Mr. C. denounced the Indian Bureau as thor-
i oughlv corrupt. He had been credibly informed that the
1 books in that bureau had been altered and falsified lor cor-
1 rupt pui poses, (though this he believed, had been done
e during the incumbency of Mr. Crawford,the predecessor
e of the present Commissioner.) He had noconfidence in Mr.
4 McdiU; nor would he behrve any statement he should
* make. An application had b^en mad^ to the department
c to have the book? taken out of bis office, and deposited m
c someplace where they would he safe from alterations."'
It is seldom that a public officer is justified in noticing:
attacks of tin* kind ; but the ab.ne charges me of so siave
and specific a character, and «o sorion-.l\ reflect, not only
upon myself, personally and officially, but upon the admin-
istration of the whole ot that bianch of the public sen ice
intrusted to my charge, that a diftercnt course on this occa-
| sion seems to be called for. If true, 1 should be driven from
the office I now hold with ignominy and disgrace, to be-
; come an object of scorn and contempt to ail upright and
; honest men; and proper legislation should be had, at the
; earliest period, to punish such abuse?, and prevent their
,: SM'e to them. Where, then, can there be any grounds {or the'
i( base, wanton, and malicious charges against me m reference
:! to it: I ca%irace them to no other cause than disappointed
■' pecuniary expectations, as it is generally understood that
■ j Mr. Taylor ha3 been in the habit of making promises oflib-
'■ 1 eral rewards to those whom he believed could aid him in
' obtaining the amount of his claim.
r I consider it not out of place, and I respectfully ask the
' [ permission of vour honorable body, to adveit to the position
H of the honorable gentleman who made the charges quoted,
'! in another ease recently before you; and, hi view of the
|j facts and circumstances connected therewith, it is hoped
i i that he will jom in the application now made, or at least not
,! oppose it.
j' it will be recollected that the Senate made an amendment ,
, to the bill making appropiiafions for the Indian department,
i' bv which a larje amount was to be paid to certain Cherokee*
i! Indians m North Carolina, from the treasury of the United
11 States. I was summoned before the Committee of W ays
;j and Means to furnish information respecting this ea*e,
I j when the honorable gentleman also appeared as an advo-
I j cate or attorney, and strongly supported the claim as i$
!> passed the Senate. The committee and the House saw
. proper to disagree to the Senate's amendment, and made
! an important alteration therein, which might seriously have
'i affected the interests of the Indians, or rather of the white
II speculators interested in the claim. Yet notwithstanding
. the peculiar position occupied by the honorable gentle-
;• man, as stated above—which, however, could not have
been known to the honorable Speaker of the House of
' j Representatives—he became one ot the Committee of Con-
i ferenee on tne disagreeing votes of the two Houses ot Con-
i! gress on this same claim. Notwithstanding tins retnark-
i able circumstance, and the honornbl© gentleman5? pecu-
liarlv zealous advocacy of Mr. Tailor's claim, it i5* hoped
I' he will not be adverse to others endeavoring to vindicate
. themselves from unjust aspersions. Indeed, the gentleman's
! own position was so peculiar and delicate a one, that it was
. to have been expected, that instead of risins in his place,
and making gratuitous and calumnious charges against
others, he would, if he really behaved there were good_
1 grounds tor those charges, have moved for a committee ot
. mvestigation, of which, by the usages of >our honorable
'; body, he would have been the chairman; by which course
| he could have ascertained the truth, without bringing into
i question his own singular and extraordinary portion. Not
, having done so, and having pursued the wanton and unjust
, course he did, devolves upon me the duty of making ibid
1 application. YVhertforo. I respect'.uUypray that jour hon-
  nrable bodv immediately appoint a committee, with full arm
. ample power and authority to requue books and papers, to
1 examine v\ itnesscs, and to investigate lullv, not only the
' f'treyoips charges aijaan-t m\-«elf, and die office and depart-
: ment nf"Indian \rt'atrs, but am others thai m*} he brouuht
' to the knowledge of the committee, and likewise all the
' facts and circumstances respecting, or in any way connected
with, the two chums adverted to, of Mr Taj lor and tftfc
Cherokee Indians in North Carolina, and their advocacy
<. tiefore the commissioners under the treaty of Ib&i, and the
i committees and Houses of Congress.
; I invite the most rigid scrutiny into the affmrsof theonice
intrusted to mv chaige, as wdi as mto in> personal acts m
