1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1069
any way directly or indirectly connected with the public
service. And I cannot but think that that sfMri^of magna-
nimity and sense of juj-uee, which it is the duty of every
American citizen to attribute to your honorable body, will
at once prompt you to accede to this application—necessary
as. the ?ame is with reference to the preservation of the pu-
rity and respectability of the public service, and called for
as it h by justice to the character and standing of a man
gro.-slyand unjustly assailed in your honorable body, where,
unless permitted by you, he has not the right to appear and
defend himself. W. MEDILL,
Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Office of Inbian Affairs, Washington, Jlug. 11, 1838.
- The reading of the letter was frequently inter-
rupted and objected to, on the ground of its offen-
siveness to the dignity and character of the House.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, rose, and
defended the rights and privileges of the members
of the House against such attacks from a subordi-
nate officer of the Government. lie concluded by
moving that the letter be not received.
Mr. FRIES replied that an attack had been
made on the floor of the House by the gentleman^
from North Carolina on Colonel Medill, to which
no honorable man would submit. He was willing
to admit that the letter was not couched in the most
respectful language. The Commissioner had been
charged with corruption and fraud, to repel which
it was not to b£ supposed that he would be very
careful in choosing his language. He hoped that
a committee would be raised to inquire into the
charges made by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, as was asked by Mr. Medill.
Mr. CLINGMAN said the report of his remarks
in the Intelligencer, in which he had alluded to the
corruption of the Indian Bureau, was not entirely
accurate, but, from information received since he
had made those remarks, he was satisfied of the
corruption of that bureau. He also reiterated some
of the strong language which he had heretofore
used in relation to th'e Commissioner.
Messrs. BURT and EVANS followed, and spoke
at some length against the reception of the letter of
Mr. Medill, on account of the offensive language
in which it was couched. The privileges of the
House secured the freest and most ample debate,
which siVbuld, however, be exercised with pru-
dence, but under no circumstances could it be tol-
erated that an officer of a subordinate department
of the Government should send to this House an
offensive communication like this. If he had felt
aggrieved, he should, in the first place, have ascer-
tained from the honorable gentleman from North
Carolina if he was correctly reported; and in the
next place, he should have asked for an investiga-
tion. But he had gone beyond this, and written an
insulting letter, which the House could not receive
without forfeiting its osvn self-respect. The Ex-
ecutive had long sought to degrade the House,and
. now he had an imitator in one of his subordinates.
Mr. "WOODWARD said he had no remarks to
offer in relation to the propriety of the course pur-
sued by the honorable member from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Clingman,] nor did he rise to vindicate
the supposed privileges of members of this House.
He denied that any privileges existed except by the
positive provisions of-the Constitution, or such as
Congress misht enact, in pursuance of its right of
exclusive legislation in this District.
- His intention was to express his view of the
conduct of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in
sending to this body an insulting and offensive
communication. It appeared to him thateverythmg
was tending to the humiliation and debasement of
the legislative branch of the Government. If a
similar communication had been addressed to the
Executive branch, or even to one of its subordinate
departments—the War or the State Department—it
would have been regarded as an outrage. He
(Mr. W.) would have so considered it. And he
did not hesitate to declare that he would vote to
dismiss from office any officer of this House who,
in his official position, should be guilty of suck
an act. Should the Clerk of this House, the Ser-
geant-at-arms, or any other subordinate, take it on
himself to address the President in the language
which one of his subordinates has presumed to
throw into our face this morning, there is not a
member on this side of the House who~would not
demand his dismissal'from office. And he (Mr.
W.) would readily accede to the demand.^ Yes,
sir, could I separate your character as Speaker
from your constitutional privileges as a member of
this body, I would vote for your dismissal un-
der like circumstances. And, sir, I shall expect
from the Executive the same justice I am so ready
to accord to him. I shall expect him to dismiss
Colonel Medill from office, or, at all events, to sub-
ject him to some proper reproof. As he (Mr* W.)
would defend the Executive department from in-
sult and aggression on the part of our subordinates,
so he would expect the Executive to defend the
legislative department against aggressions and in-
sult from his subordinates. It lias come to this,
that a subordinate in one of the departments pre-
sumes to send an insulting communication to this
House, and, what is still more humiliating, to
demand of us certain proceedings thereon, and we
are expected, upon his demand, to go into the
question of the infamous conduct of one of our-
selves! Sir, I shall expect every member on this
floor who does not bear in his bosom the heart of
a tory to repel, indignantly, this insult upon the
American House of Commons, thus offered by a
subordinate in another branch of the Government.
If the honorable member from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] has done injustice to the Com-
missioner, Mr. Medill, let Mr. Medill seek satis-
faction outside of these walls in such manner a« he
may think best upon his own responsibility. I
shall consider myself as having no right to inter-
fere.
Mr. FARAN next obtained the floor.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he wished very
much to hear the communication read. He had
not heard a word of it.
Mr. FARAN spoke of the importance of the
officer at the head of the Indian Bureau being a
man of the highest honor and the strictest integrity,
and said whenever any member of the Executive
or Legislative department attempted to degrade
that officer in the public estimation, to represent
him as not resisting corruption or spurning a bribe,
such an effort, particularly when made from the
Legislative department, should meet on the spot
with instant rebuke. _Never could he ask any de-
partment of this Government to respect him when
he did not respect himself; nor could this House
be respected by the country when it would not
respect itself. If members of this House would
charge the basest corruption upon persons who
stood at the head of the Treasury, and who should
be men of the nicest honor and the strictest in-
tegrity, he said they should never shrink from any
investigation which might be asked by that officer
or by any member of this House.
What he complained of was, that the gentleman
from North Carolina, if he believed the charges
which he had preferred were true, bad not long
since brought them before the House and de-
manded an investigation. But when, having; failed
to do this, he got up at the heel of the "session and
threw out in debate these charges of bribery and
corruption upon the head of the Indian Bureau, it
was no more than proper that that officer should
repel those charges in language as strong as the
gentleman himself had used.
Mr. F. yielded the floor at the appeal of Mr.
CUMMINS, who was proceeding to offer some
remarks, when—
Mr. DUER raised the point of order that the
gentleman could not yield the floor without losing
his right to it entirely.
The SPEAKER stated, that by the courtesy of
the House, gentlemen had been allowed to yield
to others forexplanations and still retain the floor;
but, by the strict parliamentary law, if it was in-
sisted upon, but one gentleman could be entitled
to the floor at a time.
Mr. DUER gave notice, then, that when the
gentleman [Mr. Cummins] concluded, he should
object to the gentleman who had yielded resuming
the floor, and should himself claim it and move the
previous question.
Mr. FARAN, under this intimation, resumed
the floor, and, after remarking that the law applied
in this case was contrary to the uniform practice
of the House, and expressing the hope that, if
insisted upon now, it would be in all other cases,
proceeded to say, that, without intimating in the
slightest degree that the insinuation contained in
the communication against the gentleman from
North Carolina was correct, (the gentleman's
statement had been made, which he was bound to
.believe,) he nevertheless held, that if any member
of this House acted corruptly, it was the privilege
of every American citizen, whether he held office
under the Executive or not, to present the charge
to this body, and a communication of that kind,
he apprehended, had never been considered en
insult to the House. If a member on this floor
made a serious charge against an Executive .officer j.
such as the charge of bribery or corruption, he held'
it was the privilege of such officer to reply to it in
language as strong as that in which the charge
was made. Gentlemen should recollect that mer*
out of this Hall were as sensitive to their honor as
they themselves were; and it was the right of the
head of the Indian Bureau, when charges of bri-
bery and corruption were brought against him, to
repel them in language as strong as that in which
the charges were couched, and to demand of the
House an investigation. He had known this-
public officer long, and he undertook to say there
lived not a human being of stricter integrity and
■ nicer honor, and who more earnestly desired, as a
! citizen and an officer of the Government, faithfully
: to discharge his duties to the country. He under-
took to say that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina had been most wofully, grossly, egregiously
imposed upon; and he had no doubt but the gen-
tleman, with his high sense of honor and his lib-
erality as a gentleman towards a gentleman, would r
after an investigation, be ready to acknowledge
before the country that he had been deceived and
mistaken in submitting the charges. He hoped
no objection would be made to a full investigation?
of the case.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, appealed to the
gentleman from Ohio to adopt some other mode of
arriving at the facts of the case. The gentleman
desired an investigation of the truth or falsity of
the charges made against the Commissioner of*
Indian Affairs. It was proper it should be had.
He considered the communication of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, though m the main unob-
jectionable, still, in some parts, disrespectful to the
House; and he hoped that the gentleman would
I withdraw it and offer a simple resolution providing
1 for the investigation, which, no doubt, would, be
; adopted by the House. He expressed the high-
! est confidence in the integrity and honor of the
I Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and thought the
gentleman from North Carolina would find that-
he had been misinformed. He dissented from
what he considered the result of the position taker?
by Mr. Woodward, tj'z : that the House had the
exclusive right to make charges against whomso-
ever they saw fit to direct them, and that they who
j were thus charged had no right to repel and cast
: them back. He thought that the practice of mem-
bers of this House themselves, in their constant
denunciations of the Executive and his officers,
and in bringing forward the gravest charges, might
rather be traced the retorts which were provoked,
than to any disposition which the Executive-de-
partment might have to encroach on the rights of
Congress. He referred to the letter of Mr. Tiist
containing grave charges against the President—
which he ventured to say no man of honor on this
floor would get up and say he believed—and to
the fact that, notwithstanding this, gentlemen on
the other side were not only ready to icceive the
letter, but to print it. He deprecated the acrimony
with which discussions were carried on on this floor,
both on the part of each party towards the other
and with reference to the Executive, and ascribed
to this cause the fact that members were not treated
with greater respect bv others.
Mr. WOODWARD wished to say, that he
thought gentlemen on this floor had the right to
make use of what language they saw fit, when
speaking of the official conduct of the Executive
officers.
Mr. CUMMINS objected, as a point of order,,
to the floor being yielded, if Mr. Houston wished
to retain his right to it. He wanted the same rule
■ applied that had been enforced upon him.
! Mr. HOUSTON further enforced the propriety
i of gentlemen on this floor treating all whose con-
i duct came under their scrutiny with respect, and
j consideied it necessary in order to ensure respect
for themselves in return. It was too much to ex~
| pect than an officer of the Government, (who was
! but a man,) when he had the gravest charges
. brought upon him, should not repel them with
warmth. He admitted, however, it would have
1 been the most proper course for the Commissioner
j simply to have denied the charges and demanded
I an investigation.
i Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, said, in his le-
I gislative experience, he had noticed one case, and
| one only, similar to this. Some years since, a
t high functionary of his own State, a "State Senator*
