1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 12,
had rendered himself obnoxious to his own party,
and another distinguished member of the same
party had presented a memorial to the lower House
containing base and calumnious charges, and he
■was glad to say it had been indignantly spurned
by the House of Representatives of the State of
Indiana, and the gentleman himself had barely
escaped expulsion from the House, by apologizing
to them with tears in his eyes. This paper pre-
sented the remarkable fact, that because a repre-
sentative of 70,000 people on this floor had chosen
to say he had no confidence in an executive offi-
cer, that subordinate member of a coordinate de-
partment had presented a paper to this House im-
peaching the moral character and the integrity and
honor of that member of this House. He knew
nothing of the correctness of these charges; he had
known the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for ten
years with some intimacy, and had never seen any-
thing discreditable in his conduct. He was, there-
fore, prepared to enter into this investigation with
something of a partiality in his favor, But he was
startled when he heard gentlemen on this floor
talking about executive officers being influenced
by revengeful feelings towards this House. This
House were the representatives of the sovereignty
of the people, and constituted the grand inquest of
the nation, and yet they must not arraign the con-
duct of public functionaries fcrr fear their motives
should be attacked in return! Had it come to this,
in the year 1848, when this great struggle was
going on between Executive power and tiie popu-
lar supremacy'1 What was there in what had
been said by the gentleman from North Carolina
to provoke such an attack?—a gentleman whom
he was proud to call his friend, notwithstanding
the base charges which had been brought against
him; a gentleman to whose unimpeachable charac-
ter it was unnecessary for him to bear testimony.
He read the reported remarks of Mr. Clfngman.
Mr.. SAWYER and Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL
wished the paper of Mr. Medill to be read also.
Mr. THOMPSON said it coultt be read when
he got through, and was proceeding to speak of the
remarks of Mr. Clingman, when—
Mr. CLINGM AN repeated the correction of the
report which he had made at a previous stage of
the debate.
Mr. THOMPSON understood that the gentle-
man from North Carolina, then, had never made
such a charge as was represented. When an indi-
vidual member of this House thought proper to
attack an individual out of the House, this House,
as a House, could know nothing of it: it was a
matter for the two individuals to settle between
themselves. But the man feeling himself aggrieved
had no n\ore right to send into this House a paper
applying abusive epithets to the member, than he
had to insult the Speaker for having signed a bill
which might not be entirely consistent with his own
private opinions. The Constitution provided that
members should not beheld responsible elsewhere
for words spoken in debate, and the House were
bound to protect them whenever they were called
in question.
Mr. COLLAMER thought the only question
properly before the House was, whether the lan-
guage of the paper was disrespectful to the House;
and if this was the question, the language of Mr.
Clxxgmast, the justice of the charges made by him,
&c,, were not just matter of comment. And, at
this late stage of the session, he suggested that
gentlemen confine themselves strictly to the point
at issue.
Mr. THOMPSON would accept the suggestion
of his friend, .and confine himself mainly to the
question before the House. The gentleman from
North Carolina had only spoken of rumors of what
he had heard, and yet it was gravely argued now
that for this the gentleman was liable to be insulted,
and his motives arraigned by an Executive officer.
But it appeared that the gentleman was incor-
rectly reported. He referred to the groat diffi-
culty of reporting with enure correctness in the
noise and confusion of thi3 Hall, and said the
proper way for the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
would have been, if he had considered the re-
ported remarks an attack on his character, to have
addressed the gentleman from North Carolina, in-
quiring whether he was correctly represented m
the reported remarks. But the gentleman from
North Carolina had said he believed the Indian
- Bureau was corrupt. So did he, (Mr. T.,) and so,
he ventured, to say, did two hundred out of the two
hundred and thirty members on this floor; not that
the head of the bureau was corrupt, but that it
was impossible for any man, of however high in-
tegrity and great energy, to purge the Indian Bu-
reau of the festering corruption which existed in
its various ramifications.
Mr. CLINGMAN .wished to explain, but ob-
jections were made.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. He was told he
was wasting the whole day. The House had
wasted weeks and months 4n discussing private
and unimportant bills, and now, when he stood up
to defend the high constitutional rights and pre-
rogatives of this House, was he to be told that it
was out of place?
He continued to comment on the communica-
tion as exceedingly improper in its terms, and he
said it ought to be rejected by the House. If he
were in order, he would offer the following resolu-
tion:
Re&ilved, That the communication of the Commissioner
of Indian Altairs be returned to that officer, and ihat lie be
informed ti.at this House considers the language thereof as
offensive and indecorous.
Mr. ItOCKWELL, of Connecticut, also sent up
a resolution, which was read by the Clerk. It was
to the effect, that the communication from Mr.
Medill was disrespectful in its language, and there-
fore that it ought not to be received.
Mr. BURT rose to a point of order. The paper
upon the Speaker's table had not been received by
the House, and therefore it could not be made the
subject of the action of the House. The House
could assign no other reason than that which was
implied by its rejection.
Mr. DIXON moved the previous question.
Various points of order were made, and some
conversation ensued thereon.
Mr. FRIES inquired whether he.had the right,
under the rules, to withdraw the communication?
The SPEAKER replied that he had.
Mr. FRIES then said, that, acting in deference
to the wishes of his friends, and with the view of
reaching the important object at which he and his
friend, Colonel Medill, desired to arrive, viz: the
obtaining of an investigation of all the charges pre- ;
ferred by the gentleman from North Carolina, he ,
withdrew the communication, with the intention j
of moving a resolution of inquiry. j
On motion of Mr. VINTON, a Committee of 1
li Conference on the part of the House, to meet a i
I' similar committee on the part of the Senate, on the i
;i disagreeing votes of the two Houses, on the bill i
making appropriations for the support of the army
for the year ending June 30, 1$49, was ordered;
: and Messrs. Toombs, Boyd, and Hall, of New
|| *~ork, were appointed said committee.
|| Subsequently, Mr. Toombs was excused from
' serving on said committee, at his own iequest,and
>\ Mr. Hubbard appointed in his place,
jj CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
jj The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill having
l| been returned from the Senate, with the informa-
ji tion that the Senate had agreed to the report of the ,
!i Committee of Conference on their part on the dis- '
!; agreements of the two Houses on said bill— !
ii "Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the part of the House, made a report,
1, which was read.
|i Mr. TOOMBS commented on the report of the
Committee of Conference, and charged them with
h having capitulated to the Senate on every point.
;! He spoke of the question of members' mileage,
|' and the reduction of the salaries of officers in Uie
.j Executive departments and some others, and he
j! said he trusted there would be a burst of indigna-
tion fiom the country on account of ibis .yielding
of salutary measures of refoim.
,j Mr. VINTON defended the Committee of Con-
]j ference, and contended that their recommendation
1 was discreet and just. On the subject of mileage
ii of members, he argued that any reform should be
!i made by a law, and not by an item in an appro-
ii pnauon bill; and he asserted that no member who
!i supported himself here and maintained his family
'! at home was extravagantly paid. He had no doubt
j! the gentleman from Georgia expended much more
ij than he received.
! Mr. TOOMBS assented, and said that he ex-
i pended $3,000 more than he received.
'! Mr. VINTON said, then, he would put the gen-
ii tleman from Georgia on the stand, as a witness,
j- He continued at some length to defend the report
li of the committee.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, briefly ad-
dressed the House on the same subject and some
other portions of the committee's report.
Mr. HUDSON defended the action of the Com-
mittee of Conference in remarks of some length,
which the reporter has failed to furnish.
Mr. DICKEY then obtained the floor, and
moved the prev-ious question, which was seconded;
and, under the operation thereof, the report of the
Committeeof Conference wasagreed to; Yeas 301,
nays 72.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote just*
taken; which motion was, on his motion, laid on
the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
of Conference on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses of Congress on
the bill for giving effect to certain treaty stipula-
tions between- this and foreign Governments for
the apprehension and delivering up of certain
offenders, made a report; which was read and
agreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of taking up the amendments
of the Senate to the post route bill. Lost—two-
thirds not voting in the affirmative.-
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was ordered that
theHouse takearecess from half-past three o'clock
to half-past five o'clock this day.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
On motion of Mr. ROOT, the House proceeded
to consider the hnsiness on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter^
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting,
in compliance with a resolution of the House of
the 28th of June last, a statement of the duties,
revenues, and public expenditures during the two
lastfisoel years. Laid on the table. .
The House proceeded to consideiMhe joint res-
olution of the Senate to suspend the 16th joint
rule, so far as to permit the sending to the House
the bill to carry into effect certain stipulations of
the treaty between the United States of America
and the Republic of Mexico of February 2, 1848.
The resolution was read and concurred m, and
returned to the Senate.
The House then proceeded to consider the
amendments to the bill to establish certain post
routes, and forother purposes, which was returned
from the Senate with sundry amendments.
The amendment authorizing the appointment of
deputy postmasters at San Diego and other ports
in California was concurred in; and the amendment
providing that the new routes provided for in the
bill should not be put into operation until the next
general lettings, was amended by providing that
the new routes should be put out to contract at the
annual lettings in 1849; and it was then agreed to,
as amended. The other amendments were non-
concurred in; and it was ordered that the Clerk
acquaint the Senate therewith.
The House proceeded to consider the Senate's
amendment to the House bill to alter the time of
holding the terms of the United States courts for
the western district of Virginia; which amendment
of the House was disagreed to by the Senate.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, ic was
resolved that the House do insist upon its amend-
ment.
Mr. J. II. INGERSOLL moved that a Commit-
tee of Conference on the part of the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the fore-
going bill be appointed. Agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI AND MICHIGAN RAILROAD.
The House then proceeded to consider the Sen-
ate bill, granting to the State of Illinois the right
. of way and a donation of public lands for making a
, railroad connecting the Upper and Lower Missis-
' sippi river with the chain of northern lakes? at
; Chicago.
! The question being on the third reading of the
; bill—
! Mr. COLLAMER recited the previous action of
both Houses on the bill at this session. The gen-
, eral principle on which it was based was well
' known. If the principle of granting alternate
! sections of the public lands for railroads and ca-
: nals, and raising up the other sections, was such a
principle as the House would sustain, he belieyed
the bill was correct in all particulars, except one.
, This point he proposed to fortify by an amend
j ment (which he sent up to be read) preventing the
