1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
company from going off the route to locate the
lands where the lands were previously entered by
settlers. He proposed that the question be taken
on the amendments collectively; and, without en-
tering into the argument, he moved the previous
question.
Mr. DICKEY moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. ATKINSON moved a call of the House.
Rejected.
The question was taken on laying the bill on the
table, and was rejected: Yeas 56, nays 77.
The question being put. on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, no quorum voted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved a call of the
House. Rejected: Yeas 78, nays 98.
The previous question was then seconded, and,
under the operation thereof, Mr. Collamer's
amendment was agreed to.
The question on the third reading of the bill
was put and rejected by yeas and nays: Yeas 74,
nays 78.
Mr. McLANE moved to reconsider the last
vote, and proceeded to make some remarks on the
constitutionality of the question of granting lands
for objects of internal improvements, in which he
was checked by the arrival of the hour of recess.
EVENING SESSION.
At half-past five o'clock, p. m., the Speaker
resumed the chair, and there being but few mem-
bers in attendance—
Mr. MARVIN, by leave, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, to which was referred Senate
bill to allow subsistence to certain Arkansas and
other volunteers, who have been prisoners of war
in Mexico, reported the same. Committed.
AKo, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill concerning the Pay department
of the army, reported the same without amend-
ment.
The bill was then read the third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
Mr. Y1NT0N, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred Senate bill au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to surrender cer-
tain bonds of the State of Indiana held by the
United States to the agent of said State of Indiana,
reported .the same back to the House without
amendment; and, on motion of Mr. Vinton, the
bill was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
A letter from the Secretary'of State, transmit-
ting, in obedience to a resolution of the House of
the 21st December, 1847, a report upon the state
of the claims of Aaron Leggett, accompanied by
copies of all correspondence relating thereto. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in compliance with a resolution of the House of
the 9th instant, a copy of the proceedings of a
court of inquiry, convened at the city of Puebla,
in Mexico, in July, 1847, at the instance of Colo-
nel Bennet Riley, of which Major General Pillow
was president. Laid on the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report of the superintendent of the
construction of standard weights and measures,
on the progress made therein during the years
1846 and 1847. Laid nn the table.
A letter from the Mayor of the city of Wash-
ington, transmitting a copy of the resolutions of
the Boards of Aldermen and Common Council of
the city of Washington, expressive of their sense
of the kind consideration manifested by Congress
for the interest of the city during the present ses-
sion. Laid on the table, and ordered to be printeu.
Mr. FRIES asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of three members of this
House 1m* appointed to inquire into and fully investigate the
course nnr^ned by Ihe Commissioner of Indian Afrairsni
ihe administration of liis official duties, and especially into
tile charges made and preferred m a debate in this body on
the 9th instant, by the Hon. T. L. Cliwuk, a member ot
tins Hnu«e; and that said committee have lull and ample
poiver and authority to require books and papers, to exam-
ine witnesses, and to investigate fully said charges, and that
taid committee shall report Die lesult of their said investi-
gation at the next session of Congress.
No objection being made, the resolution was
rccGivcd J
After an inquiry by Mr. BURT, as to whether
the committee were to sit during the recess
Mr. CONGER moved to lay the resolution on
the table. Rejected.
Mr. FRIES now modified his resolution, by
substituting five instead of three, so as to make
the committee consist of five members, and moved
the previous question, which was seconded, and,
under the operation thereof, the resolution was
agreed to.
ILLINOIS RAILROAD.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion made by Mr. McLANE, to reconsider the
vote refusing the third reading of the Senate bill,
granting to the State of Illinois the right of way
and a donation of public lands for making a rail-
road connecting the Upper and^ Lower Mississippi
river with the chain of northern lakes at Chicago.
Mr. McLANE said that in the motion he had
made for the reconsideration of the bill, his object
had been to propose an amendment; and if the
amendment should be adopted, then he would have
no longer any objection that the bill should pass.
But, as in the judgment of the House on all bills
of this description, the questiou of internal im-
provements was always involved, he felt it to be
his duty to state here the distinction which he took
between a bill like this, making a grant of land to
construct a proposed road, and' the ordinary acts
which had so often passed the House, appropri-
ating money out of the treasury to construct, under
the direction of the Government, a railroad or a
harbor, or to improve the navigation of a river.
If he rightly understood the issue on the ques-
tion of internal improvement, it lay in the different
opinions entertained as to the power of the Gov-
ernment, under the money clause, and as to its
right to do whatever was necessary to carry out
the grants of power m the Constitution.
The ground on which internal improvements by
the General Government was generally put, was
the power of the Government to appropuate mo-
ney to promote the general welfare. That ground
he denied. He utterly denied that the General
Governmentcould, under thatpower,orany power,
appropriate money for a general system of internal
improvements.
Mr. HUNT said that if the gentleman alluded
to the resolutions of the Chicago Convention, those
resolutions did not say so.
Mr. McLANE said that in voting against those
resolutions as introduced by the Committee on
Commerce, and against those moved by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] he had
so understood them, and therefore voted against
them. But he never had denied the power of this
Government to construct works necessary for the
defence of the country, or for the protection of
American commerce, whether foreign commerce i
or commerce between the Slates, as that commerce j
had been established and regulated by the Govern- I
ment. |
If this taxing power or money power is divided, ;
and two distinct powers drawn from it, the one to !
raise money, and the other to appropriate, money, \
without limitation other than the discretion of
Congress in its judgmentof the general welfare;
then our Government is one of general and unlim-
ited powers. A construction of this power is some-
times contended for, which admits this money
power to be a single power, and regards the refer-
ence to the general welfare as a qualification only
of the taxing power, limiting it urobjects condu-
cive to the general welfare, and still leaves to Con-
gress a full discretion, in its judgment of objects
deemed conclusive to the general welfare. This 1
view of the question is equally vicious with the ]
other, and would constitute a Government without ;
limitation, formed by a particular enumeration of !
powers. i
Mr. McL. said he believed Congress was au- j
thonzed to provide money for the common de- I
fence and general welfare; but in providing for j
this common defence and general welfare, Con- ,
wress was restrained by an enumeration of cases in ;
the Constitution to which this power extends. The !
Congress had no right to apply public money to
the general welfare, otherwise than by an applica-
tion of it to some particular measure conducive to
the general welfare, and this particular measure
must be within the enumerated poweis vested in
Congress, or indispensable and necessary to the
just execution of thes& enumerated powers. This
'was the principle, as he understood it, of the Re-
publican party in the early history of the Govern-
ment, as he believed it to be now of the Pemocratic
party.-
To explain his position on this subject, no other
illustration was necessary than that common one
of the light-house system. If the Government ""
had the power to create a port of entry, then it
was clearly the duty of Government to make the
entrance of our commerce into that port safe from
danger. And just so in regard to the army and the
navy. If a breakwater were neeessary to render
a harbor a safe asylum for our vessels of war, or
our commercial marine, it might rightfully be con-
structed.
This was his position in relation to works of in-
ternal improvement: the Government might con-
struct them wherever their construction v/as neces-
sary to the carrying out of the granted powers in
the Constitution.
Now, to apply this principle to the bill in hand,
granting land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road through the State of Illinois, and to his ob-
jections to that bill in its present shape: this Gov-
ernment, being a trustee, under the Constitution,
to dispose of the public land, was bound, if it
should find that a certain portion of those lands
were long-unsold, and would remain unsaleable*
and if it was convinced that the value of these
lands would be enhanced, and their ultimate sale
promoted or secured, to construct such road for
that end. It was a legitimate use of the public
lands^o grant them to the States for such pur-
poses.
But in this bill, and others of a similar kind
which he had opposed, there was no guarantee
that such enhancement would be effected. The
bill provided, that as soon as the State had com-
pleted ten miles of the road, it might go on ant!
select land to construct ten miles more, and, when
that was finished, for ten miles more, and so on—
always keeping the selection of the land ten miles
in advance of the completion of the road. To this
he was opposed. He was against giving power
to select the lands for ten miles of road till the ter*
miles was completed, and not for allowing the
State or company who "were making the road to
select lands ten miles in advance. This would
radically change the character of the hill. It would
shut the door against abuse and profligate specula-
tion. If it was adopted, he should vote for the
bill; if not, he should vote agtfinst it. Such an
amendment would bring the bill wiihin his views
of the constitutional power of Congress. With-
out this restriction, the bill sanctioned a mere ven-
ture—a speculation. It was obvious that men;
under it could speculate on the quantity of land
requisite to make ten miles of the road before ever
one of those ten mdes was actually made. The
lands for ten miles ahead might be taken up, and
then the further prosecution of the road abandoned,
and the work, left unfinished, for the Government
at some future day to take up and complete out of
the treasury.
j Mr. McL. would not say that his objections to
i the bill in its present shape were insuperable.
• Objectionable as the bill was, he had rather vote
I for it than kill this system of granting alternate
sections of the public lands for the construction of
roads for the improvement of the lands. He was
a friend of the system. But he never would vote
for a road under the power to promote the general
welfare. He was ready to vote for anything that
was necessary to carry out the granted powers of
the Constitution. As a landed proprietor, he held
that this Government might lawfully give alternate
sections of its land Co enhance the value of the
residue; but it was bound to see, that in doing so,
it was bona fide providing for raising the price of
its domain, and was not making a mere gift of it
without equivalent. He felt bound to see, that in
voting this land, he was not himself making this
road,~ but only enabling others, by making it, to *
enhance the value of his land. He could not vote
for the bill under his present impressions, unless
the amendments he proposed should be inserted,.
; and the State required to complete ten miles of the
road before it got any more land.
1 Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said that the biR
provided that, as it stood.*
Mr. McL. said the gentleman was mistaken.
The amendment of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamer,] provided for the selection of
j! land ten miles in advance. To this Mr. McL. ob-
|i jected. He wanted to have the whole quantity of
land reserved which would ultimately be requisite
