THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY B LA I
R St RIVES.
30th Congress, 1st Session.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, moved to sus-
pend the rules to enable him to offer a resolution
authorizing and directing the Clerk of the House
to pay John M. Botts for the time occupied by
him in contesting the right of John W. Jones to
a seat as a representative from the State of Virginia
in the 28th Congress.
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and resulted—yeas 74, nays 53.
Two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the motion
Was lost.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE ARMY.
Mr. BOYD, from the Committee of Conference
on the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the army for the year
ending June 30, 1849, made a report, which was
read; and, after a few explanatory remarks by Mr.
B., was agreed to under the operation of the pre-
vious question moved by him. The bill as passed
is as follows: r
An ACT making appropriations for the support of the arniv
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and forty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Representatives of
the urated States of Jlmeiica in Congress assembled, That the
following sums be, and the same are herebv, appropriated
outofanymoneyin the treasury not otherwise appropriated,
lor the suppoit of the army for the year ending the thirtieth
or June, one thousand eight bundled and forty-nine.
r/.the Pay °f the army, one million six hundred and
urnty-four thousand three hundred and eighty-two dollars.
tor commutation of officers'[subsistence, five hundred and
hf^y-nve thousand three hundred and fifty-one dollars.
for commutation of fora?e lor officers' horses, one hun-
dred and foui thousand two hundred and fifty-six dollais.
r or payment in lieu of clothing for officeis' servants, thir-
ty-cix thousand one hundred and seventv dollars
For expen>es of recruiting, forty thousand live hundred
and sixty dollars.
For three months' extra pay to non-commissioned officers,
musicians, and privates, ori reenhstment, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
For three months' extra pay to the officers, non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, engaged in the mil-
itary service of the United States m the war with Mexico,
unaer the act entitled "An act to amend the act entitled
' An act supplemental to an act entitled An act providing for
l)ie prosecution of the existing w;ir between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico, and for other purposes,"'
approved July nineteenth, eighteen hundred and fortv-ei^ht,
three millions of dollars. " °
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of fuel, forage in kind for the authorized
number of officers' horses, and tor the horses, mules, and
oxen of the quartermaster'? depaitment at the several mil-
itary posts and stations, and with the armies in the field, and
tor the horses of the fiist and second legiments of dragoons,
the eight companies of light ariillerv, and the legmientol
mounted riflemen; of straw for soldiers' bedding, and of
stationery, mcludingcompany and other blank-book?? foi the
army, certificates for dn>chaiged soldiers, blank forms foi the
pay and quartermaster's depaitment, and for the printing of
division and department orders and army legulations, six
hundred thousand dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of postage on letters and packets received
and sent by orficeis on public service; expenses of courts-
martial, and courts of inquiry, including the additional
compensation to judge advocates, recorders, members*, and
witnesses, while on that service, under the act of March
sixteenth, eighteen hundred and two; e^tra pay to soldiers
employed in the erection of barracks, quarters, storehouses,
and hospital^, the construction of roads, and other constant
labor under the direction of the quartermaster's department,
for periods of not less than ten days, under the act of second
Maich, eighteen hundred and nineteen;'expenses of ex-
presses to and from the frontier posts and armies in the field,
of escorts to paymasters, other,disbursing officers, and ti aius,
where military escorts cannot be furnished; expenses of the
interment of non-commissioned officeis and soldiers.; lure
of laborers; compensation of clerks to the officers of the
quaiteima«ter's department; compensation to wagon and
forage masters, authorized by the act of the fifth or July,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight; tor the apprehension of
deserters, and the expenses incident to their puisuit;-the
various expenditures necessary to keep the first and second
regiments of dragoons, the eight companies of light artillery,
and the regiment of mounted riflemen complete, including
the .purchase of traveling forges, blacksmith's and shoeing
tools, horse and mule shoes, iron, hire of veterinary sur-
geons, medicines for hoi^es and mules, three hundred and
fifty thousand dollais.
For the purchase of horses required for the first and sec-
ond regiments of dragoons, the eight companies of light
artillery, and the regimentof mounted rillcmcn, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For constructing, repairing, and enlarging barracks, quar-
ters, storehouses, hospitals, stables, wharves, and wajs at
the several posts and armydepAU; for temporary canton-
ments, gun-houses for the protection of cannon, including
the necessary tools and materials for the objects enumer-
ated, and for the authorized furniture foi bariack-rooms of
non-commissioned offieors aad soldiers; rent of quarters
68
TUESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1848.
for officers, barracks, and hospital# for troops, wheie there
T«e 110 Pul),lc buildings tor their accommodation, for store
horses [houses] for the safekeeping of militaiy store*, and
sai^do'l'lars 8Ummer cantonments, three hundred thou-
For mileage, or the allowance made to officers for the
transpoitation of themselves and baggage, when traveling
on duty, without troops, seventy-five thousand dollars.
ror transportation of the army, including the ba^a^e of
troops, when moving either by land or water; of cdothing
? dI'I™! and horse equipments, from'
the depot at Philadelphia to the =eveial posts and aimv de-
pots; of subsistence from the places of purchase, and from
the places of delivery under contract, to such places as the
circumstances of the service may require it to be sent: of
ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms from the found-
ries and armories to the arsenals, fortification*, frontier
2°^.? army depots, one million five hundred thousand
For subsistence in kind, in addition to one hundred and
eighty-six thousand seven hundred and fourteen dollars and
forty-four cents in the treasury, one million one hundred
and twenty-seven thousand foui hundred and twentv-eieht
dollars and fifty-six cents.
For medical and hospital depaitments, one hundred and
twelve thou aud dollars.
For contingencies of the army, twenty thousand dollars
lai s°r armamen£ of fortirications, one hundi ed thousand dol-
For purchase of ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
one hundred and fifty thousand dollais.
For current expenses of the ordnance service, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the manufacture of aims at the national armories,
three hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For repairs, improvements, and new machinery at Bai-
per s Ferry aimory, fifty-three thousand and ninety-one dol-
lars. J
For repairs, improvements, and new machinery atSpriri*-
field atmory, eignty-one thousand dollars. * °
For arsenals, one bundled and tlurtv thousand three bun-
dled and thirty-eight dollais.
Foi purchase ol land at Springfield, Massachusetts, adja-
cent to new arsenal and public buildings, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For puiehase of land at Springfield, Massachusetts, to be
flowed by raising dam at upper water shop, live thousand
dollars.
For expenses of preparing drawings of a uniform system
of artillery, three thousand dollars.
For the two contemplated inihrary stations on the line of
communication with Oregon, thirty thousand dollars.
For arrearages of the militaiy and geographical surveys
west of the Mississippi, twenty thousand dollars.
For arrearages on account ot the appiopnations heretofore
made for works of fortification at Mobile point, fifty-nine
dollars and ninety-two cents; at the Rigolets, Louisiana
eight hundred and fifty-two dollars ; and at FoitLafayettn'
New York, seven hundred and twenty-six dollars andfom-
six cents—the same being the amounts expended by Lieu-
tenant Colonel De liussey. United States engineer, and ad-
muted and allowed by the Comptroller of the~Trea:>ury, but
not credited to Lieutenant Colonel De Russey, owui" to the
want of appropriations for the aforesaid works. "
Sac. 2. Jirui be it further enacted, That the act eniit/ed
" An act to authorize an increase of the rank and file of the
army of the United States," approved Mavthn teen, eighteen
hundred and foriy-six, be, and the same is hereby, repealed •
Provided, That the President of the United States may, by
tiansfer from other regiments, increase the number ol pu-
vates, of not more than live regiment-:, to such numbei as
New Series No.
communicating a report of the superintendent of
standard weights and measures and balances.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE,
- ',c printed, and that five hundred copies,
in addition to the usual number, be printed fo"the use ol the
fcupenntendent.
Mr. PEARCE submitted a communication from
Alexandre Vattemaie, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUTLER moved that the Senate insist on
its amendments to the bill to revive and extend the
provisions of an act entitled " An act to se&tle the
title to ccrtain tracts of land in the State of Arkan-
sas,"and asked a Committee of Conference, which
was appointed by the Chair. The committee con-
sists ot Messrs. Butler, Mason, and Hale.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Senate con-
curred in the amendments of the House to the bill
giving effect to certain treaty stipulations between
this and foreign governments for the apprehension
and delivery of certain offenders; which motion
was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill from the House for the
relief of William Pittman, and passed the same.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate receded
from all its amendments to the House bill to estab-
lish certain post routes; which was agreed to.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill to authorize the draining
of the Everglades in the State of Florida by said
State, and to grant the same to said State for that
purpose, without amendment, and accompanied
by a written report, with documcr.ts; which weie
ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported a resolution for the relief of the at-
torneys employed by the Choctaw reservees under
the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek, concluded the
15th of September, 1830; which was read, and
^ passed to a second reading.
! Mr. BELL also asked to be discharged from the
j sundry memorials and resolutions referred to the
( Committee on Indian Affairs.
; Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, asked to be dis-
j charged from sundry petitions referied to the Com-
j mittee on Pensions.
i Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of sundry memorials, &c., referied
to that committee.
Mr. MASON gave notice that he should move
to take up the calendar at 11 o'clock.
The bill for the relief of Cliantv Harrington, as
he may think discieet, not exceeding one bundled privates ! amended by the House, was taken up and con
to each ot the companies of said five legimerits. , curred in.
Sec. 3. jSiuI be itf wither V7uicle*l, That any non-commis-
sioned officer, musician, or piivate in the regiment of mount-
ed riflemen, who has been in service in Mexico, shall, on
application, receive an honorable discharge from theserviee
of the Cnitod States, and stand as if tiicy had served out
their respeclive terms: Provided, That any vacancy caused
by such discharge shall be filled at the discretion of the Pies-
ldeni of the United States
Sec. 4. Jlnd te it further enacted, That the Secretaiv of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and duected
to pay to Captain John Caldwell the sum of six hundred and
fifty-seven dollar*, with interest theieon fiotn the twcuti-
sixth of June, eighteen hundred arid foity-seven, being the
amount expended by hun in the puiehase of blankets and
clothing for the second regiment of Ohio volunteers, while
actmg as assistant quartermaster for that regiment, m Mex-
ico ; and that said sum be paid out of anv moner in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on Senate bills on the public
calendar.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved that the House
adjourn.
curred in.
Air. KING submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved* (the Hou«e of Representative*! conturitng,)
That the sixteenth joint rub' of the two llimw he suspend-
ed, f-o far as to permit the sending 10 the House of IJepre-
sentatne^ the bill to canv into effect certain Mmu'ation^ of
tin* treaty b> tween the [Tn<t'*d State*- ot Aincnea and the
Republic of Mexico, of the 2d daj of Februaiy, 1818.
Mr. BENTON submitted the foil owing joint
resolution of thanks to Colonel Doniphan, his offi-
cers and men:
Resolved by the Semite and House of Representatives of the
United States of Snncrica in Goner ess assembled, Tba't the
thank* of Congress* be, and the Kuno herebv ate, pie-pnted
to Colon"! Donip'ian. his ofiiecis and rien, foi the brilliant
victory of the Sacramento, and tile succe^fu! conduct ->f
the mihfpn expedition ro Chihuahua, and thence toGeneial
Taylor-* army; and that the President o( the T'mted States
be lequested to cause to lie made a sword of the vahm of
witti suitable iii>cription$, to commemorate the honor
ol suid viemiy ami expedition.
Mr. EENTON also offered the following joint
Vrii j , , . i-Ui • JJ-4-XX j- uxi aiou uncicu iuc luuuvuns una
e yeas an nays were taken on the motion, I resolution; which was read, and passed to a second
and resulted—yeas /8, nays 61. 1
And the House accordingly adjourned at a quar-
ter past nine o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 12, 1S4S.
The PRESIDENT pro fern, laid before the Sen-
ats a report of the Secretary of the Treasury^
reading:
RcsoU ed hij the Senate and Iloiose of Tleprac-nt'ith es Gf the
United Stales of Jime^ica m Consiess <,z,sciiJ>kd, That the
thanks of Congiess be piesented to Bri'/adier General Price,
ins officers and men, foi the bui/i.mt \ ictur> achieved by
■ them at St Cruz, in the folate of Chihuahua, ovei a supenor
Mexican force; and that the President of the United Stales
be requested to cau^e a >-word ot the value of vuth
suitable/n.-cr;p(io[)5, ro be made and piesented to General
pncp, in honor and commemoration of said victory.
