1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
feelings of the friends with whom he was asso-
ciated. He controverted the doctrine, that even if
the whole country, North and South, was opposed
to slavery, Congress had no power to legislate on
the subject. He thought the Missouri compromise
had settled that point. He repeated, in conclusion,
his conviction that the making up of the issue at
this time was premature. When the whole ques-
tion as to the Territories of California and New
Mexico should come up, it would be time enough
to tender the issue.
Mr. TCJRNEY thought the whole question was
involved in the question now under consideration.
It was alleged by the Senator from Missouri, that
if this biit should be rejected, it might become the
duty of the President to convene Congress for the
purpose of providing a government for Oregon,
if so, why had three years been permitted to pass
without any government being provided for Ore-
gon? He did, not regard the claims of Oregon as
greater than those of California and New Mexico.
The question had become a sectional one, and pro-
ductive of angry discussion. He desired to know
why, in reference to this bill, the usual parlia-
mentary course of appointing a committee of con ■
ference was to be departed from ? On no other bill
had there been this departure from the ordinary
course. He could see no reason for the change.
Deny this Committee of Conference, and all hope
of providing a government for Oregon is lost, and
every opportunity of conciliating the opposing
sections of the country will have passed away.
He hoped this spirit of conciliation would not be
abandoned until every effort had been exhausted
in a Committee of Conference. He complimented
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] on the
course he had taken, almost alone, in throwing
himself into the breach, to preserve his party and
the Union. He hoped the committee would be
allowed. When had such a committee failed to
agree? When had any bill been lost, which had
been referred to a Committee of Conference? To
test the sense of the Senate, he would move to lay
the motion of the Senator from Missouri on the
table.
The CHAIR deciding that that motion would
carry the bill with it—
Mr. TURNEY withdrew his motion.
Mr. BUTLER said that he had voted for laying
the bill on the table, because, after the declaration
of the Senator from Missouri, that the reference to
a Committee of Conference would be a transfer of
the power of the Senate, he thought it would be
better to leave Oregon without a government for
the present than pass the bill in such a shape as
would provoke the consequences which must fol-
low. He thought the views of the Senator from
Tennessee [IVJr. Bell] were not correct, and it ap-
peared very unlikely that any issue could probably
ensue which would suit the taste of that Senator.
The history of the great men of Massachusetts, in
the revolutionary crisis, would rise up and rebuke
t:hose who were so fastidious about an issue. He
put a number of questions to ascertain what issue
would suit the Senator. He complimented that
Senator for the qualities of heart which he had ex-
hibited when he spoke of his sympathies for the
North. But he thought that the practical judgment
of that Senator would revolt from a surrender of
the Oregon question. We read with admiration
of individuals who have stood up alone to breast
the storm; and we have seen such among us. But
if we of the South are obliged to go home, and tell i
our constituents that the Missouri compromise has j
been rejected, all the eloquence of the Senator from j
Tennessee and that of the Senator from Missouri i
combined, would have no effect in controlling the
burst of indignation which would break forth. He
referred to a letter published last summer by the
Senator from Missouri, in which he pledged him-
self to give Oregon a government, and congrat-
ulated him on the facility with which he could
change his position. He thought little of any
dangers which would threaten the Union from any
consequences which could arise from the extension
of our country, in comparison with those which
must follow the rejection of this last effort of com-
promise. He could not coincide in opinion with
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,]
that there was nothing m the Constitution touch-
ing the government of new Territories obtained by
a power resulting from war. There were many
things prohibited by the Constitution which could
not be done in a new Territory any more than in
any other Territory. He concluded by stating,
that we had given by this bill to Oregon a Legis-
lature, a Governor, and everything usually in-
cluded in bills of this kind; ana was it to be sup-
posed, that if this feature were stricken out, Oregon
could not exist under its government? The idea
of the Senator from Tennessee, that the issue could
not be made until the decision of Congress on the
California question, he repudiated, because there
was no probability that such issue would be made
at present. The next-issue would be the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia, and in the
forts and arsenals. He believed that in a few years
an amendment of the Constitution would be made,
which would still further prostrate the power and
interests of -the South. The opposition to the
Amistad appropriation had been sustained by ar-
guments such as he had never before this session
heard from any lips. The situation of the south
Atlantic States ought to induce us to pause. We
had gone through a war, and the fruits of victory
are held up, but these fruits the South is not per-
mitted to touch. While the North is becoming
rich by the carrying trade, by supplying provis-
ions, &c., the South had not even had its share of
patronage in the appointment of the officers who
had figured in the war. He adduced this as proof
that the weak would always be pressed down by
the strong. While none of the honors, except the
laurels enjoyed by those who have returned, and
the cypress which mingles with the willow and js
dewed with the widow's and the orphan's tears,
have fallen to the South, it was hard to bear the
insulting comparisons instituted on the subject of
slavery whenever it comes up for discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON wished to make his position
known, not only on this continent, but that it
should be blazoned forth to the world. He be-
lieved that the crisis so much spoken of had come.
Texas was peculiarly situated. The line of 36°
30' divides her territory. North of that, slavery
is prohibited; south of it, slavery may or may not
exist, as she may select. Texas had entered the
Union on this condition, and she was willing to
adhere to that condition. He did not see that this
bill affected the intetests of Texas in any way.
The extension in Oregon of the line to 42° could
not affect the southern States. He stood on the
frontier, and he saw nothing in whatever legisla-
tion might take place m reference to territory north
of 42° which could concern his State. He remind-
ed the Senate that thirteen Senators from the north-
ern States had voted for the admission of Texas as
she came in. And he was ready to vote for the
admission of Oregon, even with the prohibition of
slavery attached to it, as it could never affect the
southern Territories. He might vote against re-
ceding, because he hoped something better might
be obtained. As to the southern Territories, the
Government of California is not now before us.
He remembered the cry of disunion and nullifica-
tion when the high tariff was imposed. That cry
reached him in the wilderness, an exile from kindred
and friends and sections; but it rung m his ears,
and wounded his heart. But now he was in the
midst of such a cry, and he was bound to act as a
man conscious of the solemn responsibilities lm- 1
posed on him. He had heard the menaces and
cries of disunion until he had become familiar with
them, and they had now ceased to produce alarm
in his bosom. He had no fear of the dissolution j
of the Union, when he recollected how it had been j
established, and how it had been defended. It ;
could not be the interest of the North" to destroy j
the South, notwithstanding the papers signed by i
old men, and old women, and pretty little girls, j
praying for abolition, got up in the very small (
coteries—these could not ruffle the Union. The i
intelligent and manly spirits of the North would ;
rise up to defend the Union. He wished no sep- I
aration of the States. I-Ie had too much confidence j
in the North to fear any injury from that section, j
And he thought the South—and lie was a southern !
man—should make some sacrifice for the purpose ;
of reconciliation with the North. As to the Pres-
idential elections, he hoped they would always
continue, and that the Republic would long exist;
but he did not dread the influence which these
questions would exercise on legislation. Oi egon
cannot obtain protection and good government, ex-
cept from Congress; and he hoped these would be
extended to her.
As to the South, he was anxious to throw off
from her any injurious imputations. It had been
said that the South, which supported one of the
candidates in 1840, had deserted him in 1844. He
was a favorite with the South, because he declared
himself a ■northern man with southern principles,
and of course was a favorite with the South.
What is that gentleman's position now? It re-
minded him of the two farmers who had two
orchards, one oti the north and the other on the
south side of a hill. On one occasion, when the
fruit failed on the northern side, the farmer on the
south offered his neighbor the privilege of coming
into his orchard and making there what cider he
needed. il That is very well," said the northern
man, <4but I have no hands to make it.1' The
southern man replied that he would make him
some, and would let him have a barrel of eider.
"But I have no one to bring it home," said the
northern man. "Weil, I will send you a barrel,"
was the reply. " That is all well,'' said his neigh-
bor, " and when I have drunk out the cider, what
will you give me for the barrel*" So the gentle-
man of the North with southern principles now
wanted to sell the barrel to the South. He went
on at some length to discuss the political character
and course of Mr, Van Buieri, expressing: his be-
lief that as soon as Elisha's mantle fell on his
shoulders, he was the favorite of the South on that
account; but that when he styled himself a north-
ern man with southern principles, that alone should
have put the South on her guard, and led her to
suspect him of treachery. But if the vision of the
stern old warrior could break upon him as that old
man would have looked, if living, on his traitorous
course, the sjance of the warrior's eye would ex-
terminate him where he stands, and leave not a
spot to mark the place. He went on to show the
intimate connection of interests between the North
and the South, which ought to cement the union
j between them. They are mutually dependent on
I each other; and if the slaves were free, where
I would be found purchasers for the coaiser fabric*?
of northern manufactures? The South had no
reason to complain because the North was the
beneficiary of the favors of the Government. He
thought that these considerations ought to influ-
ence us when any one talks to us of a dissolution
of the Union. He protested against the crics of
disunion, and against every attempt to traduce the
Union. He was of the South, and he was ready
to defend the South; but he was for the Union.
The Union was his guiding star, and he would fix
his eyes on that star to direct his course. He
would advise his friends of the South and of the
North to pursue measures of conciliation. He
would discourage every attempt to sow discord,
and to stir up the passions of the country, and
kindle them up to war. He regretted that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina had used any menacing
language against the Union.
Mr. CALHOUN explained that he used no
menace. He spoke of his own position.
Mr. HOUSTON said, he was gl id to find that
the Senator meant no menace. What would be
done by the South? Would she have a conven-
tion ?
Mr. DOWNS. Have not the North had a con-
vention ?
Mr. BUTLER. Does the Senator think it
treason in the South to have a convention?
Mr. HOUSTON said, certainly not. It would
have the ri^ht to hold a convention and raise a
puny war against the women and children who get
up abolition papers, or against that convention at
Buffalo; and he had seen a much more respectable
convention of buffaloes. He would never go into
any southern convention; lie would never aid in
any scheme to bring about a dissolution of the
Union. What would a southern convention do?
Would it oppose the laws enacted by a majority
of the two j louses? Would it raise troops to cut
off emigrants to Oregon, because they were going^
there without negroes? He wished to know if
tins would not he a beautiful ulen. The Senator
fiom South Carolina, after voting fur the Missouri
compromise,could not head a convention. Heaven
would not let him. Such a mutinous, nondescript
company as he would have under him, would
never have been seen before. As for himself, he
would not go in for carrying on a war to Puget's
Sound for a visionary object.
Mr. BENTON called the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact, that the Senate had agreed to eve< y
word and every letter of the bill from the House;
but the Senate had added to it extraneous matter.
