1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 12,
We now saw the opening; of that second chapter, f{ with some northern States. It gave him pain to
which the Senator from South Carolina had spoken ! hear some of the southern men propose to yield
of, as n part of the history of the dissolution of ; this question. It was a contest for principles. He
the Union. Chapter " number two" was to open ! still hoped that some mode of compromising this
when hoth Houses had agreed to this Oregon bill, question would be resorted to. He would move,
woid for word, and letter for letter; and when the M with that view, the reference of the bill and amend-
Senate interjected in the bill a foreign question—a ;; mcnts to the Committee on Territories.
question relating altogether to another subject— Mr. WEBSTER doubted whether the bill, in
this number two was to go before the country as
a part of the history of dissolution.
He (Mr. B.) had been taunted in the debate
with having relaxed in his zeal for Oregon at one
time, ond increasing it at this time. For thirty
years he had urged the claims of Oregon, and
with equal zeal he urged them now. He reminded
the Senate of a letter which he wrote a year and a
half ago, in which he treated of the scheme formed
for keeping Oregon out of the Union.
All this talk about the dissolution of the Union
gave him no concern. He was peculiarly consti-
tuted as to the subject. His observation of public
- affairs went back to that period of our history
when Aaron Burr engaged in his enterprise of
disunion. He (Mr. B.) was a boy of sixteen,
J its present condition, could be referred.
Mr. CALHOUN said the reference would be in I
j conformity with parliamentary rule. The com- |
■ mittee might propose to retain some, and recede i
I from other amendments. ;
Mr. DAYTON said the amendments alone were (
before the Senate.
; Mr. YULEE withdrew the motionjat present.
A message was here received from the House,
| communicating their action on the Senate amend- |
, merits to the bill establishing certain post routes.
S On motion of Mr. RUSK, it was taken up.
| The message was read, and the House amend- |
; ments concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, rose and addressed ;
the Senate in reply to the Senator from Texas, i
but was an observer of events, and a reader of the n declaring that the South could not with any pro- ;
public journals. He acknowledged that he then |! pnety rely on the magnanimity of the North. He
read with mortification—and few things from the
same source had ever failed to meet with his cor-
dial approbation—he read, he said, with mortifi-
cation, the proclamation of Mr. Jefferson, in which
he denounced the project of Burr as " dangerous
to the Union." For, at that time, there was not
a neighborhood in the West in which Burr would
disclose his project. If lie had done so, the women
and children would have tied him down and sent
him to the nearest place of justice, dragged by a
dog-chain. As long as he presented mere designs
of a dazzling nature, and not concerning our own
Government, he was listened to. But when, on
the lower Mississippi, he did disclose his treason-
able objects, he was immediately obliged to fly
into the wilderness and become an outcast from
society. There, in his hiding-place—in his dis-
guise—m a creek, where the alligator has his , other House—rejected without any of that cour-
j' also took exception to the course of the Senator ,
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who-, as a southern '
man, looked forward to the day when the South i
would be saved by northern geneiostty. He would
not dwell on the incendiary publications which
had been circulated, as blood in the human body,
through every vein and artery. But this, with
numerous other acts of notoriety, might be quoted
to show the character of northern generosity. He
went into a view of the course which had been
pursued in reference to the Oregon question.
The South had only asked us to keep off legis- ,
lative action on this subject. They asked only
that the question should be submitted to the Su- j
preme Couj-t, to be decided upon in conformity ■
with the Constitution. But the compromise based 'j
; on this principle had been laid on the table by the
tesy and magnanimity of w luch the Senators from
Missouri and Texas had promised to us.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, rose, and took the
floor in continuance of the debate; and, as the
hour for the recess had nearly arrived, he moved
that the Senate go into Executive session; which
was agreed to.
place—he was accidentally encountered, at night.
by one who, before affording him relief, demanded
his name. Who are you? As soon as he gave
his name, he was taken into custody, and by a
string led into the Geotgia settlements. Bun-
having beard of the sympathy often excited in the
behalf of g *eat men struggling with adversity, ap-
pealed to sonic persons m Georgia for his rescue.
He addressed some boys as to his case, and, at
first, very naturally excited their sympathy. But
when these boys heard hi3 name, they refused to
afford him any succor. Such (said Mr. B.) will
be the end of all attempts to dissolve this Union—
to divide it by any line. He would, he said, think
that a man who might bring buck, mortar, and
trowel to dam up the mighty Mississippi, had
commenced a ftasibleand wise enterprise, in com-
parison with the project of that man who might
undertake to run a dividing line between the States
of this Union. All this talk of disunion was idle.
It was like
A. tain told by an idiot,
Kulj ot sound a:ul lury—signifying nothing."
No influence had these menaces on him. A key
dropped into the broad Atlantic would, as it had . , ■ . , , ,
been said, produce a disturbance that would be felt decision, and permit the resolution to be mid, as
in the seas of China. Just as little did this talk of'j hesh°id<l becomf>eUed w vote tor the appeal
disunion ruffle him. Thus, he said, would end
I EVENING SESSION.
' The CHAIR having announced that a resolu-
' tion offered by Mr. Maxgum could not be received—
| When the doors were reopened—
1 Mr. WESTCOTT was speaking to a question
| of order, as it appeared, m consequence of the
j objection to the reading of the resolution which
[[ was submitted by the Senator from North Caro-
hna, [Mr. Maxgum.] It was represented to him,
i that there was a conventional understanding on the
!j subject; but there was a time coming when the
,j laws of courtesy would give way to other laws.
| Mr. VV. appealed against the decision of the
Chair, and asked the yeas and nays; which were
;[ ordered.
Mr. KING hoped the Chaii would reverse its
the chapter number two
Mr. YULEE addressed the Senate at length on
the subjcct, remarking that he would gladly go i1
with the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] and '
the Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] m post-
poning this issue, if it could be done with a just ■!
repaid to the interests of the South. But such a ']
postponement would only serve as an inducement !
to the North to persist m its course of injustice to ]
the Sou;!). What was the issue provoked by this ''
bilP Was it not an assumption by the almost
unanimous vote of the North that they would not
permit ihe South to enter into any of the Territo-
ries of the Union ? Hie vote of the North was an
annunciation to the South of their fixed purpose to
deny to the South th"ir just rights, fie would be
happy it'the Senate would agree to postpone tins !
hill, with tho whole subject. The South have ■
never been able to obtain their rights from the 1
North, except by compromise. Missouri was ad- 1
mined with Mamp, and in like manner other south- !
< rn States had been admitted only in connection 1
Mr. DICKINSON said he should vote for the
appeal.
Air. NILES (in the chair) stated that when the
Senate tooK. a recess, the Senator from Georgia had
the floor, and was entitled to the floor when the
Senate resumed its session, it was not in order,
therefore, for any Senator to introduce other busi-
ness.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the decision of the Senate:"
and was decided as follows:
YE.iS—*.M> s«i>. AJk'u, Baluwiii, Benton. Bivuibi'ry,
Brei'S'j, Ciaikc, Coiwm, })a\ is <■: hu.-.-tt-. t)ix.
notice. D.iu !a?. FelWi. X?itZ5L'ial.i. Gnvn*.. Hale, Hamlin,
Htiuvloi!. Mt-k-alto, Miller, Umiuuoiu,'', Cpn.ua,
ami Walker—
NAYS — \le-Ms. Atherton. Bailor, IJenien. liutKuid,
KrtiZlit. C tlhoun. Cameron, Davis <>; Mi—i-<ippi. llic!wn?oi),
Down*, Fuote. J-.luwon oi Lou!>kui.>, Johnson o; Go:>r i;*,
Kmjr. Ji tiijrum. Plu-ips, ltusk, tcl-a-nati, Tasnev,
WeMxott, aud Yfiit-e—-2-2.
Air. ATHERTON a^ked the consent of the
Senate to permit a report to be made fiom the
Committee of Conference on the biil making appro-
priation for the army, and amendments.
Objections were made, and then withdrawn, and
the report was received and read; and
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the Senate con-
cur.
Mr. YULEE objected to a concurrence in that
pari of the report which relates to the organization
of the marine corps. He considered it a matter
of importance, and that it was his duty to explain
the facts to the Senate.
The Senator from Florida was here called to
order; consent having been given merely for the
purpose of receiving- the report.
The CHAIR decided that the report eould riot
be made a subject of discussion; the objections
being withdrawn only to permit the report to be
received.
Mr. YULEE appealed from the decision of the
Chair. He insisted that the objection to the recep-
tion of the report having been removed, the subject
of the report was properly before the Seriate.
The CHAIR repeated the reasons for its de-
cision; but in so low a tone that the purport could
not be understood.
Mr. ATHERTON insisted that the subject was
before the Senate; that the House was waiting for
the action of the Senate on the report; and that if
it was laid on the table, the appropriation bill may
be lost.
Mr. KING expressed a hope that the Senator
from Illinois would withdraw his objection, and
permit the report to be considered.
Mr. DOUGLAS explained that the objection did
not originate with him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, said he should
object to taking up this subject while another ques-
tion was under consideration. The report might
as well be laid on the table as the Oregon bill. He
knew not to what extent the discussion on the
Oregon bill was intended to be continued.
Mr. TURNEY hoped the question would le
taken on the appeal. He was opposed to the
taking up the subject of the Oregon bill until this'
report (taken up by the unanimous consent of the
Senate) was disposed of.
The CHAIR stated the ground of its decision.
Mr. BADGER thought the decision of the Chair
was not correct.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken on the appeal, viz.: "Whether
the decision of the Chair shall stand?" it was de-
cided as follows—yeas 19, yeas 29:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Clarke, Crrwin, Davis of Mas
sachusetts, DaUon, Dix, Dodge, Felcb, Fitzgerald, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin,Hannegan, MeteiUie, Miller, Spsuance, Uu-
deiwood, Upham, and Walker—29.
NAY'S—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Badger, TieM. Berrien,
Borland, Bradbury, Butter, Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi,
Dickinson, Downs, Foote, Houston, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, King. Lewis,
Mangum, Mason, Pearre, Phelps. Husk, Sebastian, Turney,
Webster, VVestcott, and Yulee—29.
So the decision of the Chair was not sustained.
Mr. YULEE resumed, and asked for the reading
of the section of the bill which constituted the
amendment. He stated, that the Committee of
Conference was not in possession of the facts when
the subject was before it, and this portion of the bill
escaped consideration. An increase of the marine
corps had been authorized last session, and a por-
tion of the increase had been employed on shore
in Mexico, and had behaved with great gallantry.
The increase authorized last session was one thou-
sand: and it was now found that the number re-
quired, according to the present nasal establish-
ment, would beabout two thousand three hundred;
while the number now authorized by the committee
made the aggregate only fifteen hundred. The
Secretary proposed to reduce the landsmen in the
proportion of the increase of the marines; and as
the landsmen received nine dollars a month, and
the marines only six dollars, it was a measure of
economy. He lauded the efficiency w ith which the
marines had performed their duty. He referred to a
letterfrom Commodore Stewart, who recommended
• amuohlargerincrease; and all the officers concurred
in the expediency of this increase. An addition is
also required to keep a sufficient number—say fifty
or a hundred should always be kept here at head-
quarters—for drill—as they could only be effectu-
al! v drilled while on shore. He requested the
reading of a letter from the Secretary of the Navy
recommending tho increase on the grounds he had
just stated; and the letter was read
Air. BENTON said he objected to the reception
of these letters. Everything relative to the subject
ought to be before the Committee of Conference.
