1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
Mr. CADGER rose to a point of order. The ■
•question on reading a paper must be taken with-
out debate.
The question was then taken, and decided in the :
affirmative—ayes 23, noes 15.
A second letter from the Secretary of the Navy i
was then read; but while the Secretary was read- ,
sn£r—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, asked how much j
more there was of it? j
Mr. BENTON said there wag a whole library ;
—a perfect history of the marine corps.
The further reading of the letter was then dis- ,
pensed with. ;
Mr. "BENTON said he had committed a great ;
blunder in permitting these marines to come into
•the army bill. He would take care that hereafter ,
they should be kept in their proper place. And he '
would take as great care that the Senator from
Florida should never again, with his consent, put j
•any item into an army bill which was not pre- !
viously authorized by Jaw. And now see how the ,
Senate was rewarded for its kindness ! The House i
had acted under a correct understanding of the ,
law. The Senator from Florida, from his manner, ,
was willing to destroy the whole bill rather than
give up his wish to keep up the marine corps with :
•all its establishment of officers. The Committee
of Conference understood the subject. He hoped j
the Senate would strike out the whole of the mat- !
ter. The generosity of the Senate had been repaid 1
by an attempt to destroy the bill. j
Mr. YULEEsaid there was no intention on his '
part to destroy the bill. Fie understood that the j
House, with a little explanation, would agree to ;
the bill. He understood from the chairman of the I
Committee on Finance, that there was a great i
probability of the passage of the amendment if
sent back tn it.
Mr. ATHERTON said he had been misunder-
stood. He had said that if the increase had only
extended to the men, and the officers had not been
all retained, it might have been so.
Mr. YULEE acquiesced in this explanation.
He contended that there was propriety in attaching
this corps to the army bill. It was the practice
in England to join them in the same bill. He
thought it would be well to send this bill and
amendment to a second committee of conference.
Mr. BADGER said no one had any desire to
destroy the bill. The same thing was said at the
last session on the last night of the session. The
Senate having introduced this measure into the
bill, it could not be presumed that xt was not in its
proper place, and the question must turn on the
intrinsic merits of the amendment. He pointed
out the injustice which would be done to many
gallant and deserving officers by the rejection of
this clause. He hoped the report would be referred
to another committee of conference.
The report of the Committee of Conference was
then agreed to.
OREGON. 1
The Senate resumed the consideration of the 1
bill to establish a Territorial Government in Ore- i,
gon. |
Mr. WEBSTER (Mr. Johnson yielding the 1
iloor) said he was not inclined to prolong this de-
bate, and he was equally disinclined to introduce >
into it any new excitement and warmth. As a
question of parliamentary proceeding, he under-
stood the House had sent to the Senate a bill con-
■cernmgOregon,no part of which had been objected
to, and no part had been stricken out. An amend- :
ment had been made, which, as the Senator from ,
Missouri had justly stated, had nothing to do with ,
Oregon. It was an amendment proper enough in J
ilMeff, but which had no bearing at all on Oregon.
The successive section says that the ordinance of
1787 shall be applicable to Oregon. The amend-
ment had been added to the bill by a majority of
the Senate. And if the majority of the Senate .
think anything can be gained by sending the bill
to a second committee of conference, it is perfectly
parliamentary for them to do so. But as he had >
voted against the amendment, it was natural that
he should vote for the easiest mode of getting rid
of it; that is, by receding. The gentleman from j
Georgia [Mr. Bekrien] had not overstated the im-
portance of this amendment. If wrong had been ;
done, it should be fairly presented to the world; ;
and if it shall not meet its approbation, we have j
only to submit quietly to the rebuke. He per- -
fectly acquiesced in the opinion, that this was a fit j;
subject to be presented to the judgment of the civ- \\
ihzed world. \\
The ordinance of 1787 refers to the existence of '•]
a particular kind of slave not known in Europe, or i:
in any civilized countries. Although slavery as i:
attached to the South exists in other countries, he !j
knew not that slaves transferable as chattels, to be 1
separated from the glebe, were to be found but in
America, and in the colonies of America. He
remembered when this was regarded as an evil
fixed on us by the mother country, and it must be
considered as an entailment. He referred to the
original introduction of slavery in the South, and
assumed that no one, as far as he could gather
from the acts and debates in Coi>gress, had con-
templated any extension of it to new territory. In
the Convention and in the fiist Congress, it was
conceded that slavery was a State institution, and
that Congress had no power over it. He was of
this opinion, and he would countenance no efforts
to produce excitement by the introduction of these
questions. j,
The framers of the Constitution never contem- |j
plated the acquisition of foreign territory. Since h
that period, new Territories have been acquired !;
by purchase or conquest. Five slave States have !
been since admitted, sending ten Senators to this ,
Chamber. But not one free State has been ad- i!
mitted. [Several voices: "Iowa."] Is Iowa ad-j,
rriitted? Her Senators are not here. That would ;i
be one to five. This fact shows that we have not j!
disfavored slavery. As already there have been Sj
live States created out of these new Territories, he jj
did'not deem it his duty to go any further. As the jj
Senator from Greor^ia desires to leave the question p
to the decision of the civilized word, and as he |
acquiesced in that course, how would it then 1
stand? The southern Senators say we deprive
them of the right to go into these newly-acquired
Territories with their property. We certainly do
not prevent them from going into these Territories
with what is in general law called property. But j|
these States have by their local laws created a jj
property in persons, and they cannot carry these |>
local laws with them. Slavery is created and ex- ;j
ists by a local law, which is limited to a certain j!
section; and it is asked that Congress shall estab- j;
lish a local law in other Territories, to enable!
southern Senators to carry their particular law ,
with them. No man can be held as a slave, ex- j;
cept the local law shall accompany him. The j
slave is held to be free until evidence shall be pre- j
Rented to prove that he is a slave. There is a ;
belief prevailing, that slave labor and free labor I
cannot exist together. He had a letter of Mr. j
Mason, in which it is stated that slave labor will j
expel free labor. This was not a universal rule, j
as there was useful free labor in parts of Virginia ;
and Tennessee. ;
He was not willing to extend the area of slavery, ,
or to increase the slave representation in the other 1
House. He thought enough had been yielded ■
when twenty representatives from slave estates, ,
elected by three-fifths, were in the House of Rep- j
resentatives. When the Constitution was adopt- j
ed, no one looked for any accession of new States, i
Looking to the new circumstances—the acquisition j
of so much new territory—he thought it his duty j
to take-his stand, and to say that he would never :
vote to extend the area of slavery. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, then resumed his :
remarks, and continued until a late hour.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, followed, and
spoke for near an hour; when—• ,
Mr. HOUSTON rose and addressed the Senate
at very considerable length, chiefly in reply to 1
Mr. Johnson, of Georgia, and others, in the
course of his remarks he paid a beautiful compli-
ment, to Mr. Clay, declaring that he deserved to
have a statue erected in the rotundo for his stand •
in relation to the Missouri compromise.
At this point of his speech there was an invol-
untaiy burst of feeling from the galleries and lobby,
both of which were densely crowded, that could not
be suppressed.
Mr. KING rose to express his astonishment at
such proceedings. Long as he had been connected
with Congress, he had never, in the course ot his
political life, witnessed such a scene. Had the j
United States Senate become a theatie, wherein the I
speakers were to be applauded or hissed r He i
trusted he might never again witness such conduct* j
He gave notice if there were any more such exhi- \
bitions, he should feel compelled to have the galle-
ries cleared.
Mr. DICKINSON hoped no further notice would
be taken of it, as it was evidently one of those in-
voluntary bursts of feeling which, however much
they were to be condemned, could not at all
times be suppressed. He was convinced there
would be no more of it, and hoped the Senator
from Texas would proceed.
Mr. MASON said, if there were any repetitions
of that character, if no other Senator moved to
clear the galleries, he would do so himself. Mr*
M. manifested some warmth.
Mr. PHELPS rose, and, turning towards Mr.
King, remarked, the Senator from Alabama says
that he never witnessed such a scene in this Capi-
tol before; if that Senator has not, I have: and
was about to proceed, when the Chair requested
the Senator from Texas to proceed.
Mr, HOUSTON then concluded his remarks.
Mr. TURNEY moved that the Senate adjourn,
and desired to have the hour Entered on the Jour-
nal. (It was then past midnight.]
On this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and the result was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Borland, Butler, Cal-
houn, Davis of Mississippi, Downs Haimpea.ii, Johnson of
Man land, King, Lewis, Manguin, Mason, Ru.vk, Sebastian,
Tuinej , Wesieott, and YuIpc—IS.
XAYS—Alien, Atherton, Badcf-r, Baldwin, Bell,
Bemon, Bradbury, Breese, Brisrbt, C'laike, C'onvin, Davis
ot iM«t sacliu&otts, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix,Dodge.Douglas
Fclch, Fitzgeiaid, Greene, Hale, H.vmiin, Houston, Johnson
ot* liOirisiana, Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Sprua-neo,
Underwood, Upham, and Walker—32.
Mr. BUTLER desired to make a motion, ami
moved that the Senate galleries be cleared in order
to go into Executive session.
There was some time spent in discussing; points
of order, in which Messrs. BERRIEN, BEN-
TON, BREESE, HALE, DAVIS of Massachu-
setts, and others paiticipated.
Mr. BELL spoke at some length as to what
might appear the object of such a motion at that
particular juncture.
[The scene was more than usually exciting at
one time.]
The CHAIR ruled the motion of Mr. Butler
out of order, from which an appeal was taken; and
the result was, that the Cxiair was sustained, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atheiton. Badsrer. Bald-
win. Boll. Benton, Bmland. Bradbury, lire,-sc. nii?lii,CI.irlit,
Uorwin, Davis ot"Massachusetts, Davis of M-s<is«ippi, D.iy-
ton, Dickinson, Dix, Dodse, Douglas, Feich, Fitzarrald,
Gieone, Hale, Hamlm, Houston. Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson ol Cpoi cm. MeUvi'le, Milici,
Xiles, Rusk, Spruance, Upha-ii. and Waikei—35.
jjaYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Downs, Foote, Hamiecmi,
King, Lewis, Mangum, Mason, Turney, Weatcult, and
Yuiea—11.
'Mr. BADGER then addressed the Senate in
favnrofa committee of conference being appointed.
Mr. METCALFE spoke at great length, insist-
ing that a committee of conference between the
two Houses might be able to accommodate the
| matter satisfactorily.
; Mr. FOOTE spoke for near half an hour, en-
1 deavonng to get Mr. BENTON to withdraw his
motion to recede.
; Mr. BENTON playfully observed that lie always
had an objection to retreating. One ot'his earliest
recollections was the old Roman maxim, >w,t
retrahil pedem; and, if the object of the gentleman's
■ speech was to induce him to diaw liack Ins foot,
he might have saved himself the trouble.
Mr^ FOOTE again rose to speak.
Mr. WALKER made a point of or<hr. The
i rule said that no Senator could speak more than
' twice on any one subject; wheieas the gentleman
; from Mississippi had spoken some halt dozen
j times at least. ,
1 [Several voices: "Oh, let the gentleman proceeo;
we will listen to him with the greatest pleasure.'"]
• Mr FOOTE then went on very coolly, decla-
ring his ability to speak two entire days and n ights
without any very great inconvenience to himself.
' The debate was continued until after nine o'clock,
,, a. m., Sunday, and was closed in a speech by Mr.
i FOOTE. '
; The question being put upon the motion ot Mr.
BENTON, to recede from all the amendments, a
I division of the question was called for, and it was
j ordered that the question be taken sepaiateiy on
each amendment.
Upon the question to recede from tne first amend-
ment, giving the veto power to the Governor, the
