1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 12,
yeas and nays were ordered, and it was determined
as follows: :
YE4.3—Mevsr-i. Allen, Atherton, Baldwin, Bel!, Benton, '
Bradbury, Bwoe, Bright, Omwron, Cl.irke. Corwin. Dav/s
of Maf.-ftchu.-cit-', D.tyion, Dickinson, Dix. JT>odger Don Ja*,
Foleh, Fitzgerald. Greene, I?al*\ Hamlin, ffou-tnn, Johnson
of Maryland, Miller, Ntles, Phelps, Spruance, Upham, ■■
Walker, and Webster—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Berrjen, Borland, Bhl- •
Jer, Calhoun, Davis of Mis-is.-ippi, Downs, Foote, Hunfr, ;
John.-on of Louisiana, John-on of Georgia, Lewis, Mangum, ;
Mason. Metcalfe, Pearce, Ru>k, Sebastian, Turney, Under- j
wood, We?tcfit, and YuJee—23. * I
Upon the question to recede from the second 1
amendment, relating: to the same subject, it was i
determined in the affirmative without a division. 1
Upon the question to recede from the third
amendment, being the section extending the line
of the Missouri compromise to the Pacific Ocean,
the yeas and nays were ordered, and it was deter-
mined in the affirmative, as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Baldwin, Benton, Biadbury, 1
Bree>e, Bright, Cameron, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Ma-ssi- 1
chu«etts, DaUon, iJickin-on, Dix, Dofae, Dougla*. Felch, ;
Fitzgerald, Girene, Hale, Hamlin, Hannejranj Houston,
Miller. Ndes, t'befps, Spruance, Upham, Walker, and Web-
stei—*79.
N \ YS— Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien. Borland,
Butler, Calhoun, Davis of Mr—h-sippi, Dnwii^, Foote, Hun-
ter. Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Johnson '
of Georgia, Levvi^, Mangum, Mason, Metcalfe, Pearee. R<i=k,
Sebastian, Turney, Underwood, Westcott, and Yulee—25.
[Mr. Atherton was present but did not vote,
having, as it is understood, paired off with Mr.
Kjntg, who had been compelled to leave from ex-
haustion. Messrs. Clayton and Sturgeon were
also absent, the former being still detained at home
by the indisposition of a member of his family.]
The remaining amendments were separately re-
ceded from without a division, and the bill stands
passed in the precise form in which it came from
the House of Representatives, and is as follows:
AN ACT to establish the Territorial Government
of Oregon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent- I
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, all that part of the territory of the United Suites
which lies west of the summit of the Rocky Moun-
tains, north of the forty-second degree of north lat-
itude, known as the Territory of O.egon, shall be
organhed into and constitute a temporary govern-
ment by the name of the Territory of Oregon: Pto-
vided, That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed to impair the rights of person or pi op-
erty now pertaining to the Indians in said Terri-
tory, so long as such rights shall remain unextin-
guished by treaty between the United States and
such Indians, or to affect the authority of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to make any regula-
tion respecting such Indians, their lands, property, 1
or other rights, by treaty, law, or otherwise, which
it would have been competent to the Government
to make if this act had never passed. «.2nd pro-
vided also, That the title to the land, not exceeding
six hundred and forty acres, now occupied as mis-
sionary stations among the Indian tribes m stud •
Territory, together with the improvements thereon,
be confirmed and established in the several religious
societies to which said missionary stations respect-
ively. oelong: And provided farther, That nothing
in this act contained, shall be construed to inhibit
the Government of the United States from dividing
said Territory into two or more Territories, in such
manner and at such times as Congress shall deem ;
convenient and proper, or from attaching anv por-
tion of said Territory to any other State or Terri-
tory of the United States. j
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the exec-
utive power and authonty in and over said Terri-
tory of Oregon shall be vested in a Governor, who
shall hold his office for four years, and until his
successor shall be appointed and qualified, unless
sooner removed by the President of the United
States. The Governor shall reside within said
Territory, shall be commander-in-chief of the mili-
tia theieof, shall perform the duties and receive the ,
emoluments of Superintendent of Indian Afftuis;
he may grant pardons and respites for olfenccs
against the laws of said Territory, and reprieves for
offences against the laws of the United States until
the decision of the President can be made known
thereon; he shall commission all officers who shall
be appointed to office under the laws of the said
Territory, where, by law, such commissions shall
be required, and shall take care that the laws be
faithfully executed.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be a Secretary of said Territory, who shall reside
therein, and hold his office for five years, unless
sooner removed by the President of the United
States; he shall record and preserve all the laws
and proceedings of the Legislative Assembly here-
inafter constituted,and alltheactsand proceedings
of the Governor in his executive department; he
shall transmit one copy of the laws and journals
of the Legislative Assembly within thirty days
after the end of each session, and one copy of the
executive proceedings, and official correspondence,
semi-annually, on the first days of January and
July, in each year, to the President of the United
States, and two copies of the laws to the President
of the Senate and to the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, for the use of Congress. And in
case of the death, removal, resignation, or absence
of the Governor from the Territory, the Secretary
shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required
to execute and perform all the powers and duties
of the Governor during such vacancy or absence,
or until another Governor shall be duly appointed
and qualified to fill such vacancy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the le-
gislative power and authority of said Territory ,
shall be vested in a Legislative Assembly. The ;
Legislative Assembly shall consist of a Council
and House of Representatives. The Council shall
consist of nine members, having the qualifications
of voters as hereinafter prescribed, whose term of
service shall continue three years. Immediately
after they shall be assembled in consequence of the
first elect ion, they shall be divided as equally as may ;
be into three classes. The seats of the members
of Council of the first class shall be vacated at the
expiration of the first year; of the second class at
the expiration of the second year; and of the third
class at the expiration of the third year; so that (
one-third may be chosen every year; and if vacan-
cies happen by resignation or otherwise, the same <
shall be filled at the next ensuing election. The
House of Representatives shall, at its first session,
consist of eighteen members, possessing the same 1
•qualifications as prescribed for members of the ,
Council, and whose tc-rm of service shall continue
one yea>  The number of representatives may be
increased by the Legislative Assembly from time
to time, in proportion to the increase of qualified
voters: Provided, That the whole number shall
never exceed thirty. An apportionment shall be ,
made as nearly equal as practicable, among the *
several counties or districts, for the election of the .
Council and Representatives, ghingto each section ;
of the Territory representation in the ratio of its
qualified voters, as nearly as may be. And the ;
members of the Council and of the House of Rep- '
resentatives shall reside in and be inhabitants of;
the district, or county, or counties, for which they ,
may be elected respectively. Previous to the first ,
election, the Governor shall causeacensus orenu- .
meration of the inhabitants and qualified voters
of the several counties and districts of the Terri-
tory to be taken by such persons, and in such ;
mode, as the Governor shall designate and appoint; ;
and the persons so appointed shall receive a rea- :
sonable compensation therefor; and the first election
shall be held at such time and places, and be con- ,
ducted in such manner, both as to the persons who \
shall superintend such election, and the returns j
thereof, as the Governor shall appoint and direct; I
and he shall at the same time declare the number of
members of the Council and House of Representa- ;
tives to which each of the counties or districts shall j
be entitled under this act; and the Governor shall,
by his proclamation, give at least sixty days pre-
vious notice of such apportionment, and of the
time, places, and manner of holding such election.
The persons having the highest number of legal
votes in each of said council districts for members
of the Council shall be declared by the Governor
to be duly elected to the Council; and the persons
having the highest number of legal votes for the
House of Representatives shall be declared by the
Governor to be duly elected members of"said
House: Provided, That in case two or more per-
sons voted for shall have an equal number of
votes, and in case a vacancy shall otherwise occur
in either branch of the Legislative Assembly, the
Governor shall order a new election, and the per-
sons thus elected to the Legislative Assembly shall
meet at such place, and on such day, within ninety
days after such elections as the Governor shall
! appoint; but thereafter, the time, place, and man-
ner of holding and conducting all elections by the
people, and the apportioning the representation in
the several counties or districts to the Council and
House of Representatives, according to the num-
ber of qualified voters, shall be prescribed by law,
as well as the day of the commencement of the
regular sessions of the Legislative Assembly: Pro-
vided, That no session in any one year shall ex-
ceed the term of sixty days, except the first session*
which shall not be prokmged beyond one hundred
days. *
Sec. 5. And be it further enacleds That every
white male inhabitant above the age of twenty-one
years, who shall have been a resident of said Ter-
ritory at the time of the passage of this act, and
shall possess the qualifications hereinafter pre-
scribed, shall be entitled to vote at the first election,
and shall be eligible to any office within the said
Territory: but the qualifications of voters., and of
holding office at all subsequent elections, shall be
such as shall be prescribed by the Legislative As-
sembly: Provided, That the right of suffrage and
of holding office shall be exercised only by citizens
of the United States above the age of twenty-one
years, and those above that age who shalV have-
declared on oath their intention to become such*
and shall have taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the provision®
of this act: And provided further, That no officer,
soldier, seaman, or marine, or other person in the
army or navy of the United States, or attached to>
troops in the service of the United States, shall be
allowed to vote in said Territory, by reason of
being on service therein, unless said Territory is
and has been for the period of six months, his per-
manent dornicil: Provided further, That no person:
belonging to the army or navy of the United States
shall ever be elected to, or hold arry civil office or
appointment in said Territory.
Sec. 6. And be it further enactedr That the fegis-
lative power of the Territory shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation, not inconsistent
with the Constitution and laws of the United
States; but no law shall be passed interfering with
the primary disposal of the soil; no tax shall be
imposed upon the property of the United States; nor
shall the lands or other property of non-residents
be taxed higher than the lands or other property
of residents. All the laws passed by the Legisla-
tive Assembly shall be submitted to the Congress
of the United States, and if disapproved, shall be
null and of no effect; Provided, That nothing in
this act shall be construed to give power to incor-
porate a bank, or any institution with banking
powers, or to borrow money in the name of the
Territory, or to pledge the faith of the people of
the same for any loan whatever, either directly or
indirectlv. No charter granting any privilege of
making, issuing, or putting into circulation any
notes or bills in the likeness of bank-notes, or any
bonds, scrip, drafts, bills of exchange, or obliga-
tions, or granting any other banking powers or
privileges, shall be passed by the Legislative As-
sembly: nor shall the establishment of aoy branch
or agency of any ?uch corporation, derived from
other authority, be allowed in said Territory; nor
shall said Legislative Assembly authorize the issue
of any obligation, scrip, or evidence of debt by
said Territory, in any mode or manner whatever,
except certificates for services to said Territory;
and all such laws, or any law or laws, inconsistent
with the provisions of this act, shall be utterly
null and void; and all taxes shall be equal and uni-
form, and no distinction shall be made in the
assessments between different kinds of property,
but the assessments shall be according to the value
thereof. To avoid improper influences which n*ay
result from intermixing in one and the same act
such things as have no proper relation to each
other, every law shall embrace but one object, and
that shall be expressed in the title.
Sec. 7, And he it further enacted, That all town-
ship, district, and county officers, not herein other-
wise provided for, shall be appointed or elected m
such manner as shall be provided by the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That no mem-
ber of the Legislative Assembly shall hold, or be
appointed to any office which shall have been
created, oi the salary or emoluments of which
shall have been increased, while he was a member,
during the term for which he was elected, and for
one year after the expiration of such term; but
' this restriction shall not be applicable to members
