1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug. 14,
mined in the courts established by authority of the
provisional government of Oregon, within the lim-
its of said Territory, when this act shall take .
effect, shall be transferred to be heard, tried, pros- ,
ecuted,and determined in the district courts hereby
established, which may include the counties or !
districts where any such proceedings may be pend- |
ing. AH bonds, recognizances, and obligations of I
every kind whatsoever, valid under the existing !
laws within the limits of said Territory, shall be !
valid under this act; and aii crimes and misde- i
meanors against the laws in force withm said limits •
may be prosecuted, tried, and punished in the
courts established by this act; and all penalties, }
forfeitures, action4?, and causes of action, may be j
recovered under this act, in like manner as they ;
would have been under the laws m force withm '
the limits composing said Territory at the time ;
this act shall go into operation: Provided* That the I
laws, penalties, arid forfeitures, and punishments |
by this section required to be enforced by the •
courts provided for by this act, shall not be incon- >!
sistent with the Constitution of the United States:
And provided further, That no right of action what- |]
ever shall accrue against any person for any act ''
done in pursuance of any law heretofore passed by
the temporary government, and which may be de- j
clared contrary to the Constitution of the United i,
States. l!
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That all jus- !!
ticesofthe peace, constables, sheriffs, and all other ,j
judicial and ministerial officers who shall be m \\
office within the limits of said Territory when this |!
act shall take effect, shall be, and they are hereby, -
authorized and required to continue to exercise \\
and perform the duties of their respective offices} !
as officers of the Territory of Oregon, until they, j
or others, .shall be duly elected or appointed and !
qualified to fill their places, in the manner herein !
directed, or until their offices shall be abolish- i
ed.
Sec. 19. And he it further enacted, That the sum i
of five thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, i
appropriated, out of any moneys in the treasury ,
not otherwise appropriated, to be expended, by 1
and under the direction of the said Governor of the
Territory of Oregon, m the purchase of a library, •
to be kept at the seat of government, for the use j
of the Governor, Legislative Assembly, Judges of ;
the Supreme Court, Secretary, Marshal, and Attar- I
ney of said Territory, and such other persons, and !
under such legulatiuns, as shall be prescribed by ;
law. I
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That when j
the lands in said Territory shall be surveyed, under j
the direction of the Government of the United !
States, preparatory to bringing the same into mar- '
ket, sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six, in \
each township in said Territory, shall be, and the !
same are hereby, reserved for the purpose of being •
applied to schools in said Territory, and in the 1
States and Territories hereafter to be erected out j
of the same.
Sec. 21. And be U further enactcd, That, until
otherwise provided for by law, the Governor of
said Tenitory may define the judicial districts of
said Territory, and assign the judges who may '
be appointed for said Territory to the several dis- !
tricts, and also appoint the times and places for ;
holding courts in the several counties or subdivisions
in each of said judicial districts, by proclamation,
to be issued by him; but the Legislative Assembly,
at their first or any subsequent, session, may organ-
ize, alter, or modify such judicial districts, and
assign the Judges, and alter the times and places
of holding the courts, as to them shall seem proper
and convenient.
Sac. 22. And be it further enacted) That all offi-
' cers to be appointed by the President, by and with 1
the advice and consent of the Senate, for the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, who, by vii tue of the provisions |
of any law now existing:, or which may be enacted 1
during the present Congress, are required to give
security for moneys that may be intruded with j
them for disbursement, shall give such security at
such time and place, and in such manner, as the :
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. ■
Sec. 23. And be it further enactcd, That all the 1
ports, harbors, shores, and waters of the main land
of the Territory aforesaid, shall constitute a col-
lection district, to be called the district of Oiegon;
and a port of entry shall be established at Astoria,
"Hear the mouth of the Columbia river, and a col- ;
* lector of customs shall be appointed by the Presi- i
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to reside at such port of entry.
Sec. 24. And be it further enact erf, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to establish such ports of delivery in
the district created by this act, not exceeding two
in number, one of which shall be located on Pu-
get's Sound, as he may deem expedient, and may
appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, Surveyors to reside thereat.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted. That the col-
lector of said district shall be allowed a compensa-
tion of one thousand dollars per annum, and the
fees allowed by law; and the compensation of any
surveyor appointed in pursuance of this act shall
not exceed five hundred dollars per annum, inclu-
ding in said sum the fees allowed by law; and the
amount collected by any of said surveyors, for
fees, in any one year, exceeding the sum of five
hundred dollars, shall be accounted for and paid
into the treasury of the United States.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That the rev-
enue laws of the United States be, and are hereby,
extended over the Territory of Oregon.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted* That the sum
of fifteeen thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be expend-
ed under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, for the construction of light-houses at
Cape Disappointment and New Dunginess; and
for the construction and anchoring of the requisite
number of buoys, to indicate the channels at the
mouth of the Columbia river, and the approaches
to the harbor of Astoria, 'the said buoys to be
placed and anchored under the direction of such
person as the Secretary of the Treasury shall ap-
point.
Mr. MILLER submitted a resolution that (the
House concurring) the 17th joint rule be suspend-
ed, m order that the bill may be presented to the
President of the United States on the last day of
the session.
Mr. YULEE objected to the consideration of
the resolution, and it lies over.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON*, the bill from
the House for the relief of Richard Reynolds was
taken up for consideration and passed; and at a few
minutes before ten o'clock, a. m.,after an exciting
session of twenty-four hours, the Senate adjourned
until Monday morning, at nine o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 14, 1848.
The readmgof the Journal of Saturday was com-
menced, when, on motion of Mr. C. J. INGER-
SOLL, its further reading was dispensed with.
OREGON TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined the bill to establish a Territorial Government
for Oregon, and found it coirectly enrolled.
He moved to suspend the seventeenth joint rule,
which forbids bills being presented to the President
on the last day of the session, so as to permit the
Oregon bill and all other bills which had passed
or might pass to be sent to the President; and on
that motion he demanded the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. RHETT demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion to ad-
journ was not in order. The two Houses, by a
joint resolution, had fixed twelve o'clock to-day as
the time for the adjournment sine die. By the
Constitution of the united States, neither House,
without the consent of the other, could adjourn for
more than three days, if the motion to adjourn
were received and agreed to, the House would stand
adjourned until the first Monday in December.
The motion was not, therefore, in order.
After some conversation on pomts of order
between Mr. BAYLY, Mr. RHETT, and the
SPEAKER—
' Mr. RHETT moved a call of the House, and
; demanded tellers on the motion.
! Tellers were refused, and the motion was re-
: jected.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded.
Mr. RHETT demanded the yeas and nays on
the main question. Rejected.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kentucky, rose to a privi-
leged question.
The SPEAKER said there was no privileged
question which would override the question pend-
ing.
The main question was then ordered, and the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. McCLELLAND moved to reconsider the
vote, and, at his instance, the motion was laid on
the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
of Conference on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill chan-
ging the time of holding the United States courts
for the western district of Virginia, and for other
purposes, made a report; which was read.
The question being on concurring in said report—
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said he was a mem-
ber of the Committee of Conference on this bill,
and he was opposed to the report, and he pro-
tested against its adoption. He therefore moved
to lay it on the table; which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was laid on the table, arid also
moved to lay that motion on the table. Agreed
to.
Mr. HALL, oP New York, moved to suspend
the rules to enable him to report, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, a resolution authorizing
the Clerk to procure from the proprietor, W.
Hickey, and furnish to each of the members of the
House, forty copies of the third edition of the Con-
stitution and Analysis, &c., to be distributed to
public libraries, colleges, &c., and to such public
officers and other persons as they may deem expe-
dient.
The motion was lost, two-thirds not voting in
the affirmative.
Mr. BOYD moved the usual resolution to ap-
point a committee of three members to wait on the
President and to inform him that the House, hav-
ing completed its business, was ready to adjourn
■sine die at twelve o'clock, if he had no communica-
tion to make to it.
The resolution was agreed to,and Messrs. Boyd,
Vinton, and Collamer, were appointed said com-
mittee.
Mr. HUNT moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to report, from the Committee on Com-
merce, the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inquire
and ascertain the cost of perfecting a title to suitable sites for
marine hospital? a* Buffalo, Oswego, Apalachicola, and at
the Delaware Breakwater; und that he report the s-ame, with
plans and estimates for such hospitals, at the next session of
Congress;.
Mr. HUNT also asked leave to make a report
from the Committee on Commerce, asking to be
discharged from the consideration of certain papers.
[Objections, and great confusion.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired if
the committees could not hand in such papers as
they had not acted on to the Clerk, without asking
the leave of the House ?
Mr. HUNT repeated his request that the Com-
mittee on Commerce be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of certain papers which they had
not acted on. Agreed to, (as the reporter under-
stood.)
Mr. H. also asked leave to make a report from
the same committee.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, objected, and gave no-
tice that he should object to receiving any reports
from any committee.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, was under-
stood to ask that the Committee on Indian Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration of per-,
tain papers. Before any action was taken on this
request—
Mr. VINTON rose to a privileged question, and
moved to reconsider the vote appointing a com-
mittee to wait on the President of the United States
and inform him that the two Houses had finished
their business. That was not the case. The army
bill had not yet been sent to the President. If he
sent back a message informing them, in answer to
this resolution, that he had no further communica-
tion to make to Congress, the House would stand
adjourned immediately.
After some conversation, Mr. VINTON, on dis-
covering that he had misapprehended the purport
of the resolution, withdrew his motion to recon-
sider.
