1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aug.
14,
The PRESIDING OFFICER answered that it
was.
Mr. CALHOUN then proceeded to affirm that
the course pursued by the Senator from Tennes-
see was no violation of propriety, and he called
upon the Senator from Massachusetts to point out
the words uttered by the Senator from Tennessee
which were out of order.
Mr. WEBSTER replied, that if he were to
enter into a debate on that point, the object of the
gentleman opposite would be accomplished, in
which he did not propose to aid them. He had
no desire to go into any metaphysical views,
aware, as he was, that if he were to engage with
the Senator from South Carolina in a contest of
that character, he should be involved in a maze
from which there would be little probability of
extrication before the hour of adjournment would
terminate the session.
Mr. TURNEY said, the object was to gag him;
and he desired to know if there was any rule to
limit debate at the close of the session which did
not exist at its beginning? If there was, he begged
to he referred to it.
Mr. FOOTE said, he was very much surprised
to hear such language fall from the hps of the
Senator from Massachusetts. That Senator had
brought a very serious charge against Senators
who were as respectable as himself. He had
charged them with some improper purpose in dis-
cussing this resolution^ he had undertaken to say
that, if he rose in his place to answer the question
of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] the purpose of Senators would be as fully
accomplished as if this discussion were permuted
to go on. Now, what was that at which the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts darkly hinted? Did the
Senator suppose, or had any one declared, that it
was the intention of any Senator on this floor thus
to defeat this bill ? Did not the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts know that such an accusation was made
against another Senator from Massachusetts by the |
public press at the close of the last session; and did 1
it become the courtesy of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Webster] either directly or indi-
rectly to make such a charge against others? He
had the Senator in his eye, [Mr. Dams, of Mas-
sachusetts,] against whom a similar accusation
was made by the newspaper press; but he (Mr.
F.) did not believe that that accusation had any
foundation in truth; but he would tell the Senator
that the course of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Webster] to-day would tend to confirm the
suspicion which was said to exist a year ago, for
it would seem to show that in New England they
were familiar with such trickery, or that such an
imputation would not have suggested itself to the
imagination of a New England man. He did not
believe that the accusation was true.
The PRESIDENT interposed, and called the
Senator from Mississippi to order.
Mr. POOTE had only to say, that if he had
been misled by the example of the Senator from ,
Massachusetts, he should not persist in being; out
of order, though he should claim at all times the
same privileges that were enjoyed by other Sen-
atois. :
The Clerk of the House of Representatives
here appeared below the bar, and deln ered to the
Senate a joint resolution for the suspension of the !
37th joint rule of the two Houses, to permit all
bills heretofore passed, or to be this day passed, to
be sent to the President, in which he was directed
to ask the concuirence of the Senate. [This reso- ,
iution w as the same in its terms as that under con-
sideiation.]
Measra. BERRIEN, JOHNSON of Georgia,
and JOHNSON of Maryland, having each made
suggestions—
Air. TURKEY said he would relieve the Sen-
ate. He had not five words more to say. It was
not his purpose when he rose to enter into a long
dis-cusston. His object was to enter his protest,
and then to vote against the resolution, first as-
signing briefly the reasons by which he \\as ac-
tuated'. He should vote against suspending the
rules.
Mr. WEBSTER said heunderstood the Senator
from Tennessee to say that he was through. lie
bribed to say, and with all respect for the Senator
from Tennessee, that he had had no desire to em-
buirays that Senator.
Mr. TURNEY wished, nevertheless, to have a (
vote on the point of order. t
! Mr. RUSK said he believed he had opposed this |
1 Oregon bill with as much firmness as any Senator, j
and with as little noise. He had discharged his '
duty to the best of his ability to his country and :
, his State; and now if this bill goes to the Exec- !
utive, he must discharge his duty. He (Mr. R.) j
, had done all he could. He had been anxious to s
. dispose of it without sitting on Saturday night, \
and particularly without encroaching upon the :
i day of rest, but it appears that that could not be ;
avoided. The bill was passed, and, according to (
the course which had heretofore been pursued in j
1 the Senate, when a majority, a clearly ascertained s
majority, had agreed upon a measure, it was !
proper that he should yield, that they might have .
the opportunity of passing it, and assuming to :
God and their country the responsibility of the act. •
Mr. WEBSTER intimated that he understood \
' the Chair had decided the point which he iaised,
and he should therefore make no further effort. .
Mr. TURNEY asked if he was to understand
that he was in order.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER was understood
to answer in the affirmative. ;
Mr. RUSK then continued. He said, the ma-
jority had assumed the responsibility, and "there- .
fore all that the minority could do, except what •
they could do indirectly, was now done. And ■
there was another important matter to which he
would advert. There were about thirty bills in the
1 situation of the Oregon bill, many of them bills for -
the relief of those who were suffering in poverty :
and want, to whom just debts were owing by the
Government of the United States. One of those ,
bills, (and it was one of great importance,) was '<
I the army appropriation bill. He had seen the
| Secretary of War but a few minutes ago, and was
informed by that gentleman that it was impossible
; for htm to proceed, for any length of time, unless
i the army appropriation bill should be passed. If ,
■ this bill should not be passed, what would be the j
j consequence? Their officers and soldiers would l
be left Without a dollar. He was aware the coun- !
try was in circumstances of great agitation, and in
a state of highly excited feelings. He regretted
to see it. It svas a matter of very sincere regret
to him. But he appealed to those Senators who
had been opposed to the passage of the Oregon
bill to cease all further opposition, and to permit it
to pass. Amongst those Senators to whom he
appealed, weie gentlemen who had long served
their country, and who, when they died, would
leave a name behind which well might be envied
by the rising generation. For the passage of this
j bill they were not responsible, for they had resist-
1 ed manfully and persevenngly. He asked them,
| therefore, now to yield, and not attempt indirectly
: to defeat a measure which they had not the power
' to defeat directly; but let the majority take the re-
' sponsibility of the act, of which posterity would
1 form its judgment.
Mr. KING wished to say, that perhaps there
was no one in the Senate more opposed to certain
! provisions of the bill which had been passed than
he was. He thought it contained piovisions that
were not only unnecessary, but calculated to vio- ;
i late the rights of his section of the Union. When :
the bill was under consideration, he had been \ery
j desirous to see it amended; and when it came back
' with the amendment of the Senate lejected by the
' other House, he proposed that the Senate should
insist on its amendment, that they might avail
' themselves of the proposition of the Senator from
1 Illinois, and appoint a committee of conference.
! The proposition to recede having the preteience,
he had not been able to accomplish that object.
The majority had decided the question, and on
them let the responsibility rest. The bill was now
only waiting the action of the President to become
the law of the land. They had done their duty to ,
themselves and to the country, as far as was prac-
ticable, JBut the majority of the Senate and of the ,
other House had spoken: they had determined that
the bill should pass in us present form. He was
now for leaving the coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment (the Executive) to do us duty, and act on
this bill when it should be presented to him. He
(Mr. K.) was not now prepared to take ground on
mere technical objections to defeat it. He had
never spen any good result from such a course. ,
He was decidedly of opinion that no good could
result from it. He therefore appealed to his friends
; —to those with whom he had acted, and who
; could not be more opposed to the bill m its present \
shape than he was—to let the rules be suspended,
that this and the other bills might go to the Presi-
dent; and let the President act upon them as his
judgment might direct. He trusted that course
would be pursued. It would comport better with
the dignity of the Senate, with their standing in the
country, and with public sentiment, than by per-
sisting in opposing this resolution. He knew there
was a great diversity of sentiment respecting this
matter. He knew some gentlemen thought the
President could not, at this late period, give it a
proper examination. If not, let the President
hold it over, if he thought proper to do so; but if
he was ready to act, let him act. If he was not
ready; let him take the time which the Constitu-
tion allowed. He (Mr. K.) again appealed to
those with whom he acted to withdraw their op-
position, and let this resolution pass.
Mr. CALHOUN said, if there was any respon-
sibility, it was on the majority, and not on the
minority- By the rules of the Senate, the Oregon
bill was lost, and the majority well knew that.
They felt conscious of the fact, and therefore they
had added all the other bills to it in this resolution;
and thereby they had assumed the responsibility
of all the consequences. The existing rule on their
Journal was a convincing proof that the Senate was
of opinion that it was improper to send bills to the
President on the last day of a session, as he could
not sign thern off-hand. There might be great
constitutional questions involved, requiring great
consideration, and the Constitution allows fiim ten
days to decide upon bills. But they proposed to
send this bill to him on the last day of the session;
and if there ever was a bill that ought not to be
pressed on the President to decide instanter, this
was one. How long had it been before them?
Some five or six weeks; and they had even vio-
lated the day of rest, which was not regarded as
a legal day; and yet they would send it to the
President one hour and a half before the adjourn-
ment of Congress. That was all the time they
proposed to allow him. He understsod what was
the great point of contest between parties in that
House. The opposite party wanted to have the
absolute, despotic control over the Territories.
They knew there was not such an example to be
found in all the legislation of this country. They
all knew that the Missouri compromise would not
have passed, but that the North were anxious to
protect themselves by the adoption of the line of
36° 30'. And how was it on the admission of
Texas ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, suggested to the
Senator from South Carolina to make a motion.
Mr. CALHOUN said fhe would. After some
other observations, he said this was the first time
the Wilmot proviso had ever been attempted to be
earned into effect. He concluded by moving to
strike out from the resolution all that part of it
which relates to the Oregon bill, and on that mo-
tion he called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MILLER said there -was nothing about the
Oregon bill in it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, then suggested
to the Senator from South Carohua to except the
Oregon bill by name.
Mr. CALHOUN said he would do so.
The Secretary lead the resolution, and it ap-
peared that the Senator from New Jersey was mis-
taken, the Oregon bill being named m it.
Mr. BENTON moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and that the Senate take up the resolu-
tion from the House on the same subject, which
was received a few minutes ago. Agreed to.
The lesoluuon from the House was then taken
u?>. It proposed, in general terms, to suspend the
17th joint rule to permit all bills passed and to be
passed this day to be sent to the President.
Air. CALHOUN moved to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the words ''except the Oregon bill."
Mr." JOHNSON, of Maryland, suggested an
amendment to the same effect, but m more precise
terms.
Mr. CALHOUN was understood to accept that
amendment as a modification of his own, and to
call for the yeas and nays thereon.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted
thus: *
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Berrien, Borland, llttthr, Calhoun,
Pd.\i  oi Mississippi. Dcwjis-, Fooxe. Hunter. Joi.r.xm of
M<.r>tand, Jwhtisou oi Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia,
I.puw, Mangum, Mason. Rusk, Sebastian, Turney, WVji-
eott, and Yuloe—*2t>.
XAYtf—Messrs. Alien, .UcbUun, Atherion, Batijjer, Bald
