1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
An act for the relief of William Hogan, admin-
istrator of Michael Hogan, deceased.
An act for the relief of Richard Reynolds.
An act for the relief of William Pittman. j
An act to establish certain poit routes. |
An act making- appropriations for the support of j
the army for the year ending 30th June, 1849.
An act in relation to military land warrants. I
An act for the relief of William Tnplett J
An act for the relief of Frederic Durrive. j
An act for the relief of John P. B. Gratiot and ;
the legal tepresentatives of Henry Gratiot. '
An act to establish the Territorial Government
of Oregon. !
An act for the relief of Phineas Capen, legal 1
administrator of John Cox, deceased, of Boston.
An act for the relief of Mary Brown, widow of
Jacob Brown.
An act making an appropriation to supply, in
part, a deficiency in the appropriations for sub-
sistence in kind of the army and volunteers during
the year ending the 30th June, 1848.
An act relating to the collection district of New
Orleans, and for other purposes.
An act for the relief of William Culver.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Brown, deceased.
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to grant a register to the bark Sarah and Eliza.
An act making further provision for surviving
widows of soldiers of the Revolution.
An act for the benefit of Mrs. Harriet Barney.
An act for the relief of Russell Goss.
An act for the relief of E. G. Smith.
An act for the relief of Bent, St. Vrain & Co.
An act for the relief of J. Throckmorton.
An act for the relief of John Anderson.
An act fur the relief of Alborne Allen.
An act for the relief of the legal heirs of John
Snyder, deceased.
An act for the relief of Thomas Scott, register
of the land office aL Chilicothe, Ohio, for services
connected with the duties of his office.
An act for the relief of Barclay & Livingston,
and Smith, Thurgar & Company.
An act for the relief of Amzy Judd.
An act giving further time for satisfying claims
for bounty lands, and for other purposes.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Matthew
Stewart.
An act for the relief of William Ralston.
An act for the relief of Joseph and Lindley Ward.
An act for the relief of John Mitchell.
An act for the relief of Silas Waterman.
An act to extend the time for locating Virginia
military land warrants, and returning surveys there-
on to the General Land Office.
An net to amend an act entitled " An act to re-
organize the General Land Office," approved July
4,°183G.
An act for the relief of Bennett M. Dell.
An act for the relief of John Manley.
An act for the relief of Sarah Stokes, widow of
John Stokes.
An act to authorize a loan not to exceed the sum
of sixteen millions of dollars.
An act for the relief of the Red River railroad
company.
An act making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending the 30th
June, 1849.
An act making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending the 30th June, 1849.
An act for the relief of Stalker & Hill.
An act to reestablish the collection district of
Brunswick, m the State of Georgia.
An act for the benefit of Benjamin White.
An act for the relief of Joseph Perry, a Choc-
taw Indian, or his assigns.
An act for the relief of Jonathan Moore, of the
State of Massachusetts. '
An act for the relief of Robert Ellis, of the State
of Michigan.
An act for the relief of Catharine Fulton, of
Washington county, Pennsylvania.
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1S48.
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes lor lie year ending June 30th, 1849,
and for other puipose*.
An act to confirm the boundary line between
Missouri and Arkansas.
An act authorizing a term of the United States
circuit and district courts at Chicago, Illinois.
An act making appropriations for certain fortifi-
cations of the United States for the year ending
the 30th June, 1849.
An act for the relief of Elijah H. Willis.
An act to authorize the issue of a register to the
barque Wilhamet.
An act to change the location of certain light-
houses and buoys.
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to license yachts, and for other purposes.
An act in explanation of an act entitled " An act
to appropriate the proceeds of the public lands and
to grant preemption rights."
An act to amend the act to provide for the trans-
portation of the mail between the United States and
foreign countries, and for other purposes.
An act to amend an act entitled " An act in
amendment of the acts respecting the judicial
system of the United States."
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of William McKenzie, late a seaman on board the
United States ship Vincennes. ;
An act for the relief of the heirs and widow of j
Francois Gramillion. I
An act for the relief of Jonathan Ft tz water. j
An act for the relief of Samuel Cony. j
An act for the relief of William P. Brady. i
An act for the relief of William T. Holland. ;
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th June, 1849. !
An act grantingthe franking privilege to Louisa
; Catharine Adams. ]
An act to change the name of the steamboat .
Charles Downing to the Calhoun.
| An act to amend an act approved the 24th of
; May, 1824, entitled " An act supplementary to an
i act approved on the 3d day of March, 1819, enti-
! tied 4 An act providing for the correction of errors
in making entries of land at the land offices.' "
An act for the relief of Charles Cappel.
An act to provide for the ventilation of passen-
ger vessels, and for other purposes.
An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th day of June, 1849, and for other
purposes. '
An act for the relief of Adna Hickman, wife of
Alexander D. Peck.
An act to change the name of Photius Kavasales
to Photius Fisk.
|l An act to incorporate the Washington Gas-light
;j Company.
!' An act supplemental to "An act to confirm the
| survey and location of claims for lands in the State
of Mississippi, east of Pearl river, and south of the
;i thirty-first decree of north lattitude," approved
;! March 3, 1845.
'! An act to change the place of holding the dis-
'! trict court of the United States for the middle dis-
j! trict of Alabama, and for other purposes.
An act to attach a portion of the northwestern
land distiict in Louisiana to the district north of
Red river, Louisiana.
An act for the relief of Francis M. Holton.
An act to make Ship Island, in the collection dis-
trict of Pearl river, a port of delivery, and to au-
thorize the appointment of a deputy collector for
said port.
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending the
30th June, 1849.
An act for the admission of the State of Wiscon-
sin into the Union.
An act for the relief of those preemption claim-
ants upon the Miami lands, in Indiana, who, by
their services in the Mexican war, are entitled to
bounty lands.
> An act to refund a penalty remitted by the Secre-
j tary of the Treasury to John Hardorp.
! An act in addition to the act therein mentioned,
[relating to the Wabash and Eiie Canal lands.]
An act to continue, alter, and amend the charter
of the city of Washington.
An act to amend the act entitled "An act sup-
plemental to an act entitled * An act providing for
the prosecution of the existing war between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico, and
for other purposes.' "
An act for the relief of Catharine Hoffman.
An act to refund money for expenses incurred,
subsistence or transportation furnished for the use
of volunteers, during the present war, before being
mustered and received into the service of the Uni-
ted States.
An act for the relief of John Farnham.
An act to regulate the exchange of certain docu-
ments and other publications of Congress.
An act for the relief of certain Tennessee volun-
teers.
An act to annex the town of Essex, in the State
of Massachusetts, to the collection district of Glou-
cester.
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the brig Incarnacion.
An act to amend the act entitled " An act to ap-
propriate the proceeds of the sales of the public
lairds, and to grant preemption rights," approved
September 4, 1841.
An act giving the consent of the Government of
the United States to the State of Texas to extend
her eastern boundary so as to include within her
limits one-half of the Sabine pass, Sabine lake,
and Sabine river, as far north as the thirty-second
degree of north latitude.
An act to prevent the importation of adulterated
and spurious drugs and mcdicmcs.
An act to authorize the issuing a register to the
schooner James.
An act concerning the taking of official oaths in
the District of Columbia.
An act to surrender to the State of Indiana the
Cumberland road in said State.
An act for the relief of certain surviving widows
of officers and soldiers of the revolutionary army.
An act to authorize the issuing a register to the
barque Mary Theresa.
An act to authorize the State of Alabama to ap-
ply certain lands heretofore granted to that State
j for internal improvements, for the use of schools, in
: the valueless i6th sections in said State.
1 JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
I Joint resolution extending the time for the erec-
tion of certain light-houses.
Joint resolution expressive of the thanks of Con-
gress to Major General Winfreld Scott, and the
troops under his command, for their distinguished
gallantry and good conduct in the campaign of
1847.
Joint resolution of thanks to Major Gen. Taylor.
Joint resolution providing for payment of the
| regiment of Texas mounted troops, called into the
i service of the United States under the requisition
j of Colonel Curtis, in the year 1847, and for other
i purposes.
t Joint resolution relative to the evidence which
! shall be considered satisfactory in applications for
: bounty land. -
i Joint resolution relative to evidence in applica-
tions for pensions.
j Joint resolution in relation to the transportation
j and discharge of the military forces of the United
! States at the close of the war with Mexico.
! Joint resolution disposing of two brass field-
' pieces captured at the battle of Bennington, in 1777.
i Joint resolution to change the location of a light-
' house on Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan.
| Joint resolution relinquishing to the State of
j Missouri ccrtain trophies of Doniphan's victorious
i expedition.
; Joint resolution concerning certain portions of
! the marine and ordnance corps.
' Joint resolution of thanks to-the officers, sailors,
and marines of the United States navy.
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
1 State to furnish the clerk of the several district
, and circuit courts of the United States with copies
of Little and Brown's edition of the Laws of the
■' United States.
; Resolution tendering the congiatulations of the
: American to the French people.
Resolution to sanction an agreement made be-
tween the Wyandots and the Dclawares, for the
purchase of certain lands by the former of the
latter tribe of Indians.
Resolution authorizing the presentation to the
Government of France of a series of the standard
weights and measures of the United States, and
for other purposes.
Resolution to explain an act passed 24th June,
1848, entitled "An act for the relief of W. I).
Slaughter, late Secretary of the Territory of Wis-
consin."
: Resolution in relation to the naval pension of
John McGarr.
