
10 o'clock this morning; found anchored seven gunboats (wooden), five of the larger size, and two tugs with one gun each; also two monitors and two schooners. He thinks from their general appearance, &amp;c., that they are awaiting re-enforcements. The boats are hugging the Claremont shore. I send this report, thinking that perhaps you had received no recent intelligence from that quarter.

I will continue to watch the boats.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. ROBERTSON,

Major, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin's Farm, July 13, 1863 - 5 a. m.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Elzey, for his information.

My cavalry vedettes are stationed on the James as low as the mouth of the Chickahominy. There is no sign of the enemy's landing on this (north) bank of the river. If he makes any such attempt or indication of it, I shall be promptly infromed, and such intelligence will be forwarded without delay to the major-general commanding. The various dispatches sent during the night were answered by mine dated 11 p. m. last night, a duplicate copy of which was sent to General Ransom, in accordance with his request.

Respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, July 12, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY:

Telegram just received from Lieutenant D. C. Cannon.

Two monitors, eight gunboats, and several transports near Brandon. Will send particulars as received.

S. S. LEE,

Captain, C. S. Navy.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, July 12, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY:

Your dispatch received. I got the information about the gunboats last night from Mr. Mallory, and sent it on to General Wise and Colonel [J. M.] Maury, Chaffin's Bluff. Tried to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy this morning by our signal corps, but the weather is too hazy to read the signal flags below in long distances.

Perhaps you might hear by telegraph from Petersburg if they are in sight from City Point.

S. S. LEE,

Captain, C. S. Navy.

PETERSBURG, July 12, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

SIR: The enemy are landing in force at Lower Brandon. They have two iron-clads, four wooden gunboats, and five transports

