
crowded with troops; supposed strength, 5, 000. They are landing in small boats; also going up Lower Point Creek. They have one monitor. They commenced landing before midnight. I have only about 300 troops, exclusive of militia, for the defense of Petersburg.

E. B. MONTAGUE,

Colonel, Commanding.

RICHMOND, July 12, 1863.

General [R.] RANSOM, Jr., Williams' House:

I have just learned that General Hill left this morning, and you are in command. Information fully confirmed of landing of troops at Brandon last night about 1 o'clock. Have you taken measures, and what, to meet this advance? Prompt measures are necessary.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, July 12, 1863.

Commandant, Petersburg, Va.:

Urge the mayor to call out the citizens, and, as far as practicable, organize and arm them for local defense. Lend all the influence and assistance to the effort that you can.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

JULY 13, 1863 - 4. 15 p. m.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: As arranged this afternoon, I wish you to place your cavalry in position before night, so as to relieve the infantry along the whole extent of their lines when they retire, and take the place of their sharpshooters when withdrawn. They will be withdrawn about 12 o'clock to-night. Direct your men to be very vigilant and bold, and not let the enemy discover that our lines have been vacated. At daylight withdraw your skirmishers, and retire with all your force to cross the river. Have officers stationed at the fords, so as to direct your men immediately upon arrival, and make every arrangement to get your command over in safety. The cavalry that occupies Longstreet's line might cross at the bridge if the officer in light. The rest had better cross at the ford, I think, but you may take any course that you may think best. I know it to be a difficult, as well as delicate, operation to cover this army and then withdraw your command with safety, but I rely upon your good judgment, energy, and boldness to accomplish it, and trust you may be as successful as you have been on former occasions. After crossing, continue to cover the rear of army with part of your force, and with the rest move forward to our front, where you will receive further orders.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

