
You were kind enough to say that I would be sent with the first troops, and I trust that this request to be sent as soon as a brigade can be spared from the defense of Richmond, may meet the views of the authorities. I have spoken to my present immediate commander, Major-General Ransom, on the subject, and he expressed a desire to forward my wishes.

I have my baggage arranged, and can start upon the shortest notice. I will remark that my brigade is the only one in this command separated from its old division.

I am, general, with highest regards, your obedient servant,

M. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement]
HDQRS. DEPT. N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERS VIRGINIA,Richmond, July 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, with the remark that when the War Department shall determine to send re-enforcements from my department to General Lee, I respectfully and cordially indorse this application.

General Jenkins' brigade is first-rate condition, and if any selection is to be made, it is but fair, as he is senior, and formerly belonged to Pickett's division, that he be sent to the Army of Northern Virginia.

R. RANSOM, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,July 15, 1863.

General COOPER:

Respectfully forwarded. I fully concur in General Ransom's indorsement.

General Jenkins has a fine brigade, and in excellent order, and whenever it shall be determined by the War Department that the interests of the service will bear a reduction of the force in this department, and to send a portion of it to the Army of Northern Virginia, I beg General Jenkins' wish may be gratified.

Very respectfully,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

[JULY 14, 1863.]

General BEAUREGARD:

Enemy reported advancing on the Sound road. Until I ascertain the character of the advance, I cannot detach another of Colquitt's regiments. I hear that Ransom is ordered here, in which case I can, I hope, send you all of Colquitt's. Lieutenant General D. H. Hill ordered west. I take command of Department of North Carolina. Shall not be surprised if I have to command in Richmond, but shall be very sorry. Enemy reported 4, 000. I hardly believe it, but will know in the morning

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General

