
DUBLIN, july 15, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, secretary of War:

The enemy in superior force compelled Colonel McCausland to abandon his position near Raleigh Court-House last night. He is now falling back toward Mercer Court-House, followed by the enemy; can probably check him at Flat Top Mountain. If they are moving to reach this railroad, the troops just sent from this department are urgently needed back here. One battery is now on the railroad between here and Lynchburg, en route to Warreton. i am here under orders to Winchester; have not heard from you in reply to my telegrams of the 11th, 12th, and 14th instant, and am anxious to hear. Under the alarming condition of things in my front, shall I remain in this department or go on to Winchester? Please answer this last inquiry, if possible, to-night.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUNTERSVILLE LINE,Camp near Huntersville, July 15, 1863.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Since writing the dispatch of this morning, I have received a dispatch from Captain J. W. Marshall, giving the information of the scouts in Randolph to which I referred. I apprehend now, as I did this morning, no immediate raid; but it is not improbable that such a thing will be attempted, from the character of General Averell, now commanding in Northwestern Virginia, and the fact that all the infantry there is being mounted. You will perceive that the force in Beverly has been increased, from the report of these scouts; others have gone in and will report. I shall be very vigilant, and, if an advance is made, will make the best fight I can. I shall (if nothing occurs) forward the detachment of Dunn`s battalion to Lewisburg to-morrow morning, To enable me to be in communication with headquarters and the force at Lewisburg, I now establish from this command a daily courier line to Lewisburg, which will be in operation, unless the major-general commanding directs otherwise. I still ask for the battery. Give me the pieces, if not the men, and I will men them. If the major-general commanding will give me Edgar`s battalion, I will not only fill that up to a regiment, but also present the second regiment. I do not desire this, however, if Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar objects. The courier line is on the Anthony Creek route to Lewisburg, and cannot well be interrupted. All letters and dipatches for this command can be forwarded by these couriers.

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel, Comdg. Nineteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS HUNTERSVILLE LINE,Camp near Huntersville, July 15, 1863.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW, Assistant adjutant-General:

I inclose copy of dispatch from Major J. K. Kesler, commanding cavalry at Clover Lick. I have scouts in Randolph County who have not reported. I do not credit the rumor, but have taken steps to obtain reliable information, and will then dispatch to the major-

64 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

