
send a brigade to Stafford, with a battery, to protect approaches from Berea Church. I was in error in my understanding of General Hooker's order.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

------------

PLEASONTON'S HEADQUARTERS, June 14, 1863.

(Received, War Department, 6. 05 p. m.)

SECRETARY OF WAR and General HOOKER:

A negro just in states that he left Gaines' Cross-Roads last night, and the enemy's column passed there for Harper's Ferry on Friday morning [12th]. Expected to reach Harper's Ferry by Saturday night. States that Lee was in command; that the whole army was in the column. Saw Ewell in his carriage; also Longstreet and Early. The column was two days passing Gaines' Cross-Roads. Few troops were left at Fredericksburg, and few, excepting cavalry, At Culpeper, as a blind. The whole army was destined for Harper's Ferry, and thence across into Maryland. I believe this man's report. General Reynolds is here.

A. PLEASONTON.

------------

JUNE 14, 1863-4 p. m.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

General Hooker directs me to say that he has been informed that the tents of your hospitals at Potomac Creek or vicinity are left standing. He directs that every one of these tents and all the public property must be sent to Aquia Landing, to be shipped. If your medical director is here, he must return and attend to it; if there, telegraph him orders. The tents, &amp;c., must be taken down, if the surgeons have to pack them on their own horses.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------

DUMFRIES, June 14, 1863-4. 15 p. m.

General WARREN,

Aquia:

A shameful waste and abandonment of property, entirely unnecessary and uncalled for, may possibly occur if vigorous measures are not taken to prevent it. All the hospital tents and property at Potomac Creek and vicinity should be brought away. Two divisions of troops, Sixth Corps, are still in Potomac Bottom. Stir up the surgeons and everybody, and say the general will hold them responsible. There is

plenty of time Perhaps you had better send a regiment up there.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------
HEADQUARTERS WARRENTON JUNCTION,June 14, 1863.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

General Howard marched this morning for Centreville from Catlett's. General Doubleday marched form Bealeton about 10 a. m. ;

