
general commanding. The enemy in the northwest are mounting all their infantry, under command of General Averell, late of Stoneman`s division. He has the reputation of being a dashing officer, and a raid may be attempted. I shall detain for the present the detachment now here of the Thirty-seventh Virginia Battalion Cavalry, under command of Major J. R. Claiborne. At his request, I have allowed Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Dunn, who is under arrest, to proceed to Lewisburg, where he is to remain until the major-general commanding prescribes other limits.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON

[Inclosure.]

CLOVER LICK, July 14, 1863.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON:

COLONEL: A man by the name of Brierdy, who lives near Beverly, came in to our pickets at Big Springs this evening, and reports that the enemy have been re-enforced to 6, 000 since last Friday, and that they expected to move this evening. What shall I do? It was reported yesterday that a scouting party came to the top of the Valley Mountain, within 4 miles of our pickets.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. K. KESLER,

Major, Commanding.

DREWRY`S BLUFF, July 15, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY, Richmond:

The following dispatch just received from Major Robertson by courier:

Pickets report enemys advance toward Wilcox's Wharf. The number of vessels, size, and armament are correctly reported by Lieutenant Harkey. Will continue to send dispatches as the intentions of the enemy develop themselves. i shall charge them if they land, if not too near their gunboats.

J. R. ROBERTSON,

Major, Commanding.

Will continue to forward dispatches as I receive them.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

DREWRY`S BLUFF, July 15, 1863.

Major-General RANSOM, Richmond:

I am requested by General Wise to inform you that there is not one word of truth in the report that the enemy are advancing on the Peninsula. If the enemy land or advance, we will be informed long in advance of any information that can be given by the signal corps.

J. M. MAURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

BOTTOM`S BRIDGE, July 15, 1863.

Major-General RANSOM, Jr.:

GENERAL: My pickets are at New Kent Court-House, Morris Church, and Karnes, on the Disacund road. This line extends across

