
the Peninsula, between the Pamunkey and Chickahominy Rivers, 30 miles below Richmond. The roads leading in the direction of Williamsburg are scouted down near to Williamsburg. The enemy`s pickets are just this side of Williamsburg, where they have been for more than a year. It has always been found impracticable to scout below Williamsburg, the geography of the country and the advantages of the line occupied by the enemy preventing it. There is no doubt, from the information I have been able to obtain, that the enemy went from my front to Yorktown.

I have pickets at the White House, at New Castle, and piping Tree; ferries on the Pamunkey and at the Old Church, and a scout between the Pamunkey and Mattapony rivers, from King William Court-House to West Point.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. P. SHINGLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Bunker Hill, July 16, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON.

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR:

I have received the communication sent me by your brother, Major [John] Seddon, and shall endeavor to carry out your views. He will inform you of the arrival of the army at this point; it is a little foot-sore, and in much need of shoes for men and horses; otherwise well. I expect a supply of shoes of both kinds to-day, which will afford some relief, but not enough. Clothing is also required. The labors of the march have been increased by the constant rains,

muddy roads, &amp;c.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 16, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN,

Commanding Northwestern Virginia Brigade:

GENERAL: From the reports I have received of your progress, I am in hopes you will reach Staunton to-day. Dispose of your prisoners as soon as possible, and return to Winchester. Your services are much needed here now to operate against your old enemy, who has advanced from the west along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and relaid the track as far as Cherry Run. Colonel Imboden with his cavalry will be sent to ascertain the position and force of the enemy so as to determine what your movements should be when you reach Winchester. Collect all your a valuable men, leaving only the feeble to guard the Shenandoah Mountain, and have your horses shod, and every preparation made for active operations. Also inform me about the time you will reach Strasburg, that I may send you information and instructions there, if necessary.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

