
be able to get our piece to the bridge I think it extremely doubtful if we would be able to bring it out, if pursued. I think therefore general, under all the circumstances, that it is better to send the artillery back. The road from this turnpike is also impracticable (by reason of the blockade) to Bowyer`s Ferry, and hence we cannot make a demonstration in that direction with the piece.

With the hope that this arrangement will meet your approval, I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. M. CORNS,

Colonel, Commanding Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

RICHMOND, July 16, 1863.

Major General W. H. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

You have committed an error in sending any portion of Colquitt`s brigade to Charleston. My dispatches informed you that this brigade was sent you to replace Clingman`s, and it could very illy be spared from here for that purpose. Have you received my dispatch of the 14th, placing you in command of the department?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CAMP OF NICHOLLS` BRIGADE,

July 16, 1863.

Major W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR:

We, the commanding officers of Nicholls` brigade, whose names are hereunto attached, respectfully ask the consideration of the commanding general to the following application:

That some disposition be made of the brigade that will be consistent with the good of the service, and at the same time will enable the commanding officers to recruit, either by enlistment or apprehension of deserters and other absentees from the brigade, to such numbers as will make the ranks more efficient in active service and more valuable to the Government.

We think that the attention of the commanding general to the inclosed report, giving the number of officers and men, will readily point out to him the necessity of either effecting the consolidation point out to him the necessity of either effecting the consolidation of the brigade and making some disposition of the officers, or of ordering the brigade to some point where its small numbers will be ordering the brigade to some point where its small numbers will be valuable to the Government, and, at the same time, where a number of officers (such as may be chosen on account of efficiency and energy) from the large surplus present may be sent to recruit by new enlistments and taking up absentees. By pursuing the latter suggestion-that is, by ordering the brigade to a suitable point-we feel assured that our commands could, by accessions of this kind, be increased to quite twice their present number. It is the wish and desire of every Louisianian now in this army, both for their own and the honor of their unfortunate State, to maintain intact the present organization; but it must be apparent to one acquainted with the status and condition of officers and men for duty that it is not an efficient organization, nor can ever be, until its numbers have

