
been augmented. In view of these facts, we desire that immediate consideration be given to the application, and that such action as may be deemed best by the commanding general will at once be taken. We respectfully suggest, in consequence of our total inability to obtain recruits under the conscription law, that an application of this kind comes with more plausibility from Louisiana troops than from the troops of any State in which the conscript law has been more generally enforced. In making the application, we do not desire to present, as a plea for its favorable consideration, the services that it has been the honor of the command to render the Government, but To present it as an application that we think should be granted in justice to the officers and men and for the good of the service.

Very respectfully &amp;c.,

D. ZABLE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Louisiana.

THOS. N. POWELL,

Major, Commanding Tenth Louisiana Regiment.

A. BRADY,

Major, Commanding Fifteenth Louisiana Regiment.

JAMES NELLIGAN,

Major, Commanding First Louisiana Regiment.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS NICHOLS` BRIGADE,July 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. Approve the application for recruits:

disapprove being placed on garrison or any other duty that would take them from the field.

J. M. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON`S DIVISION,July 21, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, disapproved. It is deemed inexpedient at the present time to reduce the number of troops for active field service.

E. JOHNSON,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 23, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, and disapproved.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 27, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. I cannot now recommend that any portion of this army be detached. I request that recruits be sent forward to the regiments of this brigade, and would gladly render any assistance in my power toward filling its reduced ranks.

R. E. LEE,

General.

