
To headquarters of chief of artillery and staff, including personal staff, guartermaster, commissary of subsistence, and medical staff, two 4-horse wagons; to each corps chief of artillery and staff, including quartermaster, commissary of subsistence, and surgeon, one 2-horse wagon; to headquarters each artillery battalion, one 4-horse wagon; to company officers each artillery battalion, one 4-horse wagon.

To every 300 men, one 4-horse wagon for transportation and cooking utensils.

To each battery, two 4-horse wagons, for forage and commissary supplies.

No unauthorized vehicles will be permitted to accompany the army or remain within its limits.

All baggage not enumerated above will be turned over to the chief quartermaster of the army.

Corps, divisions, and brigade commanders will see that this order is properly executed.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 175 July 16, 1863.

IV. Brigadier General Alfred Iverson, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty with this army, and will report to the Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va., for orders. *

By order of General lee;

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 17, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I regret to announce the death of General J. J. Pettigraw, commanding the north Carolina brigade of Heth`s division, General A. P. Hill`s corps.

He was wounded by a pistol-shot in the attack of the enemy`s cavalry on our rear guard in crossing the Potomac on the Morning of the 14th instant.

The army has lost a brave soldier and the Confederacy an accomplished officer. The senior colonel of the brigade, a good soldier, Colonel C. Leventhorpe, was wounded at the battle of Gettysburg, and is absent, I do not know how long he will be detained from duty.

Colonel T. C. Singeltary, the next officer in rank, is absent with his regiment at Hanover Junction. I have no other officer whom I can put in command of the brigade. I therefore wish very much to get his regiment with the brigade, if he can possibly be relieved. I request, if practicable, that some other troops be sent to guard that point, and this regiment be ordered to join me.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

---------------

*Revoked July 19.

---------------

