
NARROWS, July 17, 1863.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW, Dublin:

Just from Colonel McCausland's command. The enemy's advance guard, one regiment of infantry and a portion of cavalry, attacked picket on Fayetteville road. Our skirmishers kept them in check until the main body, consisting of four regiments of infantry, ten pieces of artillery, and one regiment of cavalry, under command of Brigadier-General Scammon, arrived. Skirmishers retreated to our lines. A force of 1, 200 mounted infantry came upon the left from Coal River, and, combining with the advanced guard of main body, carried the ford at Spangle's Mill. Colonel McCausland retired, and arrived at Princeton to-day, and awaits the general's orders.

WILLIAM T. HART.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, July 17, 1863.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary General of Subsistence,

C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: There is a very large quantity of salt at the salt-works, and I am informed that it is accumulating daily. Much of it belongs to the Government.

I cannot doubt that the enemy will soon attempt a raid on a large scale on those works. As a precautionary measure, I earnestly urge that the salt be taken away, and distributed along the line of the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

DREWRY'S BLUFF, July 17, 1863.

(Received July 18.)

Major-General ELZEY, Richmond:

The following dispatch has been received from Colonel [Major] Robertson:

My scouts from Haxall's farm report that at 8 a. m. two monitors and one ironclad gunboat with four transports moved up the river from Harrison's Landing; three transports were lying off Haxall's wharf at 10 a. m., and one schooner at the wharf; 4 or 5 men were landed at the wharf; few were seen on board. The monitors and iron-clad went up the Appomattox River before 8 o'clock; soon returned, and steamed up the James River.

J. R. ROBERTSON,

Major.

JAMES H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PETERSBURG, July 17, 1863.

Major General R. RANSOM, Jr.:

Two transports, two monitors, and three gunboats are above here, below Turkey Island Bend. They landed on the Richmond side of the river, but cannot tell the number, as one monitor moved right

