
men to meet this raid. If the enemy should turn off and go toward the salt-works, the troops can return there in the cars.

Answer.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, July 18, 1863.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Princeton, Va.:

The enemy, 1, 300 strong, are advancing on Wytheville. Were some miles this side of Jeffersonville this morning.

If the enemy is not pushing you in front, take your own regiment, a section of artillery, and three companies of cavalry, move through Rocky Gap, and interpose between the enemy has moved to Wytheville, push on in their rear, and if you meet them or come up with them, fight them as long as possible.

Send Colonel [B. H.] Jones with his regiment and with the remainder of the artillery and cavalry to the Narrows.

Colonel Jones will keep his cavalry well to the rear, to watch the enemy. He will halt it at the Narrows, and hold that place at all hazard. Must not leave it at all. Lose not a moment in carrying out these orders.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

JULY 18, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin Depot:

General Lee with his army having recrossed the Potomac, there is less need for your presence in the Valley. Consult in preference the defense of your department, while threatened with either invasion or serious raids.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, July 18, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

The information from the front not yet sufficiently reliable to enable me to judge if serious invasion is threatened. Raids on a large scale will, I am sure, be made to strike this railroad, and I have no troops on it. Some are much needed. I expect to hear more fully from Colonel McCausland and General Echols to-day, and if there is no indication of an advance of the enemy, I shall start to-morrow morning for Winchester. That I understand to be the wish of the President. Am I correct? Please answer to-day.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

