HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 20, 1863.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Unless I get information before morning different from what I now have, General A. P. Hill's corps will march to-morrow for Millwood, and the next day continue its march to Rappahannock County.

General Ewell will remain for a day or two longer, until we can get off our sick, wounded, &amp;c.

I will leave General Sam. Jones' troops and Imboden in the Valley.

The Maryland troops I will take out with the army.

you must dispose your cavalry to the best advantage, and as soon as you find that the enemy's forces have sufficiently -, with draw your cavalry, or such portions from, time to time as may be spared, cross the Blue Ridge, and interpose it between the enemy and this army, fronting toward Washington.

You must notify General Sam. Jones, or the officer commanding his troops (now Colonel Wharton), and also General Imboden.

You must keep me advised of your movements, and also of the movements of the enemy, so far as you can ascertain them. I will march with General A. P. Hill's column.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 20, 1863.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Unless I receive contrary information to what I now possess, General A. P. Hill's corps will move in the morning for Rappahannock County.

General Stuart has been directed with his cavalry to continue in the Valley until he finds the forces of the enemy sufficiently reduced; then to withdraw, and interpose his forces between the enemy and the portion of the army east of the Blue Ridge. He will notify you of all movements of the enemy of any importance.

I have directed General Imboden to return to Winchester with his troops from Staunton.

Colonel Imboden with his cavalry will remain with you until you leave the Valley, and you must give directions to all the other troops.

I think it probable that you will be required to follow me in a few days, so be prepared with provisions, &c., to move at short notice.

I have directed Colonel Wharton, who commands such troops from General Sam. Jones as have arrived, to occupy Winchester and to receive your instructions.

Should you not require Colonel [James B.] Terrill (now in Winchester, belonging to Early's division), I suggest that he be directed to move to Front Royal, to guard the pontoon bridge, which I will leave there for you.

I suggest that you move higher up the Valley, in the direction of Berryville or Milwood, so as to be prepared to vacate the Valley if

