
an attack on Mobile, and it is certainly not improbable, unless General E. K. smith can keep them occupied in Lower Louisiana.

Yesterday it was reported that the enemy`s cavalry were moving on the railroad to Wilmington, from the direction of Greenville, and Spear`s cavalry is said to be again about Suffolk. The gunboats have gone lower down the river. / General Dix and General Keyes are reported to have gone to new York; Foster to be in command at Fort Monroe.

With cordial regards, I am, very respectfully, yours.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Hollingsworth`s Mills, near Winchester, July 21, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding, &amp; c., Dublin, Va.:

GENERAL: I am ignorant whether circumstances will permit you to repair to the Valley in person or not, or whether any more of your troops are destined for operations here.

Beling obliged to withdraw the army east of the Blue Ridge to meet the enemy in that quarter, I have left Colonel Wharton`s command here for the present. Should you arrive, I desire you to take command of the Valley district. I have also left General Imgoden with his command in the Valley, who, unless you come, will be the senior officer present.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,One mile South of Winchester, July 21, 1863.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON,

Commanding Brigade, & c.:

COLONEL: The movement of the enemy east of the Blue Ridge obliges me to march this army across the mountains to meet him.

General ewell and his corps will probably be in Winchester or its vicinity to-morrow evening, to follow the route of the army the next day.

I have directed the removal of all the sick and wounded that can bear transportation from Winchester and its vicinity to Harrisonburg and Staunton, and am led to believe that it will be accomplished by to-morrow evening. Still, some unforeseen delay may occur, and I wish you would go to Winchester to-morrow, and remain there until the arrival of General Ewell, and ascertain in consultation with him whether the presence of your troops in that place for a few days would be necessary or advantageous.

I intend to leave General Imboden`s troops in the Valley, and have written to him to hasten down from Staunton as soon as practicable.

Colonel Imboden with his cavalry is now in the vicinity of bunker Hiull.

Should the enemy wish to repossess himself of Winchester, a small force there would be unavailing. Not knowing whether any additional troops of General Sam. Jones` command have joined you,

