
or whether General Jones himself is coming to the Valley, I leave it discretionary with you, after consultation with General Ewell, to occupy Winchester with your forces, or to retire to strasburg, or some point higher up, to guard the Upper Valley, until the movements of General Sam. Jones are ascertained.

I shall write to General Imboden to take command in the Valley until the arrival of General Jones.

Colonel Imboden will be directed by General Ewell to report to you until the arrival of General Imboden.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, HOLLINGSWORTH`S MILLS,One mile south of Winchester, July 21, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN,

Stauton, Va.:

GENERAL: I am obliged to withdraw the army east of the Blue Ridge. A portion of General Sam. Jones` troops, under Colonel Wharton, have reached the Valley, but General Jones himself has not arrived, and circumstances may prevent his coming altogether. In his absence, I desire you to take command of the Valley District, and so dispose of your troops as to operate to the best advantage, covering from the depredations of the enemy, giving protection of the inhabitants, and damaging the enemy all in your power.

The forces of Generals Mulligan, Kelley, and Averell were said to be in the neighborhood off Cherry Run and Back Creek, and General Ewell with his corps moved down last evening to attack them this morning, but they escaped from him during the night.

It has been reported by scouts that all the troops have been withdrawn from Northwestern Virginia, leaving only a small guard at Grafton and New Creek, the rest being in the vicinity of Cherry Run. If this is true, this is a fine opportunity of damaging the road and destroying the workshops at Piedmont, which I hope you will take advantage of.

I desire Colonel Wharton to remain in command of all of General Jones` troops that are here or may arrive, until the arrival of General Jones himself.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

DUBLIN, July 21, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE S. PATTON,

Pack`s Ferry:

The enemy when last heard from were in Taxewell, closely pursued. To create a diversion in their favor, Scammon may move troops toward the Narrows or even threaten you. Keep your scouts out, and communicate any information you may obtain.

By order:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

