
DUBLIN, July 21, [1863].

Colonel W. L. JACKSON, Commanding, &amp; c.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your last dispatch.

As the movements of General Lee may now render it a matter of moment for him to be informed of the condition of things in your front, you will communicate to him anything that may transpire likely, m in your judgment, to prove important. Keep your scouts out well to the front, and procure all the information you can in regard to the purposes of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, July 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General RANSOM, Petersburg, Va.:

Telegram just received from General Martin, through Captain Truman, at Weldon, that 400 yankee cavalry, with four pieces of artillery, advanced from Swift Creek on the road to Greenville.

They may strike the Weldon and Wilmington Railroad at Weldon or Rocky Mount. Send immediately a regiment of your brigade, to operate as circumstances may require, for the protection of the railroad, as indicated above. *

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, July 22, 1863.

General R. E. LEE.

Commanding, &c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The President has ordered me to remain for the present in this department.

When I received orders to go to Winchester with a part of my command, I received Colonel Wharton, with about 1, 100 infantry and two field batteries, to that place. Other troops were ordered there, but I countermanded the order because of certain movements of the enemy in my front.

Colonel Wharton is probably now at Winchester with the greater part of his command. One of the regiments of his brigade, the Fiftieth Virginia, has been for some time with your army. He has commanded a brigade for about eighteen months, and I am anxious that he shall continue to command it. I have, therefore, to ask that you will return the Fiftieth Regiment to him.

I have great confidence in his fitness to command, and doubt if you have a better bridge commander in your army.

I need the brigade in this department very much, but in consideration of the pressure that seems to be upon you, I shall for the present forbear calling for it.

With great respect and esteem, general, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Ransom`s report of July 21, Part II, p. 975.

---------------

