
intend making raids under spear, but whether up this side of the James River or toward Weldon he is unable to say. The scouts will keep you posted. Major Milligan is very sick.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. FORBES,

Lieutenant, Independent Signal Corps.
HEADQUARTERS,wilmington, July 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have made several applications for increase of force, especially cavalry, along this line. Doubtless they cannot be spared, or the request would have been granted. I have information to-day from various sources of the advance of strong bodies of the enemy from Plymouth, Winton, and Washington, all apparently making toward Weldon. With the present organization of this department, Petersburg, Only 60 miles from Weldon, being beyond my control, and my headquarters here, it is difficult for me to defend that point. I have directed General Martin to move all his disposable force, but the distance he has to move is much greater than the distance from Richmond to Weldon, and unless assistance arrives from either Petersburg or the forme place, we shall be too late. With the constant calls upon me for aid from Charleston, the length of this line, the constant attacks of the enemy upon different portions of it, and the deficiency of troops, I hardly hope to keep up the communications. Can I not have an additional force?

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., July 27, 1863.

Commanding Officer at Petersburg:

The enemy are reported advancing from Plymouth and Washington toward Weldon. If you have any available force, send down and intercept them.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C.,

July 27, 1863.

Governor VANCE, raleigh:

I have reports of enemy advancing on Weldon, from Winton and Plymouth and Washington. Can you send any men to Weldon by the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad at once? Troops are moving from Kinston. I have notified Petersburg.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General

