
every effort is being make to remove the iron; that Lieutenant Stuart, Engineer corps, has, after many other efforts to get labor, succeeded in getting 25 or 30 conscripts and some mechanics, who were taken yesterday to the place to commence work; that his brother, Major [John] Seddon, can secure further assistance, and that we wishes you to direct Major Collins to give military protection to the operation and have his force assist as far as possible in removing the iron, so much needed for our main railroads. All labor must be first applied to removing the iron to this side of the river, destroying the bridge only as a last necessity.

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers, a nd chief of Bureau.

WELDON, july, 1863.

General ELZEY:

The enemy are within 10 miles of Weldon, on north side of river, enforce.

Skirmish and artillery firing on both sides until night; expected to resume at light tomorrow.

We need re-enforcemnts badly, as we are informed that a column is advancing on the south side.

Send more artillery by all means.

M. W. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

PETERSBURG, July 28, 1863.

General ELZEY:

The operator at Weldon telegraphs the accompanying:

WELDON, 28TH.

The yankees were firing about two hours before dark. The advance from enemy on other side of river was about 9 miles from here; came near getting the general. We fell back to the mill, 8 or 9 miles from here; believe a stand will be made there. It is storming hard since shortly after that time; now put an end to matters for to-night. They will have to go back to-night or fight in the morning, I suppose.

[A.] DANIEL,

operator.

M. JENKINS.

PETERSBURG, July 28, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY:

I send a copy of telegram from Lieutenant-Colonel [Randolph] Towns. Have heard nothing further of Suffolk troops. Also send copy of telegram from Governor Vance*. I understand your instructions that I am responsible only as refers to your department, and, will until otherwise ordered, leave the Yankees near Murfreesborough to the care of General Ransom, who, I presume, is to cover their movements so as to prevent a raid upon the railroad. It would not be compatible with a successful defense for two persons to be responsible for the same thing.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

