
I shall be ready to move at your command to his assistance, and meanwhile will look sharply to the enemy at Suffolk. General Ransom telegraphs for Moore`s six-gun battery. Shall I send it?

Answer immediately.

M. JENKINS.

FRANKLIN, July 28, 1863.

General ELZEY:

[General JENKINS:]

Colonel Griffin dispatches me that the enemy were near Murfreesborough with 1, 500 cavalry, 2, 000 infantry, and 9 pieces of artillery. Supposed to be advancing on Weldon. Colonel Griffin is near Boykins depot with 150 cavalry, and 2 pieces of artillery; all the bridges between Murfreesborough and Boykins have been destroyed.

R. TOWNS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

M. JENKINS.

RICHMOND, July 28, 1863.

General W. H. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Re-reinforcements went from Petersburg yesterday and the day previous.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 29, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Your letter of the 21st instant has been received and I am much obliged to you for the suggestions it contains. As soon as I receive an official account of the casualties in the army, it will be forwarded. The list of our wounded and missing I know will be large. Many of the first could not be moved, and had to be left behind. The latter will be swelled by the stragglers, who commenced, on crossing the Potomac, to stray from the line of march, and were intercepted by the enemy`s cavalry and armed citizens, notwithstanding every effort which was made to prevent it. Our people are so little liable to control that it is difficult to get them to follow any course not in accordance with their inclinations. The day after the last battle at Gettysburg, on sending back the train with the wounded, it was reported that about 5, 000 well men started back at night to overtake it. I fear most of these were captured by the enemy`s cavalry and armed citizens, who best their route. These, added to other stragglers, men captured in battle, and those of the wounded unfit to be transported, will swell our list of missing, and, as far as I can judge, the killed, wounded, and missing from the time we left the Rappahannock until our return will not fall short of 20, 000. This comprises, however, the slightly wounded and those who straggled from the ranks, who are now rejoining us. After recrossing the potomac, I commenced to consolidate the troops, considering the cases individually and united Archer`s and Heth`s

