
The sick or disabled men, requiring hospital treatment, will be sent, as heretofore, to the general division hospital in Hover, where they will receive the kindest treatment and care known to the army.

The horses will be kept with the commands to which they belong, forges being put in operation near brigade or regimental headquarters for the unshod. Those horses likely to remain in unserviceable condition for some time will be assembled on Monday in each week, and sent under a good non-commissioned officer to division headquarters, where they will be furnished with the necessary authority to proceed to the camp of disabled horses of the division, established at a suitable place in the rear, under charge of the division quartermaster, whence, as soon as recuperated, they will be returned to the field. The non-commissioned officer will, in all cases, bring back a receipt to each regimental commander for the horses delivered over by him, each horse being described with sufficient minuteness to be readily identified.

Efficient provost guards will be organized without delay, to remain with each train, to prevent the members of the command from betaking themselves to the trains under any pretense whatever. All such will be arrested, and returned under guard to their command, and should any commanding officer, less than a brigade commander, grant permission for such absence, the officer granting the pass will be forthwith reported to the brigade commander, who will place him in arrest for trial. This guard will also be charged with the preservation of order in the trains, the safety of public and private property, and the prevention of outrage upon, or unlawful seizure or, the property of citizens.

A provost guard will also be organized for duty with each brigade, or detached command, whose general duties will be to prevent straggling and disorders of every king (to that end being so stationed as to watch vigilantly over the command), and in battle, to arrest persons going to the rear, recording the names of such for future punishment, and compelling them to return to the front.

No brigade, regiment, or company officer has authority to give permits to be absent beyond the limits of the brigade, which limits will be understood to be 5 miles from brigade headquarters, and

brigade commanders will rigidly scrutinize all such permits within those limits.

The major-General commanding is convinced that unless a more sure means of detecting and punishing the guilty and preserving the strength of this command can be devised, all discipline is gone, and with it the efficiency of the cavalry division. By prowess in action, by vigilance on the outpost, and by patient endurance on the march, it has won a name of which its members may be justly proud; but, owing to the inefficiency of a portion of the company officers, and the patriotic resolve which has hitherto been the rule of their action, its members are rapidly diminishing, and its efficiency becoming consequently impaired.

The major-general appeals hopefully to the brigade commanders, regimental officers, and to the men of his division to aid him in arresting this growing evil. He is determined to spare no effort to rescue his command, in which he feels so much pride, from the impending fate. Let the straggler be disgraced in the eyes of all honest and patriotic men; let the artful dodger on the battle-field

