
receive the retributive bullet of his gallant comrade; let every man recognize his duty to his oppressed country as his sole motive, and vengeance on a ruthless invader his constant aim.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KINSTON, July 29, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The enemy has returned to Plymouth from the vicinity of Will-iamston.

C. G. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 30, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN,

Commanding Northwestern Brigade:

GENERAL: Your letter of July 27 has been received.

In your operations in the Valley, I desire you to use great energy and watchfulness. You do right to give the citizens who are coming into the lines all the protection you can.

Endeavor to keep yourself thoroughly advised of the positions and movements of the enemy; seize every opportunity of striking him a blow, and annoy him all in your power.

I am glad to hear of the good condition of your men and the im-provement of your horses. Refresh and recruit them as much as possible, and keep them well prepared for active service.

I cannot urge to much the importance of vigilance and activity.

Where satisfied as to the position of the enemy, endeavor to strike a successful blow on some vulnerable point which will be sure to furnish you with an opportunity to obtain further advantages.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 30, 1863.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON,

Commanding Brigade, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I desire you to march with your command to New Market, and thence to cross the Blue Ridge, either by Thornton's or Fisher's (Milan's) Gap, as you may judge best. Should you cross by the latter, proceed at once to Madison Court--House, near which place General Ewell's corps in now encamped. Should you cross by the former (Thornton's), take the Sperryville road, and inform me of your approach, that I may instruct you whether to join me here or at some other point. I have written to General Ewell to inform you concerning the two routes, as his troops have marched over both, but you will probably be able to obtain information yourself to de-

