HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, July 31, 1863.

Colonel G. C. WHARTON,

Comdg. 3rd Brig., Army of N. Va., Camp near Strasburg, Va.:

COLONEL: Major [John Taylor] Radford handed me your letter to-day. I shall approve and forward both of the papers you sent me.

I wrote to you on the 23rd instant, and believe I have telegraphed you since you went to the Valley. On the 18th and 22nd instant, I telegraphed General Lee in regard to you and your command; urged him to give you back the Fiftieth Virginia Regiment, and under no circumstances to incorporate your command with any other in such a way as to deprive you of the command of your brigade, and spoke of your fitness for the command in such terms as I thought would induce him, for the good of the service, to do as I asked in regard to you.

I have also written to the Secretary of War, recommending and asking that your brigade be sent back to this department, where it is much needed. As General Lee has left you charged with such im-

portant duty as that of checking any advance of the enemy up the Valley, I cannot order you away until other troops are sent there for that service.

I am exceedingly sorry that you have not been promoted before now. I have recommended the promotion, and shall do it again. I have no idea of giving up you or your command unless I am forced to do so; in other words, unless you are taken away from me.

I cannot tell whether I am to go to the Valley or not. I am ordered by the President to remain here for the present. I think it more that probable that I shall soon be ordered to the Valley.

It is very natural that you should feel provoked at not being promoted, but it will never do to think of leaving the service. I tell you beforehand that you need not forward your resignation through me with any expectation that I will approve it. I will do all I can, with propriety, to have you promoted, but will not approve your resignation.

I have told Major Radford to find out and designate the companies he thinks he can collect. If he can find any. I will ask that he be appointed to the command.

I which you to communicate with me frequently whilst you are in the valley. I hope you will soon be under my immediate command, either here or where you are.

Very respectfully and truly, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

WELDON, July 31, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY, Richmond:

Lieutenant-Colonel Towns has been ordered back to Franklin. When the Yankees were whipped, I telegraphed to Griffin to attack them in retreat. The Yankees have left Murfreesborough. Their infantry force is still on Roanoke River. I nov have my forces near the railroad, to move there, if necessary. The Yankees fled in con-fusion.

Yours, truly,

M. W. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

67 R R - VOL XXVII, PT III

