
exception of the Fifth (Jenkins'). His regiments were all organized in Western Virginia, and all claim to have been raised for some special or local service. I have, therefore, not thought proper to separate them.

The only objection I have to the proposed arrangement of regiments is that the First South Carolina Regiment is placed in the Third, or William H. [F.] Lee's brigade. It has heretofore been in the First, or Hampton's brigade, and it may be better not to separate the two South Carolina regiments, but to take from the First Brigade one of the legions. This can be done, however, at some other time, or some better arrangement made.

Seven brigades of cavalry, or the number of regiments composing them, constitute too large a command for the supervision of one officer. I therefore propose to subdivide them into two divisions, one subdivision under General Hampton, the other under General Fitzhugh Lee, the two senior officers, the whole under command of General Stuart.

I further propose to your consideration the promotion of Generals Hampton and Fitzhugh Lee to the rank of major-general. General Hampton, I think, deserves it both from his services and his gallantry; of General Fitz. Lee I do not wish to speak so positively, but I do not know any other officer in the cavalry who has done better service, I should admire both more if the were more rigid in their discipline, but I know how difficult it is to establish rigid discipline in our armies, and therefore make allowances.

If these two officers are promoted major-generals, brigadiers must be made for the brigades. For the First, or Hampton's brigade, I recommend Colonel M. C. Butler, of the Second South Carolina Cavalry.

For the Second, or Fitz. Lee's brigade, I recommend Colonel W. C. Wickham, of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry. For the Sixth Brigade I have already recommended Colonel Baker, of the First North Carolina Cavalry, and for the Seventh Brigade, Colonel L. L. Lomax, of the Eleventh Virginia Cavalry. I believe these four officers are the best qualified and most deserve promotion.

You will perceive that by classifying the four North Carolina regiments under Colonel Baker, it deprives General Robertson of his command, consisting of the Fifty-ninth and Sixty-third North Carolina Regiments. General Robertson has more than once applied to be relieved of the command of these regiments and ordered to the rest of his brigade in North Carolina. The promotion of Colonel Baker will enable me to gratify him.

I am, with great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.

Richmond, August 1, 1863.

Colonel [M. S.] LANGHORNE,

Commanding Post, Lynchburg, Va:

Could you not spare a force from your post to picket the ferries on the Upper James and the Staunton, to arrest stragglers and deserters?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

