
best not to delay for regimental organization, but will perfect that in the field. Members of the Twenty-third on furloughs will be forwarded to join the regiment.

R. F. STOCKTON, JR.,

Adjutant-General, New Jersey Militia.

HARRISBURG, June 19, 1863.

R. F. STOCKTON, Jr.

Adjutant-General:

I arrived with my command at the city at 12 o'clock last night. Company B, Captain Marshall, arrived at 3 o'clock this morning.

WM. R. MURPHY.

CAMP CURTIN, June 20, 1863.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I reached this post on the 18th instant at midnight, with my command, Company A, National Guard; and as directed by the adjutant-general, I reported to the headquarters of the commanding general. On the morning of the 19th, Captain George F. Marshall arrived with his command, and this morning Captain J. C. Manning also reported at my quarters. At Philadelphia and here we have received every attention because we are Jerseymen. A citizen of New Jersey is a prouder title than that of a Roman citizen. Troops are arriving in considerable numbers, but little has yet been done toward organizing them. I have requested that we may at once be assigned to whatever duty the authorities have for us to do, so that we may be permitted to return home as soon as our services are no longer needed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. R. MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding.

TRENTON, N. J.,

June 20, 1863.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

I have been informed that the urgent need of a volunteer militia force to aid in repelling an invasion of your State has passed, and that you do not wish any more State militia organized for temporary service. Please inform me if this is so, as in that case I will detain the troops that are now preparing to start, and will proceed to organize six-months' or three-years' troops for the United States service.

JOEL PARKER.

HARRISBURG, June 20, 1863.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER:

GOVERNOR: The rebels are still in the State and are on our border in force. I think you should not discontinue your preparations. Send troops to point, unless the authorities at Washington direct otherwise.

A. G. CURTIN.

