
take measures to ascertain which of the troops that have volunteered are willing to enter the United States service, and, if the War Department so direct, will send them to your State and discharge the remainder.

Very respectfully,

JOEL PARKER.

PENNSYLVANIA EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., June 24, 1863.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER,

Governor of New Jersey:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22nd instant from your secretary. The Secretary of War ordered volunteer forces, for temporary service in this military department, from New York and some of the New England States, and the impression rested on my ming that an order of the same kind was made upon you as Governor of New Jersey. The troops raised in Pennsylvania are mustered to serve "during the emergency; " those sent by New York are mustered for thirty days, unless sooner discharged; and to satisfy the apprehensions of men who have taken up arms under the calls, by consent of the War Department, the troops are to be discharged when, in my judgment as Governor of the state, the emergency has expired. The enemy is still in the State, and occupies the country from Chambersburg, in Franklin County, to the Maryland line. He has plundered the southern portions of Franklin an Fulton Counties, and our last advises are that he is north of Greencastle with a force of not less than 8, 000 men. It is impossible for us to obtain accurate and reliable information of the number of troops this side of the Potomac, or in the valley immediately south of it. General Couch, who is in command of this department, is under the impression that the number within our borders and threatening the State does not exceed 30, 000, and may be much less. He thinks this morning there are indications of a movement in this direction in large force. I suggest that under the circumstances you should continue to prepare troops for this service, and General Couch will communicate with the authorities at Washington to-day on the subject of their enlistment and term of service. When we hear from Washington you will be advised immediately, and it is the more important, as we do not desire to tax the generosity of the State of New Jersey by the payment of any troops she may furnish, whether mustered into the service for the military department established in Pennsylvania, and will be discharged when, in my judgment, the emergency has expired, and if there should be a limitation to their term of service, they will be returned to your State at tour pleasure if the emergency should not have expired.

I cannot close this communication without expressing to you the thanks of the people of Pennsylvania for your promptness in responding to their calls, and to the people of New Jersey for the patriotic disposition they so truly manifest, and their willingness to take up arm for our defense.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

