
HARRISBURG, June 26, 1863.

His Excellency Governor PARKER:

The enemy is in possession of the State from Carlisle to the Maryland line. He occupies the country in force. I trust you will not relax your efforts to help a sister State and Kindred people.

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, June 27, 1863.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER,

Governor of New Jersey:

General Couch has been authorized to take into service in his department any troops, whether mustered into United States service or not. The rebels are here in force and we certainly need troops.

A. G. CURTIN.

WASHINGTON, June 28, 1863.

His Excellency Governor PARKER:

General Couch is authorized to receive any troops that may be offered to serve under his command, whether sworn into the United States service or not. Please send any militia or other force at your disposal.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CLARK'S FERRY, 20 MILES ABOVE HARRISBURG,

June 28, 1863.

His Excellency Governor PARKER:

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 16, from the headquarters of General Couch, I came to this place to occupy the approaches to and the bridges over the Juniata and Susquehanna Rivers, the Pennsylvania Central Railroad running along the west bank of the former, and the Northern Pennsylvania Railroad on the east bank

o f the latter, it being supposed that the intention of the enemy is to destroy one or both of these roads. It is now certain that there is a large rebel force at Carlisle, from 10, 000 to 15, 000, with eight batteries of artillery, and that they are advancing toward Harrisburg and expect to capture it. They appear very confident, and from what I have seen our people are not. Last night I received a telegram from General Couch, a little before midnight, which made it necessary to change my position. I passed over the Juniata and occupied the west entrance to the bridge over the Susquaehanna, but my line of pickets is yet on the north side of the Juniata. My force is entirely inadequate to the duty assigned to me, and consequently they are beginning to fell the effects of severe duty.

A dispatch, this moment received from Thomas A. Scott, of Harrisburg, says: "The enemy are marching on York and on this city; about an hour ago our cavalry pickets were driven in by artillery. "

So you see there is much to think about here. Our men are generally well, but pretty well worn.

Your obedient servant,

W. R. MURPHY.

