
pletely crushed. If the enemy succeeds in crossing the Potomac, then a large number of troops could be sent by rail to Front Royal or Gordonsville, instead of Following the enemy by marches.

McDowell used to say that i Was constantly seeking to anticipate positions for a year ahead and provide for them, but if this be a fault, I think it is on the safe side; better look too far ahead that not be ready.

Excuse my suggestions; they may be, and probably are, of no value. I have neither your judgment, experience, nor sources of information; but anxious to do something to finish up this war, I feel better satisfied with myself if I make them than if I do nothing.

I leave again for Frederick to-day.

Very respectfully submitted.

H. HAUPT.

HARRISBURG, July 9, 1863.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER:

SIR: I came to this place this morning to remonstrate with the military authorities upon the treatment we are receiving through their want to common knowledge, or their utter indifference to their obligations to those who have left their own homes to aid in protecting those of Pennsylvania. When I was ordered to Duncannon it took five days to get our rations from this city. Yesterday I was sent to Marysville, and in such haste that all my stores had to be left, under the promise that they should be immediately forwarded. That promise is delusive; my men have to purchase bread (if they can find it) at 25 cents per loaf, or go without. But I will not trouble you with specifications. I respectfully ask to be recalled.

The newspapers here, and the authorities also, admit that there is not an armed rebel in the State. Our usefulness, therefore, is at an end, and many of us are making sacrifices which, as the case now stands, are disproportionate to the requirements of this service. Today is the twenty-third day of severe and constant duty, in a position which was considered by the commanding general one of great importance and peril. His last words on leaving here were, "You must hold the passes and river and prevent the enemy from crossing at the risk of sacrificing your men, " and day and night he was telegraphing me, "Be on the alert, " "enemy passing Sterret's Gap, " &amp;c. This danger is now all passed, and I can conceive of no reason for remaining here another hour.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. MURPHY,

Commanding New Jersey Battalion.

STATE OF NEW JERSEY, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, July 9, 1863.

Captain W. R. MURPHY:

SIR: I was not in Trenton when your telegram came asking for transportation for your battalion, or I would have answered sooner. We are raising troops here for service in Pennsylvania, and some companies are now nearly ready to leave. If you return now, these will probably not go, as they will deem the service of our militia no

69 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

