
longer necessary. It was understood that our troops were to remain thirty days, unless sooner discharged. I thought the emergency had passed at one time and ordered a disbandment of the forces, and when I renewed the call I determined not to withdraw any troops under thirty days, unless Governor Curtin, at whose call they were sent, was willing to dispense with them. He may have signified as much to you. Knowing you good judgment and military experience, I suppose you have good reasons for returning. General Perrine will send transportation in blank, which I hope will not be used for some days, unless you have information which entirely justifies it. Your time will expire in a little over a week. Perhaps the authorities in Pennsylvania will give you transportation at that time. If so you will not use our order.

Very respectfully,

JOEL PARKER.

STATE OF NEW JERSEY, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, July 15, 1863.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

SIR: As the enemy has crossed the Potomac and the emergency which called the New Jersey troops to Pennsylvania seems to be over, I Inquire whether your want them longer. If not will you notify them?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOEL PARKER.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

Itinerary of Kemper's brigade, June 15-July 24, 1863.

June 15, 1863. -The brigade passed through Culpeper Court-House, and went into camp about 2 miles beyond Culpeper Court-House, on the Winchester.

June 16. -Marched about 18 miles and camped near Gaines' Cross- Roads.

June 17. -Marched to Piedmont Station, on Manassas Gap Railroad.

18th. -Marched to Paris, in Loudoun County, Va.

19th. -Marched to the top of the Blue Ridge, at Snicker's Gap.

20th. -Crossed the Shenandoah River and camped near Berryville, Clarke County, Va.

21st, 22d, 23d. -Ramained in camp, near Berryville.

24th. -Marched to Darkesville, in Berkeley County, Va.

25th. -Passed through Martinsburg, and crossed the Potomac and camped about 2 miles beyond Williamsport.

26th. -Marched through Hagerstown, Md., crossed the Maryland and Pennsylvania line, and camped near Greencastle. Pa.

27th. -Marched about 2 miles beyond Cambersburg, on Harrisburg road.

28th. -Remained in camp near Chambersburg.

29th. -Moved back to about 2 miles on this side of Chambersburg.

30th. -Remained here, occupied in destroying the Hagerstown and Chambersburg railroad.

