
July 1. -Did not change camp.

2d. -Marched to within about 5 miles of Gettysburg.

3d. -Marched down to battle-field, fought, and returned to the same camp.

4th. -Crossed the stone bridge, and camped near Bream's Mill.

5th. -Marched to Monterey, on the top of South Mountain.

6th. -Marched to Waterloo, at the foot of the mountain. Rested here some hours; then marched all night and until about 2 p. m., July 7; then camped near Williamsport.

8th. -Remained at this camp, being unable to transport the Federal prisoners across the river.

9th. -Turned over to General Imboden the prisoners which had been under our charge from the time of leaving Gettysburg.

10th. -The First, Third, and Twenty-fourth Regiments crossed the Potomac late in the evening, and went into camp about 1 mile from the ferry. The Seventh and Eleventh Regiments remained on the Maryland side of the Potomac to support a battery.

11th, 12th. -Did not charge camp.

13th. -Moved about 5 p. m. ; marched until after midnight; then stopped about 2 miles from Martinsburg, on the Winchester road, until daylight.

14th. -Moved about 2 miles, and went into camp.

15th. -Marched to bunker Hill.

16th, 17th, 18th. -Remain in camp near Bunker Hill.

19th. -Moved to Smirhfield, Jefferson County, Va.

20th. -Moved to Millwood, Clarke County, thence to Berry's Ferry, on picket.

21st. -Marched to Front Royal, crossed the Sheneandoah, and moved to the top of Chester Gap.

22d. -Moved about 5 p. m., and went round some distance to surprise a battery, which, however, had moved off some hours before. Then moved all night, and reached Gaines' Cross'Roads at daylight, July 23.

23d. -Moved in the evening, and crossed Hazel River and camped there.

24th. -Passed through Culpeper Court-House, and reached our present camp.

KINLOCH NELSON.

First Lieutenant, and Ordnance Officer, Kemper's Brigade.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, July 22, 1863.

By direction of the Secretary of War, the following circular is addressed to army and department commanders for their guidance:

1st. The practice of issuing on the eve of an expected engagement 20 rounds of ammunition to the infantry over and above the capacity of the cartridge-boxes will be discontinued, except on the special order of the general commanding an army or department.

2d. Issues of cartridges, except to cover expenditures in battle, will be limited to three cartridges per man per month for the whole effective strength of the army, or of the forces serving in any department. Supplies to cover expenditures in battle in which the ammunition to be replaced was consumed.

