
of the Potomac, and the commandants of artillery of corps will, by frequent inspection, enforce the responsibility. Paulins will in no case be used as tents, but they may in wet weather be used to cover harness.

* * * * *

VI. At the expiration of the leave of absence granted to Major General George Stoneman for the benefit of his health, by Special Orders, Numbers 137, * current series, from these headquarters, he will report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army for further instructions.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------------

CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1863-8. 45 a. m.

The troops serving with this army will be held in readiness to move at very short notice. Three day's cooked rations will be kept on hand until further orders, and all surplus baggage will be sent to the rear to-day. Until otherwise directed, no more leaves of absence or furloughs will be granted, and all leaves and furloughs which have been given to take effect to-day at once be revoked. Please acknowledge. By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To commanding officers of Second, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps.)

-----------------

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS., CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 17 June 5, 1863.

I. So much of General Orders, No. 12, +from these headquarters, as refers to the Horse Artillery brigade, is modified as follows:

In all that relates to reports, returns, and requisitions for ordnance and other property pertaining to the Horse Artillery, the brigade organization will be retained. The brigade commander is assigned to duty at these headquarters, and will also discharge the duties of inspector-general.

II. Batteries assigned to divisions and the regular brigade will obtain their subsistence, forage, and ordinary supplies from the staff of the command with which they are serving, under the supervision of the respective commanders.

III. The following assignment of batteries will take effect until further orders, viz: Robertson's to the First Division; Pennington's to the Second Division; Martin's to the Third Division; Elder's to the Reserve Brigade. Batteries or parts of batteries will not be detached from the above commands without instructions from these headquarters, unless in a case of extreme necessity, in presence of the enemy, which will be duly reported.

-------------

* Of May 20. On July 28, 1863, Major-General Stoneman was announced as chief of the Cavalry Bureau, in Washington, D. C.

+ Of May 24. See Series I, Vol. XXV, Part II, p. 522.

---------------

