
WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 14, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Harrisburg:

The operator at Harrisburg has the cipher, and you can use him. The enemy has appeared at Winchester, and also at Martinsburg. There is no doubt that a general movement is being made toward Pennsylvania, and no effort should be spared to resist him. Hooker is also moving up.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

------------

HARRISBURG, June 14, 1863.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

The PRESIDENT:

I have dispatched Colonel T. A. Scott to see you and the Secretary of War. He will arrive in Washington about midnight, and will call on you. The plan for raising troops, although well conceived, we find ineffectual to produce forces with dispatch equal to the necessities. Colonel Scott will present you my request to authorize a call for 50, 000 troops, which we feel very confident will prove successful. I earnestly ask that it be adopted. If adopted, I desire to act on it at once. I will remain up till I hear from you and the Secretary of War, through Colonel Scott. I am fully conscious of your anxiety to use all the means in your power to protect this State from invasion, and I will be pardoned for saying that the plan which will be presented by Colonel Scott, in the judgment of all my officers, is the only one practicable for that purpose at present.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

------------

PITTSBURGH, June 14, 1863.

(Received 12. 29 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Governor Peirpoint has Telegraphed as follows:

I have lately received 2, 000 small-arms from Washington. I want 3, 000 more, smooth-bore muskets, with ball and shot, preferred. I can place them all in reliable regiments, organized and officered, in a few days, who I have confidence will fight.

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington,

June 14, 1863-2. 20 p. m.

General W. T. H. BROOKS,

Pittsburgh, Pa.:

Lee's army is in motion toward the Shenandoah Valley. Pittsburgh and Wheeling should be put in defensible condition as rapidly as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

8 R R -VOL XXVII, PT III

