HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, June 15, 1863-6 a. m.

(Copy received, War Department, 7. 20 a. m.)

Major-General HOOKER:

Manassas would be a better point for cavalry than Centreville. We cannot get sufficient forage at Centreville. We can fit up sooner at Manassas. The road is now lined with infantry on the march. Shall move as soon as I can do so, nd will withdraw my people farthest out at dusk, to join me in the night. I would be well for the War Department to put some batteries and a force at the mouth of the Monocacy. It is there where Stuart will try to cross, through the culvert under the canal.

A. PLEASONTON.

------------
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, June 15, 1863.

(Copy received, War Department, 7. 30 a. m.)

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

General Pleasonton has telegraphed you all the information he has obtained. My headquarters will be at Centreville to-day. Birney is ordered to remain at Manassas until the Occoquan is crossed by the commands from Falmouth. Pleasonton had better be to-night on the railroad, in rear of Birney, where he can obtain supplies.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,Major-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 15, 1863-8 a. m.

General A. PLEASONTON,

Cavalry Corps:

The commanding general directs that, if you require any ordnance equipments for your command, you at once make requisition for the same on Captain [Daniel W.] Flagler, at Alexandria. All the dismounted men and disabled horses of your command have been ordered to Alexandria. They will join you at he earliest possible moment. The commanding general directs that you await further orders at Manassas.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

DUMFRIES, June 15, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

General REYNOLDS,

Warrenton, Manassas, or Centreville:

The general directs that all corps and cavalry must fill up trains with supplies, and three days' in haversacks, ready for any order. General Ingalls says, forage from Captain Ferguson, Alexandria. Colonel Clarke will be at Fairfax Station to-night. The general desires this done to-day, if practicable. Retain two at Manassas, if more easily supplied.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]-Operators will send copy to corps commanders in their vicinity.

