HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,[June] 15, 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch of 8. 30 a. m. here. Have plenty of provisions, but must get forage to-night at Manassas. Please ask Ingalls to have it there. I think Stuart will make for the mouth of the Monacacy. He will have 40 miles to take to-day. I will have that distance to-morrow to reach same point. My command will be at Manassas to-night.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

------------
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 15, 1863.

(Received 9. 30 a. m.)

General HANCOCK:

As soon as all your divisions are up to Stafford, the general says you can cross to Aquia. (See McDowell's map.) There you will find good water and good camps. Open telegraph office there with your operator. Send down the Neck to Brent's Point, and get full advises from all at the Aquia Landing, of everything there. They can send, by boats going up to land, any dispatch, &amp;c., for headquarters at Occoquan, where we shall be as late as 12. 30 noon. Headquarters to-night at Fairfax Station. The general directs that you cause he country to be thoroughly scoured from the Potomac as far inland as practicable, as you come up, driving in all stragglers, leaving none of our property for the enemy. He relies upon you for every exertion in this respect. There may be many loose horses floating about.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General.

------------

MANASSAS JUNCTION, June 15, 1863.

(Received, War Department, 9. 40 a. m.)

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Centreville:

Pleasonton is here. His force on the river will be withdrawn to night. His brigade at Thoroughfare Gap is withdrawn to-night, leaving a regiment there to watch. There will be no cavalry in my front toward the Rappahannock to-morrow, and Pleasonton thinks a large force is left there. I should like, if I remain here, to have some cavalry between me and the Rappahannock. Pleasonton also thinks the force at Fredericksburg and near will remain on the defensive. Should they choose to act otherwise, I would like to know it as soon as possible. Pleasonton suggests Stahel's cavalry be pushed out toward the Rappahannock.

MEADE,

Major-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 15, 1863-12. 40 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Following is extract from orders for march to-morrow:

Sixth Corps train by right-hand road to Wolf Run Shoals, 4 a. m. Second Corps train by left-hand road to Wolf Run Shoals, 4 a. m. Both to cross river before night, and await their commands at Fairfax Station, Sixth Corps having precedence.

