
BALTIMORE, MD.,

June 15, 1863-4. 40 p. m.

Surg. R. F. WEIR,

Frederick, Md.:

The railroad people report that plenty of transportation has gone to Frederick, to enable everything to be removed. Let them load quickly, and be very sure that nothing is unnecessarily left behind or destroyed.

By order of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., June 15, 1863.

(Copy received, War Department, 5. 20 p. m.)

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

Captain [Walker V.] Persionius telegraph at 8 o'clock this morning

from Falling Waters as follows:

The Confederate baggage train is now passing ont the other side of the river. I am going down on the Maryland side. I learned from a refugee that they have been passing two hours. Within twenty minutes I have counted 300 cavalry and 40 wagons. At this time the advance must be in Williamsport.

MAXWELL V. WOODHULL,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

------------

BALTIMORE, MD., June 15, 1863.

(Received 5. 35 p. m.)

General HALLECK:

General Milroy has cut his way through, and arrived at Harper's Ferry. His losses are reported considerable, with great damage to the enemy. Hi will telegraph soon. Tyler brought troops from Martinsburg to Maryland Heights, and is in command there. Have sent Kelley around to New Creek, to concentrate troops on western portion of railroad. Ordered Averell to concentrate at Grafton, with a view to covering approaches to Wheeling, and to come eastward, perhaps also to New Creek, to hold as much as possible of the railroad eastward toward Martinsburg.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

------------

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., June 15, 1863.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Generals Milroy and Elliott are now here. The troops are coming in by regiments and squads. Milroy thinks his killed, wounded, and missing will not exceed one-third of his force. I am sending everybody over to Maryland Heights. Demoralized troops, such as those from Winchester, are not the troops to defend important position with. We shall do what we can. Our effective force here, independent of General Milroy's men, is not over 4, 000.

DAN. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

