
BALTIMORE, MD., June 15, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have no detachments out now from the Relay House to the mountains; all are at Harper's Ferry and Maryland Heights. At the Relay House, Washington Junction, I have now General [Henry S.] Briggs, with one full regiment and two part of regiments and a battery. Besides the company of artillery in Fort Dix, I have also one regiment of infantry in this city. I have not thought it best to send them to Harper's Ferry. I have just received by telegraph from Frederick the assurance that, up to about 1 p. m. to-day, not a Confederate soldier had appeared at Williamsport or Shepherdstown, on this side of the Potomac. I sent Colonel McReynolds to Harper's Ferry this afternoon.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

------------

CLARKSBURG, W. VA.,

June 15, 1863-8. 45 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff, Baltimore, Md.:

On General Kelley's order to concentrate all my forces east of Grafton at that point, I ordered the troops from Youghiogheny Bridge and Rowlesburg to Grafton. This endangers the railroad communication with New Creek and abandons the completion of block- houses on main stem. Four hundred and eighty men and twenty-six

officer of the Sixth [West] Virginia are on block-house detail.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Brigade.

------------

BALTIMORE, MD., June 15, 1863.

(Copy received, War Department, 9. 40 p. m.)

Major-General MILROY,

Harper's Ferry:

You will turn over your command for the present to Brigadier-General Tyler, and report in person at these headquarters.

By order:

DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff.

------------

BALTIMORE, June 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General TYLER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Colonel McReynolds on his way to you. General Milroy has been ordered to turn over his command to you. You will organize and bring it into the best condition you can as soon as possible, and report your force, or whole probable force, at the earliest moment you can. The place must be held. General Halleck says, if you are besieged you will soon be relieved.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

