
picket line is stronger than last night, and has advanced on our pickets. Our pickets are on the Bowling Green road, extending to the front of the Bernard house (Mansfield), and thence to the river on the left. I cannot move 200 yards without bringing on a general fight. Before bringing over the rest of my corps, I await orders. I am satisfied that it is not safe to mass the troops on this side.

A contraband reports that Generals Lee and Longstreet were at this place last night. All the prisoners confirm this information.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General, Commanding.

--------------
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 6, 1863-11. 15 a. m.

General SEDGWICK,Commanding Sixth Corps, at Pontoon Bridge:

General: From the reports of signal officers and General Reynolds, it seems that one division would probably ascertain all that is desired concerning the strength of the enemy. The matter is left to your discretion. It is not intended or desired that you should jeopardize your command or bring on any general engagement, if the enemy is in such force as to make it probable. The reports are being copied, to be sent you.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

-------------
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 6, 1863-11. 15 a. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

Your dispatch, dated 10. 30 a. m., by Captain [Eugene B.] Beaumont, aide-de-camp, just received. My telegraphic dispatch, sent you before its receipt, seems to cover all the points concerning which you speak. I inclose a duplicate of the dispatch, to cover any errors in its transmission. The signal officer at Phillips' house and on the river has been directed to furnish you with all information received. It is very desirable that all contraband and deserters should be sent at once to provost-marshal at these headquarters, and that you should secure as many as possible; prisoners also.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------------
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General BUFORD,

Commanding at Warrenton Junction:

Your orders of yesterday are suspended until further orders. Report everything as it occurs.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

