
HARRISBURG, June 15, 1863-4. 30 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Secretary STANTON:

It is absolutely necessary for the ordnance general [Chief of Ordnance] to give me authority to draw, as I want, arms and equipments for infantry, cavalry, and artillery.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

------------

BALTIMORE, June 15, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

General COUCH:

I have not troops at Conewago Bridge, and have not thought of destroying it. What proof is there that the enemy has appeared at Hagerstown? I wonder if a panic was not created by a detachment of the First New York Cavalry I had there at 9. They were escorting and following wagon trains from Martinsburg, which I ordered them to take through Greencastle to Chambersburg, and turn over to the quartermaster at latter place. I have just been assured by telegraph from Frederick that until afternoon to-day not a single Confederate soldier had appeared at either Shepherdstown or Williamsport this side of the enemy. I think your people are in a panic, that thus far is in a good measure causeless. Milroy, from Winchester, has cut his way through to Harper's Ferry.

SCHENCK,

Major-General.

------------

HARRISBURG, PA., June 15, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore:

Your dispatch is received. The enemy were at Hagerstown at last advises. We have advised people south of the Susquehanna to run off their stock.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-7. 35 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Harrisburg:

A dispatch from Governor Seymour, just received, states that he will order the New York and Brooklyn regiments immediately to Philadelphia. If telegraphic communication with Washington should be interrupted, you are hereby authorized to make requisitions for arms and supplies upon all officers of the United States in New York, Boston, and wherever they can be had. But this authority is to be exercised only in the contingency mentioned. Regard should be had for the necessities of the service elsewhere,

and nothing be called for but what is necessary.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

