
tions for arms, ammunition, and all other supplies upon the officers at Philadelphia, Cincinnati, or wherever else supplies can be had. But this authority is to be exercised only upon the contingency mentioned. In making such requisitions, regard should be had to the necessities of the service elsewhere, and nothing be called for but what is needed.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-7. 55 p. m.

WILLIAM P. SMITH, Esq.,

Baltimore, Md.:

I shall be glad to see Mr. [John W.] Garett whenever he comes. Is the road between here and Baltimore sufficiently guarded?

EDWIN M. STANTON.

------------

BALTIMORE, MD., June 15, 1863.

(Received 10. 25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

In reply to our query. I would suggest that the Washington road guard is being strengthened to-night at Relay by 2, 000 men, who have just abandoned Frederick and Monocacy. We think Branch is safely guarded as against a small raid, but, if the troops can be spared, it will doubtless be desirable to strengthen the forces at the Savage, Laurel, and Paint Branch switches-20, 18, and 8 miles from Washington, respectively. If Harper's Ferry is to be held, may not the Monocacy Bridge be essential to the Government?

W. P. SMITH,

Master of Transportation.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-2. 30 a. m.

Honorable ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg:

On arrival at 1 a. m., I had an interview with the Secretary of War, the Secretary of State, and Solicitor of the War Department. On examination, it is found that the President cannot authorize a call inn the form you suggest, the law in express term prohibiting, but he will make a demand or call upon Pennsylvania, Ohio, Maryland, and West Virginia for 100, 000 men, in view of the threatened invasion of Maryland and Pennsylvania, to serve six months, unless sooner discharged by order of the President, the men so called to be provided by the General Government with arms and all usual supplies; the services of all men under this call to be taken into consideration by the President, and a proper allowance be made therefor, in any draft. The quota of Pennsylvania under the call of the President will probably be 50, 000; Ohio, 30, 000; Maryland, 10, 000; and West Virginia, 10, 000. Will not this meet all our wants, and the people respond promptly? Answer immediately, and keep this dispatch entirely private.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

