
HARRISBURG, PA., June 15, 1863.

(Received 4. 20 a. m.)

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Washington:

Your dispatch received. The plan seems good. Your telegram is, of course, general, and we cannot decide upon details which will require good faith in carrying out. I desire you, therefore, to signify my approval, and that you will remain and get the detail, as far as may be now needed, arranged to the best advantage. Get the most liberal arrangements you can. I remark, however, that the danger is so imminent it is no time to be technical. The men to be called into service should have every assurance. I will keep dispatch private, excepting a general announcement that a call of the militia for 50, 000 men will be made at once. To this there can be no objection. Let me hear from you, that I may announce the matter at the earliest moment.

A. G. CURTIN.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-3 a. m.

Honorable THOMAS M. HOWE,

Pittsburgh:

The President issues proclamation this morning for 100, 000 men, 50, 000 of them from Pennsylvania, to serve six months, unless sooner discharged. General Government will provide for them fully, so that private financial arrangement will not be required. The danger is imminent, and the people must be aroused and come forth promptly to prevent invasion. The rebels are moving north in large force. The advance columns of Lee's army are now at Martinsburg.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

(Copy to J. Edgar Thompson, Eighteenth and Spruce streets, Philadelphia.)

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863.

Honorable ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

Get up a strong proclamation, calling upon our people to rise at once. There is not a moment to be checked excepting by immediate action. The proclamation of the President has been sent out, and your proclamation should go forth before daylight. The advance column of Lee's army is now at Martinsburg. THOMAS A. SCOTT. HARRISBURG, June 15, 1863. (Received 10. 55 p. m.) Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War: We had 12 naval howitzers, and 60 gunners, loaded up to-day at Philadelphia navy-yard, when the Secretary of the Navy ordered

