
them to remain there. We must have those guns and men, with all others we can get, to defend the crossing of the Susquehanna. Enemy advancing down Cumberland Valley, in three columns, near Chambersburg. Urge the Navy Department to order guns to be sent to- night.

A. G. CURTIN.

------------

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-12 m.

Commodore C. K. STRIBLING,

Commandant Navy-Yard, Philadelphia:

You can furnish the Governor with cannon, as specified, if not immediately wanted for the naval service. The howitzer and sailors cannot be spared.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

------------

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington,

June 15, 1863-9. 20 p. m.

Commodore C. K. STRIBLING,

Commandant Navy-Yard, Philadelphia:

Any ammunition or artillery not wanted for naval purpose can be loaned to Governor Curtin. If you have experienced persons in the yard, they can accompany them for a few days, or any of the crew of the receiving-ship who can be trusted, but the Department does not feel that the naval operations should be interfered with, or sailors intended for sea-going vessels diverted, excepting for a pressing emergency nearer your position.

GIDEON WELLES.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863.

By the President of the United States of America.

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas the armed insurrectionary combinations now existing in several of the States are threatening to make inroads into the States of Maryland, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, requiring immediately an additional force for the service of the United States: Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy thereof, and of the militia of the several States when called into actual service, do hereby call into the service of the United States 100, 000 militia from the States following, namely: From the State of Maryland, 10, 000; from the State of Pennsylvania, 50, 000; from the State of Ohio, 30, 000; from the State of West Virginia, 10, 000; to be mustered into the service of the United States forth with, and to serve for the period of six months from the date of such muster into said service, unless sooner

