
discharged; to be mustered in as infantry, artillery, and cavalry, in proportions which will be made known through the War Department, which Department will also designate the several places of rendezvous. These militia to be organized according to the rules and regulations of the volunteer service, and such orders as may hereafter be issued. The States aforesaid will be respectively under the enrollment act for the militia service rendered under this proclamation. In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand, and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed. Done at the city of Washington, this fifteenth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-seventh.

A. LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

-----------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

His Excellency Governor KIRKWOOD,

Iowa City, Iowa:

The movements of the rebel forces in Virginia are now sufficiently developed to show that General Lee with his whole army is moving forward to invade the States of Maryland and Pennsylvania, and other States. The President, to repel this invasion promptly, has called upon Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and West Virginia for 100, 000 militia for six months, unless sooner discharged. * It is important to have the largest possible force in the least time, and if other States would furnish militia for a short term, to be credited on the draft, it would greatly advance the object. Will you please inform me immediately what number, in answer to a special call of the President, you can raise and forward of militia or volunteers, without bounty, for six months, unless sooner discharged, and to be credited on the draft of your State?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Copies to Governors Salomon, Milwaukee, Wis. ; Ramsey, Saint Paul, Minn. ; Parker, Trenton, N. J. ; Yates, Springfield, Ill. ; Morton,

Indianapolis, Ind. ; Blair, Lansing, Mich. ; Berry, Concord, N. H. ;

Holbrook, Brattleborough, Vt. ; Coburn, Augusta, Me. ; Buckingham,

Norwich, Conn. ; Smith, Providence, R. I. ; and Andrew, Boston,

Mass.)

---------------

*Under this call, the quotas were proportioned among the

arms of the service as follows:

Maryland. -Eight regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and two batteries of artillery.

Ohio. - Twenty-five regiments of infantry, three of cavalry, and three batteries of artillery.

Pennsylvania. - Forty-two regiments of infantry, five of cavalry, and seven batteries of artillery.

West Virginia. -Eight regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and two batteries of artillery.

---------------

