
WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-11. 10 a. m.

His Excellency Governor SEYMOUR,

Albany:

The movements of the rebel forces in Virginia are now sufficiently developed to show that General Lee with his whole army is moving forward to invade the States of Maryland and Pennsylvania, and other States. The President, to repel this invasion promptly, has called upon Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Western Virginia for 100, 000 militia for six months, unless sooner discharged. It is important to have the largest possible force in the least time, and of other States would furnish militia for a short time, to me credited on the draft, it would greatly advance the object. Will you please inform me immediately if, in answer to a special call of the President, you can raise and forward say 20, 000 militia or volunteers without bounty, to be credited to the draft of your State, or what numbers you can probably raise?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

------------

ALBANY N. Y., June 15, 1863.

(Received 1. 25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I will spare no effort to send you troops at once. I have sent orders to the militia officer of the State.

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

Governor SEYMOUR, Albany:

The President directs me to return his thanks, with those of the Department, for your prompt response. A strong movements of your city regiments to Philadelphia would be a very encouraging movement, and do great good in giving strength in that State. The call had to be for six months, unless sooner discharged, in order to comply with the law. It is not likely that more than thirty days' service-perhaps not so long-will be required. Can you forward your city regiments speedily?

Please reply early.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

-----------

ALBANY, N. Y., June 15, 1863.

(Received 11. 25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

By request of Governor Seymour, who has called me here, I write to say that the New York City regiments can go with full ranks for any term not over three months; say 8, 000 to 10, 000 men. The shorter the period the larger will be the force. For what time will they be required? Please answer immediately, directed here.

C. W. SANDFORD,

Major-General.

