
DETROIT, MICH, June 15, 1863.

(Received 10. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram received. Have no organized militia, and no considerable number of militia could be furnished from this State for sixty days. I much prefer to furnish troops required from this State for three years.

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

------------

HARRISBURG, June 15, 1863.

(Received 10. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have struggled actively and anxiously to get troops on the call made last night. Is it not better that I should call on the people of the State to meet the emergency without regard to time of service? And if I do, with your advice and consent, the General Government must assume the responsibility of supplies and movement. We must have all your facilities to meet the case. We cannot organize others. The dangers are increased hourly, and I await reply.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863-2 a. m.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

Reports received yesterday and last night have rendered it certain that Lee is advancing with his whole army to invade the States of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and probably Ohio. The President, to meet the exigency, has called for 100, 000 militia, to serve for six months, unless sooner discharged. Of these, 50, 000 are called from Pennsylvania, 30, 000 from Ohio. I hope you will speedily have Ohio's proportion ready for Pittsburgh and Wheeling, or wherever required. Order has been made for the issue of arms and ammunition immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

------------

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 15, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. COX:

You have doubtless been advised of the President's proclamation calling for 30, 000 men from Ohio for the protection of Western Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Eastern Ohio. I have issued a proclamation appealing to the loyal people to respond to this call, and doubt not they will do so. Have named Camps Cleveland, Chase, Dennison, and Marietta as the camps of rendezvous. I have fears that our southern border may be invaded at the same time, and therefore have not limited my call to any specified number of men, and hope to receive at least 50, 000. Please confer with General Burnside, and, if possible, visit me.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

