
My other two brigades are at this place, excepting some detachments at Occoquan and other places.

Respectfully,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

P. S. -I connect on the left with the infantry of General

Abercrombie, and on the right with General Schenck, across the

river.

------------

ALEXANDRIA, June 16, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

I have just arrived here. I left Aquia last night, 11 p. m.

Everything is removed but a little rolling-stock, which will be away to-day. No enemy crossed near Fredericksburg up to dark last

night.

All the troops are gone, excepting Colonel [A. R.] Root's

and Colonel [T. B.] Gate's regiments, about 900 men together. They

have orders to stay there till further orders from you. Your dispatch of 7. 30 a. m. I have received.

G. K. WARREN,

Brigadier-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Dumfries, Va.,June 16, 1863-10 a. m.

General BUTTERFIELD:

My command is all here, excepting a small party of cavalry in rear. Three days' rations have been issued to the entire command, and the leading division is starting, via Dyer's Mills and Maple Valley, for Wolf Run. The artillery has plenty of forage. I patrol the roads to my left as far as possible with my cavalry in its exhausted condition. The telegraph station will be broken up when my rear guard leaves. I will notify you when I leave in person. Stragglers all up. Public property abandoned by this command destroyed or otherwise taken care of. Have 50 or 60 mules and horses. No enemy in sight up to this time.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

------------
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 16, 1863-10. 45 [a. m.]

General BUTTERFIELD:

I am about leaving personally. Two divisions have already gone. I will go as far as it is possible. Yesterday's heat caused a great deal of trouble; a great many men sunstruck, some of whom died. The men have lost so much sleep since the preparatory orders, that a large amount of sickness has been caused thereby, more than my ambulances can carry. I am trying to bring up all the stragglers of the Sixth and Second Corps, and that causes some delay. There will be no public property left here. Telegraph will now close.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

------------

