
and on the railroad below said house. The interval reported this a. m. between Marye's Heights and point near SEDGWICK's Crossing, is filled by these new troops. Thirty wagons and ambulances moving on wooded ridge toward Wyatt's house; two batteries on same ridge halted; 10 wagons going south; artillery, one battery, seen moving north on Bowling Green road, and toward the railroad depot; wagons accompany this artillery.

JAS. S. HALL.

Captain, Signal Officer.

--------------
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Chief of Artillery:

Please direct the commanding officer of the Reserve Artillery to send a horse battery to report (at Spotted Tavern to-night) to General Ames; three day's cooked rations for the men and forage for the animals. General Ames will be here in the course of an hour, and be able to indicate the hour at which he desires them to arrive.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(Copies furnished Generals Ames and Pleasonton.)

------------
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 6, 1863.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a command of 500 men (one or two regiments), to march to-night to Spotted Tavern, beyond Hartwood Church, and report to Brigadier-General Ames. The command to go prepared to be absent a few days from camp, say five or so; 150 rounds of ammunition by pack-mules and on the person; no wagons, knapsacks light, for purposes to be made known. It is desired that the command sent should be one well disciplined and drilled, capable of marching rapidly, and of endurance; that the officers should be noted for energy and efficiency. Two ambulances, properly supplied, to accompany them. You will report here the name of the commanding officer and the regiments assigned for this duty. The destination of these men will be confidential with the commanding officer. The pack-mules for the ammunition and the officer's shelter tents and rations should come from the reserve mules supplied by the chief quartermaster for contingent uses, to avoid, if possible, taking any from the wagons. The pack masters, ambulance attendants, &amp;c., should by supplied, so that the effective fighting command reaches the number specified above.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letters sent commanding officers Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, and copies furnished Generals Ames and Pleasonton for their information.)

