
Howard. This direction could not be given without a more definite knowledge of how you were camped. All corps camp on Goose Creek to- morrow night.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------

FAIRFAX STATION, June 16, 1863.

Colonel ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Generals Buford and Gregg ordered to have their commands ready to move at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Fairfax Station, Va.,June 16, 1863-12 p. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

Major-General Stahel, who is with me now, will have a guide at the point where the route of one corps to Frying Pan crosses Little River turnpike (Sander's toll-gate), to meet the column there at 4 a. m. ; he will send one conversant with the roads and country. General Stahel tells me that the country in the vicinity of Frying Pan is full of roads. It would be well if the corps passing Frying Pan could keep to the left, in order to allow the general headquarters train to pass to Herndon Station, crossing up by Ox road from Germantown. General Stahel informs me that all the county is full of roads; that some difficulty may be found at little streams and bridges, and at Goose Creek, in crossing. The pioneers will have to be prepared to fix these places for the troops and trains. If the column via Gum Springs can find a better and more practicable road via Bitzer's, the dam and lock to the left of the Magnetic Iron Ore* (see the map), there is no objection to its going that way. A road may be found via Gum Springs, T. Lewis Freeman's, Moran's, Bitzer's. (See McDowell's map for these references.) If so, it will shorten and facilitate the march of the corps taking that route, and there is no objection to it. I make these suggestions to save the marching, if possible.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(Copy furnished commanding officer Eleventh Corps.)

------------

CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 16, 1863.

The allowance of camp and garrison equipage for these headquarters will, during the pending movements of the army, be as follows: One wall tent for the head of each department requiring an office; other officers, one wall tent for every two.

---------------

* On Goose Creek, about midway between Aldie and the Potomac River.

---------------

