
The personal baggage of officers will be reduced to the smallest limit fixed by existing orders and regulations. The superfluous camp and garrison equipage must be turned in at once, and everything reduced to the lowest standard. While the army was in position to permit the allowance of tents and personal baggage to be increased for the comfort of officers, the extra allowance was sanctioned. The necessities of the service now require, however, that everything should be subordinate to rapidity of movement, and reduction of trains. It is expected that every officer will consider it a point of honor to comply promptly with the requirement of this order, and turn in or send to the rear without delay every superfluous article. No settlers' wagons will be permitted to accompany the column. As the army may at any moment expect marching orders, this order will be carried into immediate effect, and corps commanders will be held responsible that its provisions are faithfully complied with. All surplus equipage and baggage will be turned in at once to Captain [Luther H.] Peirce, assistant quartermaster, at Fairfax Station or Alexandria. Ambulances will not be appropriated to any other than their authorized use. Officers in charge of them who allow them to be used for the conveyance of baggage and the transportation of persons not properly connected with the army, will be forthwith replaced be officers who will enforce orders. and be brought to trial for disobedience of orders. An inspection of the baggage of officers serving on the staff of the commanding general will be made by the inspector-general's department on duty at these Headquarters, with a view to a compliance with the foregoing. Officers at these Headquarters will turn in their surplus baggage to Captain J. B. Howard, assistant quartermaster.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Fairfax Station,June 16, 1863.

The Twelfth Corps, General Slocum, will march at 3 a. m. to-morrow for Leesburg, via Hunter's Mills, crossing the railroad, Dranesville, and the Leesburg turnpike. The first Corps, General Reynolds, and Eleventh Corps, General Howard, will march at 3 a. m. for Leesburg from Centreville, one corps taking the route by Frying Pan, old Ox road, and Farmwell Station, crossing the railroad; the others by Gum Springs, Farmwell, crossing Goose Creek, near Trappe Rock. The Fifth Corps, General Meade, will march form Manassas at 3 a. m. for Leesburg, via Centreville and Gum Springs. The corps marching from Centreville by Gum Springs will keep to the right of the road in the fields near Gum Springs, to enable the Fifth Corps to pass on by the old Carolina road to Leesburg. The before- mentioned corps will encamp on Goose Creek to-morrow night. head-quarters at Farmwell Station to-morrow night. Corps on route will report their march and place of camp to-morrow night at 7 p. m. at that point and for orders.

