
CLARKSBURG, June 16, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore:

Your first order of 6. 30 p. m., 14th, was not correctly deciphered. Your second from Colonel Piatt was received 3. 30 p. m. yesterday. If found my command at Beverly, Buckhannon, and Weston, with pickets far out. Four regiments and a battery will be at Grafton before to-morrow-two mounted. The equipments, which have this moment arrived, are being issued. I am keeping a line of cavalry pickets yet in front, and holding Beverly with the Tenth, Ewing's battery, and some cavalry. Nothing heard of the enemy in my front. I am having the stores and transportation of my command sent to Grafton. Enemy reported by Colonel Mulligan, from a staff officer of General Milroy, 10 miles from Cumberland. Nothing heard from General Kelley since last night, when he ordered me to hold Beverly. What are your orders with reference to the depots of supplies west of Grafton and the troops guarding them? Have requested Colonel Mulligan to ascertain, if possible, the strength and intentions of the enemy near Cumberland, and advised Colonel Wilkinson to keep the necessary guards along the railroad to New Creek, to preserve communication, which he has done.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

------------

BALTIMORE, MD., June 16, 1863-7 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Imboden, with his forces, may intend to push across through Uniontown, Pa., by the National road to Wheeling. I am looking to that. Among other contingencies there should be a gunboat at Wheeling and also at Parkersburg, and one in the Kanawha, while Averell keeps the nucleus of his command for concentration at Grafton. I have directed that he shall have cavalry watching the passes westward through the mountains at Beverly and elsewhere. I have instructed Kelley, at New Creek, to look after Imboden.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

------------

BALTIMORE, MD., June 16, 1863.

(Received 9. 25 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I will intermit no possible preparations or exertions, but I still have some suspicion that it was my wagon train, sent from Martinsburg with some cavalry, via Williamsport, Hagerstown, and Chambersburg, that has alarmed all Pennsylvania and the country. I have been suggesting this since yesterday morning to General Couch, from whom I now hear that the advance of the train has reached Harrisburg, and that the remainder-some 200 wagons-is now between Carlisle and Harrisburg. Tyler begins to think there is no force of the enemy at Halltown.

