HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS.,Near Stafford Court-House, Va.,

June 6, 1863-5. 45 p. m.

Lieut Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Twelfth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the detachment ordered

to report to General Ames has stated, with the train of pack-mules,

carrying the extra 90 rounds of ammunition. The detachment consists of the Second Massachusetts Volunteers and the Third Wisconsin Volunteers, of which Lieutenant-Colonel Flood, of the Third Wisconsin, is the ranking officer. Colonel Hawley is the only colonel present with the Third Brigade, and I regret very much his illness, which prevents his accompanying his regiment. General Ruger informs me that Colonel Flood (recently promoted) is a very efficient officer. There is an equal dearth of field officer in the First Brigade, which deficiency causes great embarrassment in making sudden details for special duty.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 6, 1863.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

Inclosed find copy of order* for the detail to join the column under General Ames, ordered to rendezvous at Spotted Tavern to-night. You will note that they are provided with three day's cooked rations. General Ames will be ordered to report to you for orders. It is expected that you will provide for the supplies of the command, and all details not provided for in the orders inclosed, until the expedition returns, and the details are returned to their respective commands. The column under General Shaler will be assembled, by similar orders, to be a Kelly's Ford at such time as you may indicate in your reply to this that you desire them to be there. After these columns are formed at the rendezvous indicated, with the supplies ordered, they are to report to you, and be under your direction for further, orders, supplies, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

-----------
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General AMES:

The inclosed copies of orders* indicate to you the command to be given you for a temporary duty. You will report to Brigadier-General Pleasonton for orders, and, in your movement from Spotted Tavern, be careful that your column is concealed from the enemy; that your own command is ignorant of their destination; that any

guerrillas, spies, or wanderers through the country which you

tra-

---------------

*See p. 15

---------------

