
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MONONGAHELA

No. 2. Pittsburgh, Pa., June 16, 1863

The President's proclamation calling for six-months' troops does not supersede the orders establishing a Departmental Corps, the nature of which service appears to be misunderstood. It is not designed to keep this organization in active service for any definite period, but simply to establish and keep up an organization for the protection and defense of the department, that will be familiar to every one, and efficient when required. After the particular emergency is over, the troops will be sent to their homes, where they can resume their usual occupations undisturbed. They will be called out only on occasions of threatened danger, or periodically for inspection and instruction. For this last purpose, it is supposed that not over one day in three weeks will be necessary. Provision has been made by some of the patriotic citizens of this city to advance the Government the necessary money to play these troops regularly, so that will not have to wait the action of Congress. Under no circumstances can these troops be transferred to any other department.

By command of Major-General Brooks:

[T. B. SWEARINGEN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

HARRISBURG, June 16, 1863-11. 20 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch received, &amp;c. My last dispatch, about 10 last evening, from the operator a few miles this side of Chambersburg, stated that a gentleman who was to notify him of the enemy's arrival rode to the office, and said that several mounted men had just come in, saying they were Southern soldiers. This was two hours after Lieutenant [Charles W.] Palmer, who had a small force of Maryland cavalry, came in from Greencastle with his column, reporting the rebels near. One company of cavalry recruits was sent out last night from Carlisle in the direction of Chambersburg. Nothing heard from them as yet. Our measures have been taken to get correct reports. Captain Boyd, First New York Cavalry, is in this section.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

------------

HARRISBURG, June 16, 1863-4 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our latest is that the enemy, with 600 to 800 men, took possession of Chambersburg, and still hold it. We hope to have more certain information in an hour or so.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

11 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

