
Enfield. These will meet your present demand, and 5, 000 more are ordered. Accouterments and ammunition in abundance are also there.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

------------
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Harrisburg, Pa.,June 16, 1863-8 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have endeavored to keep you advised of all that was reliable in reference to the enemy. The country is so wild with rumors that I was compelled to use great caution in communicating with you. A deserter, a Northern Irishman, states that Stuart had orders read to his command, which they called 20, 000, that he would reach Philadelphia before their return. I have made every exertion to protect the bridges across the Susquehanna, but they are to be fired, if it becomes necessary. Had the people responded to my first call as they should have done, I would now be in a situation to march up the Valley. I thing we have succeeded in ruining off most of the horses. I am of the opinion that the squads of cavalry thrown out around Chambersburg saved Milroy's train, very few wagons being lost. Applications have been made of colored troops for State defense. I judged that it would be bitterly opposed, and have, therefore, merely stated that I had no authority for accepting them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

------------

HARRISBURG, June 16, 1863-10. 35 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Scouts on Northern Central Railroad, just in from Westminster to Glen Rock, report as follows: Rebels in possession of New Market. At. 12 m. they crossed the Potomac at Sharpsburg, and are in possession of Hagerstown, Greencastle, Chambersburg, Waynesborough, and other small towns. The different forces are concentrating, to make for Harrisburg and cut all communications off from the North. Total force estimated at 20, 000 to 25, 000 men. I send you this information as received. Force in Chambersburgh about 2, 000.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

------------

BOSTON, June 16, 1863-12. 15 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We have no effective organized militia left in Massachusetts excepting two companies of cadets, both well-drilled organizations, and each by our militia law commanded by a field officer. There are also three militia cavalry companies, only half full, imperfectly drilled. Their horses are the property of their members. The mine-months

