
call absorbed almost all our militia organizations. Two regiments of nine-months' men, whose time is up, have just returned. Effort shall be made to induce them to re-enlist for Pennsylvania service. We are seeking means for an estimate in reply to your inquiries, and will telegraph report to-morrow.

By order of Governor Andrew:

A. G. BROWNE, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Military Secretary.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 15, 1863. (Sent 2 a. m., 16th.)

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

The Secretary of the Navy told me this evening that you had asked him for the navy-yard guns. I requested him to let them go, and he said that he would do so, and I suppose they are on the way. I am unable to give you any advice in respect to your calling on the people of the State without regard to time of service, because the extent of you power and duty as Chief Executive of the State, and what call will operate most effectually on the people of the State, are matters better known to you than to me. All the facilities in the power of this Department to meet the case have been and will continue to be afforded.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

------------

TRENTON, N. J., June 15, 1863.

(Received June 16, 2. 50 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch is received. Every means will be taken to ascertain how many men can be raised for six months. You will be notified as soon as it is ascertained. In the meantime, am I authorized to delay the muster of nine months' men at present in this State, and send them to Governor Curtin, to assist in repelling the invasion on Pennsylvania? These regiments have been sent to be mustered out, but are volunteering to go to Pennsylvania for the emergency, and Governor Curtin is anxious for them. Answer immediately.

JOEL PARKERS.

------------

DAVENPORT, IOWA,

June 16, 1863-2. 56 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It is impossible to say with certainly how many men can be raised in a short time among a population as sparse as ours. If you deem it advisable to call for six-months' men from this State, let me know how many you want and within what time you want them, and I will do my best,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

