
NEW YORK, June 16, 1863.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I returned this morning along the line from Pittsburgh. Much alarm. I find the belief there and here that, if you will telegraph General McClellan to call for and lead the returned regiments, from 30, 000 to 50, 000 men, mostly veterans, will be ready within twenty four hours. A telegram to the lines of roads on the route to be ready will expedite the moving force. There will be enough under such circumstances to require all their rolling-stock.

AMBROSE THOMPSON.

------------

NEW YORK, June 16, 1863-11. 40 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Four of our regiments go to-morrow; eight more the next day. They urge in the strongest manner the request that they may go, and be commanded by their own general officers, subject, of course, to the commanding officers of corps and department. They will go stronger if this request is complied with. They have decided, under your telegram to me, to go for thirty days.

C. W. SANDFORD.

------------
HEADQUARTERS Fourth Army CORPS, Camp near Williamsburg, Va.,June 16, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: I spent yesterday at the front. General Gordon has a regiment at Barhamsville, and another at Diascund Bridge. The balance of his division and the other forces near him are judiciously posted this side. The whole country has been thoroughly examined on all the roads, and our cavalry has been as far as New Kent Court-House, which is only 12 miles from Bottom's Bridge. It is confidently reported that Wise and his force are now across the Chickahominy. Our move up the Chickahominy and beyond, assisted by the gunboats, caused the enemy to leave their strong position at Barhamsville and Diascund Bridge, and to retreat in haste. We can, therefore, say we have driven the enemy from this Peninsula. In regard to future movements, I found the cavalry so much exhausted that some day's rest is necessary. The infantry also are much fatigued. Our transportation is limited, and guerrillas are at work. If we advance farther, some additional means and some modifications of our plans are necessary. If I had 25, 000 men and the command of the gunboats, I should without hesitation push on for Richmond at once. If Lee's army is moving up the Shenandoah, I would take the rebel capital or destroy the railroads in its vicinity. Am I to understand your telegram to forbid my making more raids anywhere? Raids have a wonderful effect by producing discontent among the people against the Confederate Government. They de-

