
mand protection, and, if the raids are repeated, the old and sick will call home their sons and brothers to protect their homesteads, and in that way the rebel army will be melted away. With these suggestions, I wait your further instructions.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Corps.

------------

HARRISBURG, June 16, 1863.

____________ __________,

For nearly a week past it has been publicly known that the rebels, in force, were about to enter Pennsylvania. On the 12th instant, an urgent call was made on the people to raise a Departmental Army Corps for the defense of the State. Yesterday, under the proclamation of the President, the militia was called out. To-day a new and pressing exhortation has been given to furnish men. Philadelphia has nos responded. Meanwhile the enemy is 6 miles this side of Chambersburg, and advancing rapidly. Our capital is threatened, and we may be disgraced by its fall, while the men who should be driving these outlaws from our soil are quarreling about the possible term of service for six months. It never was intended to keep them beyond the continuance of the emergency. You all know this by what happened when the militia was called out last autumn. You then trusted your Government, and were not deceived. Trust it again now. I will accept men without reference to the six months. If you do wish to bear the ignominy of shrinking from the defense of your State, come forward at once, close your places of business, and apply your heads to the work. Come in such organization as you can form. General Couch has appointed Lieutenant-Colonel Ruff to superintend your organization. Report to him immediately.

A. G. CURTIN.

The enemy is approaching. I must rely upon the people for the defense of the State, and have called out the militia for that purpose. The time of service will only be while the danger to the State is imminent. Send forward companies as soon as possible.

------------

JUNE 16, 1863.

To the people of Maryland:

Whereas the President of the United States, by his proclamation of the 15th instant, calling into the service of the Government the militia of the several States now threatened by invasion by the insurgents in arms against the Union, had designated 10, 000 men as the quota of Maryland required for the special purpose of protecting her own soil, it becomes us to respond with the least possible delay earnestly and effectually to the call thus made upon us. The entire want of any efficient organization of the militia of the State makes is necessary to provide the required force either by volunteers or by draft. The term of their service will be six months

