
and the State will be credited under the enrollment act with the number thus furnished. Whether we look to the purpose for which this force is required, to the success of efficiency of its operations, or to the probable movements of other States embraced in the same appeal, every consideration connected with the subject demands that the call should be met by an offer of volunteers. When our own territory is threatened by an invader, let is never be said that we lacked the spirit to meet the emergency, or looked to others to provide for our defense. Whilst, therefore, measures will be immediately taken to provide by draft from the recent enrollment whatever of the force now called for is not promptly furnished by volunteers, I would earnestly appeal to the patriotism and pride of every Marylander so to respond to the call now made upon them as to leave no necessity to raise a single company by any compulsory process. The 10, 000 men required of us will be organized into eight regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and two batteries of artillery, and though required to be of the maximum standard, they will be mustered into the service of the United States, armed, and equipped, whenever they can muster the minimum number required in each. The volunteer militia organizations now existing in the city of Baltimore and other parts of the State are earnestly invited to call their members together, and make their respective commands a nucleus for the formation of a complete regiment. Whenever a battalion or company, or a majority of their respective members, shall make such offer of their services, they will report to Major [Henry W.] Wharton, Numbers 65 Fayette street, who will designate a place of regimental rendezvous, and an effort will be made to obtain from the War Department permission to muster in the several companies as soon as formed without waiting for the complete regimental organization. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and affixed the great seal of the State, this sixteenth day of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

A. W. BRADFORD.

[SEAL.] Wm. B. HILL,

Secretary of State.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 17, 1863-12. 30 a. m.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

General Stahel, who is now with me, seems to think that a better route for you to-morrow will be via Vienna and Freedom Hill, on to the Leesburg turnpike You are at liberty to take that route. The road by Germantown and Ox road is to be occupied by headquarters and commissary train. Perhaps General Stahel's suggestions would be good ones for you trains. Use your discretion. He will furnish you with a guide.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

