
other, is rumor. The telegraph operator at Harper's Ferry announces that General Tyler, commanding there, has withdrawn all his forces to Maryland Heights, evacuating Harper's Ferry. The infantry forces, instead of being ordered as when you were here, are directed-the Twelfth Corps to camp at Dranesville to-night; First Corps on Goose Creek; Eleventh Corps at Guilford Station; Fifth Corps at Gum Springs; Third Corps at Centreville; Second Corps at Sangster's Station; Sixth Corps at Fairfax Station; and headquarters remain to-night at Fairfax Station. Verbal orders have been sent you by Captain Dahlgren, some time since, instead of moving with your whole command, as directed last night, to make easy marches, put the main body of your command in the vicinity of Aldie, and push out reconnaissances toward Winchester, Berryville, and Harper's Ferry. The commanding general relies upon you with your cavalry force to give him information of where the enemy is, his force, and his movements. You have a sufficient cavalry force to do this. Drive in pickets, if necessary, and get us information. It is better that we should lose men than to be without knowledge of the enemy, as we now seem to be. Captain McEntee, of Colonel Sharpe's department, thoroughly understands the whole organization of the rebel army, and is sent out to join you. After you have examined any prisoners, deserters, or contraband brought in, the general desires you will give him a chance to examine all of them, and desires that all information may be communicated with great promptness, and directs that you leave nothing undone to give him the fullest information. The commanding general also directs that you had better not advance the main body of your cavalry beyond Leesburg, and, if you should require a train of forage to be sent, inform him of the fact to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

June 17, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Department of Washington:

Your dispatch received, and is answered but now, as I only returned from headquarters Army of the Potomac at 3 o'clock this morning, whither I was called last evening to give information as to roads, &c. I have not sent out the scouting party, as directed, for the reason that all the roads will be marched by the Army of the Potomac to- day to Leesburg and the Monocacy. I have sent scouts with each of the columns. If the general commanding still desires it, I will at once dispatch the party, as suggested.

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

P. S. -General Hooker has a force of 1, 000 cavalry on the other side

of the Potomac which marched to the Monocacy with the pontoon

bridge, which seems to render superfluous any parties from this

command.

