HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Near Aldie,June 17, 1863-4. 15 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Upon arriving at this place, a short time since, I found at least one brigade of the enemy's cavalry; how much more I have not ascertained. I have engaged them, and will send you further particulars as soon as I obtain them. Some prisoners were taken, who say that Fitz. Lee's brigade is here, and that Stuart is at Middleburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - A scout of Captain McEntee says there is no infantry on this

side the Blue Ridge, and that this is all the cavalry.

------------
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Aldie,June 17, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

[General MEADE:]

The enemy's cavalry arrived at this point at the same time I did. I engaged them with one division, and captured 8 officers and 50 men of the Fifth Virginia Cavalry. I have but one division here at present, and that is very tired. Shall push on early in the morning as fast as possible, if I do not get orders to the contrary. In case they are too strong for me, and I am pressed, I will borrow a few of your swift-footed gentleman. It is reported there is no infantry in the next valley. The brigade I have driven off was Fitzhugh Lee's, which shows Stuart is not very far into Pennsylvania. Please send this news to headquarters, as my messenger may miss.

PLEASONTON.

------------
HEADQUARTERS GRAND RESERVE DIVISION,June 17, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

Orders from the Army of the Potomac are on the way for you to halt at Guilford Station and my corps at Goose Cree. They have evidently made a mistake at headquarters, and think you are on the Frying Pan road, instead of my corps. I shall go to Guilford Station. You had better stop at Goose Creek.

JOHN. F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[P. S]-You cannot go to Guilford Station without cutting

my columns.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Fairfax Station,June 17, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

[Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:]

GENERAL: Your corps will remain in camp at its present location to-morrow, which you will take advantage of to procure any necessary supplies. We have nothing new, and are waiting the movements of the cavalry now out beyond Aldie to ascertain what we can of the enemy.

