
The reports from north of the Potomac are uncertain and unreliable. Nobody has been able to count over 1, 500 of the enemy. Send in early to-morrow a. m. and p. m. for orders; also any information worthy of note. General Howard's corps should have been named as at Goose Creek and General Reynold's at Guilford Station to-night.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(Same to commanding officer Sixth Corps.)

------------
HEADQUARTERS Fifth Corps, Gum Springs,June 16 [17], 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Major-General Howard,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The inclosed just received from Pleasonton. As the firing ceased before his courier reached me, I presume he has driven the enemy before him. I have halted here by orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac. Understood you were to be at Guilford Station and Reynolds at Trappe Rock Crossing. Where is Reynolds?

Truly, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure].

June 17, 1863.

General Commanding Fifth Corps:

General Pleasonton directs me to say that he is at Aldie with his cavalry force, and that a part of Stuart's cavalry are in front of him. By order of General Pleasonton:

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.

------------
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Gum Springs,June 17, 1863-8 p. m.

GENERAL BUTTERFIELD:

I forward dispatch just received from General Pleasonton. Howard is on Goose Creek; troops crossing. Reynolds at Guilford Station. I have informed Pleasonton he can have any support from me to the extent of my command, by calling on me or by falling back.

GEO. G. MEADE.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 17, 1863. (Received 8. 20 p. m.)

General R. INGALLS,

221 Pennsylvania Avenue:

Try and hunt up somebody from Pennsylvania who knows something, and has a cool enough head to judge what is the actual state of affairs there with regard to the enemy. Seven or eight thousand men are reported at Williamsport. Couch reports his pickets driven in. Enemy reported to have appeared at Poolesville, and everywhere else in Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Western Virginia. Cavalry enough

