HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Fairfax Station, Va.,June 17, 1863,

Major-General STAHEL:

Much obliged for the prompt response to the call for cavalry regiments to go to Warrenton. We have to-night a corps at Dranesville, one at Guilford Station, one on Goose Creek, near Trappe Rock, one at Gum Springs, one at Centreville, one at Sangster's Station, and one near Fairfax Station. Cavalry at Aldie. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 17, 1863.

Captain C. N. TURNBULL,

Georgetown:

The general commanding directs that you have your pontoons and appurtenances at the mouth of the Monocacy to-morrow evening. Two regiments of infantry and a cavalry force will be there. General Benham, when last heard from, was at the navy-yard, Washington.

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE,

June 17, 1863-9. 10 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, and Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Washington:

There are no troops of ours in Dumfries. In regard to Colonel [T. I.] Murray's place, I will forward a full report as soon as Colonel De Forest returns, who has gone to Warrenton with the two regiments. I was informed by him verbally just before he started that one horse and several head of cattle were seized. A small scouting party of 20 men, which I sent out to Leesburg and vicinity, have returned without meeting any force of the enemy, and were unable to learn anything in regard to the enemy's movements. They came across a party of guerrillas, who were just returning from Maryland with some horses and mules. They drove the, and took some of their horses and mules from them.

Respectfully,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Fairfax Station, Va.,June 17, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

Your dispatch by orderly received, announcing that you had run against Lee's brigade at Aldie. The general desires that you will push him up, and find out what is behind him-whether it is the advance of Lee's army covering hi movements. General Stahel reports from a scout sent to Leesburg to-day, no enemy there save

