HEADQUARTERS Engineer Brigade,June 17, 1863.

COLONEL PETTES,

Commanding Fiftieth New York:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you detail Major Spaulding, with 200 men from your regiment, to proceed per steamer Rockland to Georgetown, to join the trains which started under Captain Turnbull. The steamer Rockland to Georgetown, to join the trains which started under Captain Turnbull. The steamer will be at the railroad wharf as soon as possible. Your men will take four day's rations with them. The boats, after getting into the canal, will be pushed forward as fast as possible to Noland's Ferry, where the bridge is ordered to be laid before noon of the 18th. Teams, if possible, will be procured from Washington, to haul the boats along the canal. The senior officer present will take charge and be responsible for the laving of the bridge, if the commanding general is unable to be present. You will remain in charge of the men and pontoon property here in Washington, using every exertion to repair and refit the bridge trains. Major Brainerd will proceed by land to Noland's Ferry, taking the horses and baggage belonging to this detachment, and will there report to Major Spaulding. You will please send Company K of your regiment by the Rockland, to be landed at Sixth Street wharf, whence they will march to the engineer work-shops, and report to Captain [Orrin E.] Hine. If the teams are not ready in Georgetown, the boats will be pushed along the canal as fast as possible by the men. Surgeon [Charles N.] Hewitt will remain with Colonel Pettes.

By order:

Very respectfully,

[H. W. BENHAM?],

Brigadier-General.

------------

BALTIMORE, June 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General TYLER,

Maryland Heights:

Are all your forces on Maryland Heights? Why do you use Sandy Hook instead of Harper's Ferry telegraph station? General Milroy and staff leave here this morning to report to you; will arrive this evening.

Answer immediately.

DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff.

------------

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 17, 1863 - 11 a. m.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

Anything from General Tyler? Any information of the enemy's movements in Maryland? Are all Tyler's forces on Maryland Heights?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

