
expected that anything reliable would be gained, even supposing it could be obtained from such sources.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

------------

JUNE 6, 1863-11. 55 p. m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch received. I am instructed by the commanding general to say that you are not to disregard the order to feel the enemy a little. The order to be ready to march may be considered simply as a notification that a movement of your corps is in contemplation. By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

-------------

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C.,

June 6, 1863-2. 55 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Falmouth:

I have been trying hard to keep the women out of your camp, but finding that they were going in troops, under passes, as they said, from your provost-marshal and commanders, I have given up the job. I think no officer or soldier should have his wife in camp or with the army. In other military districts, the order of the Department excludes them. If you will order them away, and keep your provost-marshal and other officers from issuing passes, not one shall be issued here, and all that profess to come from the Department will be forgeries.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

------------
HEADQUARTERS, DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, June 6, 1863-9. 30 a. m. Major-General STAHEL, Commanding Cavalry: There is little doubt that Lee has moved his army from Hooker's front. His object is not known. Push a strong reconnaissance into the Shenandoah Valley at once, to acquire any information which may be had of the enemy's whereabouts or intentions. J. H. TAYLOR, Chief of Staff.

-------------

HEADQUARTERS, CAVALRY FORCES, Bristoe Station, Va., June 6, 1863-2 p. m.

Major H. BALDWIN, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fairfax Court-House:

General Buford telegraphs me that at 8 o'clock this a. m. he personally was still at Warrenton Junction, but had sent one division toward Culpeper, and would inform me of anything important, which I will report promptly to you. I understand BUFORD's force in all about this road to be some 7, 000 effective. Scouting party sent at 4 a. m. to New Baltimore has returned. Found no considerable force or evidence of movement that way.

