
BALTIMORE, June 17, 1863.

Colonel TRUEX,

Monocacy:

Am awaiting answer to my last telegram. What do you learn from the front? In approaching Maryland Heights, the general leaves much to your discretion. Since his orders, the position has changed, Harper's Ferry being abandoned and Maryland Heights alone held. Send scouts in advance. Report intelligence, and, as stated before, be very cautions. Can you, without embarrassing your movements, give detail to assist in loading forage at Frederick?

By order:

DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff.

------------

BALTIMORE, June 17, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

The following has just been received:

NEW CREEK, VA., June 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT:

Colonel Galligher, of Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, reported by messenger this morning that he had arrived at Hancock with about 1, 000 cavalry and 2, 000 infantry of General Milroy's division, without rations, and with but little ammunition. I notified him I would supply him, and ordered him to fall back on New Creek, but, on account of the subsequent occupation of Cumberland by Imboden's forces, I directed him to retreat north into Pennsylvania. This information, excepting last order, wac embraced in a dispatch to you of this morning, which, however, appears not to have been sent, owing to the cutting of the wires between Cumberland and New Creek.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

I have informed General Couch of this. He may be able, I hope, to communicate with these men, supply them, and use them to whip Jenkins' cavalry at Chambersburg, who, I have ascertained, certainly were less than 1, 400 when they passed Hagerstown, and without artillery.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Similar letter to Couch.)

------------

BALTIMORE, MD., June 17, 1863.

(Received 3 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Following is just received from General Kelley, at New Creek: Arrived at Cumberland at 3. 30 this morning. Left for this place at 6 by train. Found track 10 miles from Cumberland torn up. Returned to Cumberland, and found the place invested by Imboden with two regiments of cavalry and battery. On the outside of the town I met Lieutenant [James P.] Hart, of the Ringgold Battalion, with 50 cavalry, under whose escort, I, with staff, came here. Find the troops between Martinsburg and Piedmont concentrated here, and learn that a portion of General Averell's command is on the way. Will keep you advised.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

