
BALTIMORE MD., June 17, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

New Creek, W. Val:

Can you have the track between New Creek and Cumberland repaired, or without it go down upon Imboden? Some portion of the raid may, perhaps, go over the mountains south of you, or Imboden may take the National road. Averell should leave a watch at the gap south of Grafton, and a nucleus of his command at Grafton, with means of transportation by railroad or land between.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

------------

BALTIMORE, MD., June 17, 1863-7 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Imboden, with his forces, may intend to push across through Uniontown, Pa., by the National road to Wheeling. I am looking to that, among other contingencies. There should be a gunboat at Wheeling, one also at Parkersburg, and one on the Kanawha. While Averell keeps the nucleus of his command for concentration at Grafton, I have directed that he shall have cavalry watching the passes westward through the mountains at Beverly and elsewhere. I have instructed Kelley, at New Creek, to look after Imboden.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

(Similar letter to Couch.)

------------

BALTIMORE, June 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Grafton:

You were telegraphed to keep watch of mounted men at Beverly. Keep portion of your force at Grafton, to concentrate on for enemy passing westward. For this purpose, have abundant of transportation between New Creek and Grafton. General Kelley is with you by this time, and has full instructions.

By order:

DONN. PIATT,

Chief of Staff.

------------

GRAFTON, W. VA., [June] 17, 1863.

Major-General BROOKS:

Enemy reported at Cumberland at 7 a. m. to-day, moving westward. J. E. B. [Stuart] cannot well come from Staunton without my being timely notified.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

------------

CINCINNATI, OHIO,

June 17, 1863. (Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

My regiment, 800 strong, is on its way home for muster-out. I have offered their services, with their unanimous consent, to you for Pennsylvania's defense, through General Burnside. Please advise me of your action, care of General Brooks, at Pittsburgh.

G. W. MINDIL,

Colonel Twenty-seventh New Jersey Volunteers.

