
home twenty-four hours, and neither of them has been paid. As soon as paid and mustered out, if the exigency continues, we could in a few days raise a regiment. Many of them expect to enlist in other corps. One full company of infantry will proceed to-morrow, well officered and equipped, for six-months' service. One full battery of light artillery will probably be ready this week. All our State militia regiments are absorbed in the nine-months' service.

WM. SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General of Massachusetts.

------------

PITTSBURGH, PA., June 17, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

(Received June 18, 1. 15 a. m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The undersigned, appointed by the executive committee of public safety, acting in pursuance of the repeated and earnest wishes of successive meetings of citizens, request you to authorize Major-General Brooks to declare martial law.

J. K. MOORHEAD.

W. THAW.

R. MILLER, JR.

JOS. PLUMMER. Jr.

JAS. PARK, JR.

------------

PHILADELPHIA June 17, 1863-1. 33 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: Under an act of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, approved May 16, 1861, I have been assigned to the command of the city of Philadelphia, for the preservation of its peace and the defense of the city. I desire that you may give the necessary directions by telegraph to the several military bureaus to supply such requisitions as I may make for the troops and for the defense of the city, the account to be settled by the city of Philadelphia, which has appropriated $500, 000 for the purpose, or to be accounts with the United States. I have also to request the loan of three field batteries, completely equipped excepting horses, and with the proper supply of munitions for the defense of the city, to be receipted for by the mayor of Philadelphia.

Respectfully, yours &amp;c.,

A. J. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding in Philadelphia.

------------

PROVIDENCE, R. I., June 17, 1863.

(Received 11. 20 p. m.)

E. M. STANTON:

Our Legislature meets to-morrow, to aid in raising troops, and their business will be facilitated by an immediate answer to the following questions: First. In case this State raises one or more regiments of six-

