
here should be sent north upon the track of the enemy, or to build forts and hold points, &amp;c., with as little delay as practicable. With that view, I would respectfully recommend the withdrawal of all the force in advance of Williamsburg to the line of Fort Magruder, to be ready to move at a moment's notice. I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

Major-General, Commanding Fourth Army Corps.

------------
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT. EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 162. Baltimore, Md., June 17, 1863.

* * * * * * * * *

IV. Major-General Milroy will proceed without delay, via Harrisburg and Bedford, or such other route as he may find expedient or necessary from Harrisburg, to put himself in communication with that body of cavalry and infantry of his division, who, under command of Colonel Galligher, were yesterday at Hancock, and are understood to have proceeded thence northward into Pennsylvania. He will take charge of these forces, reorganize them, and obtain supplies and ammunition as they may need, using them if opportunity presents, for offensive operations against any smaller or equal force of rebels now supposed to be at Chambersburg or in that neighborhood, or will conduct them to Harrisburg, reporting, as often as practicable, his movements to these headquarters; or, if found more expedient and advisable, after reaching the troops of which he will be in search, he may, if he can obtain the necessary supplies and ammunition, use them to observe, pursue, or interrupt the movements and operations of any rebel force at Cumberland or proceeding westward. In this case, he will, as soon as possible, by messengers or otherwise, put himself in communication with Brigadier-General Kelley, at New Creek. He will at Harrisburg confer with Major-General Couch, commanding the Department of the Susquehanna, in regard to his proposed movements and operations, but without delaying for this purpose at Harrisburg. Major-General Milroy and staff will be furnished transportation for their horses over such portions of the route as they may travel by railroad.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

A PROCLAMATION.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Trenton, N. J., June 17, 1863.

Jerseymen! the State of Pennsylvania is invaded! A hostile army is now occupying and despoiling the towns of our sister State. She appeals to New Jersey, through her Governor, to aid in driving back the invading army. Let us respond to this call upon our patriotic State with unprecedented zeal. I therefore call upon the citizens of this State to meet and organize into companies, and report to the adjutant-general of the States as

