
martialed for disobedience of orders. Private vehicles, sutlers' wagons, and all irregular transportation must be excluded entirely from the column. Each teamster must carry three days' forage for his team under the seat of his wagon. Animals must be grazed whenever opportunity occurs, and forage from the country when practicable. You will seize guides whenever necessary, to conduct your columns and post you in regard to roads. Topographical officers must make constant surveys and reconnaissances of the country, and send in information to the chief topographical officer. The general headquarters will be at Fairfax Court-House to-night. Telegraphic communication will be established to General Reylnolds' camp, near Guilford Station. The Twelfth Corps is at Leesburg; the Eleventh on Goose Creek, near Trappe Rock, 4 miles from Leesburg; the Fifth Corps, General Meade, at Gum Springs; cavalry in the vicinity of aldie; the Sixth Corps at Germantown; Second Corps at Sangster's Station. General Pleasonton engaged Fitzhugh Lee's brigade, of Stuart's cavalry, at Aldie yesterday, capturing 9 officers and 74 men.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., June 18, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

General TYLER:

What have you done for guarding the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad against the enemy from Harper's Ferry to Point of Rocks or the Monocacy? Report, if you can, as to train captured and destroyed by White's cavalry near Point of Rocks last night, and as to capture of Captain Means' cavalry company. Captain Woodhull must come to Baltimore by the first the Monocacy, and has gone to Pennsylvania to find and take charge of 3, 000 of his men, cavalry and infantry, who, with Colonel Galligher's Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, crossed at Hancock yesterday and went northward. Was Maulsby's battery lost at Martinsburg? Keep up your cavalry patrol constantly down to the mouth of the Monocacy. Heintzelman's people patrol below that point. It is important in view of Lee's possible movements.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS

Maryland Heights, Md., June 18, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

I have sent the main body of my cavalry down the railroad this morning. Means and Cole should have taken care of White yesterday. White has not over 200 men. No report from Means and Cole. I hear from the railroad agent at Sandy Hook that the loss was one engine and seventeen cars. I learn from others that the train was sacrificed by carelessness and bad management.

