
FORT MONROE, VA., June 6, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

A combined expedition sent from Yorktown by General Keyes ascended the Mattapony, 45 miles above West Point, to Walkerton, 23 miles from Richmond, and destroyed a large amount of property and stores. General Pickett's division is between White House and Newtown, headquarters at the latter. His whole force said to be 10, 000 men; probably exaggerated. I had at West Point less than 5, 000 men and only 200 cavalry. I have not force enough to take and hold the White House. I will telegraph you Monday or Tuesday.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General. (Copy to General Halleck.)
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 6, 1863-10. 10 p. m.

Major-General DIX:

Dispatch received. My operations here call for vigilance on the part of the enemy. I have a bridge across the river, and a portion of my force crossed. Pickett, from our information, was at Taylorsville last week. We do not think 10, 000 any great exaggeration of his strength. Two brigades left here yesterday noon by rail from Hamilton's Crossing. Hay's (Louisiana) brigade one of them. My operations will, perhaps, cause their return.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

-----------

SUFFOLK, June 6, 1863.

Major-General DIX:

General [S. G.] French is temporarily absent. General [M.] Jenkins has been made a major-general, and is in command on the Blackwater. A pontoon bridge has recently been places near Blackwater Bridge. The explanation is, that the bridge of logs was injured. Longstreet left his pontoon train on the river. Our pickets are fired upon frequently.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

----------
HEADQUARTERS, Chief Engineer of Defenses, Washington,June 6, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Department of Washington:

GENERAL: I inclose for your perusal a copy of a communication from Colonel B. S. Alexander, which require explanation. First. As to the obstructions on the roads near the forts. Believing that it would amount to little, and yet that there might possibly be points where a judicious commander might do something useful, I recommended, as I could not have a particular examination made in each case, that the commanding officers be directed to obstruct,

