
Captain Means, with his entire company of cavalry. I fear this destroys connection west of the Monocacy until reopened by a strong force. General Milroy and staff are returning form the Monocacy on the special train on which they went up last p. m.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

NEW CREEK, VA., June 18, 1863-11. 40 a. m.

(Copy received, War Department, 2. 25 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT:

Telegram of last night received. I have been making arrangements to repair track, and move on Cumberland to-night if I can obtain the necessary information concerning numbers, &amp;c., of the enemy. It is reported this morning that Imboden is supported by infantry. My scouts are out, but will return this morning. The Twenty-eighth Ohio and Keeper's battery arrived from Averell last night. Your order in regard to the gaps has been anticipated. The passes south of Grafton are guarded, and National road watched. I have sent a cavalry scout to Romney, to ascertain if any portion of Ewell's force is moving in that direction.

B. F. KELLEY.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA.,

June 18, 1863-9. 40 p. m.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY, New Creek:

On account of some unexplainable misunderstanding between the agents at Parkersburg and Grafton, enough transportation has not been sent to Parkersburg to move the Eleventh West Virginia yet.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Brigade.

HARRISBURG, June 18, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR, Washington: News from Chambersburg up to 9 this a. m. reported that the rebel cavalry went on toward Hagerstown from Greencastle last night.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

Baltimore, June 18, 1863-9. 20 a. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

General Milroy and staff have just left here by the Northern Central Railroad for Harrisburg, to proceed at once to find the wandering 3, 000 from Winchester who went north from Hancock yesterday. Will you please meet him at the depot on arrival of the train, and confer with him as to his best course to find and supply these men, and give him aid in doing it? They may then be made serviceable for the present for operations in Pennsylvania, offensive or defensive.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

