
BALTIMORE, June 18, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

The following dispatch from the Monocacy just received, from an officer commanding party of my scouts: I have been to hagerstown with detachments. No rebels this side. There are in Hagerstown about 100 cavalry. Quite a force of cavalry went north yesterday from there. Yesterday there were on this side of the river about 4, 000 infantry at from there. Yesterday there were on this side of the river about 4, 000 infantry at Williamsport, waiting marching orders. I returned last evening. I received your telegram last evening to report to Colonel Truex. He has gone to Harper's Ferry.

M. D. UPSON,

Second Lieutenant, Comdg. Detachment First Connecticut Cavalry.

SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding Eighth Corps.

June 18, 1863. To the Telegraph Operator at McConnellsburg:

General Milroy and staff have just arrived here. The general is exceedingly anxious to know the whereabouts of a force attached to his command which is known to have arrived at Hancock yesterday. They will probably move toward McConnellsburg or Bedford. Do you know anything about them? If not, send out scouts on all roads, and make inquiry. Let me have the first and best information on the subject. By order of Major-General Couch:

O. W. LEES,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.

Harrisburg, June 18, 1863.

(Received 9. 15 p. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Seventeen hundred of Milroy's men are at Bedford; said to be without arms. Milroy is here, and leaves them there. Two hundred of Mosby's men reported at Greenscastle. None north of that town.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 18, 1863.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg:

You should ascertain with certainty whether any of Milroy's men are at Bedford, and if they are, bring them to your camp and arm them, and place them on duty, or have than sent forward to General Schenck and restored to their duty. I do not understand your statement that "Milroy is here, and leaves them. " Please explain more distinctly, and also communicate to General Schenck.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

