
WASHINGTON, June 18, 1863-11. 40 a. m.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your telegram in respect to the One hundred and seventy-second Pennsylvania, * now at Yorktown, has been received. If that regiment will re-enlist for six months, its services will be accepted. Will you communicate with the regiment, and inform this Department of their determination?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PITTSBURGH, June 18, 1863.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: At several public meetings of citizens and the committee of safety, resolutions have been passed expressing a desire to have martial law declared here. Last night a committee, consisting of Mr. Thaw, Joseph Plummer, James Park, jr., Reuben Miller, jr., and myself, were appointed to request you to give Major-General Brooks authority to declare it. This is believed to be necessary to enable us to complete the fortifications now being erected, and to successfully defend the city. Let me, therefore, urge upon you the importance of promptly clothing the general with sufficient power. Respectfully, yours,

J. K. MOORHEAD,

Chairman of Committee.

WASHINGTON, June 18, 1863-10. 40 a. m.

Honorable J. K. MOORHEAD, Pittsburgh, Pa.:

If General Brooks, now in command at Pittsburgh, finds any person or persons injuriously affecting his military operations, he is authorized to arrest him or them at once, if the case is urgent. If not urgent, let him communicate the particulars to me. General Brooks is the man to now manage the matter at Pittsburgh. Please show this to him.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS, Pittsburgh, June 18, 1863.

(Received June 19, 12. 35 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I take pleasure in reporting that the people of this and adjoining city have responded most magnanimously to all my calls. They have subscribed liberally to advance money to pay the Departmental Corps. They have furnished men by thousands to make entrenchments. I have met with no opposition. I have not gotten troops as rapidly as desired, yet I think there will be no scarcity. There are, however, manu nervous men constantly besetting me to declare martial law. I consider the idea as unwise, unnecessary, and not to be thought of for an instant.

W. T. H. BROOKS,Major-General.

---------------

*See Curtin to Stanton, June 17, p. 187.

---------------

