
we cannot cross at Noland's and Hauling Fords? We think the enemy are in the Shenandoah Valley, Longstreet and A. P. Hill, one portion, perhaps, this side of the Blue Ridge. Ewell is reported in Maryland or Pennsylvania, but we cannot get any reliable or definite idea from there. The whole country, generals and all, seem struck with heavy stampede. If General Warren is at the mouth of the Monocacy, request him to report here by safe route through your corps. Do you hold Noland's and Hauling Fords? They are held by our cavalry on the opposite side.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH ARMY CORPS, Leesburg,June 19, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

I think the bridge should be built at Edwards Ferry to supply us. I have not force enough to keep the route to Vienna, or to hold many fords on the river in the country filled with guerrillas. Edwards Ferry is most accessible, and is covered by a strong redoubt on this side. Our supplies should be sent from Georgetown, by canal, to Edwards Ferry.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

June 19, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

General SLOCUM, Leesburg, via Poolesville:

Dispatch just received. Bridge will be at Edwards Ferry in the morning, leaving the Monocacy to-night. It is not to be laid until ordered from here. Two regiments, Ninety-fourth and Twentieth New York, under Colonel Root, ought to be at the Monocacy and fords to-night. Is your position a strong one, and how long can you hold it? How long are you supplied for? Telegraph all information you have.

DAN. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1863-11 a. m.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

Inclosed is a copy of a dispatch captured with Major Sterling, probably on the 17th, which we suppose did not reach you. Since this was written you have further information, and General Slocum has gone to Leesburg. General Meade will with this be ordered to Aldie; Birney to Gum Springs. You will note the information that may have been received by the enemy, if they got the dispatch when they captured Sterling. What do you know of his capture? As early as possible, establish communication with General Slocum. Howard

14 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

