
is at Trappe Rock crossing of Goose Creek. Noland's Ford is held, or should be, by McKee, and the mouth of the Monocacy. As soon as you know that McKee can come on and reach you by Leesburg, order him to join you. Of course you will only order him up when you are sure that he can do so without danger to his command. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Aldie, June 19, 1863.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG:

General: I am desired by General Buford to inform you that by some mismanagement the bridge over Goose Creek, by which Major Whiting proceeded to connect with you to-day, is burned, and that if the rain continues the creek will be hardly fordable for any one returning by that way. A staff officer was sent to Major Whiting this evening, but had to skirmish from the bridge to Mountville, and when he came toward New Lisbon he found the enemy in possession of the road in some force, in rear of Major Whiting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MYLES W. KEOGH,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 19, 1863-3. 15 p. m. (Received 6. 30 p. m.)

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

General: Your dispatch of 10 a. m. received. I heard from an orderly, who escaped, of the capture of Major Sterling, and judged he had something important, so I have acted carefully. I send an important dispatch with this to General Williams. The pass taken from Longstreet's infantry soldier is important, and, from the caution they are using to cover Upperville, I think they may attempt to mass their force there, and throw it through Thoroughfare Gap by night. Thoroughfare Gap and Leesburg are the two points it is necessary to make strong in connection with this at Aldie, then the mountain range will do the rest. My troops have fought beautifully to-day.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 19, 1863-4. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

Colonel Duffie is here, with 28 men and 4 officers; 32 all told. Your dispatch of 10. 20 a. m. is received. Orders have been given Colonel Duffie to take his regiment to Alexandria, procure horses, arms, and saddles for his dismounted men, organize the regiment

