
Headquarters army of the Potomac,

June 19, 1863-10 p. m.

Brigadier General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery:

The general desires that the officers of the Artillery Reserve and others conversant in such matters should go out on the road to Gainesville, Hay Market, and Gum Spring, and study positions for artillery. They should go in parties sufficiently strong to avoid capture. Perhaps you had better have a little conversation with the general in regard to it very early to-morrow a. m. He has retired for the night. I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 19, 1863.

(Received 3. 15 p. m.)

General M. C. MEIGS:

The loss of cavalry horses in battle and on scouts is already beginning to be heavy. Probably 500 have been thus lost within as many days. Our cavalry is doing splendid service, and must be kept well mounted at this juncture. I am sending out trains of forage to-day, with forges, blacksmiths, &c., to Aldie, where Pleasonton's headquarters are. Will you please order a good supply of horses? Three or four thousand should be kept on hand and well shod, ready for issue; though, if the newspapers are permitted to publish our position, neither generals nor horses will do us any good. See New York Herald of 18th.

RUFUS INGALLS,Brigadier-General, and Chief Quartermaster.

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Camp near Fairfax Court-House,

June 19, 1863.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

General: I have the honor of transmitting herewith a statement showing the number of officers and men, cavalry and artillery horses, and means of transportation with this army. It is compiled from the last reports received from the different commands, the date of which is noted. Some of the commands at the present time have less than the amount found in the statement, on account of troops being discharged from the service and their transportation turned in. Your attention is respectfully called to the reports of the First, Second, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps, which show the amount present on the 1st day of June. The number of officer and men may not be exactly correct, but the number of animals and wagons is reliable. By comparing the amount with the different corps, above named, it will be seen that the Eleventh Corps is more liberally supplied with transportation than any other corps in the army. I inclose

