
BALTIMORE, MD., June 19, 1863.

(Copy received, War Department, 10. 45 p. m.)

General Butterfield, Chief of Staff:

I have the forts garrisoned. Have one regiment outside, and expect two more by Sunday. Maryland Heights and Harper's Ferry are held behind strong works by nearly 7, 000 men, under General Tyler. Of other troops, I have west of Cumberland, on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and at and below New Creek, under command of General Averell, part of which remains at Grafton, with a cavalry force at Beverly guarding the mountain passes. Of General Averell's brigade, two are regiments of mounted riflemen and one regiment of cavalry. General Scammon, on the Kanawha, has about 4, 000 troops of all arms. At Bedford, in Pennsylvania, is a portion of Milroy's command, escaped from Winchester; 600 cavalry and 1, 500 infantry, much demoralized.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS, June 19, 1863-1. 10 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Major-General Commanding:

Three intelligent men deserted from the Eleventh Tennessee Regiment* last night at Sharpsburg. They report the force there at about 8, 000, of Ewell's corps, which crossed the Rappahannock 25, 000 strong. The men last night were ordered to prepare three day's rations, to move this morning, as they were told, on Harper's Ferry of Frederick City. One of the men was very intelligent, tired of war, and wants to go home.

DAN. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

Baltimore, MD., June 19, 1863.

(Received 2. 20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following just received from Bedford, Pa.: General Milroy has not arrived at this point. I am in command of the forces, and I am just in receipt of a telegram from McConnellsburg, 30 miles from this place, that the advance guard of the rebel forces passed that point this morning at 3 o'clock. Should General Milroy not arrive, and no orders to the contrary, I will advance to Bloody Run to-night, and give them battle with my forces here, some 600 cavalry, 1, 200 infantry, and one regiment of mounted infantry.

JAMES A. GALLIGHER,

Colonel, Commanding Forces.

ROBT. C. SCHENECK,

Major-General.

(Same to Couch.)

---------------

*This regiment was in Tennessee at this date.

---------------

