
Learning from your dispatch that protection would be afforded our men in the work, we sent an engine and the proper hands for the purpose, and the injured engine tender and one car have been removed, and the track repaired. We must report, however, that our advises show that your cavalry protection only remained in striking distance some few minutes. One track of the road is now sufficiently clear to be worked, and the remainder of the wreck will be removed to-morrow, if it is safe to do so without the risk of losing additional engines and cars so employed. Permit me to correct an error in your dispatch, expressed in the following words: All these trains could have got off safely, but they divided the risk, and lost one out of three. You have been misinformed, inasmuch as the lost train was late at Harper's Ferry, only to have its cars unloaded, and instead of the case being as you suppose, the probability, if not the certainty, is, that had we kept the other trains until this was ready, we should have lost them all.

W. P. SMITH.

GRAFTON, W. Va., [June] 19, 1863.

Major-General BROOKS:

Beverly reports all quiet. No news from other points. Guess the raid is played out.

WM. W. AVERELL.

Maryland HEIGHTS, MD., June 19, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore, Md.:

We require six 24-pounder howitzers, with carriages only, for our batteries. They are important; absolutely necessary in case we are attacked. I telegraphed General Ripley last evening. Will you press the matter?

DAN. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

Baltimore, June 19, 1863-7. 50 p. m.

Brigadier-General Tyler, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

General Ripley telegraphs from Washington that he will send you four howitzers as soon as some slight alteration can be made in the carriages.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

New Creek, June 19, 1863.

(Received, Grafton, June 20, -a. m.)

General AVERELL:

You say you have four guns. What guns are they? If they belong to Ewing's battery, they should be sent back to Beverly.

