
Green Spring. Could hear of no force approaching from Winchester road, and telegraph reported to Cumberland. Strong cavalry scouts gone to Cumberland. Am pushing forward the works here as rapidly as possible, and in a few days will be in a condition to repel double my number.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NEW CREEK, W. VA., June 19, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel PIATT,

Chief of Staff, Baltimore:

Officer commanding cavalry detachment sent yesterday to Cumberland reported that enemy had retreated; that he occupied the town last night, and that he would cross the river and reconnoiter as far as Frankfort, and probably Springfield. I sent this morning First [West] Virginia and Second Maryland [P. H. B.] Regiments, with two guns to Cumberland, as the rebels threatened the citizens to return to-day. I have sent a scouting party to Romney, but am unable to pursue enemy for want of cavalry. Averell's cavalry not arrived, and will not arrive for two or three days.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Harrisburg, June 19, 1863-9 p. m.

Major-General MILROY, Bedford, or Bloody Run:

Eight thousand mounted rebels at Hagerstown last night. Prepare to meet them.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

Harrisburg, June 19, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The One hundred and seventy-second Pennsylvania, drafted men, have unanimously signified their willingness to re-enlist for six months for service in this military department. Will you please order their re-enlistment at Yorktown and transportation to this place immediately, to report to General Couch?

A. G. CURTIN.

MADISON, WIS., June 19, 1863.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Upon my return to the State from the South, I find your dispatch of the 15th. We have no military force organized, and could not raise and forward any troops in time to be of service under your call. If you desire, I will proceed to organize a force of six-months' volunteers. The force now here being absolute [sic] 300 men is not

