
sufficient to sustain the officer in the enrollment. One enrolling officer has been killed already. The six-months' men ought to be used to advantage here.

E. SALOMON,

Governor.

General ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,

Numbers 3. June 19, 1863.

The fortification erected by the citizens of this department, on the south side of the Susquehanna River, directly opposite Harrisburg, will be know as Fort Washington. The commanding general tenders his thanks to the gentlemen who superintended, and to the men who labored so faithfully on this work, for the energy they have displayed in fortifying the capital of their State. By command of Major General D. N. Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and A. A. A. G.
HDQRS. TWELFTH CORPS, June 20, 1863-4 a. m.

(Received, War Department, 8 a. m.)

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

My command occupies three redoubts, constructed by the enemy. I consider the position a strong one, and am making it still stronger. One of the redoubts cover the approaches to Edwards Ferry. Sup plies for two or three corps could be sent by canal to Edwards Ferry. A bridge at that point would be valuable for obtaining our supplies, in case of a movement of this wing of the army across the Potomac. The passage of the trains would be covered by the works at this place. I have heard a rumor that Ewell was near Winchester with his corps. I have not given you any rumors, because I do not regard them as reliable. White, with a small force of cavalry, encamped about 5 miles from here last evening. Three of my command, sentenced to death for desertion, were executed at 1 p. m. yesterday.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, June 20, 1863-7 a. m.

(Received 12. 10 p. m.)

General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

General: The despatch of Major Barstow, of 4. 15 p. m. yesterday, is received. There are some 10 officers and 60 or 70 men of Duffie's returned here, and they are gradually coming in. I shall forward his report during the day. Longstreet's corps has not passed through either Middleburg or Union. I am holding both of these points with three brigades, and some 2 miles beyond. Stuart is just in front, and has called up Hampton's Legion and Fitzhugh Lee from Warrenton. Some infantry soldiers with knapsacks on were found on the field yesterday. These belong to Garnett's and Pickett's divisions. The gaps in the Blue Ridge are guarded, and from their signal station they can see

