
every man we can bring against them. I judge Longstreet has the covering of the gaps, and is moving up his force as the rebel army advances toward the Potomac. One of Duffie's men, who was paroled, has come in, and states there is a considerable force of infantry behind Stuart's cavalry and in front of Upperville. I have been attacking Stuart to make him keep his people together, so that they cannot scout and find out anything about our forces. Their cavalry force is very numerous; a great deal of it mounted infantry. Lee is playing his old game of covering the gaps and moving his forces up the Shenandoah Valley. Chester Gap has been the gap they passed through. The infantry on this side is simply to assist Stuart. We cannot force the gaps of the Blue Ridge in the presence of a superior force. Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EDWARDS FERRY, June 20, 1863-9 a. m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Near Navy-Yard:

The river here is nearly 1, 500 feet wide, and we have not sufficient material to span it. Please send immediately fifteen boats, completely furnished; also about 50 extra chesses, and some extra lashings in coils, uncut. The construction of the bridge is not yet ordered. Major Brainerd and myself are just starting for Washington, as required by your order of last evening.

I. SPAULDING,

Major of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Guilford Station, Va.,June 20, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD:

General:

General Hooker wishes to know if you have sent any train back to Vienna for supplies. General Meade has gone to Aldie. General Birney is at Gum Springs. I was ordered up to Goose Creek last night, but the order was countermanded. I have the honor to be, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding First Army Corps.

Per WM. H. WILLCOX, Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 20, 1863-10. 10 a. m.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK, Commanding Second Corps, Centreville:

The commanding general directs that you march with your corps to-day, and take possession of Thoroughfare Gap, leaving one division at Gainesville. The Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry will accompany your command. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

