HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 20, 1863-10. 10 a. m.

JOHN C. BABCOCK, Frederick, Md.:

Employ and send persons on to the heights of South Mountain, to overlook the valley beyond, and see if the enemy have camps there. Direct them to avoid the roads, and employ only such persons as can look upon a body of armed men without being frightened out of their senses. Tell me whether it is infantry, cavalry or artillery they have seen. If they take a position in the forest, they can even count them, as they pass on the road, with impunity. Send me no information but that which you know to be authentic. It is necessary for me to know if the enemy has any considerable number of his forces on the north side of the Potomac. Be vigilant and active. Use money, and it shall be returned to you. JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 20, 1863-11. 10 a. m.

Major-General STAHEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send out a force of cavalry, to go, via Manassas Bristoe, Catlett's, and Dumfries, returning by Wolf Run Shoals; another, via Brentsville, Howison's Ford, and Greenwood, returning by Wolf Run Shoals. Five hundred men in all will answer the purpose; 200 men in the inner column, 300 in the outer. They may pick up information. Scouts or parties of the enemy's cavalry were reported at Stafford Court-Hose. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS STAHEL'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Fairfax Court-House, Va.,June 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, and A. A. G., Dept. of Washington:

In accordance with orders received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have withdrawn everything, and concentrated forces at Fairfax Court-House, broken up my camps, sent all the surplus property and quartermaster's stores to Fairfax Station, turned in all the sick horses to Washington, so that as soon as the detachment returns from Washington with new horses, and I have distributed the Burnside carbines, in place of Merrill carbines, to the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, which I am doing now, my command is ready to march, provided with eight days' rations from to-day. Up to this time I have received no further orders as to when or where I am to march. As soon as my order is received by me, I will inform you of it at once. As far as I am informed at headquarters Army of the Potomac, there is one corps besides the cavalry of General Pleasonton at Aldie, and one is to take possession of Thoroughfare Gap. General Pleas-

15 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

