
entire corps against the enemy's cavalry. Major-General Meade will be instructed to detach two brigades of infantry from his corps to support this movement, to march at 3 a. m. to-morrow. The commanding general is very anxious that you should ascertain, at the earliest possible moment, where the main body of the enemy's infantry are to e found at the present time, especially A. P. Hill's corps. The commanding general thinks you cannot have more than 4, 000 of the enemy's cavalry in your vicinity, and he suggests that you make your attack in front with a very small force, and turn the enemy's position with your main body. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

June 20, 1863-5. 20 p. m.

Captain TURNBULL,

Commanding Engineers, Edwards Ferry:

Lay one bridge at Edwards Ferry. Upon receipt of this, communicate to General Slocum, at Leesburg, your orders. Having laid one bridge, send boats and force enough for bridging Goose Creek, near Leesburg, and Alexandria pike, say about 75 feet wide. Acknowledge.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

FREDERICK, MD., June 20, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

Colonel G. H. SHARPE,

Provost-Marshal, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

Signal corps just driven in, and are flying through the town. Report that the rebels are advancing. I suppose I must go, too. If I have to leave, I will go to Monocacy, and return here when I can. It is only a raid, and may prove beneficial to me, as I can learn much on returning after they have left.

BABCOCK.

EDWARDS FERRY, June 20, 1863-7. 20 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Telegram just received. Will commence laying bridge just as soon as possible. It will probably take all night to get all the boats into the river. I was ordered here with 60 boats-1, 200 feet of bridge. I brought 65 boats. I found on measuring the river the width is 1, 400 feet, if not over, and immediately telegraphed to General Benham for more boats. Since morning the river has risen 2 feet. General Benham has telegraphed me he would send the extra boats at once. They cannot reach here before to-morrow evening. Will go ahead and do the best I can.

CHAS. N. TURNBULL,

Captain of Engineers, Commanding.

