HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Aldie,June 20, 1863-7. 40 p. m.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: I am directed to say that General Hooker thinks the Eighth Pennsylvania cannot be spared at present. The general commanding has information, which he considers reliable, that all of the citizens of Middleburg belong to or are implicated with Mosby, and, therefore, directs that you have all the men arrested and sent down to him, and that you give direction that the women be not allowed to leave their premises during our occupation. He also directs that you give orders that all houses along the line of march in the future be searched by the proper authority for concealed soldiers. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

June 20, 1863-9. 20 p. m.

Captain TURNBULL,

Commanding Engineers, Edwards Ferry:

What is the width of river at Noland's Ford and Hauling Ford? What suitable points for a bridge between Edwards Ferry and Noland's Ford, with proper roads and approaches on both sides? If 1, 400 feet, general does not want bridge laid yet at Edwards Ferry.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]-Is rive rising or falling now?
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 20, 1863.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

Brigadier-General Pleasonton, commanding Cavalry Corps, will move with his entire command against the enemys' cavalry tomorrow morning. The commanding general directs that you detach two brigades of infantry from your corps to support this movement; the brigades to be in readiness to march at 3 a. m. to-morrow, and, for the time being, to be under the orders of General Pleasonton, to whom they will be reported to-night. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, June 20, 1863-11. 15 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: A division of infantry will leave at 2 o'clock in the morning to join you, to support an attack by my whole force upon the enemy in your front. The infantry had best pass to the left of Middleburg, and operate by the left, occupying the stone fences and woods.

