
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 20, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

J. A. WRIGHT and THOMAS A. SCOTT, Harrisburg:

Any authority that General Couch may apply for, consistent with the law, will be given him upon his representation that it is necessary for the service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Harrisburg, June 20, 1863.

(Received 11. 25 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

If you mean consistent with the law of Pennsylvania, it will do. The New York troops having been received in accordance with State laws, renders it necessary to do likewise here, or lose a large portion of the troops now assembled. If forces are needed for an emergency, of which you are the judge, then, in our opinion, prompt action is necessary, as indicated in former message.

J. A. WRIGHT.

THOMAS A SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 20, 1863-12. 25 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg:

Your instructions have been designed to give you full, ample, and discretionary power in respect to everything relating to the troops that may be offered. You will so regard them. All mustering and other officers of the Government in your department are subject to your direction. You will so instruct them, and, if they disobey, suspend them, and assign the duty to some one else. The instructions given by Major [Thomas M.] Vincent to Captain [Richard I.] Doge yesterday were without my knowledge or authority, and are revoked. You will so direct him. Acknowledge this, and say if it is sufficient for your purpose.

EDWIN M STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 20, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

J. A. WRIGHT AND THOMAS A. SCOTT, Harrisburg:

I cannot conceive wherein General Couch requires more ample authority than has been conferred upon him. If he or he Governor of Pennsylvania requires anything further, there is nothing to prevent their asking for it, and explaining what they want. You profess to be acting without their knowledge. How can the Department know that what you ask is wanted by them? Until some request is made by them or by their authority, it is improper for this Department to make any change of regulation beyond what has already been done at their request.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

