
ton, and send out parties to examine Waterloo, Sulphur Springs, Beverly Ford, and Rappahannock Station, and drive beyond those points any of the enemy's forces you may fall in with. It is reported that they have a brigade at Warrenton. If this should be the case, the general directs that you attack, destroy, capture, or disperse it. He further requests that you will make every effort to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy's forces, and particularly of the corps commanded by A. P. Hill. It is important to ascertain whether or not they have passed up the Shenandoah Valley. He also desires that you will ascertain whether the enemy have made any attempt to repair the railroad bridge at Rappahannock Station. We have a division of infantry at Bristoe Station, a division at Gainesville, and two divisions at Thoroughfare Gap. Stuart, with the bulk of his cavalry, is reported to have been in the rear of Middleburg yesterday, and Pleasonton will attack him in full force to-day. The general further requests that you will communicate with him as often as you may have intelligence of value to furnish him. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 21, 1863.

(Received, War Department, 10. 20 a. m.)

General DANIEL TYLER, Sandy Hook:

Our cavalry attack Stuart in the vicinity of Aldie this morning You will probably hear the firing.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 21, 1863-10. 40 a. m.

General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

I have telegraphed General Tyler to know what cavalry he has, where they are, and what they are doing. I get no reply. Can you inform me?

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Baltimore, June 21, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

General Tyler has a very small force of cavalry. Not receiving a report from him as to the number which may have escaped from Winchester, I cannot say precisely what cavalry force he has now; not, however, more than four companies. These are on Maryland Heights, and are used as scouts.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

