
POINT OF ROCKS, MD., June 21, 1863-12. 05 p. m.

General HOOKER,

and Colonel A. J. Myer, Washington:

The following message has just been received from Maryland Heights: Enemy has large encampment on Maryland side, about 10 miles above here. No force in Charleston. Heavy firing in the direction of Manassas.

DANIELS,

Captain.

Lieutenant White and horse alone captured of Briggs' party. Enemy reported in force in Frederick.

[W. J. L.] NICODEMUS,

Captain.

THOROUGHFARE GAP, VA., June 21, 1863-1. 45 p. m.

General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I am well established here in a strong position. No sign of the enemy in front of the Gap. There is, however, a report that my cavalry pickets near New Baltimore have been driven in by about a regiment of cavalry. Two cavalrymen, reporting themselves as being cut off, brought the information. I have not yet seen them, though they have reported to some of my command. I think you need have no fears of this position. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

GAINESVILLE, [June 21, 1863] - 3. 30 p. m.

[General BUTTERFIELD?]:

The detachment of cavalry of the Eight Pennsylvania were ambushed about 6 miles from here. Loss, nearly 30.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

Headquarters TWELFTH CORPS, Leesburg, Va.,

June 21, 1863-5 p. m.

General D. BUTTERFIELD:

A contraband has just come in, who states that he belongs to Colonel Green, of Jefferson County; that Green has been serving under Stuart, but is now in arrest. The negro brought Colonel Green's horse. Says he came through Snickersville; that the rebels have a force at Snicker's Gap, and are putting up works there. He saw the men digging. He says Generals Hood, Anderson, and Jones were there. He left the turnpike, and came through Union. There is one regiment of infantry and two or three of cavalry at that place. He says the rebels said Ewell was in Pennsylvania. The enemy get plenty of supplies at Snickersville

from the adjoining country.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

