
diately occupied the town, and are there now. The force to defend the railroad bridge here is insufficient, and an attempt to destroy it may be made to-night.

J. C. B. [BABCOCK.]

LEESBURG, VA., June 21, 1863.

(Copy received, War Department, 8. 23 p. m.)

Major-General Butterfield, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

A deserter from Pickett's division, Longstreet's corps, came in this evening. Longstreet's corps in near Snicker's Gap. McLaws' division is at Ashby's Gap. He says the rebel soldiers think Ewell's corps is in Maryland, and that Hill's corps is in rear of Longstreet's, but is to follow on; that the whole army is to go into Maryland.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

Headquarters Twelfth Corps, Leesburg, Va.,

June 21, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I can use more artillery in the works at this place than I now have. I think more is necessary for a strong defense. If some of the reserve could be sent here, it could be moved without delay across the river, or wherever needed. I think the holding of this position secures to us all the fords below us, including Edwards Ferry, and that the place should be held at all hazards.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

SANDY HOOK, June 21, 1863-8 p. m.

(Copy received, War Department 9. 40 p. m.)

Major-Generals HOOKER and SCHENCK:

The following just received from signal officer:

SIGNAL STATION, June 21, 1863-7 p. m.

SIR: In front of the camp, this side of Sharpsburg, about three regiments, as near as I can judge, have stacked arms in line, and are standing by them in line. Teams are all hitched up as far as I can see. More than usual smoke is rising in all their camps. I can see the camp quite plain, and they appear larger than at noon. A great stir is visible among them.

DAN. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS, MD., June 21, 1863-9. 40 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER and SCHENCK:

Copy of signal officer's report just made:

The enemy's cavalry are driving off cattle across the river opposite or west of here. I can see an encampment at or near Kearneysville. Smoke is rising in that

