
vicinity. A line of smoke is rising across and near the river about 5 miles above here. Large fires are being made at the camps you saw to-day near Sharpsburg. A small camp can also be seen about 5 miles south and east of Point of Rocks, on this side of Catoctin Ridge. Two signal officers were captured at South Mountain yesterday.

DAN. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

BUCKLAND MILLS, June 21, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I arrived here at dark. My advance is half way from here to New Baltimore. I have reports that Hampton's brigade is at New Baltimore, of which I am certain; also reported that infantry and artillery are there. I have scouting parties out in all directions. I will attack the enemy to-morrow morning. Please inform me whether my scouting party has returned from Dumfries and Brentsville. I would beg to be informed how the fight of to-day resulted. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.

Headquarters INSPECTOR OF ARTILLERY, Washington,

June 21, 1863-9. 55 a. m.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

There are no field batteries here now which can be sent to you, nor are there any field guns at the Washington Arsenal for issue. I understand that General Couch has sent word that he has no use for four batteries of field guns which were sent to Harrisburg a few days ago. You can probably get them by applying to General Couch.

WILLIAM F. BARBY,

Brigadier-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, Sunday,

June 21, 1863-10. 10 a. m.

Major-General Schenck, Baltimore, Md.:

Will send from Fort Monroe by steamboat to-morrow morning four 20-pounder Parrotts and three 12-pounder Napoleons-all we can do.

J. H. ALEXANDER.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, June 21, 1863-10. 40 a. m.

Major LAIDLEY, U. S. Arsenal, Bridesburg, Pa.:

Issue no first-class arms on General Couch's requisitions until all the second and third class arms are exhausted.

J. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Ordnanee.

