
BALTIMORE, June 21, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General COUCH:

I will look after and guard as far as possible the Northern Central Railroad up to the Pennsylvania line. I have now two companies of the One hundred and seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry on that road, and this evening I send four companies of Maryland infantry. They will be stationed at the Relay House, Cockeysville, Gunpowder, Phoenix, and Parkton. An engineer officer goes at the same time to superintend the building of block-houses and palisade defenses of bridges by the troops and railroad operatives.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

Baltimore, June 21, 1863-10, 30 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

To-day, after receiving your telegram on the subject, I telegraphed General Halleck as follows: Please advise as to General Milroy, who is now engaged at Bedford or that neighborhood, in General Couch's department. General Couch telegraphs me that he cannot be relieved at present unless ordered from Washington.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

To this dispatch General Halleck has replied in these terms:

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 21, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

I have no advice to give you in relation to General Milroy other than the orders you have already received.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

You will see, therefore, that no suspension of the order in the case of Major-General Milroy is allowed, but that, being in your department, you are to place him at once in arrest. The members of his staff you will, by the same authority from the War Department, send here, that they may go to report for duty to General Tyler at Harper's Ferry.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

Baltimore, MD., June 21, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major HENRY B. JUDD, U. S. Army, Wilmington, Del.:

You will have the other five companies of the Fifth Delaware sent as soon as possible to relieve two companies of the Fifth New York Artillery, guarding the railroad from Perryville to Baltimore. The train that brings on the Fifth Delaware can bring the Fifth New York here. By order of Major-General Schenck:

DONN PIATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

