HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, June 22, 1863.

General O. O. HOWARD:

Pleasonton, as I wrote you yesterday, drove the enemy's cavalry through Ashby's Gap. He has returned this morning, and informs me that the Confederate army are in the Valley of the Shenandoah, about Winchester and Martinsburg; Lee and Longstreet at Winchester. A. P. Hill is coming up through the Valley to join them. This is the substance of the news as given by Pleasonton. He was yesterday opposed only by a brigade of cavalry and one battery, but the character of the country was so favorable for defense that it took him all day with his large force to drive them back some 12 miles. I came near catching our friend Mosby this morning. I had reliable intelligence of his expected passing a place about 4 miles from here at sunrise. I sent 40 mounted men (all I have) and 100 infantry, who succeeded in posting themselves in ambush at the designated spot. Sure enough, Mr. Mosby, together with 30 of his followers, made their appearance about sunrise, but, I regret to say, their exit also, from what I can learn, through the fault both of foot and horse. It appears Mosby saw the cavalry, and immediately charged them. They ran (that is, my horses) toward the infantry, posted behind a fence. The infantry, instead of rising and deliberately delivering their fire, fired lying on the ground; did not hit a rebel, who immediately scattered and dispersed, and thus the prettiest chance in the world to dispose of Mr. Mosby was lost. Truly, yours,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[P. S.]-I don't know what we are going to do. I have had no communication from headquarters for three days.

June 22, 1863-12 noon.

Major-General STAHEL:

Yours of 10. 30 p. m., 21st, just received. General Pleasonton was very successful yesterday, indeed. The operator, with this, will furnish you an account of his operations. You will not be likely to find any enemy at New Baltimore, as they will probably be called up to assist Stuart. Your scouting party rest at Centreville to-day, having marched 30 miles yesterday. The general was not aware that took your wagons with you, and thinks you had better return them

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 22, 1863-12. 40 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK, Thoroughfare Gap:

General Stahel with his command attacks the enemy at New Baltimore to-day. There cannot be much danger to your command or rear while he is there in such force as he is. The operator, with this, will send you the account of General Pleasonton's success yesterday.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

