
on the Upper Potomac, I would request permission to relieve Captain McKee by a regularly organized force, but would respectfully suggest that some of the cavalry which is in Washington may be put upon that duty. In conclusion, I would most respectfully and earnestly request that my force may be augmented by some regiments drawn from other commands, at least until I shall have been able to scatter or destroy the enemy's cavalry, which now so largely outnumbers me. I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 22, 1863.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of an examination made yesterday, in obedience to verbal orders from the major-general commanding, of the line of the Occoquan, from Occoquan Mills to Wolf Run Shoals: The river from Union Mills to Colchester is guarded by the Twelfth, Thirteenth, and Fourteenth Regiments Vermont Volunteers, with one battery of Connecticut artillery (four James rifled brass guns, two 12-pounder howitzers). The Twelfth and Fourteenth, with the battery, are encamped on the road leading from Wolf Run Shoals to Fairfax Station, about 1 1/2 miles from the river. The Thirteenth has its camp on the Telegraph road, about a mile from Occoquan Mills. The Twelfth came on to the line yesterday, but, even with this addition, the force is too small to guard so long a line, if the enemy in any force should try to cross it. It was reported to me that a working party is now engaged in felling timber as abatis along the river. If this is thoroughly done, and continued down the river to Occoquan Mills, it will add materially to the strength of the line. At Wolf Run Shoals there are quite extensive entrenchments, which should be occupied by a force of at least five companies and a section or more of artillery. At Sallie Davis' Ford there is a redoubt, at present unoccupied, on the enemy's side of the river, pierced for three guns and commanding the ford. On our side, there is a short line of rifle-pits close to the river and crossing the ford. There should be a line of rifle-pits dug along the crest of the hill, where the picket reserve is now posted, and the force at this point should not be less than two companies. At Selecman's Ford two short lines of rifle-pits should be dug, one where the picket in front of the ford is posted, and the other above the ford and partially flanking it. At the present stage of water, the river can be crossed at almost any point by small parties of footmen, but, if the line is well abatied, and the force at the various fords strengthened, it will be reasonably safe. A few companies of cavalry, to scout along the line on both sides of the river, would add to the strength. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. PLATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Judge-Advocate.

