
[Indorsements.]

Headquarters Army of the Potomac,

Camp near Fairfax Court-House, June 22, 1863.

Official copy, respectfully furnished for the information of Major-General Heintzelman.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, June 24, 1863.

Respectfully returned. The weakness of line of the Occoquan is well known at these headquarters, and the necessary measures, so far as practicable, have long since been taken to remedy it. The position of the troops in this department is already known at these headquarters.

S . P. HEINTZELMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

POINT OF ROCKS, June 22, 1863.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel of Signal Corps:

I have just returned. Was within 3 miles of Middletown. There is no camp at that place. I saw in all only 50 or 75 of the enemy's cavalry; about 20 left Middletown, taking the road to Frederick at 4. 45 a. m. Saw a few horses tied in the timber near Middletown. No force at Point of Rocks. Cavalry left at 9 a. m. for Harper's Ferry. I leave for the mouth of the Monocacy, by order of Captain Nicodemus.

BRIGGS,

Chief, Signal Corps.

Headquarters Department of Washington, June 22, 1863-11. 50 a. m.

Brigadier-General ABERCROMBIE,

Commanding Division, Centreville:

The major-general commanding desires that you comply with the orders of General Hooker, reporting them afterward to these headquarters. The two Maine regiments will leave on their expiration of service. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

Headquarters Department of Washington, Washington,

June 22, 1863-11. 15 a. m.

General SLOUGH, Military Governor of Alexandria:

Your suggestions with regard to the disposal of the disloyal people of Alexandria have been forwarded to the War Department, approved. As soon as approved there, the orders will be issued. The man Smith should be retained, and sent south with them. By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Assistant Adjutant-General.

