HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, Harrisburg, Pa.,June 22, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: This will be delivered to you by Colonel [Thomas A.] Scott. Governor Curtin, I understand, communicates to you through this gentleman. As regards New Jersey troops, the Governor of that State having offered militia, under certain conditions, it will require your order authorizing them to report here, to enable me to give them transportation, subsistence, &amp;c. In case the rebels advance in large force, I believe from my present knowledge of the Susquehanna that we can prevent them crossing from its junction with the Juniata to the Maryland line. You will readily understand what kind of a force I have, when a few regiment, with a sprinkling of nine-months' men in them, are the veterans. The New York troops look very well, but are without much confidence in themselves. My little artillery is all raw; my cavalry the same. I now have, two New York regiments, 800 men, at Carlisle; one Pennsylvania regiment near Gettysburg, to harass the enemy, and, if possible, to hold the mountains there. I speak of the quality and condition of my troops, in order that you may not wonder why I do not boldly face them against the rebels in the Cumberland Valley. Milroy is at Bedford and vicinity, with perhaps 2, 800 of his old force and 1, 000 Pennsylvania militia. He there serves as a threat to any advance in this direction from Chambersburg, besides holding the country. Of course, I would like some old regiments, batteries, &c., but you know if they can be spared from other points. In case Hooker advances, no doubt I might move in co-operation with him and Schenck. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 22, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General COUCH:

Do you need any more staff officers? The Department desires to afford you every assistance within its means.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Harrisburg, PA., June 22, 1863.

(Received 11. 10 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Adjutant-General Sprague, of New York, has ordered 13, 000 men forward, and asks if more are need. Of this the War Department must be the judge. New York troops come for thirty days. D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

