
WHEELING, W. VA., June 22, 1863.

(Received 10. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I took the oath of office on Saturday. Governor Peirpoint left here the same evening. He said to me he had dispatch you that there were not more than 6, 000 militia under control of the State authorities. I do not think there are so many. Could not the number be reduced? Our people are anxious to do what they can. Is the manner of raising the men left to the State Executive? How soon are they expected to be ready for service? Please make a full statement or order, as I am just in office. My predecessor is gone, and I have see nothing but the proclamation. I will do all I can.

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 22, 1863.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER, Fort Monroe, Va.:

General Foster will send the troops he can spare to Fort Monroe, to report here be telegraph for further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PAMPLICO, Washington, N. C.,June 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel: I have received the dispatch by the John Farrow, and will attend to getting the force ready. It appears to me that a company should be left on the south side of the river, to save the work there, from guerrillas, also two companies at Rodman's and two at Hill's Point. I can move my command in three hours, unless some delay in getting companies from Hill's Point and Rodman's should occur, which I do not apprehend consequently I shall not make known, excepting to one or two confidants, that I am looking to any preparation. The two days' rations can be cooked in three hours. The guns are mounted on Fort McKibbin, and the ammunition in, but I learn to-day that there is no ammunition here for the rifled siege guns. Should be glad if it could be sent without further formality. The other fort has been put back slightly by a fall of part of the work, by digging the magazine incautiously. Colonel [Joseph] Jack and his regiment manifest by their interest in it, as appears to me, that they are to fix the name to it as Colonel McKibbin did. The colonel asked as a favor that I would permit 50 volunteers to work there on Sunday, under his direction, repairing the break, &amp;c. I regret that your visit is deferred; still more the cause. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

