
DISTRICT OF ALBEMARLE, Plymouth, June 22, 1863.

[Major General J. G. FOSTER:]

GENERAL:

Yours of yesterday is received. It is exceedingly difficult to keep my movements secret, but I shall make every effort. The enemy is pretty strong at Hamilton, and very vigilant. I cannot get the exact force, but they have one regiment and part of another near Williamson, a company of infantry and one of cavalry, advanced toward Jamesville. They are scouting Bertie [County], and hanging about Windsor, for the purpose of getting conscripts. These are hiding in the woods and gradually escaping. Ten or a dozen came in this morning, and others wish to do so. Their regiments are very full. A field battery is somewhere in the region of Colerain, perhaps three guns.

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 23, 1863-12. 15 a. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff:

Cline and party left here on the 17th, in direction of Warrenton. Finding Hampton's brigade in that neighborhood, turned in direction of hay Market, near which again stopped by enemy, and turned to right, until they met Colonel Devin. Went thence to General Pleasonton; after consulting with him, to Middleburg, with Gregg's advance. During fight between Gregg and enemy, under confusion, they went in direction of Rectortown; found no enemy; thence to Piedmont; found two regiments of infantry, said to belong to Longstreet. Having cleared position of enemy's skirmishers, returned to report to Gregg yesterday. They reached to within 1 mile of Salem; learned that there was a small force of cavalry there; also, at White Plains. The line of the enemy's infantry begins between Piedmont and Rectortown, and runs thence toward Front Royal, where there is considerable force. Divisions of Pickett and Hood lying in rear of Snicker's Gap, in position to defend it. Three companies of infantry at Millwood, opposite Ashby's Gap, and the rest of Longstreet's corps between Front Royal and Winchester. As regards the enemy's movements, they heard that Ewell was establishing a line, so as to draw stores from Maryland and Pennsylvania. Learned from a Confederate soldier, disabled in a house, that A. P. Hill was also in the Valley.

G. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

(Copy to General Hooker.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 23, 1863-7. 03 a. m.

Major-General SLOCUM, Leesburg:

Please ascertain and report as early as practicable if Noland's Ford can be used for the passage of the infantry, artillery, and trains of your corps.

HOOKER,Major-General.

