HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 23, 1863-5 p. m.

General J. STAHEL, Gainesville:

Your dispatch just received. You have doubtless ere this received General Butterfield's telegram directing you to return with your command at once to Fairfax Court-House; also mine in reference to your allowance of transportation, and giving the quantity of forage to be carried in the wagons. General Butterfield has received your dispatch. The 300 men of the First Michigan Regiment will join you here.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GAINESVILLE, June 23, 1863.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

I have been ordered to return to Fairfax with my whole command. As I have already stated to you, this order renders it impossible for me to comply with your request to leave you 200 men. I regret not being able to accommodate you. The man taken, and whom you alluded to in your dispatch, has returned. He was taken inside the infantry picket line. I am just about starting for Fairfax Court-House. Respectfully,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 23, 1863.

(Received 7 p. m.)

General HANCOCK:

You should have been informed that Stahel's command were ordered in. They are now at Gainesville, on their way in. I send you copy of this report.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

GAINESVILLE, VA., June 23, 1863.

[General BUTTERFIELD:]

I had forces out yesterday at every ford on the Rappahannock. They crossed the river, and marched 4 or 5 miles on the other side without finding a sign of a soldier. On the opposite side of Sulphur Springs there was a camp of cavalry of about 100 men the night before last. This force proceeded early yesterday morning to Culpeper. As soon as I receive reports from the forces which were at Rappahannock Station and Beverly Ford, I will forward them to you. So far as I am informed, there is a small force at Culpeper and along the railroad. The bridge over the Rappahannock is not mended. The whole rebel cavalry passed through Warrenton during Thursday and Friday last, and was only a portion of Hampton's division,

