HEADQUARTERS, CAVALRY CORPS,June 7, 1863 - 11. 45 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Major-General Hooker's dispatch received. Colonel Alexander can visit Washington to-morrow, if the desires. Colonel Duffie only reconnoitered the road from Sulphur Springs toward Culpeper. Does not know what cavalry is on the Brandy Station or Stevensburg roads. It is on those roads the bulk of the enemy's cavalry are reported. Let us act soon, and please telegraph my instruction. My people are all ready to pitch in. Let me have discretion to cross at the best positions as determined by latest information.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

-------------

JUNE 7, 1863 - 11. 50 a. m.

General PLEASONTON,

Warrenton Junction:

Russell will go instead of Shaler. He cannot arrive before tomorrow p. m. You will be unable to do anything to-morrow. Your instructions will reach you to-nigh or to-morrow early. The letter will be general, from limited information, not having any particulars concerning Duffie, and you can arrange details before it arrives. You must provide rations to meet Russell at Kelly's.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

----------
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 7, 1863.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you as follows:

Brigadier-General Ames left here yesterday and Brigadier-General Russell marches to-day, and it is expected that their brigades, consisting of 1, 500 men and a horse battery, will be in position to-morrow night. The latter marches with rations for three days, and will require to be replenished before they cross the river from Bealeton. As they march without wagons, it will be advisable to have them sent to Kelly's Ford, in season to be distributed to-morrow night. Two boats have also been forwarded, to facilitate the passage of the last named ford. As it is held by the enemy's pickets, it may be advisable to throw over a small party above or below the ford, to knock them away, without resorting to the use of artillery, as the first gun would be heard by the enemy at Culpeper and vicinity. From the most reliable information at these headquarters, it is recommended that you cross the Rappahannock at Beverly and Kelly's Fords, and march directly on Culpeper. For this you will divide your cavalry force as you think proper, to carry into execution the object in view, which is to disperse and destroy the rebel force assembled in the vicinity of Culpeper, and to destroy his trains and supplies of all description to the utmost of your ability.

