HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 23, 1863.

General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

Your letters [20th] in reference to loss of loose horses on the recent march from Falmouth are received, and will soon be answered in detail. Captain Peirce had 2, 500 poor, condemned horses at Aquia, which he had not time to remove. With my consent, and on the order of Colonel Sawtelle, they were started in a herd toward Alexandria, by the Occoquan. They drove badly; got mixed in with the troops and trains. All efforts to separate them were nearly fruitless. I saw it, and gave all proper orders, but doubtless many will be finally lost, though we are recovering many daily. About 1, 300 are already recovered. Many of them were caught by tired officers and men, who are now giving them up. It can and shall be satisfactorily explained to you.

RUFUS INGALLS,Brigadier General, and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS, MD., June 23, 1863.

(Copy received, War Department, 9. 15 a. m.)

Major-General HOOKER:

Captain Daniels, the signal officer, reports this morning as follows: The view this morning is very fine. The enemy's camps are all gone in the vicinity of Sharpsburg, and only a few troops left, but I cannot see where they have gone. A long line of troops, with wagon train, can be seen coming toward Charleston on a road south of that place.

DAN. TULER,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., June 23, 1863.

(Received 10. 15 a. m.)

Colonel ALBERT J. MYER, Signal Officer:

Enemy that were in Sharpsburg yesterday have gone. Rear of the train is in sight, going north toward Hagerstown. A wagon and artillery train is now passing through Charleston toward Shepherdstown, 10 miles in length, accompanied by infantry and cavalry.

N. DANIELS,

Captain.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 23, 1863-12 m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

Under general orders in force, it is the duty of military commanders to take possession of such military supplies as are likely to fall into the hands of the enemy, or which may be necessary for the immediate wants of our own troops in the field of actual hostilities. All horses and beef-castle in such exposed regions should be removed or taken possession of, and converted to Government use. Staff

