
officers should be sent out with sufficient escorts to seize and remove all horses suited for cavalry, artillery, or wagon teams, giving receipts, in which the character of the animal and the service to which it is suited will be stated. When not required for immediate use where taken, they should be sent in to the nearest depot, and turned over to the depot quartermaster and commissary. If possible, a quartermaster and commissary, or and officer acting in those capacities, should accompany every expedition. The vicinity of railroads in our possession should not be disturbed, unless in immediate danger from approaching raids.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

(Similar letters to Major-General Couch, Harrisburg, Pa. ;

Major-General Brooks, Pittsburgh, Pa. ; Brigadier-General Kelley, Cumberland, Md.)

Baltimore, June 23, 1863-3. 50 p. m.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY, New Creek, W. Va.:

I do not know what Western troops may be sent this way. Will do what I can to secure some for you. General Halleck says he has none of Signal Corps he can give me. You will have to rely for information mainly on good scouting.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

POOLESVILLE, MD., June 23, 1863.

(Received 7. 25 p. m.)

Colonel ALBERT J. MYER, Signal Officer:

The enemy are in Shepherdsown in force, and are encamping 1 mile this side. Have not yet crossed. N. DANIELS, Captain, Signal Officer. SIGNAL STATION, Maryland Heights, Md.,

June 23, 1863.

(Received 10. 15 p. m.)

Colonel MYER, Signal Officer:

Enemy have not yet crossed, but are encamped 2 miles south of Shepherdsown, on the Charleston road. Are in force in Charleston. A large camp can now be seen southeast of and near Berryville. Enemy have left Sharpsburg, in direction of Hagerstown. Sharpsburg is 2 miles from shepherdstown.

N. DANIELS,

Signal Officer.

Baltimore, MD., June 23, 1863-11. 30 p. m.

General TYLER, Harper's Ferry:

No part of General Milroy's command is now at Cumberland or with General Kelley. Those who went in that direction (cavalry and

