HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Suffolk, Va.,June 23, 1863.

Major-General DIX, Fort Monroe:

As a result of the reconnaissance of a few days ago, I am satisfied that from South Quay to Zuni the enemy's force cannot exceed three regiments. A cavalry force left this morning for the purpose of reconnoitering the region of Blackwater Bridge and Zuni. To-morrow I will send toward Franklin and South Quay.

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General.

June 23, 1863.

Major-General KEYES:

I ordered the cavalry there to be put under command of Davis. I want to use him probably to-night. I thought you were at Fort Magruder. I will give Generals Wistar and Getty their orders.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

June 23, 1863.

General KING, Commanding Yorktown:

Send a gunboat after the scow, which left Yorktown two hours. Let her be detained wherever she is found, and not landed at West Point.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, Washington, June 24, 1863-1. 30 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I do not distinctly underhand what is desired by the last telegram, just received, directing me to report with my command ready for the field at the Moncacy. Nearly all the regulars are at Edwards Ferry. Nearly 360 of the Fiftieth Regiment are there, on the way to the Monocacy, for which place the bridge has gone. Besides then men in the workshops here, I have but little over 200 effective men of the Fiftieth Regiment here to aid in repairing the large number of pontoons now here, out of order, and the 360 three-years' men of the Fifteenth Regiment are almost in mutiny, and unfit for the field at present; only 180 found on duty at inspection to-day. Shall I take the 200 men of the Fiftieth and the teams and empty pontoon trucks to the Monocacy, or leave the teams and trucks here, to draw the pontoons now here, when repaired? I think it very important to have the trains repaired as soon as possible, and it needs the whole force now here to do it speedily. Please let me know where headquarters are.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

