HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, Thoroughfare Gap, June 24, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

It is reported to me that General Stahel has arrived at Gainesville on his return.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

HANCOCK'S HEADQUARTERS, June 24, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD:

An Irishman came into my lines this morning, who says he left Harrisonburg four days ago, taking the turnpike through Woodstock, Strasburg, and Front Royal, following down the railroad to this place. He says he saw he saw no trains, and no troops excepting about 400 infantry crossing the Shenandoah near Front Royal. He heard from some acquaintance that Longstreet was about 10 miles from Markham Station, in the mountains. I will send him in the first opportunity.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

June 24, 1863.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

By direction of General Hooker, I leave for Washington in a few moments. Please have ready for me copies of your returns, and all information as to the character and position of your troops.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

NAVY-YARD, June 24, 1863-8. 45 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS, A. A. G., Headquarters Army of the Potomac: Not having as yet a reply to my dispatch of 1. 30 a. m. to-day, I feel it a duty to report, after examination this morning, that I have about 360 of the Fiftieth Regiment above, under orders to Monocacy Bridge, and nearly 300 regulars for Edwards Ferry bridge, ample in each case for their care and relaying. Although my men have been constantly at hard labor since their arrival, by which only I have been able to have those two bridges ready, I have 5 large barges still unloaded, containing the canvas and Waterman pontoons, about 50 wagons and trucks and much other property; about 30 pontoons to repair and overhaul, besides 40 other pontoons. My workshop companies, about 135 men; and Colonel Pettes reports only 150 effective men here of his regiment, and Major Cassin, of the Fifteenth Regiment, reports about 250 effective men and about 100 absent without leave or mutinous, this force in part being all needed for a few days to work at the above material. Besides, there are nearly 1, 100 animals of the command still here, and the empty trucks and wagons of the 152 boats above.

