HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, Thoroughfare [Gap],June 24, 1863.

General ABERCROMBIE:

If you come up in person with one brigade, take command at Gainesville, with your brigade and French's division, sending to me the brigade from there, under General Zook, belonging to Caldwell's division, now here with me. Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

(Copy for General Zook, at Gainesville.)

NAVY-YARD, June 24, 1863-1. 40 p. m.

Captain C. N. TURNBULL, Edwards Ferry:

Please ascertain from the senior commanders near you the probabilities of the continued wear upon your bridge as far as they can inform you, and, if you then deem it necessary, telegraph Captain O. E. Hine, engineer depot, near navy-yard, the amount of lumber you need, stating length, thickness, and running feet, and he will have instructions to send it to you, should I be absent.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

POOLESVILLE, June 24, 1863.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Order for march was received 9 a. m. My head of column reached Edwards Ferry at 1 p. m. Dispatch containing Slocum's news received.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 24, 1863-2. 45 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Just arrived. General Halleck informs me that there is not an available man for such purposes as my orders call for in Washington. Arrangements made to arm the Department clerks, so as so relieve the guards for storehouses, and put them between the forts. I now go to see Heintzelman's returns; then to the President.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

FREDERICK, MD., June 24, 1863.

(Copy received, War Department, 3. 15 p. m.)

Major-General HOOKER, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I learn beyond a doubt that last of Lee's entire army has passed through Martinsburg toward the Potomac. The last of them passed Monday night. The main body are crossing at Shepherdstown. Scouts report them building a pontoon bridge at Shepherdstown. Can see them from the mountain. Nine thousand men and sixteen pieces of artillery passed through Greencastle yesterday p. m.

