
EDWARDS FERRY, June 24, 1863-5. 15 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Which side of Goose Creek do you wish the second bridge-north or south? The present bridge is on the north side of Goose Creek, with one bridge over Goose Creek at its mouth. Please answer at once.

CHAS. N. TURNBULL,

Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, June 24, 1863.

General FRENCH, Gainesville:

Two stray rebels captured to-day a wagon loaded with telegraph wire at Hay Market. It is understood that there are other wagons of the same train at Hay Market, and they have been ordered either in the lines of your command or of this. The soldier of the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, captured at the same time, and the driver of the wagon, were recaptured on the Warrenton road by the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry. It is hoped the rebels were also captured. The general would like to know if you can ascertain how this wagon got started without an escort, as he had directed it brought up with Colonel [Richard N.] Batchelder's guarded train. There were two citizens with the wagon, one of them a sutler.

C. H. MORGAN,Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

June 24, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD, Chief of Staff:

There are ten days' rations on hand in this command from to-morrow morning.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 24, 1863.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 22nd instant, and am directed by the major-general commanding to state, in reply, that every possible effort is being made to keep your numbers good, and to keep you supplied with horse. It was hitherto supposed that before this your losses had been made good. It was reported to the general that 750 horses were forwarded to you yesterday. Captain McKee is under orders to report to you to-day with his whole command. If you have not done so, the general directs that you keep an active and capable officer in Alexandria, to forward men and horses the

