
doah Valley. My pickets extend to Philomont, and to-day I had a squadron at Union. A regiment of rebel cavalry was near that place, and the people said they were taking all the bacon they could find out of the country. No signs of the enemy or camps can be seen in this Valley. I shall report to the general as soon as my scouts return from the Shenandoah Valley. Infantry can cross the Blue Ridge almost anywhere between. Ashby's Gap and Snicker's Gap, as well as above the latter. Stuart's cavalry is so situated, and the country is so open, that their retreat cannot be cut off by either infantry or cavalry. We were as near doing it on Sunday last as it can be done. Hampton's brigade is here. Two of his regiments are on the Rappahannock, one on this side, and the other at Fredericksburg. The signal officers you spoke of have not yet reported. I shall try Mosby to-morrow. My command is ready to move at a moment's notice. The amounts of forage and subsistence required by existing orders cannot be kept on hand at this distance from the depot. Please urge the remounting of my men in Alexandria, as I hear the rebels have 2, 000 new horses from Pennsylvania and Maryland. I am, very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

FREDERICK, MD., June 24, 1863.

(Received 8 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Mr. [John P.] Shank and Mr. [Adam C.] Hildebrandt, of Smithsburg, Washington County, Md., and gentleman of undoubted veracity, have just informed me that they saw General Early, with twelve regiments of infantry and two of cavalry, and sixteen pieces of artillery, pass trough Smithsburg toward Greencastle and Chambersburg yesterday (Tuesday), from 11 a. m. to 2 p. m. In this body there were in all about 8, 000 men. They had a long train of wagons, mostly United States. At the same time, Sergt. Alexander Leeds, Sixth Maryland Regiment, informed me that he was in Hagerstown yesterday, and saw General Ewell pass through that place toward Greencastle, from 1 to 5 p. m., with General Johnson's division of two brigades, five regiments each, in all about 8, 000 men; two regiments of cavalry; General Rodes' division; two brigades, each five regiments; regiments very thin; in all, about 3, 000 men. The body that passed through Hagerstown had sixty-six pieces of artillery and a long train of wagons and ambulances, two-thirds of them United States. Colonel Ward H. Lamon knows me.

H. WINCHESTER,

President Frederick Female Seminary.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS, June 24, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

My entire corps is encamped of the south bank of Goose Creek, near Edwards Ferry, as ordered. Headquarters close to pontoon bridge.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

