HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General RUSSELL:

The inclosed copies of orders indicate to you the command to be given you for a temporary duty. You will report to Brigadier-General Pleasonton, at Kelly's Ford, to-morrow for orders, and in your movements from Hartwood Church be careful that your column is concealed from the enemy; that your own command is ignorant of their destination; that any guerrillas, spies, or wanderers through the country which you traverse are picked up, to prevent their communicating any information to the enemy.

Very respectfully,

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 7, 1863.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The commanding general directs that you detach from your command 600 infantry, to report to Brigadier General D. A. Russell, at Hartwood Church, to-night; the detachment to be absent from camp four or five days, and to be provided with three day's rations in haversacks, empty knapsacks, one blanket, and 150 round of ammunition, to be carried on pack-mules and the person. Two ambulances, properly supplied, will accompany the expedition, but no wagons. It is desired that the command selected should be well disciplined and drilled, and capable of performing rapid marches, and that the officers should be drawn from those noted for energy and efficiency. You will please report the name of the officer you may designate to command the detachment. The pack-mules to transport the ammunition and the shelter tents of the officers should come from the reserve mules supplied by the chief quartermaster for contingent uses, to avoid, if possible, taking any from the wagon trains. Pack masters, ambulance attendants, &amp;c., should accompany the detachment, so that its effective fighting force may be not less than that indicate above. You will please instruct the commander of the expedition to select such a route as will prevent the enemy on the opposite side of the river from observing his movement, and to take into custody all citizens he may meet with on the way, to prevent them from informing against us.

S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[A similar letter was sent to the commanding officer Sixth Corps, directing him to furnish 600 men and two ambulances, and to the commanding officer Second Corps, to furnished 300 men and one ambulance, all to report to Brigadier-General Russell.]

-----------

JUNE 7, 1863.

General STAHEL,

Fairfax Court-House:

Our troops are all this side of Occoquan. Do your cavalry picket beyond Occoquan, and where on Occoquan and below?

JOSEPH HOOKER.

