
of Harper's Ferry, reaching that place to-morrow afternoon. You will take your entire command with you. Other troops will arrive in the course of the day, to guard the bridge and depots at Edwards Ferry.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, June 24, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD, Commanding Eleventh Corps:

I understand that your corps is ordered to Harper's Ferry. Which way do you move, and do you leave your bridge over Goose Creek at your camp, or not? Respectfully, &amp;c.,JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 24, 1863-12 m.

Major-General SLOCUM, Leesburg:

The Eleventh Corps is at Edwards Ferry. Order it forward to your support whenever you deem it necessary.

HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Fairfax Court-House,June 24, 1863.

Major General W. H. FRENCH:

In assuming command of or near Harper's Ferry, the major-general commanding desires that you will give your immediate attention to the condition of the troops and the defenses of the Heights. He desires that you will closely observe the movements of the enemy, and keep informed of all that is transpiring in the vicinity, especially as to what relates to the movements of the enemy. He trusts that you will spare no labor or expense in obtaining this information, and that you make use of all the means at your disposal to obtain this knowledge. The general suggests that you keep the signal officers employed, and order them to secure commanding points for observation. He has this day ordered Major-General Stahel with his division of cavalry to report to you. With this force, and the cavalry now at Harper's Ferry, it is believed that you will be able to drive away and destroy any rebel force of cavalry now on the north side of the Potomac. If practicable, it is also of importance to ascertain whether or not the passes over South Mountain are held by the enemy, and also, from the Union people in Maryland, what force of the rebel army has crossed the Potomac, their whereabouts, and destination. With the free use of the cavalry at your command, it is believed that you will be able to gather information of incalculable value, determining the future movements of this army.

