
The commanding general calls upon the loyal citizens of Lancaster County to render Colonel Frick all the assistance that he may desire to accomplish this purpose. Colonel Frick being in the United States service, his assignment relieves Colonel E. Franklin and Major [Charles C.] Haldeman, who have heretofore been in charge. Those officers will turn over to Colonel Frick any instructions received from these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Major General D. N. Couch:

ROBERT LET ROY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

54 AND 56 EXCHANGE PLACE, New York, June 24, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have come to the conclusion that the public interests require that the Government should give authority to some of its officers here to take immediate measures for the defense of the harbor of New York. I have conferred with General Wool, Colonel Delafield, the collector, the mayor, and others, as well as with many of our merchants and business men, and I am decided in my convictions that there ought not to be any unnecessary delay in the matter. What there is being done upon the fortifications by Colonel Delafield is of a permanent character, well done, but not of a character to meet the present emergency, nor is there an adequate number of men in the fortifications for the guns already mounted. There are in eight forts, all told, 662 men. It is very evident that a much larger number is required. I am quite willing to go into detail on this general subject, but do not now propose to do so, presuming that if the Government shall decide to give the matter attention, which I have now in this imperfect manner brought to its notice, it will make a reference of it to some competent person, who will examine and make a report to you, and in this respect I only beg that no time may be lost. The State of New York ever has been and ever will be prompt in furnishing men and money for the Government. This you can rely upon, and if the President would to-morrow call for a million of men, this State's quota would be furnished with more alacrity and real satisfaction than if the call should be for one or two hundred thousand. Besides, we all ought to strive to dissipate the charge that this war is carried on for the benefit of contractors and others who are known to be making money out of it, and we ought further to have a large reserve force in the States from this time to the close of the war, well drilled, and ready for such raids as are now being made into Maryland and Pennsylvania. Then, again, I believe, that while a small conscription will be unpopular, a large one will be hailed with general joy by loyal hearts throughout the land, and I am, therefore, ready to take my full share of the responsibility of advising the President to call for a million of men. I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

