
WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

The Department of West Virginia includes all of the Middle Department west of Hancock, and the counties in Ohio adjacent to the river, as low as Big Sandy, which has been added to General Schenck's command. Ohio, Brooke, and Hancock Counties remain in General Brook's command, but you will operate in respect to them without regard to departmental lines. Governor Tod has been directed to forward Ohio troops to you. You should at once communicate with him and Governor Boreman, now at Wheeling.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

New Creek:

The following instructions are all that you require at present:

1. Establish your headquarters at the most convenient point in your department. Notify all officers in your department, and organize and establish your forces in the manner you think best for defensive and active operations.

2. Procure an immediate report of the number and description of the forces in your department, and report the same to the Adjutant-General in Washington.

3. You are authorized to raise volunteers-cavalry, infantry, and artillery-for three years or during the war, and will do all you can to encourage enlistments to increase your force.

4. Report to Governor Boreman, and act in concert with him to raise troops as speedily as possible.

5. You will establish your depots of supplies at the most convenient and secure points in your department, and notify the several bureaus at Washington.

6. You will make requisitions upon the proper bureaus in Washington for arms, ammunition, and other supplies.

7. You will keep in communication with General Schenck, General Hooker, General Brooks, and this Department.

8. You may use the depots in Wheeling until your own are established.

9. You will apply to the General-in-Chief, Major-General Halleck, for instructions whenever required.

10. You will be prompt, energetic, and diligent in the organization, discipline, and effectiveness of your command, and use every means in your power to protect your department and destroy the rebels.

11. Apply to this Department for any staff organizations or officers you may need.

12. You will supply your forces, as far as possible, by military exactions, with horses and all other supplies, from disloyal persons. In order to mount your cavalry, you may seize horses wherever they can be found, giving certificates, payable by the Quartermaster-General, for their value, on satisfactory proof of loyalty, and reporting to the Quartermaster-General all seizures.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

