
write me, and send, in by mail messenger to-morrow, or by [Henry W.] Perkins, if I shall make any further exertions to have the city guards at Washington out down, and some portion sent to us. It is now 1. 15 a. m., and I shall tire you, if I write any more, as much as I have myself, but I wanted to give you full ideas of the condition of affairs. I send a few good maps by Perkins; will try and arrange about guides, spies, &amp;c., with other things, to-morrow, or to-day, as it is now.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]-Tyler, thirty pieces of artillery; one month's supplies. Ammunition for a siege of twenty to thirty days. Total available, all arms, effective on duty, 8, 500. On Heights, Sixth New York Militia, section of artillery; Monocacy Bridge, 490 men; two block-houses, 30 men each additional, for connection between here and Heights. Two small regiments, altogether about 400 men, guarding railroad at Relay House and out to Annapolis Junction, connecting with Heintzelman; thence to Elysville, on Baltimore and Ohio road. First Eastern Shore and Second [?] Pennsylvania troops, all infantry, block-houses and palisades at Budd's; six companies between Baltimore and the Pennsylvania line, on Northern Central, guarding bridges; meet Couch, who undertakes to hold the road down to Pennsylvania line. In rear to Susquehanna, five companies Fifth Delaware; Baltimore to Susquehanna River, three important points-- Susquehanna, Gunpowder, and Back River Bridges, down on ---- River Bridge. At Baltimore, garrisons of forts, including Seventh New York State Militia, 700; number in all, 1, 150 men; three forts; thinks could not diminish them safely. Outside forts, One hundred and fiftieth New York, 750 effective men; Sixty-ninth New York, 600 effective men; First Potomac Home Brigade, between 700 and 800 strong; Second Eastern Shore Regiment, about seven companies, say 400 more; two companies Fifth Artillery outside forts, to man the guns of defenses. Company of cavalry, Purnell's cavalry, 70 strong, intended for scouting. First Connecticut Cavalry, 100 mounted men, acting as vedettes and patrols.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 24, 1863.

Major-General BURNISIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Governor Tod has been requested to send new troops, as fast as he raises them, to Parkersburg, to report to General Kelley. Please assist in this.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 24, 1863.

His Excellency Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling, W. Va.:

Your telegram [22nd instant] has been received. Every assistance will be afforded you by this Department in respect to military oper-

