HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 25, 1863-7. 08 a. m.

General H. W. SLOCUM, Leesburg:

Have you anything more of the forces of the enemy said to have been yesterday at Round Hill and Hamilton? S.

WILLIAMS. LEESBURG,

June 25, 1863-9 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

I am convinced that the statements about forces at Round Hill and Hamilton were greatly exaggerated. At that time I had no cavalry, and could not ascertain the truth.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 25, 1863-7. 20 a. m.

General H. W. SLOCUM, Leesburg, Va.:

The commanding general directs that you hold your command in readiness to march in the direction of Edwards Ferry. The First, Third, and Eleventh Corps will cross the river to-day. S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 25, 1863-8. 10 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

Orders were telegraphed you early this moaning to assume command of the Third and Eleventh Corps, in addition to your own. At the same time, directions were given for a brigade of cavalry to report to you, with two sections of artillery. All of these troops are under orders to cross the Potomac to-day, at or near Edwards Ferry, all but the Third Corps being convenient to that crossing at this moment. The cavalry and section are ordered to report to you, that you may take possession of Crampton's Pass, and what is called South Mountain Gap, as speedily as possible-if practicable, to-night; and that each cavalry column be closely followed by a brigade of infantry and a battery, and all instructed to hold those passes until further orders. Late last night the enemy had no force at either point. As their possession may be of great importance in determining the future operations of this army, the general desires that you will take and hold them. You will direct your column in the direction of Midletown, on two lines, should you find it practicable, and there encamp, should you receive no orders to the contrary. Please keep the general informed of all your movements and those of the enemy as soon as you learn them, and especially advise him the moment we are in possession of the Gaps. Two of his staff officers will be sent you; also maps.

Very respectfully, &amp;c., S.

WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

