
that in his name you give the proper officer an order to have the bridge put down forthwith at Edwards Ferry, at such point as may be most convenient for crossing the troops. He wishes to know why this bridge has not been laid.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EDWARDS FERRY,

June 25, 1863-11 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The second bridge has not been completed. All the boats only arrived an hour ago, and I am now at work on the second bridge, which I hope to complete in about three hours. Having received no instructions, I have put the second bridge on the south side of Goose Creek. So I will have two bridges over the river, one over Goose Creek at its mouth, and two over the canal. General Howard's corps crossed this morning; his baggage wagons are still crossing. General Stahel has just arrived on the Maryland side with his cavalry, and is passing on into Maryland. Am pushing the second bridge all I can. The pontoons were late in arriving, on account of the crowded state of the canal.

CHAS. N. TURBUNLL,

Captain of Engineers, Commanding.

BALTIMORE,

June 25, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Another regiment, about 600, will be armed and gotten ready to-day; start to-morrow; are to join General Lockwood's command. This will bring him up to 2, 700 with the Sixth New York Militia; 2, 100 without. Shall he be ordered with this column to go into Frederick, or shall the order remain to report from the Monocacy railroad bridge, 3 miles from Frederick, for orders by telegraph? It will be two days yet, and orders can reach him there before his arrival, by telegraph or special messenger from here. The 2, 200 of Milroy's command at Bedford, disorganized, and parts of new regiments and companies at Harper's Ferry, have been ordered here by General Schenck, to be armed and sent forward. They could reach here in thirty-six hours by rail, be put in shape, and sent out in as may more. General Couch detains them with Milroy; says he must have them. As they are, they cannot be of much service; brought here, and put in shape, the regiments and companies gotten together at Harper' Ferry, they will be effective. They are part of this command. If it is desired that they come here, please telegraph General Halleck, urging their immediate movement, and advise me. I have not moved any artillery with Lockwood's force. Only one light battery to go; and Schenck desires it here, if not absolutely needed. Shall it be left here, in view of our strength in artillery?

DANL. BUTTEFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

