
Please direct General Howard to have every led animal in his train, excepting officers' horses, sent to the rear, and not accompany the

HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 25, 1863-12. 10 p. m.

Brigadier-General TYLER, Maryland Heights:

What can you tell of the rebel movements to-day? Do they continue to cross? Keep me advised of everything.

JOSEPH HOOKER.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 25, 1863.

General JOHN F. REYNOLDS, Poolesville:

The following movements of troops will take place to-morrow, the 26th instant viz: I. The Twelfth Corps (Leesburg) will march at 3 a. m. to-morrow, leaving a sufficient force to hold Leesburg until the Fifth Corps comes up; will cross the upper bridge at Edwards Ferry and the Monocacy at its mouth, and proceed up the Potomac as far as Trammelstown (Point of Rocks), and then to Middletown, unless otherwise ordered. The detachment that remains behind will rejoin the corps on the arrival of the Fifth Corps at Leesburg. II. The Fifth Corps (Aldie) will march at 4 a. m., crossing Goose Creek at Carter's Mill; thence to Leesburg, crossing the Potomac at the upper bridge at Edwards Ferry and the Monocacy at its mouth, and follow the river road in the direction of Frederick City. The Reserve Artillery will cross on the lower bridge at Edwards Ferry, and follow the Fifth Corps. III. Headquarters leave at 3 a. m., via Hunter's Mills, to Poolesvile, where the camp will be to-morrow. IV. The Second Corps (Gum Springs) will march at 6 a. m. to-morrow, via Farmwell, Farmwell Station, and Frankville, cross on the lower bridge at Edwards Ferry, and take the road crossing the Monocacy a little below Frederick City. V. The Sixth Corps (Centreville and Fairfax) will march at 3 a. m., via Chantilly Church, Frying Pan, Herndon Station, and Dranesville, to Edwards Ferry, and, after, covering the withdrawal of the bridges, will follow the Second Corps. VI. The Cavalry Corps will cover the movement till all the trains have crossed the Potomac, when one division will be thrown forward to Middletown.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 173 June 25, 1863.

I. The following batteries will proceed to Arlington Heights, under command of Major J. Watts De Peyster. On their arrival at that

