
forces, and take possession of and drive off into the nearest depot all horses suitable for cavalry, artillery, or baggage trains which are in any danger of falling into the hands of the enemy. Give receipts to the owners of these horses. The receipts should contain a description of the horses, stating age, size, and whether fit for cavalry, artillery, or trains. These seizures should not be made in the immediate vicinity of the railroads unless there is imminent danger of the stock being taken be the enemy. The irritation inseparable from such operations would cause, perhaps, attempts to obstruct the track. Captain [Henry B.] Lacey, assistant quartermaster, who will hand you a copy of this order, will be accountable for the property thus taken, and will sign the receipts, which should also, when practicable, be countersigned by yourself. He will accompany you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JUNE 25, 1863.

Major-general BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Received order for march. I suppose the train of cars will not come to Gainesville, which we were informed would be there to-day. The firing of the pickets has ceased. Our cavalry were to-day driven in by (the commander says) two regiments of dismounted cavalry.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 25, 1863.

General R. O. TYLER,

Commanding Artillery Reserve, Edwards Ferry:

The Fifth Corps (Aldie) will march at 4 a. m. to-morrow, crossing Goose Creek at Carter's Mill; thence to Leesburg, crossing the Potomac at the upper bridge at Edwards Ferry and the Monocacy at its mouth, and follow the river road in the direction of Frederick City. The Reserve Artillery will cross on the lower bridge at Edwards Ferry, and follow the Fifth Corps. Please acknowledge. By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 25, 1863-6. 25 p. m.

General JOHN F. REYNOLDS, Edwards Ferry:

Your dispatch received. The commanding general wishes you to send the Twentieth [Militia] and Ninety-fourth Regiments of New York Volunteers to join your corps. The general will leave here early to-morrow morning.

