
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 7, 1863.

Captain COMSTOCK,

Corps of Engineers, present:

CAPTAIN: You will immediately repair to the city of Pittsburgh, Pa., and make preparations for the defense of that place against a possible rebel raid. Brigadier-General Barnard has been directed to advise with you on this subject. A copy of his instructions is inclosed herewith. * The main object of your mission is to assist the municipal authorities and the people in preparing for their own defense. They are capable, and, it is presumed, ready to defend their town against any efforts the rebels may make to capture or destroy it. You will assist and animate them in the performance of this patriotic duty, should the occasion arise. A few days' labor in the trenches will render their city entirely safe from a coup de main. They should not neglect this preparation, nor postpone it till too late. Impress upon them the importance of prom and efficient action. Brigadier-General al 	[W. T. H.] Brooks has been appointed to the command of that department, with authority to make requisitions for arms, artillery, &amp;c. You will report to him, and show him these orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 12. June 7, 1863.

I. Colonel J. Kilpatrick, Second New York Cavalry, having reported for duty with his regiment, will again assume command of his command + as constituted in General Orders, Numbers 13, February 16, 1863, from these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, CAVALRY CORPS, Near Bealeton, Va.,June 8, 1863. (Received 6. 30 a. m.)

General S. WILLIAMS,

Asst, Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

General Gregg sends the following report of one of his scouts to Colonel Alexander: The scout, Yager, sent me by Colonel Duffie, says that the two Lees are at Culpeper. Hampton's Legion and almost 1, 000 infantry at Brandy Station. Artillery at both places. Yager says that he has reliable information that infantry are being sent to the Valley from Lee's army, and that there is a force of infantry at Culpeper. This is the person who crossed last evening at Foxville Ford. His statement may be incorrect in some of the particulars.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Halleck.)

---------------

* See Halleck to Barnard, June 8, 1863, p. 36.

+ Consisting of the First Maine and Second and Tenth New York Cavalry Regiments.

---------------

