
Snicker's Gap, and the Quakers say that Longstreet's corps is guarding the mountains, and will not allow any wagons or any persons not belonging to the army to cross over the Valley. Between Snicker's Gap and Ashby's a strong cavalry force is encamped, and covers the mountains. Finding this to be case, the scouts returned. They saw no infantry in Loudoun Valley. On the Ashby's Gap road the enemy's pickets have fallen back beyond Middleburg. I shall send out in the morning to see if they are withdrawing their force altogether. They have captured a good many horses in Pennsylvania and Maryland, and will mount their infantry for a raid unless they are closely looked after. I sent a brigade of cavalry to General Hancock this afternoon, in accordance with an other transmitted by signal, through General Humphreys. The rebels are packing off supplies from Loudoun Valley. This does not look as if they intended to attack us, but that they are disposed to remain in the Shenandoah [Valley], and steal from Maryland and Pennsylvania as long as they are permitted. Please let me have the signal officers I asked for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE SIGNAL OFFICER,

Washington, June 25, 1863-8. 45 p. m.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

If any considerable portion of the Army of the Potomac is moving north in Maryland, either in the Middletown Valley, or east of Catoctin Ridge, suggest to General Butterfield to keep the crest of the South Mountain and Catoctin Ridge clear of enemy's scouts and signal officers by scouting parties of our cavalry. Send some of your officers with the cavalry.

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel, and Signal Officer of the Army.

OFFICE OF THE SIGNAL OFFICER,

Washington, June 25, 1863-8. 50 p. m.

Signal Officer, Maryland Heights, Md.: What became of the immense trains reported from your station as moving through Charleston to Shepherdstown?

ALBERT J. MYER.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, June 25, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

(Received June 26, 4 a. m.)

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

Your dispatch of yesterday, 7. 40 p. m. just received. The brigade of cavalry for headquarters will start at daylight. Your dispatch of this evening (7. 10) received at the same time. Shall hold my com-

21 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

