HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, June 25, 1863.

General H. W. HALLECK, Commanding U. S. Army, Washington:

GENERAL: In reply to a communication from the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac, of this date, * referred to me, I have the honor to state: The troops referred to in this dispatch are no part of General Crawford's command, and are entirely within the Defenses of Washington. The two regiments of Pennsylvania Reserves are a portion of the garrison of Alexandria, and, if removed, will leave but 776 men, much too small a command to garrison so important a point as the depots of Alexandria, as, from the withdrawal of all the troops along the Occoquan, there is no force whatever to prevent an enemy from advancing as far as the range of the guns of Fort Lyon. Two more regiments, composing the guard of the convalescent camp, also ordered to move, are within the lines of the Defenses, and are the guards of some 8, 000 paroled prisoners, stragglers, and convalescents, and if these are withdrawn there will be nothing to prevent these men from straying all over the country. Should any of these troops be withdrawn, I have not another regiment to replace them. From General De Russy's report of June 20, he had but 10 men for each gun, and since then a new fort has been garrisoned from his command, still further reducing the number of men per gun. This leaves no men for relieves. On this side of the river the garrisons are still smaller. After this statement, it appears unnecessary to add that the garrison for these extra river works is already much too small. As all my cavalry has been taken from the other side, should Army of the Potomac move from my front, the first indication of the approach of the enemy would be their appearance at our works. I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,June 25, 1863-6. 45 p. m.

Brigadier-General DE RUSSY, Comdg. Defenses South of the Potomac, Arlington:

GENERAL: Our cavalry and infantry have been withdrawn from the Occoquan, so that we have now no force between Fort Lyon and the enemy. Should General Hooker remove his army from our front, the entire line of defenses south of the Potomac would be in the same condition, as all our cavalry has been withdrawn. We have abandoned Upton's Hill. It is necessary that unusual precautions be taken to be advised of the approach of the enemy on our uncovered front. Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Hooker to Halleck, same date. Part I. pp. 56, 57.

---------------

