
HARRISBURG, June 25, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

I much regret the necessity which compels me to adopt the course I have in reference to General Milroy. Will try and write you, explaining all.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, June 25, 1863.

Committee of Safety, York, Pa.:

Major-General Milroy has orders to report with all his command at this place, and those troops at York must join him.

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, June 25, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

The following is just received from the staff officer whom I sent with orders for General Milroy to bring all the troops he has gathered at Bloody Run to this city:

HARRISBURG, June 25, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

General Couch says he absolutely needs General Milroy and his men. Assumes the responsibility of retaining them in his command. Thinks there is no need of my going to him. Shall I return or go on? General Milroy is constantly skirmishing.

WM. M. ESTE,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.

I think General Couch is wrong. Will you, if you think it advisable, order him to let Milroy and his troops come on? There are now at Bloody Run 110 officers and 2, 236 enlisted men; one-fifth of them are without arms, many without shoes. They need to return, if only for reorganization. Parts of the same regiments and companies are with General Tyler. If I had those with Milroy back here, I could get the fragments together, strengthen Tyler, if necessary, and at the same time add at least 1, 500 organized troops to those sent for General Hooker to the Monocacy.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, June 25, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General MILROY, Bloody Run, Bedford County, Pa.:

Have submitted the question between General Couch and myself to the General-in-Chief. Major Este waits at Harrisburg for further instructions. Be ready for any movement required.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

