
these gaps, I must have men immediately. I have but 60 men for duty in two gaps, 5 miles apart. No supplies have reached me nor been heard from. My rations are nearly exhausted.

S. B. SWOOPE,

E. LEWIS.

JUNE 25, 1863.

Colonel COUCH, Harrisburg:

General Milroy favors falling back to the west; and I would suggest that, when the game is opened, he should march to Mount Union, and take the rebels in that valley in flank, or take the cars for Huntington. Do not let him forget Colonel Higgins' militia, if he moves.

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., June 25, 1863.

(Received 2 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The Seventh, Sixty-ninth, and the Sixth New York Militia are all that have arrived here from the East. The Seventh is in Fort Federal Hill. The Sixth was sent yesterday to the Monocacy by rail. Brigadier-General Lockwood marches to-day with the One hundred and fiftieth New York and the First Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteers, for the Monocacy. This will make three regiments of infantry at the Monocacy, with an aggregate of over 1, 800. With these will also be a company of Maryland cavalry and one section of a field battery, and to-morrow I will send to the Monocacy, after re-arming them, the First Eastern Shore Infantry, 600 men. This leaves me here, outside the forts, the Sixty-ninth New York Militia, four companies of the Second Eastern Shore, and two companies of the Fifth New York Artillery.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 26 [25?], 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

It is important that all troops that have arrived or may arrive at Baltimore from New York, after the receipt of my order, be forwarded here. They are greatly needed.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, MD.,

June 25, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

The Fifty-fifth Regiment New York State Militia, 175 strong, has just arrived. Do you include this in your order to forward to Washington all New York regiments that may hereafter arrive?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

