
which number, armed and drilled to the use of the musket or field piece, organized into companies and battalions, and their alarm posts assigned, would enable us to resist an attack in considerable force. I feel confident the leading citizens would undertake this organization if aware of its necessity and aided by the commanding general. In this connection, I would call your attention to the security of the bridges over the Potomac. I have never considered that proper precautions were taken against fire, or that they were fully guarded. In case of attack, there are enough secessionists in the city who would, if they could secretly, burn these structures, knowing their immense importance to the defense. Besides the precautions of guards, convenient supplies of water, &amp;c., it would be very proper to furnish the troops at the Chain Bridge with two or three week's provisions, as, in case of the destruction of the bridge, they would be isolated.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant.

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 25, 1863.

(Received 12. 10 p. m.)

Major-General

DIX: One of our men, highly intelligent and trusty, came from Richmond June 9. Force on the Blackwater, one brigade and one battery, not to exceed 2, 500, under General Jenkins, of North Carolina; the battery is at Blackwater Bridge. No other artillery in that direction. Two regiments at Drewry's Bluff. In Richmond nothing but City Battalion; about 400 at Camp Lee, near Richmond, generally one regiment in transit. Nothing else nearer than the forces in North Carolina, which do not exceed 5, 000 men, under General French. General Elzey at Richmond; General D. H. Hill at Petersburg. Tredegar Iron Works making 2, 000 carbines, 2, 000 Richmond rifles, and 1, 000 revolvers per month; also large cannon and mortars. At Petersburg four long 32-pounders and several smaller brass pieces in position, but not provided with artillerymen. Forces from Charleston and Savannah gone west. Beauregard is massing troops at Tullahoma, to act in concert with Joe Johnston.

JOSEPH HOOKER,Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 25, 1863.

General H. W. HALLECK:

By order of General Foster, I have arrived at this place from New Berne with my command, the Forty-fifth Regiment Massachusetts Militia, to be available, if necessary. If not needed here, I am directed to proceed to Massachusetts. The term of service of the regiment expires on the 7th of July. I have reported by telegraph to General Dix at Yorktown, but have as yet received no reply. I now telegraph you, in compliance with orders from General Foster.

CHARLES R. CODMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

