
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 25, 1863-10. 45 p. m.

Commanding Officer, Fort Monroe, Va.: Until further orders, all troops arriving from North Carolina will report to General Dix, and be subject to his orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Aldie, June 26, 1863-1 a. m.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG, Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that your command will cover the movements of the army across the Potomac. He desires you to communicate with General Buford with reference to relieving his pickets as soon as you can do so after daylight. Your train, baggage, &amp;c., will move, as herefore ordered, under a sufficient guard. The general desires to know, as early to-morrow as possible, if the enemy show any force in your front. He also desires you to send a party down the road toward Fairfax, to turn all trains, &c., belonging to this command toward Edwards Ferry, and that you direct your staff officers to fill your train with supplies as soon as they get across at Edwards Ferry. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEESBURG, VA.,

June 26, 1863-12. 45 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, and

SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington:

Have just arrived. One division is covering the flank from Aldie to this place, by way of Mount Gilead. Three brigades of the Second Division are covering the three roads from Aldie and Gum Springs. All quiet toward the Blue Ridge. Very few cavalry pickets seen near Middleburg this morning. None in the Snicker's Gap pike. The telegraph operator of Hancock's corps reported, last night, a body of several thousand cavalry at Gainesville, from the direction of New Baltimore. My dispositions cover that. I shall remain here until the crossing is accomplished.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING,Jefferson, June 26, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD, Commanding Eleventh Corps:

Let me know as soon as you get information about the passes-Crampton's and South Mountain. General Hooker is at Poolesville, and very anxious to know if they are occupied.

