
You must keep the cavalry scouting in your front. Send to Frederick, and communicate with General Stahel. He was directed to keep you advised of what is going on in your front. My headquarters will be here to-night, and I will move up all the corps together, so as to concentrate at Middletown or in that neighborhood. Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 26, 1863-1. 50 p. m.

General W. S. HANCOCK,

Edwards Ferry:

The commanding general desires that each corps shall be followed by its trains. You will, therefore, please halt the head of your column until the wagons of the corps in advance of you have crossed the bridges.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 26, 1863-2. 50 p. m.

Major-General BIRNEY, Point of Rocks:

General Hooker directs that you report to General Reynolds at Jefferson, who will command the First, Third, and Eleventh Corps until the marches are completed, as ordered.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STAHEL'S CAVALRY DIVISION,

Frederick City, Md., June 26, 1863-3. 10 p. m.

(Received June 27, 5. 30 p. m.)

Major-General REYNOLDS:

I arrived at this place this afternoon, and have made the following disposition of my troops: I have one brigade and one section of artillery at Crampton's Pass, patrolling thoroughly on the other side, but without meeting with any enemy whatever; they are supported by one brigade and two sections of artillery of the Eleventh Corps. I have one regiment in South Mountain Pass, patrolling in that vicinity, but without meeting any of the enemy. One brigade and two sections of artillery are at Middletown, and two regiments about 2 miles from this place, on the road leading toward Lewistown. As was stated by telegraphic dispatch of last evening, there is no enemy in the neighborhood of any of the gaps, nor do they seem to have any intention of coming this side. There was a small force of rebel cavalry at Boonsborough this morning, but there are none of them there now. The whole rebel army is marching toward Harrisburg. Ewell's whole corps passed thorough Hagerstown and Smithsburg last Tues-

