
day. Sixty-six pieces of artillery, belonging to this corps, passed through Hagerstown on Tuesday, and sixteen pieces belonging to the same corps passed through Smithsburg the same day. Their force is estimated at from 25, 000 to 30, 000. Both columns were marching in the direction of Greencastle. On Thursday, the 25th instant, Anderston's division, of Hill's corps, passed through Boonsborough about 6 a. m. They were three hours passing through the town. This column crossed at Shepherdstown. Ewell's corps crossed at Williamsport and Shepherdstown. I have sent out scouting parties of perfectly reliable men, who will endeavor to penetrate the enemy's lines and learn their strength and plans. I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

JUNE 27, 1863.

The foregoing report would have been sent to you last night had I known where your headquarters were. I have but this moment found out where they are.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

JUL. STAHEL.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Jefferson, June 26, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff:

The signal officers report that they can see nothing at Crampton's Pass. Howard has moved up to Middletown, and my aide, Captain Wadsworth, went with General Howard to Middletown. General Birney is at Adamstown, and I have sent him orders to move up here to-morrow, and shall move Doubleday forward to Howard. It is called 6 miles to Middletown from here, and also 6 or 7 from Adamstown here. The road through the Catoctin Hills very bad, and the bridge over the Monocacy by the route he came very frail and unsafe; should be repaired, if it is to be much used. No ford there, but the Furnace Ford, some 3 miles below it, reported a very good ford, the best on the river. This bridge can be easily repaired, as there is lumber close by-saw-mill slabs. The cavalry sent out by Stahel does nothing. They go into camp behind the infantry, and send out small squads from them. General Stahel was at Frederick to-day, and will be at Middletown to-night. Captain [Craig W.] Wadsworth has just returned from Howard, and i send you his report by Captain [John C.] Bates. Wadsworth says the reports were brought back from Boonsborough by one of Howard's staff, who learned it from persons there who professed to be Union people, and, from the account he gave, Wadsworth did not altogether credit it, though it appears Howard does.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]-We are 20 miles by the road from Poolesville. It is called 15, 16 and 19. If you have any other orders, please sent to-night, I shall move leisurely to-morrow.

