HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Middletown, Md.,

June 26, 1863-5. 10 p. m.

[General JOHN F. REYNOLDS:]

GENERAL: I learn through different sources that there is no enemy at Crampton's Pass, though my brigade commander, sent there, has not yet reported. Fifteen of my headquarters cavalry dashed into Boonsborough, and went about a half mile beyond, chasing out a squad of rebel cavalry. The inhabitants there report that Longstreet encamped between Keedysville and Sharpsburg last night, and moved this morning toward Hagerstown. He had forded the river at Shepherdsown. Ewell, with Jackson's old corps, passed through Boonsborough on Tuesday. Yesterday and day before a part of A. P. Hill's corps passed through; [A. R.] Wright's brigade of that corps yesterday forenoon, with seventeen pieces of artillery; his force 5, 400 (a Union man's count). Early himself was with Wright. These regiments were about 400 or 500 strong. The whole force which passed through Boonsborough, about 20, 000. Lee in person crossed the Potomac last night. His entire force on this side up to yesterday reported to be between 60, 000 and 70, 000 men. I am, general, very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -My force is disposed as follows:

One brigade of Barlow's division and a battery in Crampton's Gap; one brigade of Steinwehr's division and a battery in Boonsborough Gap. General Barlow is encamped on the Burkittsville road, General Steinwehr on the turnpike, and General Schurz on the old Hagerstown road. These divisions are within supporting distance of each other, and about a mile in front of Middletown. My headquarters at the farm of Mr. Cookerly, first house beyond Middletown, on the pike, toward Boonsborough.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Poolesville, June 26, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Leesburg:

Give orders to General Buford to cross his artillery at Edwards Ferry. He will proceed with his cavalry by the way of the mouth of the Monocacy to Middletown. His train will come to Edwards Ferry for supplies. Tell Colonel [Charles R.] Smith that Lieutenant [William] Dean, with ordnance stores, is at Edwards Ferry; that the stores must be loaded in the wagons from that point. Tell Colonel [Albert S.] Austin to see or telegraph Colonel [H. F.] Clarke to make arrangements for the subsistence of the command. Please answer. Be sure that Buford's artillery crosses at Edwards Ferry.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

P. S. -Butterfield notified.

