
as directed, and no enemy. The Boonsborough [Turner's] Pass is occupied by a brigade of infantry and one battery of artillery. A regiment of cavalry went to the pass [Fox's] just south, called Sharpsburg. This cavalry came up after I got here. My headquarters cavalry have been used to scout my front. General Stahel has been here this evening. I have had to give him rations, and I am afraid it will make me short. Do let his trains through, so that he can repay me. Will there not be a depot at Frederick? The telegraph wire is cut between this and Frederick. Shall I have it repaired? I have broken connection here lest some Maryland rebel should communicate to the enemy by this channel. The enemy appears to have gotten the start of us by about two days. Had General Stahel's cavalry been up, I should have pushed on earlier this morning. I hope I kept out of your way.

Very respectfully,

O. O . HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

Headquarters Second Corps,

June 26, 1863-11. 45 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

GENERAL: My command is just going into camp about 1 mile from the river. My headquarters are near the residence of Mr. Vesey, about one-quarter of a mile to the right of the Poolesville road (going from here toward Poolesville), and 1 mile from the rive. My own train, and those of commands which preceded mine, have crossed the bridge. There are no trains the other side of Goose Creek, to my knowledge, excepting those of the Sixth Corps. A brigade of cavalry is covering the road leading to the bridges on the south side of Goose Creek. The Sixth Corps had not arrived at 11 o'clock. I send a staff officer for any orders you may have for me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

Headquarters army of the Potomac,

June 26, 1863-4. 15 p. m.

Major General A. PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

There are 700 horses at Alexandria which I have ordered shod before being issued to you. Captain [Henry] PAGE assistant quartermaster, has been ordered to report to you for duty as quartermaster of Buford's command. Has a train of fifty wagons from Alexandria, laden with forage, reported to you within the last thirty-six hours? Do you wish any more quartermasters, and what number of horses do you stand in need of now?

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General.

