
Headquarters army of the Potomac,

June 26, 1863.

Colonel SAWTELLE,

Asst. Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac, Alexandria:

General Pleasonton just informed me that the train is safe and will return from Edward's Ferry. He wanted Page soon. He says Captain [Charles] Worms is in Alexandria. Order him (Worms) to join the cavalry command at once. Order an officer to Edwards Ferry immediately, to receive surplus property, issue forage and clothing, and take away what we do not want. We shall probably want supplies at or near Frederick day after to-morrow. See General Haupt and Colonel Porter on the subject of depot, and have all ready. [Perley P.] Pitkin and Wagner, one or both, must go there tomorrow, with orders to communicate facts to us both.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief Quartermaster.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 26, 1863-12. 05 p. m.

(Received 2. 15 p. m.)

Major General W. H. FRENCH,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

General Schenck requests that General D. Tyler's requisition for eight more 24-pounder howitzers to perfect defenses on Maryland Heights be filled. It is impossible to send these guns now. Are any additional guns absolutely necessary; and, if so, what number, and what calibers?

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Ordnance.

Headquarters Department of Washington,

June 26, 1863-1. 10 p. m.

Brigadier-General SLOUGH,

Military Governor, Alexandria:

GENERAL: The mayor-general commanding desires that you ascertain the number of cavalry, mounted and dismounted, in camp near Alexandria. Please specify the commanding officer and the number of mounted men effective.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, June 26, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding, Washington:

GENERAL: All troops in the city should be prepared to move tonight, if necessary, their guards being replaced, if necessary, by the

