HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp Near Falmouth, Va.,June 8, 1863.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

General Sedgwick has so much on his hands with his duties over the river, that it is desired you should relieve his picket line. The main object of his picket line is to prevent any passage in or out of the lines, stop deserters, and give notice of any movements. Relieve him to-day, if possible, and with a force sufficient for this purpose. He may possibly relieve some portions of your line in the vicinity of the bridges. This ought to be reduced somewhat, from its former strength by the presence of the Sixth Corps opposite.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

----------
HEADQUARTERS, THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,June 8, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: I have just seen Colonel Kilpatrick. The entire cavalry force in my front is withdrawn. I have nothing on my flanks, not even connection, with the cavalry pickets. In order to establish such connection, I would have to use my whole command for picketing. The cavalry is all in my rear. In case of an attack, my situation would be disagreeable. I would respectfully request you to protest against this conduct of the commander of the cavalry, who calls us out for his support, and then withdraws his forces, and obliges us to picket service for the cavalry.

Yours, very respectfully,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, June 8, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

(Received June 9-9. 30 a. m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have reconnoitered the different positions. Things look favorable. At 4 o'clock in the morning everything will be moving.

A. PLEASONTON,Brigadier-General.

KETTLE RUN, June 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

I arrived here about 6 o'clock this morning; started to find the commanding officer oaf the forces from the Army of tho Potomac, for the purpose of making a connection with him. General Pleasonton is in command, who requested me to remain on the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and to protect this road as far as Bealeton

