
BALTIMORE, June 26, 1863-9. 35 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

General Lockwood is encamped to-night at Poplar Springs, which is, I think, 16 miles from the Monocacy, where he expects to arrive to-morrow. The First Eastern Shore Maryland Volunteers marched to-day for the Monocacy, all newly armed.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

Headquarters Eights army CORPS,

Baltimore,

June 26, 1863.

Major HENRY B. JUDD,

U. S. Army, Wilmington:

SIR: Your telegram is received. I am glad to hear of the ten extra companies of the Fifth Delaware. Let them be called out and put upon the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad by all means, and at as early a moment as possible. The force there is, I know, to small. Take steps for obtaining these troops as soon as possible, and post them on the road at once without further order, leaving one-third of what will then be the whole force, and concentrate at Havre de Grace and the crossing of the Susquehanna.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, June 26, 1863-9. 50 p. m.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

New Creek, W. Va.:

The following has just been received from Brigadier-General Averell, at Grafton: Colonel [T. M.] Harris, at Beverly, reports as follows: "I have reliable information that [W. L.] Jackson has 2, 000 men near Huntersville. Contemplates an attack on Beverly. I request that the Twenty-eight and batteries be sent back from New Creek, in order that, after whipping Jackson, I may take the offensive against Staunton and the communications of the enemy's main body. We are of no importance in this position. WM. W. AVERELL, Brigadier-General.

Unless in such condition that you cannot safely detach them, you will return to General Averell the force he needs for his operations against Jackson. But this is left to your discretion, Communicate at once directly with him.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARRISBURG, Pa., June 26, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

(Received 2. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In conference this morning with Governor Curtin and his advisers, it was deemed advisable to make a call of the militia for State de-

