
fense. In that case there should be two or three places of rendezvous, as Lancaster, Reading, or Wilkes-Barre. Can you furnish general officer to organize these camps and command in the field? Could General Franklin be assigned to me? I would place him in charge of the whole militia, provided he would waive rank, He offered his assistance to me one week ago.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 26, 1863-[4 p. m.]

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg:

Officers will be assigned to take charge of the troops that may be raised by Governor Curtin. General Franklin was assigned yesterday to another post, and General Dana, having been assigned to you for orders, he will be perfectly competent to perform whatever may be required in the organization and command of State troops. State what subordinate officers you require.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

Harrisburg, PA., June 26, 1863.

(Received 2. 35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A call of the militia for ninety days will be made. If you would authorize General Couch to provide clothing, it would simplify the whole movement very much, and prevent the State from going into the market to purchase it, which would, of course, enhance the rates of cost of clothing too greatly for the regular army. If the State furnish clothing, a call of the Legislature must be made, and, for reasons which you will readily comprehend, that ought to be avoided. I hope you will change to order, and give similar authority to General Brooks. The camp of rendezvous will be located wherever the generals commanding departments designate, and the forces sworn into the State service will go immediately under their direction.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 26, 1863-7. 50 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg:

If any effort be made to induce you to furnish uniforms to any troops excepting those who respond to the President's call for six months, and are sworn into the United States service, you will bear in mind that you are not authorized to furnish such supplies. Troops of the United States only can be furnished with United States uniforms.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

