
Harrisburg, June 26, 1863.

(Received 10. 25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have supplied a few New York regiments with clothing and arms who had none. Pennsylvania troops sworn into service during the existing emergency have also been supplied-none others. My forces have been driven out of Gettysburg, and will rendezvous at York to-night.

D. N. COUCH.

HANOVER, June 26, 1863.

Major-General COUCH

Threw Colonel Jennings' regiment 3 miles in advance of Gettysburg this morning in a good position. The rebel advance guard approaching caused him to fall back. Captain [Robert] Bell reports, without advising me or awaiting orders, by the Heidlersburg road. Sent out to collect scouts. Gathered all available cavalry present under Major Knox, to present the best face on things, but had, I fear, too few. Hastened here to collect arms and public property.

G. O. HALLER,

Major Seventh U. S. Infantry.

HANOVER, June 26, 1863-8 o'clock.

Major-General COUCH:

Major Knox and Captain Bell have arrived. Rebels in Gettysburg. Ran our cavalry through town; fired on them; no casualties. Horses worn out. Ordered all troops to York, to rendezvous at Camp Franklin. Will be in York at midnight. Cavalry, officers and men, did well. Major Knox specially mentions Corpl. J. R. Wood, Private William A. Davis, and Private George W. Colket.

G. O. HALLER,

Major Seventh Infantry, and Aide-de-Camp.

Headquarters MOUNTED RECRUITING SERVICE,

Harrisburg, Pa., June 26, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Being satisfied that the rebels were in considerable force a few miles west of Carlisle Barracks, and having no means of defense, I retired from that position last night, bringing with me all the munitions of war and movable public property.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. HASTINGS,

Captain First Cavalry, Superintendent.

BALTIMORE, June 26, 1863-3. 15 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

Certainly. Use seventy-five of the wagons and teams, or more, if you need them. As to General Milroy, while you detain his troops

