
from me, I believe it would be better, under all circumstances, to have him with them.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BLOODY RUN, June 26, 1863-10 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Commanding:

Operator reached McConnellsburg; reopened office to-night. Enemy, 5, 000 strong, with ten pieces of artillery; full battery, 6s; four 10s. Left at 12 m. ; direction, Chambersburg. Took large amount of sheep, cattle, horses. General Milroy and staff left here at 5 p. m. Probability our supplies cut off from Harrisburg. Imboden's advance 10 miles this side Hancock to-night.

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, June 26, 1863.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication, * dated yesterday, of the chief engineer for the Defenses, written in consequence of the conversation I had with him in the morning. I need scarcely add that I concur fully in his views. It is also in accordance with the conclusions arrived at by the corps commanders of the Army of the Potomac, held a year ago last March, at General McClellan's headquarters, at Fairfax Court-House. Those conclusions were arrived at when the rebel army had fallen back, most of it already beyond the Rappahannock, in anticipation of an attack on our part by way of the Peninsula. The circumstances are now very different with the rebel army in the Valley of the Shenandoah, and a portion of it beyond the Potomac, on the offensive. Should the casualties or exigencies of the service compel General Hooker's army to uncover Washington, we must be in a condition to meet any force that an enterprising enemy might detach to make an attack upon this city. When the 10, 000 men were sent to General Dix, nearly emptying the rifle-pits, General Hooker's army held the line of the Rappahannock. Since General Hooker has fallen back to the front of the Defenses, he has obtained from this department about 6, 000 cavalry; from General Abercrombie over 8, 000 men; General Crawford's command, 4, 967 men; and Colonel Jewett, from Poolesville, 2, 282 men; making 15, 249, or, including the cavalry and the force sent to General Dix, there have been lost to the Defenses at least 30, 000 veteran soldiers. To replace them, we have the employees of the Quartermaster's and Commissary Departments organized, but they cannot be made at all effective or available unless they are called out once or twice a week until they get some idea of their duties. I respectfully request authority to call out such portions, both in the cities of Washington and

* See letter from Brigadier General J. G. Barnard, chief engineer Defenses of Washington, to Major General S. P. Heintzelman, commanding Department of Washington, dated June 25, 1863, p. 331.

---------------

*See letter from Brig. General J. G. Barnard, chief eng. Defense of Washington, to Major General S. P. Heintzelman, commanding Dept. of Washington, dated June 25, 1863, p. 331.

---------------

