
Alexandria, as can be spared, to show them their posts and duties, and to enable the garrisons to assemble in suitable positions to be made use of for active service. I deem it very important to have the citizens formed into some organization, such as home guards, to aid in the defense in case of an attack. It is very desirable to do so in such a manner as not to add to the unnecessary alarm that already exists. My communication of yesterday will have informed the general of the condition of the garrisons, and the entire want of infantry to line the parapets and rifle-pits. From conversations with the commanding general, I am aware of the difficulty of replacing the troops withdrawn from the Defenses, but I submit these views in the hope that something can be done to make use of the population of the District in defending their own property as well as that of the Government. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

P. S. -How far the militia of the District is organized or can be made available, I am unable to say. If properly organized, the militia might be called out.

Headquarters EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, June 26, 1863.

To the collectors and custom-house officers of Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York: In the present disturbed condition of the country in and adjacent to this military department, the general commanding has to require of each of you aid and co-operation in preventing contraband trade and supplies to the common enemy, while the usual guards and checks are withdrawn, and troops sent away to repel invasion. With this view, it is deemed proper to direct that, until the rebel force is driven out and quiet is restored, and until further orders, you will -

1. Permit no goods whatever to go into the State of Virginia, east of the Allegheny Mountains, excepting into the two counties of Accomac and Northhampton, on the Peninsula, or Eastern Shore of the Chesapeake Bay.

2. That you will grant no permits for any goods to be taken to any part of the States of Maryland or Pennsylvania within the reach of the rebel invading forces, nor to the Eastern or Western Shore counties of the Chesapeake, nor to the State of Delaware, excepting for family supplies, to know loyal persons, or, in small and limited quantities for resale, to such persons of certain and proved loyalty as will give sufficient and satisfactory security that they will sell to none who are not thoroughly loyal, and to them only for their actual and bona fide family wants.

3. That no permits whatever shall be given for the transportation of intoxicating liquors into any territory threatened with invasion, or into any territory occupied by our own troops; nor any into any of the other territories mentioned in this communication, not so invaded or occupied, excepting only is small and limited quantities,

