
for the actual and bona fide use of the parties to whom the permits are granted, and upon their giving satisfactory evidence and security of their loyalty, and that such liquor is in no case for resale. By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Numbers 16. Harrisburg, June 26, 1863.

* * * * * *

V. By direction of the President of the United States, Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana is assigned to the organization and command of the militia and volunteer forces and the defenses of Philadelphia. He will receive instructions from these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Major General D. N. COUCH:

ROBERT LET ROY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PENNSYLVANIA, ss: In the name and by the authority of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Andrew G. Curtin, Governor of the said Commonwealth.

A PROCLAMATION.

The enemy is advancing in force into Pennsylvania. He has a strong column within 23 miles of Harrisburg, and other columns are moving by Fulton and Adams Counties, and it can no longer be doubted that a formidable invasion of our State is in actual progress. The calls already made for volunteer militia in the exigency have not been met as fully as the crisis requires.

I, therefore, now issue this my proclamation, calling for 60, 000 men to come promptly forward to defend the State. They will be mustered into the service of the State for the period of ninety days, but will be required to serve only so much of the period of muster as the safety of our people and honor of out State may require. They will rendezvous at points to be designated in the general orders to be issued this day by the adjutant-general of Pennsylvania, which orders will also set forth the details of the arrangements for organization, clothing, subsistence, equipments, and supplies. I will not insult you be inflammatory appeals. A people who want the heart to defend their soil, their families, and their firesides, are not worthy to be accounted men. Heed not the counsels of evildisposed persons, if such there be in your midst. Show yourselves what you are-a free, loyal, spirited, brave, vigorous race. Do not undergo the disgrace of leaving your defense mainly to the citizens of other States. In defending the soil of Pennsylvania we are contributing to the support of our National Government, and indicating our fidelity to the National cause. Pennsylvania has always heretofore responded promptly to all the calls made by the Federal Govern-

