
Headquarters RIGHT WING,

Middletown, June 27, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Corps:

You will move one here to-night with your command, and hurry up your trains. I have sent you an order, when you arrive in the neighborhood of Jefferson of Burkittsville, to send a brigade and a rifle battery to Crampton's Pass, to relieve Howard's brigade, now occupying the Pass. By command of Major-General Reynolds:

WILLIAM RIDDLE,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.

Headquarters Seventh MICHIGAN CAVALRY,

South Mountain Pass, June 27, 1863-12 m.

Colonel [R. B.] PRICE,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a patrol from my command has just returned from toward Hagerstown, having been within 4 miles of that place. They found no force. Heard reports that enemy had all left Hagerstown this morning, but were said to be fortifying at a short distance beyond, toward Chambersburg. Four hundred cavalry and three pieces of artillery are said to have been sent from Hagerstown back to Jones' Cross-Roads, on the Boonsborough and Williamsport road, this morning, as if to check an expected advance. Report says large quantities of stores are being sent back to Virginia; stores in Hagerstown robbed, &amp;c. With a small re-enforcement, or with permission to take my entire command from here, I should be pleased to make a reconnaissance to Jones' Cross-Roads, 8 miles from here, to learn what force is there. Would like to mountain howitzers.

I have to honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

W. D. MANN,

Colonel Seventh Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS,Middletown, June 27, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the POTOMAC:

Howard and I have sent you forward all the news we have been enabled to collect from Boonsborough. The whole rebel army in Pennsylvania, excepting a force at Williamsport; strength not known. They are sending back all the stock, flour, shoes, groceries, &c., they pick up over the river at Sharpsburg and Williamsport. Stahel's cavalry ought to be out there. He is yet a Frederick. Has been sent for to come here, but has not yet moved, that I can learn. Birney has reached Jefferson, and will be here to-night, encamping on Howard's left. I had sent him an order to relieve Howard's brigade at Crampton's Pass. Before I get the news from Boonsborough, they might be withdrawn entirely. My corps now is encamped on Howard's right; just got into camp; my headquarters will be near it.

