
I had also ordered Howard to send the balance of the division to the South Mountain or Boonsborough Pass before the news came from Boonsborough.

JOHN. F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Boonsborough Gap,

June 27, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD, Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: Upon my arrival here, I made the following disposition of my command: The brigade of Colonel Coster I left in the position which he had taken yesterday, and which met with your approval, excepting one regiment, which he had advanced into the Gap, and which I ordered to rejoin the First Brigade. The Second Brigade, Colonel Smith, occupied the summit of the Gap with three regiments, and has detached one regiment (the Fifty-fifth Ohio) half way between the Gap and the position of the First Brigade. The battery (Captain Wiedrich's) I have also left to remain in its present position with the First Brigade. There is no enemy at Boonsborough, nor in the Valley beyond, and it was for this reason that I have taken no artillery with me to the Gap. In case of necessity, they could be ordered here in about half an hour. The outposts have been placed in such positions as to secure us from any surprise. There is a monument placed upon a hill about one-half mile from here, from which point an extensive and clear view is had of the whole Valley, including the towns of Sharpsburg, Williamsport, Hagerstown, Boonsborough, and also the approaches to the gaps south of us. In this important position I have placed an intelligent officer, furnished with a field glass, who will report to me whatever he may see of movements in the Valley, and which reports I shall forthwith transmit to you, if of any importance. In shall occupy and defend the hill north of this Gap, which commands the turnpike and is easily defended. To guard all the roads which join the turnpike between here and Middletown, is however, beyond the scope of my command. There is no need for it, if our cavalry now in the Boonsborough Valley do at all their duty. My headquarters are at the Mountain House. I am, general, your obedient servant, A. VON

STEINWEHR,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS, FIRST CORPS,Middletown, June 27, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to inclose the within* from Stahel, having obtained the same information from Howard nearly twenty-four hours ago.

---------------

* See Stahel to Reynolds, June 26, p. 334.

---------------

