
Stahel should have sent this information to Poolesville, as directed to send all other, as either you or I would be found there.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 11TH ARMY CORPS, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Middletown, Md., June 27, 1863.

Colonel ASMUSSEN,Chief of Staff:

SIR: A coach-load of passengers came from Hagerstown this morning, leaving that place at 7 a. m. They all unite in saying that between 90, 000 and 100, 000 rebels have passed on toward Pennsylvania. Ewell's, Longstreet's, and Hill's corps have passed through Hagerstown. Lee passed through on yesterday, and the rear guard of Hill's corps were passing this morning. They report that the rebels had over 300 pieces of artillery; 15, 000 rebels went in the direction of Gettysburg, Pa., one the 25th. They have taken a large number of cattle, which they have sent to the rear. Foraging parties were going in every direction, picking up cattle and sheep and other supplies.

Very respectfully,

J. S. ROBINSON,

Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

General Ewell is with Early's division in person, and this column is evidently directed on Gettysburg. They must pass Waynesborough, and have a good pike from there to Gettysburg, and from Gettysburg they have a good pike to return back to the Cumberland Valley, above Carlisle, if they design to.

REYNOLDS.
HDQRS. 11TH ARMY CORPS, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Middletown, Md., June 27, 1863.

Colonel ASMUSSEN,Chief of Staff, Eleventh Corps:

SIR: A second omnibus has just arrived from Hagerstown. Mrs. Fry, one of the passengers, reports that she left Richmond, Va., three weeks ago to-morrow. The rebel troops had all left, with the exception of a small detachment, which was doing guard duty. She reports that she came via Staunton. She says that she left the latter place on Sunday last. Many of the prominent citizens of Richmond had gone to Staunton for security. Nearly all the rebel troops have passed over the Potomac into Maryland. Very truly, J.

S. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS, June 27, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. * I have reports from different sources that Stuart's cavalry, or a part, crossed the river at Shepherdstown last night.

O. O. HOWARD.

---------------

*To headquarters Army of the Potomac.

---------------

