
EDWARDS FERRY, VA., June 27, 1863.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Frederick:

General Sedgwick and a part of his command have arrived, and the trains are rapidly crossing. The supply train of the Fifth Corps and General Crawford's trains are in advance. General Crawford's troops have crossed. The artillery are well out on the road I came. I mention these things, supposing that General Sedgwick is not aware of the telegraph station here.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS, June 27, 1863.

General WILLIAMS:

The reconnoitering party under Major [Shadrack] Foley has just come in. It went about 3 miles beyond Sharpsburg, captured 34 prisoners, and the guard over 1, 260 barrels of flour.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

EDWARDS FERRY, June 27, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

More than one-half my land pontoon train is loaded and on the road to Poolesville. I expect the balance to be loaded in one hour; General Pleasonton's command to be over by 9 p. m., the last bridge up by midnight, and the surplus bridging, over 1, 000 feet, returned with the brigade, to be put in the canal for Washington to-morrow forenoon. It my trains are ready at Poolesvile by to-morrow noon, does the general wish I should precede any of the corps trains now here? Please address me at Poolesville.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

Headquarters, June 27, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM, Knoxville:

Hold your command ready to march at 4 a. m. to-morrow. Colonel Lowell, with a regiment of cavalry, is ordered to report to you. Also two brigades from General French's command will join you at 6 a. m. at Harper's Ferry as you pass. Orders will reach you during the night. Acknowledge. Return the regiment of cavalry now with you to General Pleasonton here. Your command can march light, with ambulances and little or no trains.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

Headquarters, June 27, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM, Knoxville:

The order for your march toward Harper's Ferry countermanded. March your command to this point. Direct Colonel Lowell to report to General French at 7 a. m. to-morrow.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

