
Headquarters, june 27, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Harper's Ferry:

Colonel Lowell, with a regiment of cavalry, is ordered to report to you at 7 a. m. to-morrow. The general directs you to sent all your cavalry to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Williamsport. The general suggests that you cross at Keedysville, looking into rear of Sharpsburg. Acknowledge.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Camp near Frederick City, Md., June 27, 1863.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington:

I am informed that Captain George Gibson, Eleventh Infantry, is relieved at clothing depot in Washington. I would respectfully ask that he be ordered to report to me for duty as clothing officer for a short time. The enemy's rear has passed Hagerstown. We can succeed now, provided all the departments co-operate with each other, and we all act with energy and circumspection. There must be united action. There should be no differences now. The army is in good condition and spirits, and will be led with judgment and bravery. Pennsylvania must resist and offer stout resistance, inch by inch. This army is able to accomplish success in that event. I know you will lend your influence to united and vigorous action everywhere.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 27, 1863.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Care of Captain C. B. Wagner, A. Q. M., Washington, D. C.:

Troops without transportation are being consolidated with this army. I fear I shall need more wagons. Send me one hundred and fifty without delay. A train of sixty empty wagons from Aldie will be at Rockville to-night. Let the wagons you send carry three day's forage, and in charge of a quartermaster, with suitable wagon-masters and teamsters.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Poolesville, Md., June 27, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In compliance with your letter, of which the following is a copy- Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac, June 24, 1863.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: You will proceed without delay to Washington, get the returns, character, and position of troops in General Heintzelman's command; deliver the letter

