
After consultation and examination, I took all the available troops, consisting of General Lockwood's brigade, about 2, 500 strong, put them on the road, in accordance with my instructions, leaving a small garrison for the city of Baltimore, consisting chiefly of New York militia, and, in accordance with your telegraphic instructions, returned to headquarters. I trust that this hastily written report will sufficiently explain to you the reasons which, prevented my accomplishing the mission with which I was intrusted, and prove to you that nothing was neglected by me that could have been done in the premises.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

Headquarters Second MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,

Poolesville, Md., June 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report having received orders at 10 o'clock last night from headquarters Army of the Potomac to report with my command to General Slocum at Knoxville. I have withdrawn all my pickets, and shall leave here at 9 a. m., this date. I am, sir, your obedient servant, C. R. LOWELL, JR., Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry.

Headquarters Department of Washington, June 27, 1863-10. 45 a. m.

Colonel LOWELL, U. S. Army, Care of Colonel Jewett, Poolesville: You will not obey any order from Major-General Hooker ordering you to move until you have instructions from these headquarters. By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel JEWETT:

If Colonel Lowell is not at Poolesville, this must be sent him immediately. By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Alexandria, Va., June 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Rebel cavalry, between 200 and 300, came into Fairfax, and attacked 80 men of Scott's Nine Hundred, about 10 o'clock this morning, between the Court-House and the station. Our men retreated, and have arrived here. No loss. Information derived from two of the men.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

