
Headquarters Department of Washington, June 27, 1863-2. 40 p. m.

(Received 4. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General DE RUSSY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Arlington House.

Five companies of the Scott's Nine Hundred Cavalry have been ordered to report to you as soon as possible. The major-general commanding directs that your order this cavalry to make the necessary reconnaissances in front of the works, and report your orders and the result of the reconnaissances to these headquarters. Colonel Lowell, with five companies of cavalry, is at Poolesville. He will be ordered to make a reconnaissance in front of our works from Poolesville to Alexandria. You will be advised when they start from Poolesville, at what ford they cross the river, and the route they take.

Respectfully,

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS,

June 27, 1863-11. 20 a. m.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

J. H. DEVEREUX,

Superintendent:

General Halleck is raising all the cavalry he can find to send out in front. If no enemy is found in force, General Slough will send out train guards with your men to protect them. Push the stockade as rapidly as possible, using any lumber you can find after the cross-ties are exhausted. Let no men go to work elsewhere until the stockade is finished. To make things as secure as possible, run all your spare engines to Maryland avenue or some convenient place in Washington.

H. HAUPT,

[Brigadier-General.]

Headquarters EIGHTH Army CORPS,

June 27, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

The Forty-seventh New York Infantry, National Guards, Colonel Meserole, has arrived here, and is ordered to proceed to Washington (250 strong).

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, June 27, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General TYLER,

Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

If you are relieved, and can do so, I want you to come here immediately. If not, I must assign General Briggs to a command I designed for you. Answer.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

