
BALTIMORE, MD.,

June 8, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

The following dispatch just received from Milroy:

WINCHESTER, June 8-8. 30 p. m.

[A. G.] Jenkins is still above Strasburg, but the greater part of the rebel cavalry have left the Valley to join Stuart at Culpeper. I learn from various sources that Lee has mounted the whole of Hood's infantry division. Their cavalry force at Culpeper is probably more than twice 12, 000. I would advise that the militia of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Ohio be at once called out, as there is doubtless a mighty raid on foot. A number of foreigners just from Richmond speak of a great movement troops trough Richmond from the South.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General BARNARD,

Washington. D. C.:

GENERAL: You will immediately proceed to Pittsburgh, Pa., and advise with Captain Comstock, Corps of Engineers, in regard to the best means to be adopted for the defense of that place. It is not anticipated that any hostile demonstration will be made against Pittsburgh other than a mere raid, and as any projected works must be constructed by the voluntary labor of the citizens, the projected defenses should be of limited extent and of the most simple character-mere earthen batteries and rifle-pits. Captain Comstock is charged with laying out these works, and you advice and experience, after which you will return to Washington, where your presence is deemed necessary at the present crisis. Brigadier-General Brooks has been appointed to the command of the Department of the Monongahela, of which Pittsburgh is the headquarters. Should he arrive there in time, it will be proper for you to show him these orders. I would also suggest the propriety of your calling on and consulting the mayor and municipal authorities. It should be distinctly understood that there is no appropriation for fortifying Pittsburgh, and no troops which can probably be spared for garrisoning that place. The sole object of your mission and that of Captain Comstock, at the present time, is to give the citizens of Pittsburgh such assistance and instruction as may be practicable in preparing themselves against a possible rebel raid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

----------
HEADQUARTERS, OF THE ARMY, Washington, June 8, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER,

New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: All our information here indicates that nearly all the rebel troops in Georgia and South Carolina have been sent west, to

