
Baltimore, MD., June 27, 1863.

General BUTTERFIELD:

It is proper for me to inform you that, after sending the regiments you required to Monocacy, I have remaining here less than two full militia regiments, the Sixty-ninth and Fifth-fifth New York. This is about one-tenth of the minimum required for manning the defenses I have constructed. What cavalry I have I keep out constantly as vedetts and on scouting duty. The rebels, as General Couch informs me, having taken position of Gettysburg with a force of at least 5, 000, any diversion by Stahel's cavalry, or other movement in that direction, would help to cover Baltimore.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

Headquarters EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,

Baltimore, June 27, 1863-8. 20 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

General Lockwood arrives at the Monocacy to-night. He has with him the Sixth New York Militia, One hundred and fiftieth New York Volunteers, the First Potomac home Brigade Volunteers, and one company of Maryland cavalry. The First Eastern Shore Infantry will arrive there to-morrow. Please have the section of battery sent up with the Sixth New York Militia to the Monocacy returned; it is greatly needed here.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

Headquarters Army of the POTOMAC,

June 27, 1863-10. 27 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

The Sixth New York State Militia and the section of battery will be ordered to return to you to-night. Some of our batteries were sent into Washington, and could be sent to you for temporary duty in your defenses.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

BALTIMORE, June 27, 1863-11. 16 p. m.

Commanding Officer, Havre de Grace, Md.:

Have your men watchful all along the line. A small cavalry force of rebels or a little squad of Copperheads may attempt mischief, and you must be prepared to make them suffer it they do. Keep me constantly informed of all that occurs.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] Headquarters Eighth Army CORPS,

Baltimore, Md., June 27, 1863.

There is an association existing in the city of Baltimore known as the " Maryland Club. " The meetings of this body and of those who

