
Headquarters Department of the SUSQUEHANNA,

June 27, 1863.

Colonel PIERCE, Bloody Run:

You may have to exercise large powers as regards your command. You understand that you hold in check the rebels, and cover the country. Harass them, and do not be cut off.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

YORK, June 27, 1863.

Major-General COUCH:

Off toward Wrightsville and Columbia. The enemy approaching with the Gettysburg force, about 4, 000. Will respect private property if not resisted, and borough authorities wish no resistance.

G. O. HALLER,

Major Seventh Infantry, and Aide-de-Camp.

HARRISBURG, PA., June 27, 1863.

(Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

There are 2, 075 New York troops mustered into the United States service, and 5, 131 not mustered. D. N. COUCH, Major-General.

HARRISBURG, June 27, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I respectfully ask that the instructions sent to Generals Couch and Brooks be so modified as to authorize them to provide uniforms for all men called into the field for ninety days, unless sooner discharged, that may serve in their respective departments. As all other supplies are to be furnished, I cannot understand why this single exception should be made. I have made a call for 60, 000 men, and, if compelled to go into the market to purchase uniforms, must call the Legislature to provide means and such other authority as they may deem necessary. This should be avoided for reasons which you can appreciate, and because it will also greatly enhance the cost of the large supplies needed by the General Government, and delay the prompt organization. Officers which apparently are greatly needed to aid our national armies in checking the advance of rebel armies into the free States [sic]. I submit for your consideration whether the delay and other matters referred to may not be fatal to some of the best interests of the General Government, and beseech you to remedy the matter. A definite reply to-day will enable me to decide upon the course that I must pursue.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

