
HARRISBURG, June 27, 1863.

(Received 12. 30 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: You should promptly order that uniforms be furnished to all men called into camp under the Governor's proclamation of this morning. By so doing, you will economize for the General Government, and avoid the calling of the Legislature of Pennsylvania. Knowing the situation of matters here and the temper of our people, that call should not be made a necessity, to the State Government. I cannot use language strong enough to impress upon you my belief in the necessity of immediate action in this matter. The rebels are now in Carlisle, 18 miles from the capital.

SIMON CAMERON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 27, 1863-12. 40 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg:

If it should be deemed expedient by the authority of the State to issue clothing to the troops that may come out under the call of the Governor of Pennsylvania, it will be furnished, upon the requisition of the Governor, in writing or by telegraph, to the Quartermaster-General or this Department. To the troops that may be sworn into the service of the United States you can issue, under your instructions, without further authority.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 27, 1863-1. 45 p. m.

Major-General BROOKS, Pittsburgh:

Directions have been given to the Quartermaster-General to furnish, upon the requisition of the Governor, uniforms to the State troops that may answer the Governor's call. Those who are sworn into the United States service will be supplied upon your requisition. EDWIN

M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 27, 1863.

Colonel [GEORGE H.] CROSMAN,

Assistant Quartermaster-General, Philadelphia:

The Quartermaster-General has been instructed to issue, upon the requisition of the Governor of Pennsylvania, uniforms to the troops that may be organized upon the Governor's call. In order to avoid any delay, the instruction is also given to you that, upon the Governor's requisition, you may issue clothing to the State volunteers, keeping an accurate account thereof. You will also issue upon the requisitions of General Couch and General Brooks for their respective commands.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

