
WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 27, 1863-3. 10 p. m.

His Excellency Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg:

The President has referred your telegram respecting uniforms for State troops to this Department. Instructions have been given to the Quartermaster-General to furnish clothing to State troops organized under your call, upon your requisition on the Quartermaster-General or upon the Department. The requisition should specify the places where they are wanted, and the probable number at each place, in order that they may be forwarded to the different points without delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 27, 1863-3. 10 p. m.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Harrisburg:

The President has referred your telegram of this date to me for answer. Instructions have been given to the Quartermaster-General to furnish uniforms to State troops upon the requisition of the Governor of the State. You re aware that officers in the field can only issue clothing to persons in the United States service, and that for State troops such supplies should be called for by the State Executive. Whenever Governor Curtin makes his requisition on the Quartermaster-General or the Department, supplies will be furnished to the extent of the means possessed by the Government.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, N. Y., June 27, 1863.

(Received 5. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am sending to Washington every man able to do service. They are also sending all the militia of the city to Pennsylvania. I will have not exceed 700 men to garrison the forts in the harbor. Major-General Halleck has called for the company stationed at Sandy Hook, in the fort under construction, to man the guns already mounted. They cannot be spared. To send them away with the Roanoke will cause great excitement among friends as well as foes, and you have now too many of the latter in this city.

JOHN. E. WOOL,

Major-General.

Headquarters,

Philadelphia, Pa., June 27, 1863.

Major JOHN. S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Susquehanna:

In obedience to the order received by telegraph from department headquarters yesterday, I have assumed command of this post, and await with some anxiety the instructions indicated in that dispatch. This city, as it now stands, is almost entirely defenseless, there being not more than 400 men on guard here, and about 600 disabled convalescents in hospitals,

