
There are no defensive works of any kind, excepting on the Delaware below, and I have thought it necessary to decide to accept the services of Professor [A. D.] Bache and his assistants, who had previously tendered them to the civil authorities, for the purpose of making a military examination of the country preparatory to the erection of works, in case they are ordered to be built, or in event of the emergency compelling me to proceed in work, without further instructions. There are ten pieces of artillery and about 500 stand of arms at the disposal of the mayor of the city, which can be issued to such forces as shall be organized, but I do know that it is intended to muster any troops into the service of the United States for any shorter period, or in any other manner than has been practiced at Harrisburg. I desire to know the extent of authority to be delegated to me regarding mustering troops into service, erection of fortifications, employment of citizens to work on them, and procuring and issuing arms and supplies.

N. J. DANA,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 27, 1863-7. 05 p. m.

Major-General DANA, Philadelphia:

An application made by several citizens of Philadelphia * to the Department, requesting authority be given to you to declare martial law in that city, has been submitted to the President, who directs that if, in your opinion, any necessity exists to declare martial law, you report the facts to him, and upon such report he will give such instructions as may appear to him to be proper.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Headquarters, Philadelphia, June 27, 1863.

(Received 9. 20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

From the information I possess, I see no more reason immediately to declare martial law here than exists in other parts of Pennsylvania. If the enemy moves to the attack of this place, it will then be necessary, and I will report facts when the necessity exists, in my opinion. I ought, however, to have authority to arm and supply the citizens, who, under call of myself and the mayor, may by willing to organize for home defense or work on fortifications, and also to pay men who work. N. J. T. DANA, Major-General.

ASTOR HOUSE, N. Y., June 27, 1863

(Received 2. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Twelve regiments of my division are now at Harrisburg and Baltimore. Another will leave on Monday. I propose to go Harris-

---------------

*Messrs. J. R. Fry, S. M. Felton, J. Edgar Thompson, and others.

---------------

