
burg, and take command of them. If you approve of this, please send me a telegram directing the mustering officer at Harrisburg to muster myself and staff into the service from the 16th instant. They have all been on duty from that day.

C. W. SANDFORD,

[Major-General.]

H. C., [HARRISBURG,], June 27, 1863.

J. H. BLACK:

Rebels have taken possession of York. Town surrendered about 5 p. m. Send engines and trains. Have all taken to Wrightsville. Give such aid as you can. Get them all over the bridge, and defend that structure to the last moment. The rebels must not get a footing on this side of the Susquehanna. Can you keep them off? I hope every man will place a musket to his shoulder, and never surrender the town.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

NEW YORK, June 27, 1863.

Honorable Gideon WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: The iron-clad steamer Roanoke ought not to be taken from this great emporium, from which you are supplied with money and almost everything to carry on the war against the rebels. The militia, as well as all the troops, excepting about 700, are ordered elsewhere. To take the Roanoke from this city at the present moment will produce a very great excitement among all classes-friends as well as foes.

JOHN. E. WOOL,

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C.

June 27, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

Major General JOHN. E. WOOL, New York:

Your dispatch of to-day received. The orders of the Roanoke cannot be changed. If the troops are taken out of the numerous forts, so that their guns cannot be manned. I suggest that you call for volunteers or militia to man them. They Navy has important work for its ships which will be neglected if they remain at anchor where there are plenty of forts and guns. The iron-clad Passaic is in New York Harbor ready for action.

GIDEON WELLES.

NEW YORK, June 27, 1863.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES:

SIR: I learn from General Wool that so large a share of the troops garrisoning the fortifications of this harbor have been forwarded to the seat of war, that they cannot be relied on to prevent the approach of armed vessels. I must, therefore, ask that the Roanoke be left in

