
Headquarters,

Fort Preble, Me., June 27, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

In the private note-book of Lieutenant C. W. Read, Confederate States Navy, I find as follows: The latest news from Yankeedom tells us that there are over twenty gunboats in search of us. They have the description of the Taconey, and overhaul every vessel that resembles her. During the night we transferred all our things on board the schooner Archer. At 2 a. m. set fire to the Taconey, and stood west. the schooner Archer is a fishing vessel of 90 tons, sails well, and is easily handled. No Yankee gunboat would ever dream of suspecting us. I therefore think that we will dodge our pursuers for a short time. It is my intention to go along the coast, with the view of burning the shipping in some exposed harbor, or cutting out a steamer.

The above appears to have been written since the night of June 24. The schooner taken to-day is the Archer, of Southport.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Major Seventeenth Infantry, Commanding Post.

PORTLAND, ME., June 27, 1863-9. 40 p. m.

Honorable SALMON P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury:

The party which cut out the cutter Cushing were part of the crew of the bark Taconey, which vessel, as appears by her log-book, in my possession, they burned June 25, and transferred her armament to the schooner Archer, which we have captured and stripped. They intended to burn the two gunboats here, transfer the Archer's armament to the cutter, and burn and destroy on the coast of Maine. The men are in Fort Preble, under guard, but I would recommend their commitment to Portland jail. Lieutenant C. W. Read, of the Confederate Navy, was in command of the men, and is a prisoner.

J. JEWETT,

Collector.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GENERAL 'S OFFICE,

No. 194. Washington, June 27, 1863.

By direction of the President Major General Joseph Hooker is relieved from command of the Army of the Potomac, and Major General George G. Meade is appointed to the command of that army, and of the troops temporarily assigned to duty with it. By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GENERAL 'S OFFICE,Numbers 286. Washington, June 27, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General H. Haupt, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby authorized and directed to do whatever he may deem expedient to facilitate the

24 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

