
raise the siege of Vicksburg, and that those in North Carolina have been brought north to re-enforce General Lee. If such is really the case, it is suggested that your army corps could resume offensive operations, destroy railroads, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HALLECK,

General-in- Chief.
HDQRS. SECOND AND THIRD CAVALRY DIVISIONS,June 8, 1863.

Colonel [DUFFIE]:

The general commanding directs that you move your division to Morrisville this afternoon. General Buford will relieve the portion of your command now on picket. When relieved, this force will proceed at one to Morrisville. Your entire wagon train will accompany your command. In addition to the seven days' rations (three of which are carried in the haversacks), your wagons will carry as much forage as possible to Morrisville. Each trooper must have 15 pounds of forage on his horse. It is much desired that your command should reach Morrisville as early as possible in the afternoon, not after sunset, if it can be avoided. Your entire division and all its material will move.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 5TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 37. Baltimore, Md., June 8, 1863.

The following order of the President of the United States has been received at these headquarters, and is published for the information of all officers and soldiers of this command:

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City,

June 6, 1863.

Ordered, that Brigadier General D. Tyler be assigned to duty in the Middle Department, as senior brigadier in the Middle Department, without regard to priority in date of commission.

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

CAMP NEAR KETTLE RUN,

June 9, 1863-9. 10 a. m.

Brigadier General A. PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Beverly Ford:

Your two dispatches just received. I will immediately order the cars, and will also send the whole train which arrives here to Bealeton at once.

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

