
Headquarters Eleventh Corps,

Middletown, Md., June 28, 1863-6. 30 a. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Frederick, Md.:

GENERAL: The following dispatch has just been received from Lieutenant J. H. Carr, First Indiana Cavalry, who is on a scouting tour, to wit:

MECHANICSTOWN, June 27, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. ASMUSSEN,

Chief of Staff, Eleventh Corps:

I leave immediately for Emmitsburg. General Hill's division lies at Waynesborough. The rebels are pressing all the mills to grind flour, which they haul away as fast as ground. One brigade of cavalry just arrived here. Shall report to you from Emmitsburg. Respectfully,

J. H. CARR,

Lieutenant.

The above is transmitted for your information.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

Headquarters Artillery reserve, Camp near Frederick, Md., June 28, 1863-7. 20 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In the absence of General Tyler, who is now at general headquarters, I have the honor respectfully to state, in reply to your communication of this a. m., that nine batteries were sent to Washington the morning of June 25, viz: Thirtieth New York Independent Battery; Thirty-second New York Independent Battery; Twelfth Ohio Battery; Battery B, First Maryland Artillery; Battery C, First Pennsylvania Artillery; Battery H, First Rhode Island Artillery; Keystone Battery, together with Schuetz's [K, Tenth Michigan] and Borrowe's [H, Pennsylvania Light] batteries of the Pennsylvania Reserves. The first five batteries above mentioned took with them twenty-eight guns (twelve 3-inch, ten light 12-pounders, and six 10-pounder Parrotts). Of the remaining four batteries, I am not able to give you the number of guns, as they merely reported for duty, and moved directly to Arlington Heights, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 173, headquarters Army of the Potomac, June 25, 1863. The batteries belonging to the old organization of the Artillery Reserve, sent to Washington, are the Thirtieth New York Independent Battery and the Thirty-second New York Independent Battery, and their places were filled by the Ninth Massachusetts Battery and the Second Connecticut Battery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters, June 28, 1863-7. 30 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move to New Market instead of Frederick, as ordered.

I am, very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

