
The sorrow of parting with the comrades of so many battles is relieved by the conviction that the courage and devotion of this army will never cease nor fail; that it will yield to my successor, as it has to me, a willing and hearty support. With the earnest prayer that the triumphs of its arms may bring successes worthy of it and the nation, I bid it farewell.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

General ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 67, June 28, 1863.

By direction of the President of the United States, I hereby assume command of the Army of the Potomac. As a soldier, in obeying this order-an order totally unexpected and unsolicited-I have no promises or pledges to make. The country looks to this army to relieve it from the devastation and disgrace of a hostile invasion. Whatever fatigues and sacrifices we may be called upon to undergo, let us have in view constantly the magnitude of the interests involved, and let each man determine to do his duty, leaving to an all-controlling Providence the decision of the contest. It is with just diffidence that I relieve in the command of this army an eminent and accomplished soldier, whose name must ever appear conspicuous in the history of its achievements; but I rely upon the hearty support of my companions in arms to assist me in the discharge of the duties of the important trust which has been confided to me.

GEO, G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Frederick, Md.,June 28, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

(Received 3. 20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I shall return to-night. I have been waiting for the formal issue of the order of the late commander before telegraphing. This is now written. I have had a chance to ascertain the state of feeling and internal condition of the army. There is cause for satisfaction with it. The late commander leaves for Baltimore this afternoon.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.]

Headquarters Army of the POTOMAC, June 28, 1863.

The arrangements for guarding the approaches to Frederick against any possible dash of cavalry for the night, will be as follows: From Monocacy Junction to the bridge above Carroll Creek, near L. M Thomas', Second Corps. From that point to George Schultz's, on the road to Hamburg, Eleventh Corps.

