
From that point to the Middletown road, near D. R. Miller's, First Corps. From that point to Zimmerman's, on Ballinger's Creek, Twelfth Corps. From that point to connect with the Second Corps, by Ballinger's Creek and the Monocacy, Fifth Corps. Corps commanders will guard their trains and camps on marches and halts. The corps camped outside of the limits mentioned will make proper dispositions for their vicinity. A staff officer from each corps will report for orders, and the positions of the corps, morning and evening. All the corps will be ready to march at daylight to-morrow. Corps commanders will avail themselves of every opportunity to replenish their supplies. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.]

Headquarters ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 28, 1863.

The army will march to-morrow as follows:

4 a. m. -The First Corps, Major-General Reynolds, by Lewistown and Mechanicstown, to Emmitsburg, keeping to the left of the road from Frederick to Lewistown, between J. P. Crammer's and where the road branches to Utica and Creagerstown, to enable the Eleventh Corps to march parallel with it.

4 a. m. - The Eleventh Corps, Major-General Howard, by Utica and Creagerstown, to Emmitsburg.

4 a. m. -The Twelfth Corps, by Ceresville, Walkersville, and Woodsborough, to Taneytown.

4 a. m. - The Second Corps, by Johnsville, Liberty, and Union, to Frizellburg.

4 a. m. -The Third Corps, by Woodsborough and Middleburg (from Walkersville), to Taneytown. The Fifth Corps will follow the Second Corps, moving at 8 a. m., camping at Union. The Sixth Corps, by roads to the right of the Fifth and Second Corps, to New Windsor. The Reserve Artillery will precede the Twelfth Corps, at 4 a. m., and camp between Middleburg and Taneytown. General Lockwood with his command will report to, and march with, the Twelfth Corps. The engineers and bridge train will follow the Fifth Corps. Headquarters will move at 8 a. m., and be to-morrow night at Middleburg. Headquarters train will move by Ceresville and Woodsborough to Middleburg at 8 a. m. The cavalry will guard the right and left flanks and the rear, and give the commanding general information of the movements, &amp;c., of the enemy in front. Corps commander and commanders of detached brigades will report, by a staff officer, their position to-morrow night, and all marches in future. The corps moving on the different lines will keep up communication from time to time, if necessary.

