
Ridgeville, and thence scout in the direction of Ellicott's Mills, to prevent this force from injuring the railroad and telegraph lines. Report the departure of this force, and let them communicate with you often.

I am, very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Headquarters Cavalry Corps, Frederick City,

June 28, 1863.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has been informed that the stores at Edwards Ferry were left unprotected. He therefore directs that you detach one regiment from the force you have just been directed to send out, with orders to proceed to Edwards Ferry, and cover the withdrawal of all public property at that point.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters First Cavalry Brigade,

Gettysburg, June 28, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General STAHEL,

Commanding Division:

We have just arrived with the column at this place, and find no enemy. The day before yesterday, at 3 p. m., a force of infantry, estimated at 2, 000, with six pieces of artillery and 200 cavalry, under Colonel White, passed into the town, and out again at daylight yesterday morning. They destroyed the railroad bridge near here, and helped themselves to everything they needed in town. They went out on the road to York, and it is reported here that White, with his cavalry, branched off to Hanover Junction from a place called Abbottstown. Nothing has been heard from that place. At the same time that the enemy arrived here, a large camp of them was seen on a road 4 miles north of this place, which also leads to York, and during that night the troops proceeded in that direction. The citizens who observed them report an estimate of 6, 000 infantry and twenty cannon (counted). The train belonging to these troops did not get past here till yesterday afternoon. All the enemy came from Chambersburg, and they stated they were going to York, and to cut railroad communication at Hanover Junction. I have camped my men east of the city, where there is plenty of grass, and I think I can get grain for them. I shall picket the York, Chambersburg, and hanover roads, and patrol communications between them. A report has just been brought in that the enemy encamped last night at Abbottstown. By order of Brigadier-General Copeland:

F. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

