
[Indorsement.]

Headquarters Cavalry Corps, June 29, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general. By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICK, June 28, 1863-6 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Harper's Ferry:

The major-general commanding would like to know what number of men you consider sufficient to hold the Heights against any coup de main; also if your command is ready to move to-morrow.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, Camp near Frederick City,

June 28, 1863.

General M. C. Meigs,

Quartermaster-General, Washington:

General Meade is in command. The army has confidence in him. We must all support him. After the late long marches in wet weather, many shoes will be needed. Will you please order forward at once 10, 000 pairs of bootees and same number of socks, for issue as the corps pass here?

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

Quartermaster-General's OFFICE,

Washington, June 28, 1863-4. 05 p. m.

General INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster,

Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

The boots and socks will be ordered, and will be sent as soon as a safe route and escort can be found. Last fall I gave orders to prevent the sending of wagon trains from this place to Fredrick without escort. The situation repeats itself, and gross carelessness and inattention to military rule has this morning cost us 150 wagons and 900 mules, captured by cavalry between this and Rockville. Yesterday morning a detachment of over 400 cavalry moved from this place to join the army. This morning 150 wagons were sent without escort. Had the cavalry been delayed or the wagons hastened, they could have been protected and saved. All the cavalry of the Defenses of Washington was swept off by the army, and we are now insulted by burning wagons 3 miles outside of Tennallytown. Your communications are now in hands of General Fitzhugh Lee's brigade.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

