
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 28, 1863-7 p. m.

General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The clothing ordered starts in about an hour by rail, with a special messenger in charge. The train takes 20, 000 pairs bootees and 10, 000 pairs socks, and the coal ordered yesterday, which could not be sent on train last night. Twenty-five teams, without wagons, sent this a. m. to Edwards Ferry, to haul down pontoons, were captured, in addition to the 150 wagons started for Frederick. [William] Stoddard has about 600, 000 pounds grain loaded, which can all go on one train. Shall I send it all? Please answer at once.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, June 28, 1863.

General H. W. HALLECK,Commanding U. S. Army, Washington:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I yesterday sent your order to Colonel Lowell, to have his cavalry remain in the vicinity of Poolesville, with a request that, if he had left, it should be sent after him. He has not been heard from, and I fear that he has joined with his command the Army of the Potomac. This will leave the Potomac unguarded from the fortifications of Washington to the mouth of the Monocacy, and enables a small force of guerrillas to cross into Maryland, destroy the canal, and interrupt the railroad communication between Washington and Baltimore. We know that there is now a force of guerrillas, numbering several hundred, in our immediate vicinity. I am left without sufficient cavalry to prevent their crossing whenever it may suit their convenience.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

P. S. -I have since learned that Colonel Lowell is at Sandy Hook, and will return immediately. Fitzburgh Lee, with his brigade of cavalry, was yesterday at 3 p. m. at Annandale, and is now in the vicinity of Fairfax Court-House.

BALTIMORE, June 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

A. A. G., Chief of Staff, Defenses of Washington:

We have no cavalry whatever to send on the Baltimore and Washington Railroad, and no companies of infantry excepting what are now stationed on the line.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

