
I get it from several, among them a man said to be a Union man, who was taken near here, carried to Rockville, and parole. They took all the horses about here. It was some of Stuart's men that burned the wagon train. Two of the teamsters escaped. The rest were all taken. One of the teamsters is near here, wounded. Wire is in bad condition beyond me, and will be impossible for me to repair, as three poles have been out down and the wire taken away. The wagons are badly burned; some of them entirely destroyed. They left about one hour ago. I will go to Rockville if you desire, but cannot mend wire. Please give me orders.

CAMDEN STATION,

Baltimore, June 28, 1863.

(Received 7. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Schenck is advised that a strong brigade of Confederate cavalry has crossed the Potomac above Washington, near Poolesville, and that it is undoubtedly making its way to the Washington Branch Railroad. General Meade telegraphs General Schenck to increase the force at Ellicott's Mills, with orders to hold that bridge, and also the Relay House, at all hazards. General Schenck has ordered a regiment of 375 men from Baltimore to the Relay, for which transportation is now waiting. The Sixth New York, from the Monocacy, will also be sent to the Relay, reaching that point about 8 this p. m. He will also send the Third Potomac Home Brigade, to protect the important bridges at Elysville. The force between the Relay and Washington is small. If such an attack as stated is to be made, increased forces should be placed at once to cover the principal bridges, viz: At Bladensburg, Laurel, and Savage. Rumors have been rife for some days past that it is the determination of the enemy to destroy the road between Baltimore and Washington. I am satisfied too much vigilance cannot be exercised to maintain this vital communication. General Schenck states he can do no more from Baltimore.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry,June 28, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

Five thousand reliable men could make a practicable defense. I do not consider the force here stronger than that. I have made no preparations beyond having three days' rations on hand, not anticipating being moved without renewed notice. WM. H. FRENCH, Major-General of Volunteers.

