
PHILADELPHIA, PA.,

June 28, 1863.

(Received 1. 20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

While I was present at the outer depot of the Pennsylvania Railroad a few moments since, J. Edgar Thompson; David Salomons, a noted rebel sympathizer; F. Haskins Dupuy, president Cattawissa Railroad, and a Mr. Davis, were making arrangements to send Mr. Davis to New York by the first train, to request Major-General McClellan to resign his position, and come to Philadelphia and take military charge of things generally. Mr. Davis left the office, to make his arrangements accordingly. I begged them to desist, and then charged Mr. Salomons with being a rebel, and gave them notice that I would inform the Government of their intentions. This I consider, from all the circumstances transpiring, an attempt to usurp the powers of Government. I send this with the knowledge and request of General Dana, after consultation.

C. A. WALBORN,

Postmaster.

P. S. -Awaiting reply. Send orders to General Dana.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Numbers 18. Harrisburg, June 28, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

V. Major J. E. Wynkoop, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, will relieve Captain Brisbin, and assume command of the cavalry.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major General D. N. Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Harrisburg, Pa., June 28, 1863.

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I beg leave to present to you the following as my views of the composition of the volunteer militia force, called out by your latest proclamation: There should be 3, 000 men rendezvoused at Huntington; 17, 000 rendezvoused at Harrisburg; 20, 000 rendezvoused at Reading; the total making 40, 000 men, the proper quota of the new force for the Department of the Susquehanna. Out of this number there should be 3, 000 mounted riflemen, who would furnish their own horses, to be paid by the Government 40 cents per diem for the use of horses, twenty companies of artillery, each having a battery of four pieces and 100 men. Deducting these from the total force, it would leave 35, 000 infantry.

Very respectfully, yours,

D. M. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

