
The following is the indorsement of Governor Curtin upon the foregoing: General Couch will please hand this to General Russell. The arrangement is, in my judgment, excellent.

A. G. CURTIN.

NEW YORK, June 28, 1863.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington:

SIR: I telegraphed you last night in relation to the retention in this port of the iron-clad steamer Roanoke. In reply, you say that your orders in relation to her future disposition cannot be revoked. I regret to learn this, for since then I have examined the navy-yard. There is, save the Roanoke, no vessel that will be fit for service under some ten days. I again repeat that this great emporium, from which both army and navy receive their supplies as well as pay, ought not to be left without means of defense. The volunteers and militia of this city are being sent to Pennsylvania, to aid in the defense of that State. We shall be at the mercy of any privateer that may think proper to assail this city. The temptation is, indeed, great, for the lack of men to man the guns in the forts of the harbor.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

P. S. -I was accompanied in my visit to the navy-yard by ex-Governor Morgan, now United States Senator.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C.,

June 28, 1863-9. 10 p. m.

Rear-Admiral HIRAM PAULDING,

Commandant Navy-Yard, New York:

The French minister requests me to ask you to say to the French admiral that he wishes a steamer sent around to Washington immediately. The Roanoke is very much needed in Hampton Roads.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C.,

June 28, 1863-9. 20 p. m.

Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Comdg. N. Atlantic Blockading Squadron, Hampton Roads:

Send the Shokokon to Annapolis, to communicate with the military commandant, and there remain until further orders. Send the Dai Ching to Washington. When the Roanoke arrives at Hampton Roads, send the Lehigh to Washington.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary.

