
NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 28, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

(Received 9. 45 p. m.)

Admiral S. P. LEE, Newport News:

Fitzhugh Lee captured a wagon train near Tennallytown. He had about 300 cavalry. All your people came in to the judge's and will remain there. In addition to the Secretary's order this evening, I think you had better send up the Aquia Creek boat you have, and, if the communication is cut between here and Baltimore, which is probable, an attempt will be made to add to the panic by moving field pieces to prominent points on the Potomac. In that event, a couple more of gunboats ought to be here, as we have sent one from here to guard the Havre de Grace ferry, and may have to send one into the Gunpowder and one into Back River, to guard the bridges.

G. V. FOX.

[P. S.]-The Taconey's career is ended by the capture of Lieutenant Read and his party.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C.,

June 28, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

(Received 9. 50 p. m.)

Rear-Admiral HIRAM PAULDING,

Commandant Navy-Yard, Brooklyn, N. Y.:

Send the Fuchsia and Tulip around to Washington as early as practicable.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary.

WASHINGTON, June 28, 1863.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary, Navy Department:

DEAR SIR: It is quite possible that Lee's cavalry may cut the Washington and Baltimore road. If so, Annapolis will become a most important position. I therefore respectfully suggest the propriety of sending a gunboat to that place, if you have one available.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, June 28, 1863.

(Received 8. 20.)

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President:

The services of Colonel Ruff, Third Cavalry, U. S. Army, are indispensably necessary to me in this, his native State, in this emergency. A graduate of West Point, an experience and thoroughly educated soldier, I entreat you to appoint him a general officer, with instructions to report immediately to General Couch, to take charge of and organize the 60, 000 militia of the State just called out by my proclamation. Colonel Ruff is now stationed at Philadelphia.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

