
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Numbers 1. Clarksburg, Va., June 28, 1863.

In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 186, War Department, of June 24, 1863, I assume command of the Department of West Virginia. The departmental lines embrace that portion of the Middle Department west of Hancock, Md., and also the counties of Ohio bordering on the river between Belmont County and a point opposite the mouth of the Big Sandy. The staff will be announced in subsequent orders.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NEW CREEK, W. VA., June 28, 1863.

Colonel TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Just returned from Wheeling, where I have been to confer with the Governors of Virginia and Ohio regarding the militia. I will, on Tuesday, establish my headquarters at Clarksburg. Nothing new. All quiet. Trains are running regularly from Cumberland to Wheeling. Imboden's force is opposite Hancock. A refugee from Richmond came through Winchester on Thursday night, having been turned back on Tuesday by Ewell, who was then at Sharpsburg with his corps. He reports General Lee at Berryville on Wednesday. A portion of Longstreet's corps passed through Winchester toward Martinsburg on Thursday. Saw no troops between Winchester and this place, but says there was a large force at Winchester, or passing through.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 28, 1863-6. 15 p. m.

Governor BOREMAN, Wheeling, W. Va.:

Your telegram referred to in your dispatch of to-day was received and acknowledged, and General Kelley, the commander of the department, was instructed to confer with you. The number of volunteers called for from your State was conjectural. It is expected only that you will furnish as many as you can. The manner of raising them is left to the State Executive, subject to the general regulations of the Department. Any information on the subject will be obtained by communicating with Colonel Fry, Provost-Marshal-General, the officer of this Department who has the matter in charge.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 28, 1863-1 a. m.

(Received 2. 15 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just arrived here with the last of the six regiments of Massachusetts militia that I was to send. I came in person to see that

