
there was no delay in getting the transports across the Swash Channel and to this point. I have brought General Prince to command the brigade of Massachusetts militia. General Spinola's brigade, of Pennsylvania, was embarking at Beaufort, and should be here to-morrow. General Naglee was telegraphed to be here, to take command of the division formed by these two brigades. I propose to return to New Berne to-morrow, unless you direct me to wait for any instructions that you may wish to give me. I am prepared to carry out your instructions in regard to divisions, and will endeavor to make them effective, even with my small force.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington,

June 28, 1863- 10. 20 a. m.

Major-General FOSTER, Fort Monroe, Va.:

The troops brought by you will be turned over to General Dix for temporary duty. Judging from all reports received, nearly all the rebel troops have been withdrawn from North Carolina and Southern Virginia. I have no special instructions.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, White House,June 28, 1863.

General CORCORAN,

Commanding at Suffolk:

Destroy the entrenchments at Suffolk as speedily and thoroughly as you can, but do not sacrifice thoroughness to haste. The forts should be completely demolished. If necessary, impress negroes into your service for the purpose, directing the quartermaster to keep an account of their work, so that they may be fully paid. When the works have been destroyed, fall back to the new line near Portsmouth and Norfolk. When you leave Suffolk, you will take care that there is no destruction of private property by your men. I shall hold you responsible for any violation of this order, which is not intended merely for your brigade but for all the troops under you command.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Monocacy Junction,June 29, 1863-7 a. m.

[General BUTTERFIELD:]

GENERAL: I regret to say that my command is only now leaving. This delay of three hours is caused by the order having been left with an irresponsible person at these headquarters, a clerk, who failed to deliver it.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

