
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1863.

The commanding general greatly regrets the delay within reported, and thinks that the person to whom the order was delivered should be brought to punishment. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

The man in question has already been brought to punishment. I took every precaution. Now, I intend to have all orders promptly delivered. I regret the delay. I shall try to make up the most of it by short cuts and rapid marching. Such a mistake can hardly occur again.

Your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1863.

General H. H. LOCKWOOD, Monocacy Junction:

If you have not already done so, the commanding general desires that you will at once send to Maryland Heights the detachment of the Fourteenth New Jersey Infantry left at Monocacy, the detachment to be relieved by troops of your command.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RIDGEVILLE, June 29, 1863.

Captain WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am at this point. I have sent one regiment to Cooksville, one to Lisbon, and one to Poplar Springs. I have not yet heard from the advanced regiment that was sent to Cooksville. It is reported that Stuart, with five brigades, was making for Cooksville. A rebel prisoner captured, and with whom I conversed this morning, says they were to encamp there (at Cooksville) last night. I have just heard that the telegraph wires are cut between here and Baltimore. A train of cars at Mount Airy are afraid to go through. I will push a few scouts down the railroad from Mount Airy to Sykesville, with instructions to go as far as possible. I think it would be advisable to push Gregg's brigade up here as rapidly as possible. I have established the patrol on the railroad from this place to Monocacy Bridge. There is a regiment of infantry here from Baltimore. This rebel prisoner states that a large wagon train and mules were captured at Rockville yesterday.

Respectfully,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding First and Second Brigades.

