
of the force to strengthen the detachment at Banks' Ford, and putting the balance within easy supporting distance of any portion of your command for the duties which have been heretofore assigned you. If you desire more batteries, your requisitions will be filled from the Reserve Artillery. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

DANIEL BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

-----------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Falmouth, Va., June 3, 1863.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that some deserters came in this evening, who reported that the enemy would make

an effort to cross the river to-morrow morning. We have no means of ascertaining the truth or falsity of the report, bat it is well to be amply prepared.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANIEL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

-------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 3, 1863 - 10. 15 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK:

The major-general commanding directs that you have reveille at daylight; your command at arms for half an hour after, your batteries harnessed, and everything in readiness for any movement that may be ordered.

DANIEL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

(Copy sent by telegraph and orderlies to First, Second, Third, Eleventh, and Twelfth Corps, Cavalry Corps, Reserve Artillery,

and Engineers.)

----------
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, Md., June 3, 1863.

(Copy received, War Department, 6. 10 a. m.)

General R. H. MILROY,Winchester:

The artillery company asked for has been ordered, and the Fifth Maryland is hurrying on to you. The general commanding directs you to act with caution, keep him advised, and fall back, when forced, in the direction of Harper's Ferry or Martinsburg, as your better judgment may dictate.

DONN PIATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.

----------

JUNE 4, 1863-9. 20 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Stoneman's Switch:

Third Corps have been ordered to relieve your pickets and railroad guard. It will not probably be accomplished before afternoon. The

