
mand as may be necessary, and order them to report to Major-General Heintzelman. This force should not exceed 3, 000 men, and, of course, in your discretion, may be less than that. The headquarters of this army will be at Middleburg to-night, and the army is all in march for the line between Emmmitsburg and Westminster. Where the headquarters will be after to-night will depend upon the information derived from the front of the enemy and his movements. Your march must be as rapid as possible, in view of the efficiency of your troops to join. You will be required to carry the amount of ammunition and supplies ordered for the Army of the Potomac. If your supplies do not hold out, you must purchase from the people, through your quartermaster and commissary. Some supplies may possibly be found at Frederick as you march through. Upon this you cannot count with any certainty. The commanding general expects to engage the enemy within a few days, and looks anxiously for your command to join. Please acknowledge receipt of this order by bearer.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 29, 1863.

The following is the order of march for to-morrow:

Twelfth Corps to Littlestown, passing the Third Corps. Fifth Corps, Pipe Creek Crossing, on the road between Littlestown and Westminster. Sixth Corps, through Westminster to Manchester. First Corps, half way to Gettysburg, on crossing of Marsh Creek. Headquarters at Taneytown to-morrow night. Headquarters train will move at 8 a. m. to-morrow. The Artillery Reserve will move to Piney Run Crossing, on the road between Littlestown and Taneytown, following the Twelfth Corps. Engineer and bridge train to the vicinity of the Fifth Corps. Headquarters train will have the right of way when it moves. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, June 29, 1863-10. 40 a. m.

(Received 10. 50 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

Shall the Twenty-first New York Militia, 234 strong, which I reported arrived here last night, venture to proceed to Washington to-day? If not, I will use them here.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

