
BALTIMORE, June 29, 1863-10. 55 a. m.

THOMAS S. BURROWS, Esq., Conowingo Bridge, Md.:

I have ordered Major Knight, with a company of Delaware cavalry, now at Westminster, to cross the country through Bel Air, and go to Conowingo Bridge. In the meantime, I send another cavalry company, of same regiment, from here through Bel Air to the same point, to await the arrival of Major Knight's force. Your precautions in relation to the bridge have been well taken. I rely on the Union people there until my cavalry can arrive there.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General. Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., June 29, 1863-12. 15 p. m.

(Received 1. 30 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I am concerned to provide whatever defense I can for Wilmington and the powder works, in case the enemy push any force beyond the Susquehanna. Two batteries for the Fifth U. S. Artillery are being raised an drilled at Fort Hamilton, N. Y. They have now, I understand, from 80 to 100 men each. There are good barracks, stables, &amp;c., at Camp Bradford, and eligible position near Wilmington, where the First Delaware Battery was formed. May I ask to have those two companies of the Fifth U. S. Artillery transferred to that point? It is a suggestion of General DuPont and the Governor of Delaware, and perhaps a good one.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, June 29, 1863-1. 20 p. m.

Major General HENRY DUPONT, Wilmington, Del.:

General Couch has telegraphed me that he will look after the crossing at Conowingo Bridge. I have telegraphed to Washington, asking that the two companies being raised for the Fifth U. S. Artillery may be transferred to Wilmington, as you suggest, from Fort Hamilton.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

BALTIMORE, MD., June 29, 1863-2. 15 p. m.

(Received 2. 30 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following is from a conductor of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I think we cannot be driven from the important bridges at Elysville and this side. Is there no cavalry of the Army of the Potomac after this force of rebel cavalry?

MARIOTTSVILLE, MD.,

June 29, 1863.

W. P. SMITH:

The enemy is at Sykesville in small squads. They have burned Piney Run Bridge and torn up some potion of the track. They say at Sykesville there is a large force

