
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES NORTH OF THE POTOMAC, Washington,June 30, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to the major-general commanding department, for his information and orders. The guards of about 25 men on each bridge are under General Martindale's command. Larger guards cannot well be detailed from Colonel [Alexander] Piper's command, as he has twelve works, besides upward of 9 miles of picket front to supply. I have no troops to increase the command at Fort Mahn. I have directed Colonel Piper to cut down the bushes. If the authority is given, I will direct Colonel Piper to remove the buildings on the hill near Fort Mahan. One company and a half now form the garrison of Fort Meigs, and the advance work. I will direct the quarters of this garrison removed as soon as the proper location is designated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. HASKIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, in Charge.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., June 29, 1863.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

My mounted scouts have just come in from Sandy Spring. The enemy was there last night, encamped between that place and Brookville. The officers claimed to have 12, 000. Their number is estimated from 4, 000 to 12, 000. They had eighteen pieces of artillery. They left Brookville this morning in the direction of the main stem. The officers said they were going to Westminster, Md. General Stahel was from three to four hours behind them. I think there is no enemy in the vicinity of this road at present.

B. F. TRACY,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Similar letter to Schenck.)
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES SOUTH OF THE POTOMAC, Arlington,June 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General SLOUCH,

Commanding at Alexandria:

The enemy have been making a reconnaissance on the Little River pike toward the line of defenses of Alexandria. I have sent a communication on the subject to General Heintzelman, asking for instructions. Perhaps you had better be prepared for an attack to-night.

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General.

ARLINGTON, June 29, 1863.

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have received information which I believe reliable, which would tend to show that the Lee in our front commanding the cavalry is not Fitzhugh Lee, but his brother [cousin]. It is probable

