
that their forces are united under the command of the latter. Citizens who have sought protection within our lines assert positively, from conversations with his troops, that Lee's object is a raid upon Alexandria. His force in and about Fairfax was 6, 000 this morning, and is being constantly re-enforced by the arrival of small detachments from the south and the direction of Harper's Ferry.

G. A. DE RUSSY.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Numbers 123. June 29, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

III. The major-general commanding the department having, in accordance with instructions from the General-in-Chief, assumed command of all the mounted and dismounted cavalry in the District of Columbia, Colonel Percy Wyndham, First New Jersey Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of that cavalry, and will report direct to these headquarters.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

C. H. POTTER,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, June 29, 1863.

(Received 6. 20 p. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I hold from Altoona, along the Juniata and Susquehanna, to Conowingo Bridge, above Havre de Grace. The Fortifications opposite here are being made as strong as we can make them. If a determined attack is made on me, their shells may destroy the bridges that communicate. Some 2, 000 men of Milroy's command hold the country near Bedford Springs. I am afraid they will ford the river in its present stage. Ten thousand men in and about Carlisle last night. Their artillery has felt our entrenchments to-day. My whole force organized is, perhaps, 16, 000 men. Five thousand regulars will whip them all to pieces in an open field. Lee, Longstreet, the two Hills, and Ewell were in and about Chambersburg, and this side, on Saturday last; one hundred and sixty-two pieces of artillery, many of them heavy Parrott guns. There is some doubt about Longstreet and D. H. Hill. All the rest is reliable, and comes from four independent and trusty sources. The Pennsylvania militia are turning out in response to the call, but I much fear the Pennsylvania Railroad will be cut. Dispatch in reference to regulars received.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

(Similar letter to Meade.)

HARRISBURG, PA., June 29, 1863.

Major-General MEADE. Army of the Potomac:

My people driven over Columbia Bridge. It is burned. I hold the opposite side of the river in strength at present. I am looking for

