
a considerable destruction on all railroad lines. Twenty-five thousand men are between Baltimore and this place. I have only 15, 000 men, such as they are, on my whole line-say 9, 000 here.

D. N. COUCH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 29, 1863.

Major-General DANA, Philadelphia:

It is very important that machinery for manufacturing arms should not fall into the hands of the enemy, and that it should be preserved for the use of the Government. In case of imminent danger to the works of Alfred Jenks &amp; Son, of Philadelphia, who are manufacturing arms for the Government, you are authorized and directed to impress steam tugs, barges, or any description of vessel to remove the gun-manufacturing machines beyond reach of the enemy.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

HARRISBURG, PA., June 29, 1863.

(Received June 30, 12. 15 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Dana's command mustering troops into United States service for three months, for which there was no authority. Troops are mustered into United States service for six months, and to serve during the existing emergency. The Governor mustered in the militia in the State service for three months. I do not see the necessity of having any new varieties of service. It appears to me that there should be one military head in this department, and that he should carry out the views of the General Government.

D. N. COUCH.

UNION LEAGUE HOUSE, Philadelphia, June 29, 1863- 5 p. m.

(Received 6. 40 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I take the liberty of saying to you that we are astounded to learn that an order is issued by General Couch to discontinue the enlistment of three-months' men. Under Governor Curtin's last proclamation, we have very numerous companies and several regiments in advanced progress, and to arrest their completion at this moment would be a fatal blow to our military spirit, and would bring unmeasured condemnation on the Government. I beseech you to let the enlistments go on, at least to the filling up of present organizations. This is the echo of public opinion.

J. R. FRY,

Chairman of Military Committee.

PROVIDENCE, R. I., June 29, 1863.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Referring to your dispatch of 27th instant, I have sent a battery and 150 men to the locality, and await the plans and engineer officer proposed by you to proceed with the work.

JAMES Y. SMITH.

