
EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Trenton, June 29, 1863.

(Received 5. 55 p. m.)

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

The people of New Jersey are apprehensive that the invasion of the enemy may extend to her soil. We think that the enemy should be driven from Pennsylvania. There is now certainly great apathy under such fearful circumstances. That apathy should be removed. The people of New Jersey want McClellan at the head of the Army of the Potomac. If that cannot be done, then we ask that he may be put at the head of the New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania troops now in Pennsylvania, defending these Middle States from invasion. If either appointment be made, the people would rise on masse. I feel it my duty, respectfully, to communicate this state of feeling to you.

JOEL PARKER,

[Governor.]

HARRISBURG, June 29, 1863.

(Received 8. 40 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

We have reliable and undoubted information form there distinct sources that General Lee now has nearly if not quite 100, 000 men between Chambersburg, on the upper side of South Mountain, and Gettysburg, on the east side of the mountain and the Susquehanna River. His columns at present extend from Shippensburg to near Harrisburg, and from Gettysburg to near Columbia. They have over two hundred and fifty pieces of artillery by actual count. Within the next forty-eight hours, Lee will cross the Susquehanna River unless General Meade strikes his columns to-morrow, and compels him to concentrate his forces west of the Susquehanna for a general battle. Let me impress on you the absolute necessity of action by Meade to-morrow, even if attended with great risk, because if Lee gets his army across the Susquehanna, and puts our armies on the defensive of that line, you will readily comprehend the disastrous results that must follow to the country.

SIMON CAMERON,

PHILADELPHIA, June 29, 1863.

(Received 11. 10 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have information we deem entirely reliable that rebels are marching on Philadelphia in large force, and also on points on the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad. Philadelphia once taken, they think they will be able to dictate terms to the Government. There should be fifty pieces of artillery and 20, 000 veteran forces on the railroad and at Philadelphia as soon as possible; 10, 000 to move at once.

S. M. FELTON, and THOMAS KIMBER, JR.

