
CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md.,

June 29, 1863.

(Received 11. 55 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have restored our telegraph line to the Monocacy, and will have the road repaired and the burned bridges reconstructed early to-morrow, Tuesday, a. m. Out men report at 10. 35 this p. m. the main stem to Frederick again clear of the enemy. We hope to resume the running of trains regularly to and from Harper's Ferry to-morrow.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 29, 1863.

Major-General MEADE, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I am sure you are quite equal to the position you are called to fill. You are regarded by all who know you as an honest, skillful, and unselfish officer, and a true, disinterested patriot. I will not congratulate you, because I know it is no subject of congratulation to assume such a responsibility at such a time, but I will earnestly pray for your success.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, June 29, 1863.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Call McClellan to the head of the armies of the Government, Buell to command of Army of the Potomac, and Franklin to Army of the Cumberland. There will be no necessity for draft. Volunteers will enlist by thousands. Rebellion will be crushed in ninety days.

S. F. MILLER.

COLUMBIA, June 29, 1863.

Major G. O. HALLER,

Commanding District of the Susquehanna:

Having received orders from you to employ a force of carpenters and bridge-builders for the purpose of cutting and throwing a span of the Columbia Bridge, crossing the Susquehanna, between the boroughs of Columbia and Wrightsville, I engaged such a force for that purpose. Guards were placed upon the bridge during the afternoon and night of Saturday, the 27th instant, up to half past 7 o'clock of Sunday evening, the 28th instant, when, the bridge having been weakened at two points, one of which was the fourth span from Wrightsville (there being twenty-eight spans, and the structure a mile and a quarter in length), by the removal of all excepting the arches and a very small portion of the lower chords, the arches were bored and loaded with powder, with fuses attached, all ready to apply the match.

