
At a given signal by your aide, Major C. McL. Knox, in the presence of and by approval of Colonel Frick, at about 7. 30 o'clock, all the forces having passed over from the borough of Wrightsville, the plank flooring was removed and the match applied to the fuse by John Q. Denny, John Lockhard, Jacob Miller, persons stationed for this purpose. Every charge was perfect and effective. The rebel cavalry and artillery approaching the bridge at the Wrightsville end, Colonel Frick, in order to more effectually destroy the connection (the bridge not falling), ordered it to be fired, at which time the rebel artillery were playing upon us. The following gentlemen-E. K. Smith, esq., civil engineer; William Fasick, Isaac Ruel, Henry Burgen, John Gilbert, Fred Bush, A. P. Moore, George W. Green, Michael Shuman, Henry Duck, and S. W. Finney, who assisted me in this responsible and dangerous work-will please receive my own as well as the most heartfelt thanks of the community, for effecting the object that prevented the rebels from crossing the Susquehanna at this point. With high regard,

I remain, your humble servant,

ROBERT CRANE.

Quartermaster-General's Office, Washington, D. C.,

June 29, 1863-12. 20 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Commanding Department of the Susquehanna:

GENERAL: I have a dispatch from Lieutenant Colonel Ambrose Thompson, asking that Major Montgomery, at Pittsburgh, or Colonel Crosman, at Philadelphia, be ordered to furnish him with wagons and mules upon his requisition. Pittsburgh, which has put 14, 000 of her citizens into the trenches, will need all her own resources to defend herself for the present. Colonel Crosman will probably need all the army wagons we can supply for Philadelphia. Harrisburg is in a rich district. Thousands of teams must have fled to it or through it for refuge, and its resources should be made available. The troops at Harrisburg are organized in service for very short times. It will be better to hire than to buy. I think you should impress all the transportation you need, fixing a certain rate of hire or compensation applicable to all teams, wagons, and carts thus taken into service. This price should be lower than the average of the country in peaceful times. The people should have just compensation, but should not be allowed to make speculation out of the Government. I suggest 50 cents a day for each horse or mule; $1 a day and a ration for each man. All requisitions approved by you, Colonel Crosman has already orders to fill; but, if the enemy is marching on Philadelphia, he will not be able to send you wagons and horses. Upon advice as to the number of brigades, an endeavor will be made to supply some brigade quartermasters, In the meantime, some intelligent regimental quartermasters of experience should act.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

