
NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C.,

June 29, 1863-9. 20 p. m.

Commodore A. A. HARWOOD,

Commandant Navy-Yard,

Washington:

Admiral Lee will send up two gunboats to Washington and one to Annapolis. When they arrive, send two of your smallest boats, one into the Gunpowder and one into Bush River, to communicate with the military authorities there, and assist in guarding the bridges. The two tug gunboats leave New York Wednesday.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary.

WHITE HOUSE, June 29, 1863.

(Received June 30, 12 m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Of the eight Massachusetts regiments in North Carolina, three were sent home from New Berne before the order to send them here was given. One had 300 sick; time expires 7th July, and I did not think it worth while to retain it. Another, came here with many sick, with poor arms, and without camp equipage; time expires 7th July, and I did not think it in condition to take the field. Another, the Forty-third, is here. Its Springfield muskets were taken away from it at New Berne, and it was sent off with unserviceable one, without camp or garrison equipage, and in no condition for field service; time expires 11th July. I think this regiment had better go home. It left 110 sick at New Berne, and has 291 sick. There are only two of the eight regiments left. One has arrived at Fort Monroe. When the other comes, I will se whether it is in a condition to be made available.

JOHN. A. DIX,

Major-General.

WHITE HOUSE, VA.,

June 29, 1863-10. 45 a. m.

(Received June 30, 9 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I called to-day a council of my general officers. There were present Major-General Peck and Brigadier-Generals Gordon, Terry, Getty, Harland, and Foster. I submitted to them the proposition whether it would be advisable, with the force I have, to make an attack on Richmond. Their opinion, without knowing mine, was promptly and unanimously given in the negative. I have deemed it proper to advise you of the result of my consultation with them, and of my concurrence with them. I have planned a very important movement, which will be made the day after to-morrow, and will occupy four days. A demonstration against Richmond will be made at the same time. Wise is at Bottom's Bridge, and Pickett between Hanover Junction and Richmond. Our pickets are in sight of the enemy, near Tunstall's Station. It ha been raining most of the day. I will write you by mail.

JOHN. A. DIX,

Major-General.

