
Headquarters Department of Virginia,

White HOUSE, JUNE 29, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

SIR: The two telegraphic dispatches I sent you to-day will have advised you of the present state of things here. The Massachusetts regiments have dwindled away to one piece. They were ordered from North Carolina, and the foul Pennsylvania regiments, one of which has arrived, are very small. From information received to-day, I think the insurgents have gathered, exclusive of Pickett's division, some 8, 000 troops. They have left nothing ont the Blackwater, and only a company at Weldon. Their telegraph and railroad lines enable them to concentrate and move troops with great rapidity to different points in North Carolina and Virginia, to meet our movements. There was an operator here, and as our steamers approached he telegraphed our coming, so that it was probably known at Richmond, Weldon, Petersburg, Hanover Junction, and the Blackwater by the time we reached the landing. The enemy's force out of the entrenchments at Richmond are at Bottom's Bridge, ready to dispute our passage. I shall move a considerable body of troops down there on Wednesday morning, while I send a larger force in another direction. Colonel Spear's cavalry will not be ready to do very active service till then, having been a good deal jaded by their late hard work. My officers and men are very anxious to contribute to relieve the country from the disasters with which it is threatened in Maryland and Pennsylvania, and everything that is possible will be done here, if though best to retain this position, to inflict injury on the enemy and keep his forces fully occupied. His losses from our late expedition are very severe.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 29, 1863.

(Received 10. 50 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Naglee advises me that the Forty-sixth, Eighth, and Fifty-second Regiments Massachusetts nine-months' men now here and who are to be sent home, their term of service having nearly expired, are willing to go to Philadelphia, and serve in the present emergency. I respectfully ask for immediate instructions. General Dix cannot be reached by telegraph.

WILSON BARSTOW,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FORT MONROE, VA., June 29, 1863.

Captain G. V. FOX:

Your telegram, received this morning, just deciphered here. Gunboats Barney, Morris, Morse, and Western World, with Gen-

