
burg, and we are to fight a defensive battle in this vicinity, that the position to be occupied is just north of the town of Emmitsburg, covering the Plank road to Taneytown. He will undoubtedly endeavor to turn our left by way of Fairfield and the mountain roads leading down into the Frederick and Emmitsburg pike, near Mount Saint Mary's College. The above is mere surmise on my part. At all events, an engineer officer ought to be sent up to reconnoiter this position, as we have reason to believe that the main force of the enemy is in the vicinity of Cashtown, or debouching from the Cumberland Valley above it. The corps are placed as follows: Two divisions of the First Corps behind Marsh Run, one on the road leading to Gettysburg, and one on the road leading from Fairfield to the Chambersburg road at Moritz Tavern; the Third Division, with the reserve batteries, is on the road to Chambersburg, behind Middle Creek, not placed in position. This was the position taken up under the orders to march to dispute the advance of the enemy across this creek, in order to take up the position behind Middle Creek, which is the one I alluded to near Emmitsburg. Howard occupies, in part, the position I did last night, which is to the left of the position in front of Middle Creek, and commands the roads leading from Fairfield down to Emmitsburg and the pike below.

[JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.]

Headquarters First Corps,

June 30, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

Major-General HOWARD:

GENERAL: Major-General Reynolds directs me to say that he is moving with his command to Marsh Creek, about half way to Gettysburg. The enemy are reported moving on Gettysburg from Fairfield and Cashtown. The command will be within 5 miles of Gettysburg. General Reynolds thinks you had better be ready to move to his left, in case they move on him from Fairfield and the mountain road.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD C. BAIRD,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 30, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move up to Emmitsburg as soon as General Reynolds moves out.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

