
[JUNE 30, 1863.]

Major-General REYNOLDS:

GENERAL: I have received both your notes. One division occupies the place you did last night, and is ordered to be held in readiness to move at short notice. Another occupies a position near the Gettysburg road, on the right of the town. Would you wish me to join you along the Gettysburg? I have sent reconnaissances toward Fairfield and Castown; also to the left, to the mountains. Please send me word as to where you want support, in case you do. I think it important to hold these roads toward Chambersburg, do you not? I want a map of Adams County, if possible. I have nothing. Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

Headquarters Eleventh Corps, Emmitsburg, Md.,

June 30, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I think some mistake as to my position arose from the aide-de-camp, who said I was far below town. I placed my troops east of the town, picketing the heights to the north, and connecting with General Reynolds, and as near the town as I well could put a corps. Now that Reynolds leaves, I will advance two division to the front, leaving the wagons and one division where they are. When this reaches you, I will be encamped thus, my headquarters near the town and Gettysburg pike. I will keep up scouting and reconnoitering toward my left flank.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

Headquarters Army of the Potomac,

June 30, 1863.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

Major-General Reynolds reports that the enemy has appeared at Fairfield, on the road between Chambersburg and Emmitsburg. I am, therefore, instructed by the commanding general to say that it is of the utmost importance that you should move with your infantry and artillery to Emmitsburg with all possible dispatch.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, Taneytown,

June 30, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

General [REYNOLDS]:

Your dispatch is received. The enemy undoubtedly occupy the Cumberland Valley, from Chambersburg, in force; whether the holding of the Cashtown Gap is to prevent our entrance, or is their

