
municate with our forces at Brandy Station, and from this point communication will be had with you. You will be followed on the road by the Third Division, which, however, will leave the road east of Stevensburg. At the point at which the Third Division will turn to the north for Brandy Station, there will be posted 500 infantry, which will remain there so long as you are at Stevensburg, as a support for both columns, and also to prevent any movement of the enemy on our rear. From Brandy Station the Third Division will move on Culpeper, and then it is intended that your division shall move directly form Stevensburg upon Culpeper, coming in from the south. When you move forward from Stevensburg, you will leave there one regiment and a section of artillery, picketing with this regiment toward Raccoon Ford, Germanna Mills, and Ely's Ford. You will keep open your communication with the infantry at Mountain Run, and furnish them with all necessary information. You will thus have two points: that occupied by the infantry at Mountain Run, And Brandy Station, to which to move should it become necessary. It is intended that when the right of our line at Brandy Station advances toward Culpeper, your division at Stevensburg will also move upon Culpeper, leaving behind one regiment and a section of artillery, heretofore mentioned.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 9, 1863. (Received 8. 35 p. m.)

J. H. DEVEREUX,

Military Supt. of Railroads, Alexandria:

What number of troops can your road pass over to Bealeton Station at one trip? Reply soon.

RUFUS INGALLS,

[Chief] Quartermaster.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT,

June 9, 1863-9. 47 p. m.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Seven thousand five hundred, with six hour's notice to gather in our cars.

J. H. DEVEREUX,

Superintendent.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 9, 1863. (Received 10. 20 p. m.)

Colonel SAWTELLE,

(Care of [Charles B.] Ferguson), Alexandria:

I hope you will see General Pleasonton in the morning. Go to him or send. The Richmond papers say that Lee's army is in motion. We know that some 30, 000 at least are in front of us here now, but

