
tion and Gettysburg, and between yourself and General Reynolds, on your left. He is at the crossing of Marsh Creek, and the crossing from Emmitsburg to Gettysburg. Get your trains so parked this afternoon that your ammunition and ambulances are accessible, and the rest of your train can be left. Ascertain all you can of the country between your position and Union Mills and Hanover. General Reynolds reports the enemy holding Cashtown Pass, between Gettysburg and Chambersburg, in force, moving on Gettysburg. Stuart with his cavalry we suppose endeavoring to march from Westminster through Littlestown this morning. Gregg and Kilpatrick have turned him off, and attacked him near Hanover, and we expect they will whip him.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 30, 1863.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that it is of the utmost importance to him that he receives reliable information of the presence of the enemy, his forces, and his movements. His projected movement is toward the line of the Baltimore and Harrisburg road. His instructions require him to cover Baltimore and Washington, while his objective point is the army under Lee. To be able to find if this army is divided, and to concentrate upon any detached portion of it, without departing from the instructions which govern him, would be a great object. People in the country are so frightened that he must depend solely upon the cavalry for all the information the can gain. He looks to you to keep him informed of their movements, and especially that no force concentrates on his right, in the vicinity of York, to get between him and he Susquehanna, and also that no force moves on his left toward Hagerstown and the passes below Cashtown. Your cavalry force is large, and must be vigilant and active. The reports must be those gained by the cavalry themselves, and information sent in should be reliable. The duty you have to perform is of a most important and sacred character. Cavalry battles must be secondary to this object. The general does not understand why General Gregg (whose orders required him to move parallel with, and on the flank of, the Sixth Corps, and forming the right wing of the army in the present movement) should have moved on the same line with that command.

Very respectfully,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, June 30, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

A citizen who came from Waynesborough this morning at 8 o'clock reports as follows: The corps of A. P. Hill, or a large portion of it, was last night at Wingard's farm, on the road from Funkstown to Chambersburg

