
ambulances to follow first. Send an officer here to select a point to park your trains ready to move toward Gettysburg or Emmitsburg, as circumstances may determine. General Sykes has been informed that you would support him at Union Mills in case of the presence of a superior force of the enemy there. The general thinks the main body of the enemy are on our left, between Chambersburg, Gettysburg, and that vicinity, and that you will not be needed there. You will communicate with General Sykes, and be governed by any information that has not been received here, in compliance with this order.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,June 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to apply for the detachment of the Third [West] Virginia Cavalry, which was formerly with this corps. My detachment of the First Indiana Cavalry is too small for my need, especially in my present position upon the flank. It is very much worn out with scouting. The Third [West] Virginia detachment is so small that it can be of little service with the main body of the cavalry, but I need it greatly for scouting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -If the detachment could reach me to-day, it would be of great value. It is attached to Devin's brigade, Budford's division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 30, 1863-4 p. m.

Commanding Officer Engineer Brigade:

The commanding general directs that you return to Baltimore or Washington with your train, with the exception of material for 150 feet of bridge. You will send the troops on to join headquarters, with the material above mentioned. The bulk of your trains are to return with you. The force sent here must have the smallest limit of baggage, not over 1 wagon for every 100 (officers and men). You will find nothing to interfere with your march to Baltimore or Washington, unless, perhaps, a few guerrillas. As these do not abound in Maryland, there will not be much danger in your movement. You can take that portion of the Fifteenth New York Volunteers with you as a guard, and, upon your arrival at Baltimore or Washington, put your train in order to be sent to any point that may be needed, and report by telegraph to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

