HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Union Mills,June 30, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

Barnes and Ayres are here. I expect the artillery soon. Crawford cannot get here to-night, and I have directed him to march till dark, and encamp between Frizellburg and this place. No enemy about. Stuart, Fitz. Lee, and Hampton staid last night at the house of a Mr. Shriver, who owns the mill at this place. They left here this morning between 4 and 10 a. m., some toward Hanover and some toward Littlestown, but I take it all have gone toward Hanover. Their force is said to be about 5, 000, with six guns. They are taking horses, &amp;c. General Crawford's men must have marched to-day in the neighborhood of 25 miles. I have not had the corps concentrated since leaving Fredericksburg. My troops are very foot-sore and tired. My aide, Lieutenant [George T.] Ingham, bears this dispatch.

I am, sir, respectfully,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, Bridgeport, on the Monocacy,June 30, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find communication from Major-General Reynolds. It is in accordance with my written orders, received from headquarters Army of the Potomac at 1 p. m., but in conflict with the verbal order given me by the general commanding while on the march. Shall I move forward? My First Division is about a mile this side of Emmitsburg.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. SICKLES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, At Moritz Tavern,June 30, 1863.

Major-General SICKLES,

Commanding Third Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Reynolds directs me to say he wishes you to camp upon Cat Tail Branch with your command, and for you to also send a staff officer to these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD C. BAIRD,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.]-General Reynolds wishes, when you take up your position upon Cat Tail Branch, to face toward Gettysburg, and cover the roads leading from Gettysburg.

