HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, Bridgeport, on the Monocacy,June 30, 1863-7. 45 p. m.

Captain E. C. BAIRD,

Aide-de-Camp, Headquarters Left Wing:

CAPTAIN: By direction of the general commanding, I have gone into camp here, countermanding a previous order to go to Emmitsburg, and I am to await here further orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac. When these orders were received, I sent Captain Crocker, of my staff, to communicate them to Major-General Reynolds, and to inform him of my position. My First Division and two batteries are farther toward Emmitsburg (across Middle Creek).

D. E. SICKLES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 30, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I send Captain Bingham, of my staff, for orders. I believe the rumors about the enemy on the New Windsor road to be incorrect. I have sent out citizens, who report that they can hear nothing of them, although citizens are coming within our line stating that the enemy's cavalry are stealing their horses and plundering the country 2 or 3 miles in our rear. General Crawford is encamped immediately in my front. He has informed me that he will start his train at 3 a. m., and that his command will march at 4. 30 a. m. I notify you of these facts in order to show you that I will be considerably delayed if I am ordered to march in that direction.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 30, 1863-11. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: After arriving at Hanover Junction and finding no enemy, push a force to York, and, in case that place has been evacuated, let it proceed toward Columbia, on the Susquehanna River, and communicate with General Couch. Take the brigade from Westminster with you, but have a regiment at Manchester, with General Sedgwick, to picket in the vicinity. Send in the foot battery with you, the first opportunity. Answer.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

Numbers 20. June 30, 1863.

The general commanding this army has called the attention of all commanders, as well as the troops under them, to the immense issues

