
involved in the result of the engagement that may soon be expected with the enemy. Our own soil has been invaded; homes, firesides, and all domestic relations are being rudely trampled on by a mercenary foe. To the cavalry arm of this army, it is only necessary to mention these facts to fire them with the determination of victory so distinguished at Beverly Ford, Brandy Station, Aldie, Middleburg, and Upperville. Proud of his confidence in the brave soldiers under his command, every assurance exists that future actions will add luster to their Honorable fame. Corps and other commanders are authorized to order the instant death of any soldier who fails in his duty at this hour.

[A. PLEASONTON,]

Major-General, Commanding.

This order will be published at the head of every regiment of the corps. By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, June 30, 1863-11. 10 a. m.

(Received 1. 20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

Yesterday morning, a section of battery and company of cavalry, which were sent the day before by General Butterfield from the Monocacy to march by the turnpike to Baltimore, were captured by the enemy. They appear to have been encamped for the night at Poplar Springs, where the rebel cavalry came upon them. Last evening, a superior force of rebel cavalry drove Major Knight, with 95 Delaware cavalry, from Westminster, killing, wounding, or capturing the most of his command. A heavy rebel cavalry force was reported last night advancing on Baltimore by the Reisterstown road, and we prepared to receive them, but they did not come. My cavalry pickets occupy Reisterstown this morning. Reports and indications of rebel cavalry in different directions, but I have not the remotest idea where General Meade's cavalry or any portion of his army now is, so that I know not in what direction to look out. Can you give me any information that you think it necessary I should have as to the disposition of the two armies?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington,

June 30, 1863-2. 47 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore Md.:

I have had no communication with the Army of the Potomac since the line to Frederick was broken. A gunboat has been sent to Wilmington, and others to Havre de Grace and the gunpowder works. Troops coming from North Carolina will report to you in Baltimore.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

