
BALTIMORE, June 30, 1863-midnight.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

The following has just been received, and I have sent it by courier to General Meade at Westminster:

HARRISBURG, PA.,

June 30, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK:

Lee is falling back suddenly from the vicinity of Harrisburg, and concentrating all his forces. York has been evacuated. Carlisle is being evacuated. The concentration appears to be at or near Chambersburg. The object, apparently a sudden movement against Meade, of which he should be advised by courier immediately. This information comes from T. A. Scott, and, I think, is reliable.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.

A report has been received from one of my scouts, at Partkton, on the Northern Central Railroad, that Fitzhugh Lee passed through Hampstead to-day with a brigade of cavalry. This scout is reliable.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., June 30, 1863.

(Received 11. 05 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It is intimated to us that General Meade expects to get his supplies to Westminster or vicinity over the Western Maryland Railroad. We are informed that the Northern Central and Western Companies have sent their cars and engines from Baltimore to the line of road to Philadelphia, for safety. Cannot the army be better supplied, even in its new locality, by our own road, which is now repaired from the slight damage it received yesterday morning? You will observe by the maps that at Mount Airy and beyond we join the National pike between Baltimore and Frederick, which affords easy communication with the new position, as understood by us. Is it not an easier line to protect, also?

W. P. SMITH. DEPOT, Baltimore,

June 30, 1863.

(Received 1. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Immediately upon receipt of your inquiry, I applied at the office of the Northern Central Company for requisite information, and am just informed that no train was sent from Baltimore to Westminster, but that one train has arrived from Westminster, showing that the line has been passed over to-day. The Northern Central Company has sent nearly all its equipment to Philadelphia for safety.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

