
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C.,

June 30, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

SIR: It is represented to this Department that increased security and protection might be given to this city, and to the public property herein, by planting batteries at he avenues of approach and at different points in the city. I beg to direct your attention to the subject, and to ask that you will see that every possible means of security is adopted against any sudden raid or incursion of the enemy, by day or by night season, and also that you will report as soon as convenient whether all available military means have been employed for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C.,June 30, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date in regard to "planting batteries at the avenues of approach" to this city. I presume you refer to batteries of mounted artillery, as defensive earthen batteries and forts have been constructed on these avenues, under the direction of the engineers. As the number of these is greater than we can garrison, it would be useless to increase them. Moreover, no increase has been recommended by the engineers. There are ten or twelve batteries completely organized in this city, and held ready to move on any threatened point, in conjunction with the infantry garrison of the city. If be proposed to plant these batteries on or near the line of fortifications, I can only answer that such an arrangement would expose them to almost inevitable destruction, as they would be entirely without infantry or cavalry support. Moreover, by so disposing them, we would render it difficult, if not impossible, to concentrate them on the threatened points. I know of no military officer who would approve of such a disposition of the movable artillery now held ready to be used in the defense of this city. I would remark that the places to be occupied by these batteries on any threatened avenue of approach have been selected by the engineers, and that the officers of artillery have received their proper instructions. More batteries could be organized, but we have no artillerists to man them. I know of no available military means which have not already been employed to prevent a rebel raid on this city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Washington,June 30, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: In reply to your communication of to-day in relation to the defense of Washington, I have the honor to state that I have already

