
ing the cavalry near these headquarters. The parties advancing along the Columbia and Little River turnpike will first report to Colonel Abbot, at Fort Richardson. The colonels commanding the different brigades within this command will give orders to permit the egress and return of these cavalry forces, and it is hoped that by no accident will our pickets be permitted to fire upon the returning mounted force. Until further orders, the garrisons along the Defenses will be under arms at 3 o'clock, and remain so until broad daylight, or until the sentinels can well see the surrounding country, and distinguish the movements of anybody over its surface. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. TAGGARD,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 30, 1863.

Brigadier General W. F. BARRY,

Inspector of Artillery, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In case of a distribution of field batteries along the northern line, the following strikes me as a convenient arrangement:

To Fort Summer, on battery, with directions to put two or three pieces in Battery Benson, and hold the rest for maneuver.

To Forts Mansfield and Simmons, one battery; to put two pieces in Battery Bailey; to put two pieces in the battery to the left to Mansfield, and hold two disposable, or to be put in rifle-pits between Simmons and Bayard, where there are places prepared.

To Fort Reno, one battery, for maneuver, or to be placed in rifle-pits.

To Fort Kearny, ne battery, to occupy Batteries Rossell and Terrill.

To Fort De Russy, one-half battery, to occupy Battery Kingsbury.

To Fort Stevens, one and a half batteries; one-half to occupy Battery Sill; one to occupy the battery in the edge of the woods, between Stevens and Slocum.

To Fort Bunker Hill, one battery, one section to occupy the battery in front of the fort, and the rest to take post on the hill on the right of Bunker Hill, where a new battery is to be built.

To Fort Saratoga, one battery; four pieces in the battery immediately to the right, and the other two near the shed, to flank Fort Thayer, where a new battery is being built.

To Fort Thayer, one battery; four pieces on west side of railroad, and two pieces on east side. On this side Benning's Bridge, one battery. Total, ten batteries. Should the other side of the river be threatened, I should recommend-

For Fort Worth, one battery, to be placed in rifle-pits or batteries adjacent to that work, at the discretion of the commanding officer.

Fort Ward, one battery, to be placed as above.

Fort Richardson, one battery, for any part of the line between that and Barnard.

Fort Craig, two batteries, to occupy the battery immediately on its right, and those between it and Richardson.

Fort Whipple, two batteries, to occupy with two or four guns the

