SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 175. Baltimore, Md., June 30, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Second Provisional Brigade, consisting of all armed citizens who have volunteered in the defense of this city and of such other troops as may be hereafter assigned.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, June 30, 1863-10. 10 a. m.

S. M. FELTON, Esq.,

President of the P. W. and B. Railroad, Philadelphia:

A gunboat has been sent to Havre do Grace. She can defend, or, in the last resort, destroy the ferry-boat. If the ferry is armed, she is more than a match for the gunboat, and would, in the hands of the enemy, do incalculable mischief. Unarmed, she is harmless. Guns on board, unless she lies out in the stream, at anchor, with a full crew of drilled men and officers, would only invite attack. I cannot consent that the guns be put on board unless with a full crew of sailors, properly officered, and the vessel to lie in the stream at all time, excepting the few minutes required to land passengers.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington,

June 30, 1863-12. 15 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

Every possible effort should be made to hold the enemy in check on the Susquehanna till General Meade can give him battle. I have no direct communication with General Meade, but he wishes you to be in readiness to act in concert with him. You will probably be able to learn his movements from the country people. He will be close on the enemy's right and rear.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, PA., June 30, 1863.

Major-General MEADE, Care Secretary of War:

Part of the rebel force has left the vicinity of Carlisle, with fifty pieces of artillery, and passed toward Shippensburg. This looks like concentrating a portion of their troops down the Cumberland Valley. Eight thousand of their men left York, and went toward Carlisle this morning.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

