
we have had since the war began. I think you will not see the foe in New Jersey. I beg you to be assured that no one out of my position can know so well as if he were in it the difficulties and involvements of replacing General McClellan in command, and this aside from any imputations upon him. Please accept my sincere thanks for what you have done and are doing to get troops forward.

A. LINCOLN.

ORDERS UNDER MARTIAL LAW.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, Md.,

June 30, 1863.

Until further orders, no arms or ammunition shall be sold by any dealer or other within the city and county of Baltimore without a permit from the general commanding the military department, or from such officer as shall be duly authorized to grant the same. Any violation of this order shall subject the party offending to arrest and punishment. Until further orders, no person shall be permitted to leave the city of Baltimore without a pass, properly signed by the provost-marshal, and any one attempting to violate this order shall be promptly arrested, and brought before the provost-marshal for examination. Until further orders, no one will be permitted to pass the barricades into or out of the city between the hours of 10 p. m. and 4 a. m., without giving the proper countersign to the guard in charge. Until further orders, no club-house or other place of like resort shall remain open, without a permission given by the general commanding. Any attempt to violate this order will subject the club-house and property to seizure and occupation by the military, and the frequenters who engage in or encourage such violation to arrest. Until further orders, all bars, coffee-houses, drinking-saloons, and other places of like resort shall be closed between the hours of 8 p. m. and 8 a. m. Any liquor dealer or keeper of a drinking-saloon, or other person selling intoxicating drinks, who violates this order, shall be put under arrest, his premises seized, and the liquors confiscated for the benefit of the hospitals. Until further orders, the general commanding directs that he stores, shops, manufactories, and other places of business other than apothecary shops and printing officer of daily journals, be closed at 5 p. m., for the purpose of giving patriotic citizens an opportunity to drill and make themselves expert in the use of arms. By order of Major-General Schenck:

DONN PIATT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

PROCLAMATION OF MARTIAL LAW IN BALTIMORE AND THE WESTERN COUNTIES OF MARYLAND.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, Md.,June 30, 1863.

The immediate presence of a rebel army within this department and in the State of Maryland requires as a military necessity a resort to all the proper and usual means of defense and security.

