
This security is to be provided against known hostility and opposition to the lawful National Government from every quarter and in every form. Traitors and disaffected persons within must be restrained and made to contribute to the common safety, while the enemy in front is to be met and punished for his bold invasion. Martial law is, therefore, declared and hereby established in the city and county of Baltimore, and in all the counties of the western shore of Maryland. The general commanding gives assurance that this suspension of the civil government within the limits defined shall not extend beyond the necessities of the occasion. All the courts, tribunals, and political functionaries of State, county, and city authority are to continue in the discharge of their duties as in times of peace, only in no way interfering with the exercise of the predominant power assumed and asserted by the military authority. All peaceful citizens are required to remain quietly at their homes and in pursuit of their ordinary avocations, excepting as they may be possibly subject to call for personal service, or other necessary requisitions, for military purposes or uses hereafter. All seditious language or mischievous practices tending to the encouragement of the rebellion are especially prohibited, and will be promptly made the subject of observation and treatment. Traitorous and dangerous persons must expect to be dealt with as the public safety may seem to require. "To save the country is paramount to all other considerations. " When the occasion for this proclamation passes by, no one will be more rejoiced than the commanding general that he can revoke his order, and return to the normal condition of a country at peace, and a Government sustained by a united and loyal people.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., June 30, 1863-6 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The terms of service of the One hundred and fifty-eighth, One hundred and sixty-eighth, One hundred and seventy-first, and One hundred and seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, from North Carolina, expire about the 16th of July. With the consent of the War Department, they will go forthwith and serve with me in Pennsylvania as long as a rebel remains north of the Potomac. Answer promptly.

NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 18TH CORPS, DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA,June 30, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my return from Fort Monroe, where I turned over to General Dix, through his assistant adjutant-general, the Massachusetts militia regiments under command of General Prince. Several of these regiment-those whose time expires before the 15th of July-were ordered to return home by General Dix. One of General Spinola's regiments had arrived at

