
Fort Monroe, and the remainder, with the general himself, were met north of Hatteras, on their way up. As these general will soon lose the regiments under them, by expiration of their terms of service, they are subject to your orders, should you require them elsewhere, inasmuch as the number of general in this department is disproportionate to the number of troops. I find that some of the returns were in a mail captured by the rebels, in the Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal, and that others were not forwarded, through neglect of the officers having them in charge. My attention being wholly taken up with out-of-door operations, caused my also to neglect the proper surveillance of the office. The reports and returns shall be made out at once, and I trust you will have no cause in the future to complain of neglect in this particular. The continuous rainy weather has delayed the cavalry raid, which will, however, be commenced day after to-morrow. The rebel force on this State consists of three regiments at Wilmington, [A. H.] Colquitt's brigade at Kinston, and [J. G.] Martin's brigade at Greenville and Hamilton. I shall continue the incursions of cavalry as long as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-general, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP NEAR WHITE HOUSE, VA.,Numbers 152. June 30, 1863. I.

Pursuant to orders from Major-General Dix, a movement will be made to-morrow morning, by a force to consist of Brigadier-General Terry's independent brigade; Colonel West's brigade, of King's division; Colonel Porter's brigade, of Gordon's division; the Fourth Delaware Volunteers, Colonel Grimshaw; the three batteries of reserve artillery, under Captain McKnight; 300 of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Colonel Lewis, and the Sixth New York Cavalry, under Major Hall. The advance, under Colonel West (to be composed of his brigade, Mink's battery, and 150 of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Major McCandless), will move precisely at 5 a. m. The balance of the force, under the corps commanders, will move precisely at 7 a. m. The troops will carry rations for two days, after breakfast to-morrow morning, and 100 rounds of ammunition per man, and will not be encumbered with baggage, to impede rapid movements and long marches. Only one wagon will be permitted to brigade headquarters, one to each regiment, battery, and to the New York cavalry, and two for the Pennsylvania cavalry. The proper allowance of ambulances will accompany the column. Small camp guards of invalids and bad marchers will be left behind. The commanders of brigades, batteries, and detachments will report at the corps headquarters for special instructions concerning the march at 7 o'clock this evening. During the absence of the commanding general, all the troops of the Fourth Corps, besides those designated above, and including McKibbin's regiment, which joined to-day, will be subject to the orders of Brigadier-General Gordon, commanding division.

