
Volunteer companies and regiments organized in places not within the Department of the Monongahela may be attached for temporary service to the Army Corps of the Monongahela, and mustered into service upon special application and order of the War Department.

* * * * * * * * * *

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

------------
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 10, 1863-9. 20 a. m.

General PLEASONTON:

The general directs that your cavalry remain for the present on that line. The infantry, as soon as in condition, to be returned to their commands.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------
HEADQUARTERS, Kettle Run,June 10, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, and A. A. G., Dept. of Washington:

As soon as I was informed by General Pleasonton yesterday afternoon that he would recross, and that he would send his train to Bealeton, I ordered Colonel Mann with his regiment from Warrenton Junction to Bealeton, for the protection of the train, and sent the First Vermont to Warrenton Junction to take his place. The expedition which was sent out yesterday, in accordance with orders from the War Department, has not yet from General Pleasonton. At the arrival of the first train I will go to see him, and report after my return.

Very respectfully,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

BRISTOE, June 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON:

After receipt of your dispatch yesterday, 7. 49, from Beverly Ford, in which you informed me that the enemy may try to cross above you, I have sent Colonel C. H. Town, of the First Michigan Cavalry, by way of Warrenton, to Sulphur Springs. He returned last night, and reports that there was no enemy in force at the ford, and that the river was not picketed. He saw only a few scouts on the opposite heights.

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

------------

JUNE 10, 1863-10 a. m.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Bealeton:

I am not so certain as you appear to be that the enemy will abandon his contemplated raid. With this impression, I have felt,

