
The movement of your corps to Gettysburg was ordered before the positive knowledge of the enemy's withdrawal from Harrisburg and concentration was received. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General. (Copy to Major-General Howard.)

----
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 1, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that, in view of the advance of Generals A. P. Hill and Ewell on Gettysburg, and the possible failure of General Reynolds to receive the order to withdraw his command by the route through Taneytown, thus leaving the center of our position open that you proceed with your troops out on the direct road to Gettysburg from Taneytown. When you find that General Reynolds is covering that road (instead of withdrawing by Emmitsburg, which it is feared he may do), you will withdraw to Frizellburg, as directed in the circular of directions for the positions issued this morning. Very respectfully,DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

----
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 1, 1863-1. 10 p. m.

Major- General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: The major- general commanding has just been informed that General Reynolds has been killed or badly wounded. He directs that you turn over the command of your corps to General Gibbon; that you proceed to the front, and, by virtue of this order, in case of the truth of General Reynolds' death, you assume command of the corps there assembled, viz, the Eleventh, First, and Third, at Emmitsburg. If you think the ground and position there a better one to fight a battle under existing circumstances, you will so advise the general, and he will order all the troops up. You know the general's views, and General Warren, who is fully aware of them, has gone out to see General Reynolds. LATER-1. 15 p. m. Reynolds has possession of Gettysburg, and the enemy are reported as falling back from the front of Gettysburg. Hold your column ready to move. Very respectfully, &c.,

DANL, BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff. (Copy to Major-General Howard.)

