HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 1, 1863.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

I am directed by the commanding general to state that it would appear from reports just received that the enemy is moving in heavy force on Gettysburg (Ewell from Heidlersburg, and Hill from Cashtown Pass), and it is not improbable he will reach that place before the command under Major-General Reynolds (the First and Eleventh Corps), now on the way, can arrive there. Should such be the case, and General Reynolds find himself in the presence of a superior force, he is instructed to hold the enemy in check, and fall slowly back. If he is able to do this, the line indicated in the circular of to-day will be occupied to-night. Should circumstances render it necessary for the commanding general to fight the enemy to-day, the troops are posted as follows for the support of Reynolds' command, viz: On his right, at Two Taverns, the Twelfth Corps; at Hanover, the Fifth Corps; the Second Corps is on the road between Taneytown and Gettysburg; the Third Corps is at Emmitsburg. This information is conveyed to you that you may have your corps in readiness to move in such direction as may be required at a moment's notice. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Taneytown, July 1, 1863.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has been advised that the enemy are advancing in force on Gettysburg. He desires that you will commence the movement of your trains to Westminster upon the receipt of this order. You will also be prepared to commence the movement indicated in the inclosed circular* upon receipt of intelligence from General Reynolds that he has uncovered Two Taverns. You will, if in good position for the purposes of the circular inclosed, halt your command where this order reaches you, and, in communicating to General Sykes, half his advance in a similar manner, and give him the instructions necessary for a proper compliance with the circular order inclosed in case intimations from General Reynolds render it necessary. Very respectfully, &c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CONFIDENTIAL.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Near Taneytown, July 1, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH:

The major-general commanding incloses for your information the orders as to his disposition from an attack from the enemy, * which will

-------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

*See p. 458.

---------------

