HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, In the Field, near Gettysburg, Pa., July 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General GRAHAM:

GENERAL: You will proceed at once to Emmitsburg, Md., and assume command of all the troops of this corps now there. The position is of utmost importance, as it covers the left and rear of this army, and must be held at all hazards. You will give special attention to the safety of the ammunition and HEADQUARTERS trains of this corps now at Emmitsburg, and, in case of any danger, send them to the rear, toward Taneytown. They must not be permitted to delay or obstruct the movement of troops. You will give careful attention to all of the approaches to your position, and establish sufficient outposts (well advanced) to prevent surprise. Should your position in the last extremity prove untenable, you will retire toward Taneytown. Any information of importance, you will communicate direct to HEADQUARTERS Army of the Potomac, Taneytown, and in duplicate to these HEADQUARTERS. By command of Major-General Sickles:

O. H. HART,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, Emmitsburg, July 1, 1863-3. 15 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: A staff officer from Major-General Howard and a communication from him (dated Gettysburg 1. 30 p. m.) has just reached me. A large force of the enemy has engaged him in front of Gettysburg. General Reynolds was killed early in the action. General Howard requests me to support him, and I shall march with my corps toward Gettysburg immediately, moving on two parallel roads. I shall be found on the direct turnpike road from Emmitsburg. I inclose communication from General Howard. * Very respectfully,

D. E. SICKLES,

Major-General.

----
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, Emmitsburg, July 1, 1863-3. 25 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I shall leave one brigade and a battery on the heights beyond Emmitsburg, toward Fairfield, and another to the left and rear of Emmitsburg, commanding the approaches by way of Mechanicstown. These have orders, if unable to hold Emmitsburg, to fall back on Taneytown. Very respectfully,

D. E. SICKLES,

Major-General.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

