
If any shorter road presents itself, without difficulty in getting up, you will use your discretion in taking it, and report the facts to these HEADQUARTERS. General Sykes has been ordered up from Hanover to Gettysburg, and General Slocum from Littlestown; General Hancock's corps from here. The whole army are there (Gettysburg), or under way for that point. The general desires you to report here in person, without delay, the moment you receive this. He is waiting to see you here before going to the front. I am, very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]-The trains will all go to Westminster and Union Bridge, as ordered.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, [Gettysburg], July 1, 1863-9. 20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Your note to General Hancock of 6 p. m. is received. If you conclude to make the fight here, the most of the Artillery Reserve can be used to extend our right. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, July 1, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

Major- General BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Before the receipt of your dispatch (dated 4. 45 p. m.), four brigades and three batteries of my corps had advanced to the support of General Howard, and reached Gettysburg. I left two brigades and two batteries at Emmitsburg, assuming that the approaches through Emmitsburg toward out left and rear must not be uncovered. General Hancock is not in command-General Howard commands. My impression is, if I may be allowed to make a suggestion, that our left and rear are of sufficiently guarded. Nothing less than the earnest and frequent appeals of General Howard, and his supposed danger, could have induced me to move from the position assigned to me in general orders; but I believed the emergency justified my movement. Shall I return to my position at Emmitsburg, or shall I remain and report to Howard? If my corps is to remain in position here, I hope my brigades at Emmitsburg (and batteries) may be relieved and ordered to join me. This is a good battle-field. Very respectfully,

D. E. SICKLES,

Major-General, Commanding.

