HEADQUARTERS, July 1, 1863-11 p. m.

General SEDGWICK:

The general directs me to say by your aide, who has just arrived, that in case your movement has not commenced, and it will no derange your movement, to move up toward Gettysburg by Littlestown, as a better and clearer road. Very respectfully,DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major- General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, July 1, 1863-6. 30 a. m.

Brigadier- General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The enemy have evacuated York and Carlisle, and are falling back in a southwesterly direction. You will, therefore, hold your force at Hanover Junction, keeping up communication with our infantry at Hanover, and send out a small force to scout toward York and Carlisle as well as Berlin, to get the earliest information of the enemy. Kilpatrick yesterday was attacked by Stuart, but repulsed him, capturing one battle-flag and 50 prisoners, among whom was a lieutenant-colonel. Let your reports be sent in quickly, if you have to employ horses of the country to do it.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, July 1, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

Brigadier- General GREGG,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Major- General Meade is disappointed in the movement of your division to Westminster, and has directed a communication to me, under date of yesterday, stating he does not understand why General Gregg, whose orders required him to move parallel with and on the flank of the Sixth Corps, and forming the right of the army in the present movement, should have moved on the same line with that command. Your instructions required two brigades and a battery to move by Carter's to Westminster. No report has been received from you whether they did or not. Please state what routes you took in the march to Westminster, and for what reasons, that a reply can be made to the major-general commanding the army.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Hanover Junction, July 1, 1863.

Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER:

In reply to your communication of this date, concerning the movements of the Second Division, I have the honor to state that they

