
were made exactly in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 99, HEADQUARTERS Cavalry Corps, and dated June 29, 1863. Agreeably to that order, the two brigades at Ridgeville, after receiving their supplies and calling in the regiments (three of which were 7 miles distant from Ridgeville for the protection of the railroad), were prepared to march on the road directed (via Carter's, to Westminster) at such an hour as would have made their arrival at Westminster that night certain. But before they could move, the road which they were directed to follow was occupied by two army corps, which preceded them on the road for 7 miles. To get to Carter's, the command had to leave the main road 6 miles, and, when at Carter's, was 3 or 4 miles farther from Westminster than it was at the point at which if left the main road. Owing to this detour and these army corps, these brigades did not arrive at Westminster until the morning of June 30. The brigade which was ordered from Frederick to New Windsor, via Liberty and Unionville, tried to avoid the infantry by taking another than the main road, but did not succeed. The officer commanding this brigade did not go by Unionville, as it was found to be entirely off the road. This brigade arrived at New Windsor on the night of the 29th. The brigades assembled at Westminster on the morning of June 30 have since that time been marched to the points indicated, by the best practicable routes, and in the shortest possible time. I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers, Comdg. Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, July 1, 1863-11. 55 a. m.

Brigadier General D. McM. GREGG,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that, immediately on receipt of this order, you draw in your forces from Hanover Junction to Manchester, and report the fact to these HEADQUARTERS immediately. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Taneytown, Md., July 1, 1863.

General BUFORD:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to order you to fall back to Taneytown, and then to Middleburg, in case the enemy should advance in force upon you and press you hard. The cavalry will dispute every inch of the ground, and fall back very slowly to the point designated, and send in all information they can gather. By ordered of Major-General Pleasonton:

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief of Ordnance.

[P. S.]-This move is only to be made in case of great necessity.

