
you will join the Third Division, assuming command of both divisions, and holding that position as long as you can; and, should an opportunity occur to attack the enemy on the flank, moving down from Heidlersburg, you will do so vigorously, throwing a brigade to their rear, to produce confusion. General Couch's troops from Harrisburg may be expected in that direction; you will, therefore, use due caution. Make certain and frequent reports, on fast horses, which you will take wherever you may find them. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 1, 1863- 11. 20 a. m.

Brigadier General R. INGALLS,
HEADQUARTERS Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Bootees, socks, and other supplies will be sent to Westminster by the Western Maryland Railroad; also a construction train, to lay down sidings and prepare the means of transacting business there. General Haupt is ordered from Harrisburg to Baltimore and the Northern Central, to take charge of the repairs of the Northern Central and the work upon the Western Maryland Railroad. If this movement is successful, you will probably have a depot at Westminster for a time. Reports seem to indicate a concentration of the rebels. Some trains, if you strike the Northern Central at any point which they can reach, can be moved on to that road. These movements are ordered, and are in preparation. Supplies of shoes are on the cars.

M. C. MEIGS,Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 1, 1863. (Received 7 p. m.)

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army:

Since my last dispatch, the enemy had appeared in force near Gettysburg, and is driving in our cavalry pickets. It is presumed he will attack us in pitched battle very soon. We have plenty of supplies, I think, to answer until after the battle, and we can then better tell where we want to receive them. Our teams are now all ordered on the railroad between Union Bridge and Westminster. None go to Frederick. Please, therefore, send the forage to Union Bridge, but defer sending anything at present to Frederick. Matters will culminate here very quickly, and, we doubt not, victoriously for us. Do not regard me as undecided at all about supplies. I think we have enough until after a fight, but I make requisitions by orders.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

