
HARRISBURG, PA., July 1, 1863-12. 45 a. m. (Received 1. 35 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Information just received, 12. 45 a. m., leads to the belief that the concentration of the forces of the enemy will be at Gettysburg rather than at Chambersburg. The movement on their part is very rapid and hurried. They returned from Carlisle in the direction of Gettysburg by way of the Petersburg pike. Firing about Petersburg and Dillsburg this p. m. continued some hours. Meade should by all means be informed, and be prepared for a sudden attack from Lee's whole army.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.

(Sent to General Meade be courier from Frederick, at 2 p. m. ; copy to General Schenck.)

BALTIMORE, MD., July 1, 1863-1. 40 a. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

The explanation of Lee's hasty retreat and concentration on Chambersburg is that the several corps of General Meade's Army of the Potomac have reached Gettysburg and Westminster. I hope you will be able to press after the enemy, in conjunction with Meade, as the rebels are evidently endeavoring to escape by way of the Cumberland Valley, and the route by which they advanced. You might communicate now with General Meade through Gettysburg.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 1, 1863. (Received, War Department, 11. 10 a. m.)

General MEADE:

At 10 a. m., June 30, Lee's HEADQUARTERS were at Greenwood, 8 miles east of Chambersburg, on the Baltimore pike. Hill's corps lies east of Greenwood. Greenwood is 2 1/2 miles from the mountain. Longstreet's corps lies south of Greenwood, toward Hagerstown. Ewell's corps probably concentrated yesterday near Gettysburg.

D. M. COUCH,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 1, 1863.

General MEADE:

I shall try to get to you by to-morrow morning a reliable gentleman and some scouts, who are acquainted with the country you wish to know of. Rebels this way have all concentrated in the direction of Gettysburg and Chambersburg. I occupy Carlisle.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

