
Longstreet's corps passed through Chambersburg on Friday and Saturday [27th]. in the direction of Carlisle. In Carlisle Sunday evening; left on Monday afternoon; went through Newville with artillery in full trot, in the direction of Shippensburg, probably to take the Gettysburg road from this point. Lee was in the square at Chambersburg at 9 a. m. Saturday, with 8, 000 men and 40 pieces (part of Hill's). Left, after a conference with Hill, in the direction of Gettysburg. Hill's corps commenced leaving Chambersburg at 12 m. Saturday, three hours after Lee, in same direction. Early left Gettysburg for York Saturday; entered York Sunday; left York 2 p. m. Tuesday. Firing Tuesday for several hours about Dillsburg and Petersburg, on the line between York and Gettysburg. I am leaving for Baltimore. Respectfully submitted.

H. HAUPT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Numbers 21, Harrisburg, July 1, 1863.

* * * * * *

XI. Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Ruff, Third U. S. Cavalry, having been ordered to report to the major-general commanding by the Secretary of War, is hereby announced as inspector-general of this department and additional aide-de-camp to the commanding general. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly,

XII. Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Ruff, inspector-general and aide-de-camp, will proceed to Reading, and assume command of the forces now rendezvoused at that place. He will report to, and receive his orders direct from, these HEADQUARTERS. By command of Major General D. N. Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 1, 1863. (Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

In consequence of the destruction of the Northern Central Railroad, I was obliged to take Philadelphia in my route, and was thus delayed until Sunday evening at Philadelphia. Colonel McClure, just from Harrisburg, induced me to take the route by Reading, as the Pennsylvania Central might be cut by the rebels at any moment. The necessary delay in Philadelphia I used in visiting the committee of the Union League and the one for raising colored troops; and I think my remarks were of service, in inducing them to raise troops as soon as possible. Recruiting is going on quite rapidly. I found the citizens greatly alarmed; many of them under the impression that the rebels would take Harrisburg and march on their city. I satisfied many friends that this was impossible. Yesterday I had interviews with the Governor and General Couch, and I afterward examined the defenses; also the river as far as Middletown. The Governor's belief at this time was that Harrisburg would certainly be attacked. I took the ground that no attack would be made at this time, as General Lee would have to turn his

