
ton, you leave only one infantry company to man the batteries at Forts Hamilton and Richmond. The Roanoke leaves to-day, leaving no vessel but those undergoing repairs. All the artillery of the city has been sent to Pennsylvania. I have applied for State artillery, and as soon as it arrives, I will send you the two companies required. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

DEPOT, Baltimore, Md., July 1, 1863. (Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

At your request, through Mr. Garrett, I have seen the chief officers of Northern Central road, now in Baltimore, who say the are at once ready to carry out your wishes about an express locomotive from Baltimore to Westminster and return every three hours. Only 7 miles of the Northern Central to their Relay House is used, the other 29 miles, from Relay to Westminster, being upon the Western Maryland road. The Central, however, will make the whole arrangement. There is no telegraph line upon the Western Maryland, Relay being the nearest station to Westminster excepting that of Glen Rock, on the Northern Central, which is 23 miles by a country road. The office at Relay, as well as that at Bolton Station, Baltimore, will, they promise, be kept open without a moment's intermission.

W. P. SMITH.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 1, 1863. (Received 8. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have conferred with the acting superintendent of the Northern Central Railroad, Mr. Young, and with Superintendent Shoemaker, of the Express Company. I have arranged that a locomotive be started from Bolton Station at 9 this p. m., and that Express Company will send by that engine 12 active horses for service between Westminster and General Meade's HEADQUARTERS. The messengers also go on this train. Will you have your first message at telegraph office, Bolton, by that hour?

The parties will arrange that an engine shall leave Baltimore and Westminster, respectively, every three hours, waiting, however, with fast engine at Westminster, for the reply to the dispatch, which you may now send, unless you instruct otherwise. Mr. Young states that the Western Maryland Railroad is very deficient in sidings, but has promised, after full discussion of the difficulty, to do all that is practicable, and hopes fully to accomplish your wishes. Should you prefer a later hour for starting, please so direct.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 1, 1863-11. 24 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

You will please accept the thanks of this Department for your energetic and successful arrangements for communicating with General

