
Culpeper on Monday last, and that R. E. Lee reviewed the troops on that day. He further states that Ewell's corps is also at Culpeper, and that A. P. Hill's corps is at Fredericksburg; that the enemy intend to cross at Kelly's Ford, and march for Aquia Creek should our troops cross at Fredericksburg, and, in case our army comes this way, A. P. Hill will cross at Fredericksburg. He thinks the attack yesterday on their cavalry has set them back for some time, as their horses, being grass-fed, were broken down by their hard work. He states that we punished them severely, and that we killed more than we wounded. Their officers could not get them up to the fight, and they were compelled to fall back. He states that if our advance had not stopped when Colonel Davis fell, we would have captured all their artillery, as the camp was in bed asleep, and no support nearer than a mile. Stuart's raid was intended for Pennsylvania and Pittsburgh. Should the general wish to see the man, I will send him down.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

------------

JUNE 10, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps:

Your dispatch, 2. 45, received just now. General Hooker's dispatch sent last; act on it. He is absent for a few minutes. Will telegraph again.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

-------------

JUNE 10, 1863-8. 10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The following extract from a dispatch from General Pleasonton is forwarded for your information: A contraband (servant of officers), taken yesterday, states that Longstreet's command was at Culpeper on Monday last; that R. E. Lee reviewed troops on that day; that Ewell's corps is also at Culpeper; A. P. Hill's corps at Fredericksburg; that the enemy intend to cross at Kelly's Ford, and march for Aquia Creek should our troops cross at Fredericksburg, &amp;c. The general desires to know if you have Kelly's Ford well guarded. From those deserters, if not yet started, ascertain when Pickett's division was at Hanover, and when they left it there. Can you ascertain what troops are opposite you?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, June 10, 1863-9 p. m.

(Received 10, 40 p. m.)

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Another contraband, who had been a servant to officers in Cobb's Legion, states that Generals R. E. Lee, Longstreet. A. P. Hill, and Ewell were at the review at Culpeper on Monday last. No infantry

