
in the States in rebellion. This clandestine and contraband correspondence must altogether cease. Many of the letters that have thus come into the possession of the military authority are only of a family or personal character, but many more of them contain information of military or public affairs. Hereafter the writer of any such intercepted letter, living within this department, will be arrested and sent beyond the lines, where the intercourse with his or her correspondent may be in person, and the communication of the parties can be conducted without resort to this uncertain medium of secret mails. Many places and persons in this city and elsewhere are known as the depositaries of such illicit letters. Hereafter such facilities for transmission will be broken up in all cases be the immediate arrest and punishment of the parties affording them. By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Bonaughtown, July 2, 1863-12. 30 a. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

GENERAL: On the receipt of General Meade's note to General Slocum, of the 1st instant, I left Hanover at 7 p. m., and marched 9 miles to Bonaughtown, on route to Gettysburg. I shall resume my march at 4 a. m. Crawford's division had not reached Hanover at the hour I left there. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding. (Similar dispatch to General Slocum.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, [Taneytown], July 2, 1863-2. 40 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

It is now full time for Lieutenant [Paul A.] Olliver to return and General Sedgwick to have reported here, yet neither of them has appeared. I apprehend some trouble has occurred, and that our cavalry have not kept the rebels out from between us and our corps. I have no cavalry force with which to send an order to Sedgwick, as all that are left here are insufficient to cut their way through any large force. I shall, however, now make the attempt. Should it transpire that such is the case (of the rebel cavalry being between us), I shall send the general HEADQUARTERS train direct to Frederick instead of Westminster. Please answer if all right. I forward all the dispatches received. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

