
JULY 2, 1863-3. 40 a. m.

General ALPHEUS S. WILLIAMS:

The general directs that you advance your division and connect with General Wadsworth. General Geary will be with you soon, and you will put him in position on your right. This must be done at once. By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 2, 1863-5 a. m.

Captain MENDELL,Commanding Battalion of Engineers:

The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your battalion to the vicinity of Westminster and Union Bridge, and guard the trains in that vicinity against any cavalry raid. You may find some infantry from other corps there. If in your judgment they are in sufficient force to guard to large number of wagons there assembled, you will report the fact, and hold your command in readiness to move elsewhere. If you find the force small and insufficient, the major- general commanding desires that you take charge of the whole, and dispose and instruct the troops on the duty in such a manner that they will be able to make a vigorous and determined resistance against any raid. You will march at once. Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Taneytown], July 2, 1863-5. 30 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK:

GENERAL: At 4. 30 p. m. yesterday orders were sent you to move up your command to Taneytown. At 7. 30 p. m. this order was repeated by the hands of Lieutenant Oliver, aide-de-camp, directing that you should make forced marches; that you should take the shortest route to Gettysburg, your trains all to be sent to Westminster and Union Bridge, south of the railroad, as ordered, yourself to report here in person at 11 p. m. By the arrival of your aide, the general was under the belief that you had not received the 4. 30 p. m. order, but your aide reported Lieutenant Oliver on the way, having met him half way there. At 2. 40 a. m., on your non-arrival here, I again dispatched a scout, who was directed to make his way through the woods, if the enemy's cavalry, as was feared, might be between you and us, and deliver you copies of the two orders. The general, after waiting until 12 to see you, left for the field of operations, and directed me to remain and communicate to you his views, and, having done so, to come up to the battle-field early this morning. Your non-arrival, probably owing to the failure of orders to reach you, causes me to submit the following memorandum of the views of

