
the general as far as your forces are concerned, which was made to me last evening, and based upon the supposition that you were to be here in person before day, and the greater portion of your command. The memorandum is as follows. From it, you must act according to your best judgment and further information and orders received, opening communication with General Meade as soon as possible, and reporting the whereabouts and condition of your command.

MEMORANDUM.

(Written July 1-10 p. m.)

The general presumes that the condition of your troops upon arrival here will possibly be such that you can hardly get on the battle- field of to-day before the action is pretty well settled. The general proposes to make a vigorous attack upon the enemy to- morrow. After taking the shortest possible rest necessary, the general thinks you had better move forward as far as possible, and take up position in line of battle at some strong point, so that in the event of the general's being compelled to withdraw, you can cover his withdrawal. If he is successful, you can push forward to aid him. There are strong positions on this side of Willoughby's Run-high, commanding ground. This memorandum was made upon the supposition that your orders would reach you, and you would march by Taneytown. You may have marched by Two Taverns. You may probably make some dispositions, if you are not able to reach the field. A. P. Hill and Longstreet are supposed to be concentrated in front of Gettysburg. Ewell-it is not known definitely where he is, but may be on our right flank. His HEADQUARTERS were at Berlin night before last. You can communicate sufficiently in advance of your column, wherever it may be, to get orders direct from General Meade, who is now on the field, at or near Gettysburg, and I am proceeding to join him. I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

SIGNAL STATION, July 2, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

Communication with Emmitsburg is still open, but no communication yet with Gettysburg.

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS, July 2, 1863-7. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel MEYSENBURG,Assistant Adjutant-General, Eleventh Corps:

SIR: The First Brigade numbers 650 muskets, and is in position, faced both to the right and front. The Second Brigade, about 500 muskets, is in position, faced to the front, i. e., toward the town.

A. AMES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

