
were on review, but live or six divisions of infantry were near there and Orange Court-House. They said they were going to issue rations for three days, and after that they were to ration themselves up in Pennsylvania (this was said to the cavalry). These rations were to be issued the day we went over there. There seems to be truth in this information.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS, CAVALRY CORPS,June 10, 1863-10. 45 p. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

Your second dispatch to-day just received. We did encounter infantry yesterday, both mounted and on foot. Those mounted are armed with rifles made at Fayetteville, and marked C. S. A. Some were captured. Infantry at Brandy Station jumped from the cars, and attacked Gregg's people. The infantry I have is sufficient for my wants unless the enemy crosses his infantry in force; then at least one infantry corps will be needed in addition at Bealeton. Some of the contraband state it was talked among the rebels of throwing their force over at Kelly's Ford, and getting in between what they suppose the two wings of our army. I am satisfied the enemy have a strong infantry force at Culpeper. I am also satisfied their cavalry was crippled yesterday, while mine was not. Have all my dismounted men at Potomac Creek mounted as soon as possible; also the dismounted regulars.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 10, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your dispatch to Spangler relative to moving to-morrow received at 6 p. m. I have been most busy in endeavoring to move and equip the dismounted men of the First, Second, and Third Divisions, and have forwarded requisitions to Washington for ordnance, which ought to be on hand to-morrow, to complete the entire equipment of men at Stafford and Point Pleasonton (369), to forward to your command. Major-General Hooker desires to break up

4 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

