
Governor Curtin has just returned from Philadelphia, where he addressed the citizens, and he is confident that they realize the condition of affairs, and will go heartily to work to raise troops.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, July 2, 1863. (Received 11. 40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

To run an express every three hours over the Western Maryland Railroad with dispatches will interfere with supplies, as there is no telegraph line on the road. We will arrange to have the service performed in the most expeditious manner to keep everything moving.

H. HAUPT,

In Charge Military Railroads.

ADAMS EXPRESS OFFICE, Baltimore Md., July 2, 1863. (Received 3. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

By order of General Haupt, we have organized a horse express from this point to General Meade's HEADQUARTERS. The first express will leave in half an hour, the next at 6 p. m. to-day. We have reason to believe that we have an organized corps of expressmen extending from Westminster to General Meade's HEADQUARTERS. That portion of the line from here to Westminster is now being put on. The line is placed in charge of out most active men. Dispatches to General Schenck's HEADQUARTERS in this city will be forwarded with the utmost dispatch. Respectfully,

S. M. SHOEMAKER,

Superintendent Adams Express Company.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 2, 1863.

General HAUPT, Eutaw House, Baltimore:

The matter has been satisfactorily arranged by appointing Mr. Wright superintendent of military transportation in this department. He will not take possession of the railroads, unless in case of extreme necessity, but will see that all proper orders are promptly executed, and that improper orders are not allowed to be given to the railroads; no movements of cars or engines to take place on public business without his authority. Great confusion has been created here by every one assuming control of the roads, and Wright's services will be invaluable to me. Will you give your consent to his remaining here in this capacity, at least for the present, with the authority I ask? He has already commenced the duty. Please reply.

AMBROSE THOMPSON,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Aide-de-Camp.

