
HARRISBURG, July 2, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster- General, Washington:

I have found it impossible, after great efforts, to hire transportation here to any extent. The people seem disinclined to do anything, and General Couch is not willing to use coercive measures. If you will direct Colonel Crosman to forward wagons and harness on my requisition, I can purchase some horses, and will get on with as small a train as possible. The troops are unable to move for want of transportation, and not even able to haul supplies to their camps. Please reply.

AMBROSE THOMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp.

RELAY HOUSE, July 2, 1863-12 midnight.

Brigadier-General HAUPT, Eutaw House, Baltimore:

Just returned from New Oxford and Hanover Junction. There are nineteen bridges destroyed between York Haven and Hanover Junction. Between Hanover Junction and Gettysburg there are two small ones gone, and one partially. I think these three bridges can be put up in from one to two days. I shall retain the Tiger here until further orders.

J. B. CLOUGH,

Engineer of Construction.

WAR DEPARTMENT, July 2, 1863-11. 40 a. m.

B. GERHARD, Esq. (and others),

Chairman of Union League, Philadelphia:

Your dispatch, received this morning, together with one from Mr. Webster, one the same subject, has been submitted to the President, and is now under his consideration, and his determination will be communicated to you. I will add that on the day following the call made on the Governor of Pennsylvania, this Department addressed a communication to the Governors of all the loyal States, requesting them to forward any troops or militia at their disposal. From their answers, it appeared that none but New York had any military organization effective for raising troops within a short period.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 2, 1863. (Received 1. 35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The adjutant-general of the State of Pennsylvania directs me to lay before you the statement that the troops at Reading refuse to be mustered into the service before they know that their clothing will be allowed to them, in addition to their monthly pay of $13. The difficulty is, that it is not known how long they will be in service, and if in service for only a month, their monthly pay will be insufficient even

