
I hope you will be able to help us with some of your steamers. Please let me know by the bearer. We have no lookout vessel at Fort Schuyler. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

SUFFOLK, July 2, 1863.

Captain BARSTOW: Please communicate to General Dix that I have all the public property removed to the new line. Will have all the works completely destroyed this evening, and will leave here early to-morrow.

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS Army of the Potomac, July 3, 1863.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

With respect to the report that Beauregard has a large force at Hagerstown, I am instructed by the commanding general to say that a dispatch was yesterday captured, * showing that the proposition to concentrate a large army under Beauregard for the support of Lee's army is regarded by President Davis as impracticable. An intimation will be given to General Slocum that General Geary is probably wasting his ammunition. Very respectfully,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS Army of the POTOMAC, July 3, 1863-7. 45 a. m.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

General Wadsworth reports that, although there appears to be a large force of the enemy in front of General Geary, no reply is being made to the cannonading by that officer. I am, therefore, directed by the commanding general to suggest whether it would not be well for you to intimate to General Geary that he had better reserve his ammunition for a time when it shall be more necessary. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUNTAIN PEAK SIGNAL STATION, July 3, 1863-8. 15 a. m.

Colonel McMahon:

Can see twenty-seven pieces of the enemy's artillery in position opposite. No movement of infantry; no wagon trains visible.

---------------

* See Lee to Cooper, June 23; Davis to Lee, June 28, and Cooper to Lee, June 29, in Confederate Correspondence, etc. The last two were captured by the Union scouts, and July 3 were telegraphed by Butterfield to Halleck.

---------------

