
balloon at Bank's Ford will probably be able to give you information if you get in communication with it. Reports came in of the withdrawal of enemy's forces opposite our left, since last night. The general desires that you will use all exertions to keep yourself and him informed as to their movements.

DANIEL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

-------------

JUNE 4, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

General BUFORD,

Bealeton or Warrenton:

Reports and appearances here indicate the disappearance of a portion of the enemy's forces from opposite our left. The general desires you to keep a sharp lookout, country well scouted, and advise us as soon as possible of anything in your front or vicinity

indicating a movement.

DANIEL BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

-------------

JUNE 4, 1863 - 10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Stoneman's Switch:

Balloon reports from Banks' Ford two camps disappeared and several batteries in motion.

Balloon near Reynolds reports line of dust near Salem Church, and 20 wagons moving northerly on the Telegraph road.

DANIEL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

----------------

SEDDON HOUSE, JUNE 4, 1863-2. 20 p. m.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Last night (1 a. m.) the signal officer here saw fires southeast - about where Archer's brigade seems to have been. At

the same time the enemy's pickets were withdrawn, excepting about 10 or 12 men along a line about 3 miles opposite here. This morning the pickets were strengthened, but not as strong as at first. The officer of the day thinks they were altogether withdrawn farther down, but I don't think he knows anything about it. He thought, also, that they were replaces near here by cripples, but he has not been down far; it is not yet reliable. The signal officer here has just discovered that six camps are missing where the fires were last night. From the general direction, they seem to be Archer's. The artillery has not moved, only the six regiments of infantry. The signal officer at 1 p. m. reported no changes from the Fitzhugh House station.

The pickets along the river seem to be nearer the water than usual, and also nearer together toward Fredericksburg, with scarcely any supports. I will continue around the whole line, and go to next station below, to see if there is anything moving.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

ULRIC DAHLGREN,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

