
these depots, and furnish every available man to the corps. I have obtained this afternoon 100 sets of equipments for the Second Division, and have made requisitions for the equipment of the entire number of dismounted-say 1, 106. Did you propose that the dismounted men should be moved to your present position, or remain here? Generals S. Williams and Ingalls have ben assisting me in every particular, and as the mounting of these men is of such importance, the horses being at hand, I had better remain here to attend to it. Will you give me the pleasure of the general commanding with regard to it at once? The Firth and Eighth Illinois and Fifth and Ninth New York join you.

A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,June 10, 1863-12. 05 p. m.

Major-General STAHEL,

Comdg. Cavalry, Dept, of Washington, Bristoe Station:

GENERAL: Colonel Jewett, commanding at Poolesville, reports, on what he deems reliable information, that Mosby was in force at Dranesville yesterday. If your people are not longer needed where they are, it would be well to scout the country in the direction of Dranesville. Do the best you can under the circumstances. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Abercrombie.)

-------------
HEADQUARTERS, DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Washington, June 10, 1863-2. 10 p. m.

Colonel JEWETT,

Commanding at Poolesville:

COLONEL: Your dispatch received. Company I, Sixth Michigan, appears to have behaved well. If Colonel Lowell passes Poolesville, direct him to pursue, and destroy, if possible, the party of Confederates which crossed the river this morning. Major-General Stahel has been notified of the situation, and probably before this time has sent parties to operate on the right bank of the Potomac against the same people.

You obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

------------

MARTINSBURG, VA.,

June 10, 1863.

Major-General MILROY,

Commanding Second Division, Winchester, Va.:

GENERAL: In accordance with order from Major-General Halleck, received from headquarters at Baltimore to-day, you will immediately take steps to remove your command from Winchester, Va., to Harper's Ferry. You will, without delay, call in Colonel McRey-

