
sides. All our forces have been, and still are, in action, and we shall be compelled too stand and fight it out. There is a unanimous determination to resist until we drive the rebels. They began the fight, but we have repulsed them at all points, and hold our original battleground. This entire army has fought with terrible obstinacy, and has covered itself with glory. Pity it is not larger.

We have supplies at Westminster, which must come up to-morrow if we remain here. The contest will be decided to-day, I think.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS.] HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 3, 1863.

Brigadier General William Hays is assigned to the command of the Second Army Corps, and will forthwith enter upon duty accordingly.

Major General John Newton will at once assume command of the portion of the line commencing at the left to Howard's line and terminating at the right of Sykes'. He will continue in command of the First Corps. All subordinates will comply with his orders.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Battle-field near Gettysburg, Pa., July 3, 1863.

The commanding general directs that corps commanders cause all their stragglers and men absent from the ranks to be sent for and brought up. The utmost exertion is to be made by all, and every man must stand to the work.

The ordnance officers should be required to see that all the arms and equipments scattered over the field are picked up and sent to the rear in the empty ammunition wagons.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 3, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General FRENCH, Frederick, Md.:

General Meade's position at Gettysburg is such that you can reach him more safely by marching on the east side of the Monocacy, unless your orders from him are different.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

RELAY HOUSE, [B. AND O. R. R.,] July 3, 1863.

(Received, Frederick, 7 p. m.)

Major-General FRENCH:

I am directed by Major-General Schenck to put myself in communication with you, to arrange respecting the guarding of the Balti-

