
more and Ohio Railroad. I have to-day ordered detachments of from 30 to 70 each at points on the railroad where country roads cross or intersect the railroad from the south, extending as far west as Water Station No. 17, about 3 miles this side of Monocacy Bridge. Some of these detachments will go out early to-morrow morning. The one sent to Monocacy this morning has been ordered to Mount Airy, 16 miles this side of that point. I would suggest that the line west of Mount Airy be guarded by troops from your command, and thus somewhat lessen the extent of line, which branches on to the Washington road as far as Annapolis Junction.

HENRY S. BRIGGS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, Md., July 3, 1863.

Major-General MEADE:

GENERAL: I have undoubted information that the rebels have a pontoon bridge across the Potomac River at Falling Waters, 2 or 3 miles below Williamsport. They have artillery guarding it on the Virginia shore.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

(Same to Halleck.)

BALTIMORE, July 3, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War, Washington:

I learn that the suffering near the battle-field at Gettysburg and beyond is terrible, in the want of sufficient medical attendance, food and other help. The food we can supply, but I understand that the medical director of the Army of the Potomac has objected, and perhaps very properly, to civilian surgeon being indiscriminately admitted.

Cannot I authorize my medical director or purveyor to organize and employ a corps of 10 or 12 able loyal surgeons from civil life to go up and give their services? Barns, houses, and yards are full of these sufferers. Pennsylvania is not taking care of them, notwithstanding the Governor's notice to the public that she would

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

PROCLAMATION.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS, Baltimore, Md., July 3, 1863.

By virtue of my authority as the general commanding this department, and in view of the present existing necessity for providing with special care against armed rebellion, threatening invasion from without, and secret traitors plotting against the public safety within, I do hereby declare and establish martial law throughout the State of Delaware.

This suspension of civil government is not, however, intended to extend beyond what seems absolutely necessary for the objects in

