
view. All the courts, tribunals, and political functionaries of State, county, and city authority will continue in the discharge of their duties, as in times of peace, only in no way interfering with the exercise of the predominant power assumed and asserted by the military authorities. All peaceful citizens are required to remain quietly in their homes, and in pursuit of their ordinary avocations, excepting as they may possibly be subject to call for personal services, or other necessary requisitions for military purposes or uses hereafter.

All seditious language or mischievous practices tending to the encouragement of rebellion are especially prohibited, and will be promptly made the subject of observation and treatment. Traitorous and dangerous persons must expect to be dealt with as the public safety may require. "To save the country is paramount to all other considerations. "

When the occasion for this proclamation passes by, no one will be more rejoiced than the undersigned to have the entire supremacy of the civil power restored, and to return to the normal condition of a country at peace and a Government sustained by a united people.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General. Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 178. Baltimore, Md., July 3, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Brigadier General Daniel Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from the command of the First Provisional Brigade at Baltimore, and is assigned to the charge as commandant and military governor of a district to be composed of the State of Delaware, and to the command of all troops in the service of the United States or that may be in any way called into service within such district. He is also charged with the military protection and defense of the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad within the States of Delaware and Maryland, and will assume command of all the troops employed on that duty. His headquarters will be established at the city of Wilmington.

* * * * * * V. Brigadier General E. B. Tyler, U. S. Volunteers, is for the present assigned to the command of all the forces now at the city of Baltimore, excepting those composing the Second Separate Brigade; also of all troops employed in guarding the Northern Central Railroad.

* * * * * * By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMDEN STATION, MD., July 3, 1863. (Received 12 noon.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

We have the following dispatch of last night from our agent at Washington:

Nearly all of us are enrolled, and are ordered to meet to-morrow at places in the different wards in which we live. If this is carried out, our operations will be

