
BLOODY RUN, July 3, 1863.

Major-General COUCH:

Your orders will be promptly obeyed. My scouts in from the Potomac. Same high and rising. Scouts report no rebels at Chambersburg. Rebel force at Hancock. Caliber of my muskets, . 58. Part of my cavalry at Loudon

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 3, 1863-10 a. m.

Colonel PIERCE, Bedford:

Your letter received, &amp;c. Sent you a dispatch this morning; I trust it will not get into rebel hands. Of course, you will not obey literally any order I send to you as regards moving, if it is manifestly unsafe; otherwise I take the responsibility of the movement.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CARLISLE, July 3, 1863.

Major-General COUCH:

I do not think it possible to march at 12, and, with these troops, I think it would be no saving. I need only what I have sent for, and two or three wagons. I think some which have been furnished me have deserted. As you send militia here, I shall leave no regiment, unless you so direct.

My ammunition has not yet come up, and I don't know if my ordnance officer knows enough to brig it. If Reno has returned and would like to come, please send for him.

W. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 3, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General D. N. COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

As Lee is concentrating his forces near Gettysburg against Meade, all your available forces should be thrown forward to the assistance of our main army. Probably this assistance can be best rendered by moving rapidly on Lee's left flank, compelling him to make detachments.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 3, 1863-6 p. m. (Received 7. 10 p. m.)

Ho. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your two dispatches received. General Sigel will for the present be assigned to Reading. If the Northern States, as is rumored, intend raising a large force to serve in Pennsylvania, they should, if possible, be equipped and mustered before leaving the State. I don't think it would be well, in the event of Meade being wiped out, which

