
I don't believe, to have an immense mass of disorganized able-bodied men as a prize for a victorious foe.

I have nothing from my scouts, excepting that the fighting at Gettysburg began at 5 to-day and artillery firing ceased at 9 a. m.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 3, 1863-7 p. m. (Received 8. 20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Last night the rebels were driving their trains from Cashtown to Chambersburg. Every available musket and cannon is sent to the front. Seventy-nine guns went forward last night. My cavalry were at Fayetteville, near Chambersburg, last night. Imboden is near Chambersburg. Lieutenant [Oliver B.] Knowles and 88 men, Boyd's New York Cavalry, charged 75 rebels, and captured 22 men and 33 horses.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

(Same to Meade.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 3, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

I have received General Meade's telegram to you of 8. 30 a. m. His call for assistance should not pass unheeded.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JULY 3, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

General SMITH, Carlisle:

Halleck is anxious for me to send a force to operate by rapid marches on Lee's flank, in order to distract them, &amp;c. Your movement in the direction spoken of will, of course, by just the thing. Keep me advised as to the road, and about your supplies, your line of march, &c. My opinion is, if you go far, you will have to live on what the rebels have left, and, in case you [are] cut off, strike for the mountains or some of the fords. Please let me know, if you can, your force, and in number [sic].

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

BLOODY RUN, July 3, 1863-9 p. m.

Major General D. N. COUCH:

Whole force in motion, 12 m. Cavalry gone forward to McConnellsburg; will reach there to-morrow by 12 m. Have only about 20 rounds small ammunition, and have worked hard to get supply ever since I took command. Have asked Pittsburgh for ammunition. Was refused. Shall I proceed eastward with infantry?

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

