
would be difficult to get them at this moment. If I send you the two companies of artillery, numbering 155 effective me, I shall only have 460 enlisted men for duty to man the guns of nine forts, including Governor's Island.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 3, 1863.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL, New York City:

Telegram received, and I regret exceedingly your unwillingness to send the two companies of artillery at Fort Hamilton. You state that all the artillerists of the city have been sent to Harrisburg. These, though no doubt excellent men, are not what is desired, for any number of such can be obtained in this State. Practised artillerists, such as the two companies referred to, are what is desired. If, general, my first telegram had been promptly complied with, these men would have been of great service in the attack on Carlisle, and if here now, they would, in our critical period, be of one hundred times more service than they can possibly render at Fort Hamilton, in the movement on Lee's flank and rear, ordered from this place. In the emergency, it is only for me to reiterate the order to send them forward.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 3, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General [CHARLES W.] SANDFORD, New York:

Your telegram of this date received, and order given. Dispatches from the battle-field of Gettysburg inform us that the severest battle of the war has been raging there since 4 o'clock yesterday evening. Our latest intelligence, direct from General Meade, is at 8 o'clock this morning. Up to that date (time), the enemy had been successfully repulsed at all points.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 3, 1863-12 m.

General R. INGALLS, Care of General Meigs:

I hope to have the Cumberland Valley Railroad in working order to Shippensburg in three days. We can also put the Northern Central Railroad in order in three days from the time the rebels are cleared out north of Gettysburg.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,

Numbers 5. Harrisburg, July 3, 1863.

The general commanding calls the attention of all officers and soldiers in this department to the vice of pillaging, which as yet

