
exists only to a small extent. He trusts that all will unite in frowning upon this disgraceful practice, and in a determination to put an entire stop to it.

All military organizations of whatever extent, whether army, corps, regiment, or company, must remember that, in order to gain for themselves a good reputation, it is essential that they preserve their record free from such stains.

Commanding officers will be held strictly accountable that private property is sedulously respected be every officer and man under them. They will also see that there is no straggling permitted on the march, or from the camps.

If soldiers or officers fail in their duties, they shall at once be arrested and reported to these headquarters, and, besides the military punishments provided, their names, with the number and designation of the regiment to which they belong, shall, as a further disgrace, be furnished to the adjutant-general of the State to which they belong.

By command of Major General D. N. Couch:

JNO. S. SCHULTZE,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RELAY, [NORTHERN CENTRAL RAILROAD,] July 3, 1863. (Received 10. 20 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Commander-in-Chief:

One of our engines proceeded to Hanover Junction yesterday afternoon; thence, over the Gettysburg Railroad, to within 7 miles of Gettysburg, where a burned bridge obstructed farther progress. Report excessively heavy firing and much smoke toward Gettysburg. Returned at midnight. Nineteen bridges are destroyed between Harrisburg and Hanover Junction, on the Northern Central Railroad. I have sent half my bridge corps with train to Harrisburg, via Baltimore and Philadelphia, to work south; the other half to work north. This road is of the very poorest description-curves of 300 feet radius, around which ordinary engines with flanged drivers cannot run. I will make the best arrangement possible, but not much dependence can be placed upon this road. Some supplies, in the present position of the army, might be sent from Sykesville by wagon. I learn from Colonel Donaldson that he has forwarded all the supplies that have been ordered by the Westminster branch, but the amount not large. I am now leaving for Westminster.

H. HAUPT.

Brigadier-General, in Charge of U. S. Military Railroads.

RELAY, [NORTHERN CENTRAL RAILROAD,] July 3, 1863. (Received 5. 40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The track of the Westminster branch is not in as bad condition as its officers represented it. I inspected it carefully; have put a schedule in operation, and, if we escape accidents and cars are promptly unloaded, * be without sidings, passing places, or telegraph, and put through 150 cars per day each way.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

*Original here incomplete.

---------------

