
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 4, 1863-10 a. m.

The President announces to the country that news from the Army of the Potomac, up to 10 p. m. of the 3d, is such as to cover that army with the highest honor; to promise a great success to the cause of the Union, and to claim the condolence of all for the many gallant fallen; and that for this he especially desire that on this day, He, whose will, not ours, should ever be done, be everywhere remembered and ever reverenced with profoundest gratitude.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 4, 1863.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Colonel Carroll's brigade, of my Third Division, is serving with the Eleventh Corps; also the One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Battalion with the same corps; that the Second and Third Divisions of my troops are between the troops of Generals Howard and Birney; and the First Division is on the left of General Birney. None of our troops are in my front. My men have three day's rations, and are in good condition-not referring to the men with the Eleventh Corps.

WILLIAM HAYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 4, 1863. (Received, War Department, 12. 40 p. m.)

General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The glorious success of the Army of the Potomac has electrified all. I did not believe it could be whipped when fought in a body. Unquestionably the rebels have fortified the passes in South Mountain. Such information was given me a week ago from Gettysburg.

D. N. COUCH.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 4, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg:

General Meade directs me to inform you that his present position is as follows:

The enemy attacked him yesterday again, and was repulsed with great loss. This morning the enemy has withdrawn his left, and taken a position in the rear of Gettysburg, fortifying the roads via Fairfield and Cashtown. This army is resting from its recent severe conflict and rapid marches; getting up supplies and ammunition to-day. As soon as it can be definitely ascertained that Lee is retiring into the Valley, I shall move rapidly in a southerly direction.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

