
JULY 4, 1863.

General WILLIAM F. SMITH:

Major-General Meade directs me to say that he remains here with this army to-morrow, burying his dead and the enemy's, as well as determining by a reconnaissance the nature of the movements and intentions of the enemy. We have been engaged with the enemy for the three days-July 1, 2, and 3. On the 1st, our forces met, and we lost Reynolds. On the 2d, the enemy attacked us heavily, and was repulsed with heavy loss. On the 3rd (yesterday), he again attacked us with great vigor, and was repulsed.

The general is of opinion that the enemy is retreating via Fairfield and Cashtown, but is not certain on his present information. Should the enemy be retreating, he will pursue by the way of Emmitsburg and Middletown, on his flank. This army has been very much reduced by the casualties of service, and the general would be glad to have you join him.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 4, 1863.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your corps in readiness to cover a reconnaissance by Brigadier-General Warren, such portions of it to be used as may be necessary, the object of the reconnaissance being to find out the position and movements of the enemy. Be ready at 4. 30 a. m. to-morrow.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, July 4, 1863.

[General D. McM. GREGG:]

GENERAL: Colonel [J. K.] Robison is in Hunterstown. Reports a few pickets in sight, to the left of the town; I presume on the road to Mummasburg. Citizens report from 1, 500 to 2, 000 Confederates in that direction, with artillery. Have ordered Colonel Robison to push them, to see if they will return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

JULY 4, 1863.

Major-General FRENCH:

The major-general commanding directs that you proceed immediately, and seize and hold the South Mountain passes with such force as in your judgment is proper and sufficient to prevent the enemy's seizing them, to cover his retreat. With the balance of your force, reoccupy Maryland Heights, and operate upon the contingency ex-

