
information to be. It is compiled from reports of scouts, deserters, and refugees, furnished by Colonel [Carr B.] White, commanding Second Brigade. Where the reports are given from personal observation, they corroborate each other; where they depend upon hearsay, there is some conflict.

SOUTH SIDE OF NEW RIVER. Force at Beaver Creek, 4 miles beyond Raleigh, fortifying the hill at what was known as [JOHN B.] Floyd's old camp: Clark Prince's:

Thirty-sixth Virginia Regiment . 700

Sixtieth Virginia Regiment 500

[Thomas A.] Bryan's battery (five guns) . 100 Phil. Thurman's [Philip J. Thurmond's] bushwhackers (outpost duty). 80

Three companies cavalry (outpost duty) 150

Total at Prince's . 1, 530

Force at Narrows, New River, 6 miles this side of Giles Court-House, two companies Sixtieth Virginia and one gun of Bryan's battery, about. Force at Saltville:

Fifty-first Virginia Regiment and Clark's [J. Lyle Clarke's] battalion, estimated 1, 000

Adam's[?] battery . 100

NORTH SIDE OF NEW RIVER, NEAR LEWISBURG.

Twenty-second Virginia Regiment (this estimate probably small) 400

Battalion (this estimate probably small) 350 [George M.] Edgar's battalion (this est. probably small) 300

Eagle's [B. F. Eakle's] cavalry (this estimate probably small) . 70

Near Blue Sulphur, Nelson Rangers (Company B, Eight Virginia

Cavalry) . 70

Near Alderson's Ferry, on Greenbrier (sometimes called Clay's

Ferry) fortifying, Forty-fifth Virginia Regiment (some companies

of this regiment, perhaps, on Indian Creek) 700

Bill Thurman's [William D. Thurmond's] bushwhackers 70

Total 4, 770

Total north of New River 1, 960

Total south of New River 2, 810

Total force in front 4, 770

Respectfully submitted.

E. P. SCAMMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

-------------

BALTIMORE, MD.,

June 10, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK,

Comdg, Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I deem it my duty to report to you some information obtained by one of my secret detectives, whose statements I have always found reliable. It may or may not prove of importance. The detective's name is Hugh McGarry, formerly from Montgomery, Ala., and at the present time fully in the confidence of the secessionists of Baltimore. He has been informed by those best posted here as to the plans of the rebels that an attempt is soon to be made to take the city of

