
BALTIMORE, MD., July 4, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The God of Battles having so far given us the victory, our next care is for the wounded. This company propose to get up a hospital corps of their own-they sending men, food, suitable comforts, &amp;c., to the front, with a number or spring wagons, to bring in the wounded. We desire from you such authority as will enable us to go within the lines of our army without hinderance; also transportation for our men and materials by Summit Railway as far as Westminster.

Respectfully,

S. M. SHOEMAKER,

Superintendent Adams Express Company.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, July 4, 1863-5. 25 p. m.

S. M. SHOEMAKER, Baltimore:

Your proposed hospital corps is heartily approved, and every facility will be afforded by this Department for its execution. General Haupt it instructed to furnish such transportation by rail as he can without interfering with the transportation of army supplies. General Meigs strongly recommends that you send your wagons by the common road, as it can be done as speedily as by rail. There are, he says, 1, 100 ambulances, with from two to four horses each, with the Army of the Potomac. I give on herewith a pass through the lines for your agents and employees. If anything more be required, let me know.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDER.] WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, July 4, 1863-5. 50 p. m .

Adams Express Company having, with the consent of this Department, organized a hospital corps for supplies and transportation of officers and soldier wounded in the late battle near Gettysburg, it is ordered that their agents and servants be permitted by all officers and persons in the United States service to pass within the military lines of the United States, with wagons, ambulances, and horses, to and from the battle-field and its vicinity, with supplies of food and hospital stores, and that they be offered assistance and protection in the performance of the aforesaid duty for which the corps is organized.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, July 4, 1863. (Received 4. 20 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have, after careful inspection of condition and estimate of capacity of the Western Maryland road, arranged for fifteen trains per day

