
Westminster and load wounded, and hope to get, if no accident occurs, one hundred and fifty cars each way over the road, capable of carrying off from 2, 000 to 4, 000 wounded. If Gettysburg is in our possession, and enemy east of it, I can soon reconstruct Gettysburg branch, but this was not the case at my last advices. Your telegram, dated July 3, 6 a. m., just received-twenty-two hours after it was written. I will do all in my power to comply with your wishes.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Gettysburg, Pa., July 4, 1863.

General M. C. MEIGS,Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

The loss of horses in these severe battles has been great in killed, wounded, and worn down by excessive work. General Meade and staff, for instance, lost 16 in killed yesterday. I think we shall require 2, 000 cavalry and 1, 500 artillery horses, as soon as possible, to recruit the army. Both these arms have done glorious service. I hope you have enough to make up deficiencies.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, July 4, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: To improve the victory, you will need, doubtless, many remounts. Stand on no ceremony, but, by purchase or impressment of all serviceable horses within range of your foraging parties, refit the artillery and cavalry in the best possible manner.

By order of the Secretary of War:

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

(NOTE-Orders sent to Colonel Crosman, Philadelphia; Lieutenant-Colonel Donaldson, Baltimore; Captain [William M.] McKim, Boston; Captain [George W.] Lee, Detroit; and Captain [James A.] Ekin, Indianapolis, to forward horses immediately to the Army of the Potomac.)

FREDERICK CITY, July 4, 1863-8 p. m. (Received 10. 35 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

An expedition sent out by me last night has just returned, having entirely destroyed the pontoon bridge over the Potomac at Williamsport, capturing the guard-a lieutenant and 13 men.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

