HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, July 4, 1863-12. 20 p. m.

Major-General HEINZELMAN,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Elliott's command, from Harper's Ferry, should be immediately prepared to take the field. General Barry has been directed to prepare two batteries to accompany it. A battalion of cavalry should also be in readiness to join it.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, July 4, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Harrisburg:

The delay of General Couch is not pushing Smith forward with more promptness to co-operate with Meade has occasioned some disappointment here. I hope it is susceptible of satisfactory explanation.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 4, 1863. (Received, War Department, 1 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Judge Kimmell, who remained at Chambersburg, came from there yesterday. He states that Lee has concentrated all his force, amounting to not over 75, 000, 12, 000 of which is cavalry; 200 pieces of artillery of all calibers, 40 siege, 60 Napoleons; the rest different calibers, including rifled guns; wagons, about 3, 000. Depot of supplies at the base of the mountains in the Cumberland Valley. There is a belief in the rebel army that Beauregard, with 40, 000 men, is in the vicinity of Manassas.

The available force here pushed forward to join General Smith on his march from Carlisle. Colonel Pierce, from Bedford County, is at Loudon. We are cheered to hear how splendidly General Meade is doing.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Meade.)

HARRISBURG, PA., July 4, 1863. (Received 2. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

No additional information. There are two companies of blacks here, who desire to enter the service with their own officers. I do not know whether you have authorized the muster of any back officers. I have been opposed to it, and I find General Couch also objects. Please let me know your decision, to cover this and similar cases in the free States.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

