
CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 4, 1863-4. 40 p. m.

General LORENZO THOMAS, Harrisburg:

We have sure information, by intercepted dispatches from Jeff. Davis and General Cooper, that on last Saturday Lee made an urgent appeal to Davis for re-enforcements from Beauregard, Bragg, and from Richmond, and they were refused, because Beauregard had sent all he dared part with to Joe Johnston, and so had Bragg; that he force in North Carolina and at Richmond was too small to defend Richmond and protect Lee's communications, and that they could not spare a man. The story about Beauregard coming, no doubt, has been told by Lee to keep up the spirits of his men. Davis' dispatch is the best view we have over had of the rebels' condition, and it is desperate. They feel the pressure at all points, and have nothing to spare in any quarter, so that Lee must fight his way through alone, if he can. Everything here will be employed to the best advantage, and it is of the utmost importance to push forward from Harrisburg and harass the enemy.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 4, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegram received. The rebel cause is desperate, and we will now crush out the rebellion. General Smith has gone forward with all the available force, and as troops can be organized they will be pushed on. The artillery we have is, some of it, most indifferent. I hope General Wool artillerists sent here are perfectly worthless, and will have to be sent back.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 4, 1863.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Very much embarrassment is caused to the service by the appearance of mustering officers of the militia, under the recent call, among my employees on the Defenses. Not only laborers, but my experienced engineers and foremen, have been notified to appear for military duty. Men cannot serve the country in both ways at the same time, and, at the present crisis, I cannot spare any of my inadequate force of laborers, and, still less, the experienced foremen.

I have to request some immediate remedy; an order from you exempting all employees of the chief engineer, Defenses of Washington, from military duty, would probably suffice. Proper evidence can, of course, be furnished; but the fact of being employed on the fortifications or in this office should be prima facie evidence of exemption.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.

