
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 4, 1863-11 a. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Cumberland, Md.:

Intercepted dispatches from Jeff. Davis show that the country between Lee's army and Richmond is entirely stripped of troops. You will push forward the expedition planned for General Scammon with all possible rapidity, and concentrate your available forces at Hancock, as near as possible, so as to be in a position to attack Lee's flanks, should he be compelled to recross the Potomac. Having so concentrated, hold your troops in readiness for a rapid movement. No time to be lost.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., July 4, 1863. (Received 1. 30 p. m.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The order of the General-in-Chief is received, and will be executed as rapidly as possible. As my force is scattered, it will require some days to concentrate it at or near Hancock, as directed. have ordered General Scammon to send a force at once, and cut the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad at some point where it can be done most effectually. Nothing further from Beverly this evening.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, July 4, 1863. (Received 8. 40 p. m.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

I have again and again in vain endeavored to get the attention of authorities at Washington to the fact that at least one negro regiment might be raised here. I telegraphed you some days ago on the subject, and venture once more respectfully to suggest that somebody be sent here, or authorized to accept the services of and organize these blacks, who are now willing to be enrolled. I have had some thousands of them at work on fortifications, but will discharge the most of them in a day or two. I had also upward of 200 offering to-day, from Cambridge, on the Eastern Shore. But, if not accepted and organized while this spirit prevails among them, it will be difficult to get them together hereafter.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 4, 1863-9. 20 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

Your dispatches about negro regiments are not uninteresting or unnoticed by us; but we have not been quite ready to respond. You will have an answer to-morrow.

A. LINCOLN.

