
gagement, and, therefore, he does not understand your application for your ordnance train to be sent you. Please communicate this to General Warren.

The orders for the reconnaissance were with a view to ascertaining the position and movement of the enemy, not for a battle.

The general expects, after the desired information has been obtained, you will return to your original position, ready for the general movement which he proposes to order, should the reconnaissance confirm his belief that the enemy has withdrawn across the mountains.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

I am directed by the commanding general to say that, in consequence of your report of the appearance of the enemy in force in your front, the movement of troops ordered toward Middletown has been suspended, to await further information from you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

In consequence of information received from General Sedgwick of the enemy in his presence, the movement ordered will be stopped where it is until further orders. Send a staff officer to these headquarters to-night for orders.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to commanding officer Eleventh Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863-5. 30 a. m.

General WILLIAM F. SMITH:

The general directs me to say that he is holding on here in a state of uncertainty as to the enemy's movements and intentions. His reconnaissance and scouts will to-day, he trusts, furnish it. Meanwhile he considers that your position is precarious in the direction in which you are coming, as you are out of reach of his support. Your re-enforcement to this army would be valuable one and appreciated. Should the enemy be retreating, the general will move rapidly through the Valley toward Frederick. Enemy's position last night was with his left near Hunterstown and his right across the Emmitsburg road, forming a semi-circle around Gettysburg.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

