
GETTYSBURG SIGNAL STATION, July 5, 1863-5. 40 a. m.

General MEADE:

The enemy have evacuated the position they held yesterday. No indications of the enemy anywhere, only on the Chambersburg road, and in small force. Their batteries have disappeared from the hills near the seminary. Prisoners report that the enemy have gone to Hagerstown.

JAS. S. HALL,

Captain, Signal Officer.

ROCK SIGNAL STATION, July 5, 1863.

General SYKES:

Though the atmosphere is smoke, yet many of the points which yesterday composed the enemy's front and reserve lines can be distinctly seen. At these points not a single object can be seen moving on either line, which leads to the belief that the enemy have left our front.

WILLIAM H. HILL AND I. S. LYON,

Signal Officers.

JULY 5, 1863-8. 40 a. m.

Captain NORTON:

We can see no signs of the enemy on our left front. Can see what appears to be quite a heavy body of troops halted on the road leading from Chambersburg pike toward the Fairfield road, northwest from this point.

Can see a few wagons, also at a halt. The troops of Ewell seen on the right from this point yesterday have disappeared. The troops seen appear to be in line of battle in the road leading across from Chambersburg pike toward the Fairfield road. Can see no artillery in position or moving. The mist interferes with our observations this morning. The Third Brigade, Fifth Corps, is now advancing in column toward the Emmitsburg road; they have gained the road without meeting the enemy.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. PIERCE,

Captain, and Signal Officer.

8. 50-The enemy's column, reported halted, is now moving to the left, toward the Fairfield road.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered:

The First, Sixth, and Third Corps, by Emmitsburg, direct road to Mechanicstown, Lewistown, Hamburg, to Middletown.

The Fifth and Eleventh Corps, by the left-hand Taneytown road, through Emmitsburg, Creagerstown, Utica, Highknob Pass, to Middletown.

The Twelfth and Second Corps, via Taneytown, Middleburg, and Woodsborough, through Frederick to Middletown.

