HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863-10. 20 a. m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

Lieutenant Oliver reports your corps in readiness to move with General Sedgwick' corps; that General Sedgwick so reported to him. No orders having issued for such a movement of your corps from these headquarters, the general does not understand it, and desires an explanation of the matter.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CAMP NEAR GETTYSBURG, July 5, 1863-11 a. m. (Received 12 m.)

General GEARY:

I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of your order, I have this morning, with the Seventh Ohio Volunteers, under Colonel Creighton, reconnoitered the country and roads for 2 1/2 miles from the town in the directions of Hanover, Oxford, and Hunterstown.

I proceeded as far toward Oxford as a house which the enemy's picket retired from early this morning, when I received your order to return to camp. I found citizens on the roads who had come this morning from Oxford and Hunterstown. They report no enemy in sight along either of the roads. The general impression among the inhabitant in that vicinity is that Lee's army has moved off by the Chambersburg route. His cavalry rear guard left a house on the Hanover turnpike, 1 1/2 miles from Gettysburg, at 9 a. m. yesterday, after removing all their wounded who could be moved on horses and in ambulances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. FORBES,

Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to corps headquarters.

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General FRENCH:

GENERAL: Major-General Meade desires me to say that, in consequence of a large body of the enemy being concentrated in the road toward Hagerstown, beyond Fairfield, he has suspended his operations for the present. Indications go to show that he intends evacuating the Cumberland Valley, but it is not yet positively ascertained. Until so ascertained, the general does not feel justified in leaving here and moving down toward you.

I am, general, yours, &c.,A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

