
JULY 5, 1863-12. 45 p. m. (Received 1. 30 p. m.)

General BUTTERFIELD:

No cavalry from Pleasonton's command have appeared. Colonel [Edward R.] Platt and myself have gone up the Fairfield road to the point mentioned by General Howard. The enemy have mounted scouts and detachments to the east of the Fairfield road, toward Cashtown road. On the former road, about 1, 000 yards beyond Willoughby's Run, there is about a brigade of infantry, with a line of pickets to their rear, and covering a hospital, 500 yards to the left of road and near the run. One and a half miles beyond, and to the north of the Fairfield road, there are quite a number of wagons, but not moving. The main force is now moving off, and the pickets are withdrawing. A number of wagons have passed along. One or more batteries with the command. The force is larger than what I first stated-a division, I should think. I think a strong cavalry force, with some artillery and infantry supports, should follow on the Fairfield road.

Respectfully,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General.

LEFT BANK OF WILLOUGHBY'S RUN,

In front of Pitzer's house, July 5, 1863-1 p. m. (Received 1. 30 p. m.)

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Third Corps:

The enemy is drawing in his pickets rapidly, and the force on the road is moving off. It turns out to be infantry and a battery of horse artillery, with some few cavalry.

A battery has just opened from the left of our line, but does not reach them. The battery is moving off; they are brass pieces.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BRISCOE,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

SIGNAL STATION, July 5, 1863-1 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

The enemy's infantry column has again started, and it is moving rapidly along the Fairfield road, in a southwesterly direction.

P. AND C.,

Signal Officers.

SIGNAL STATION, July 5, 1863-1 p. m. (Received 2 p. m.)

General MEADE:

A brigade, five regiments of enemy's infantry, bivouacked near the Fairfield road, just marched toward Fairfield.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Signal Officer.

