
SIGNAL STATION, July 5, 1863-2 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

All the enemy's infantry that were visible from this point have disappeared. No troops can now be seen, excepting a few cavalry.

P. AND C.,

Signal Officers.

ROCK SIGNAL STATION, July 5, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General SYKES:

Our advance has reached a point distant 3 1/2 miles from this station. They have met no enemy, nor are there any in sight.

WILLIAM H. HILL,

Captain, and Signal Officer.

TWO TAVERNS, July 5, 1863-6 p. m.

General BUTTERFIELD:

The Twelfth Corps and Reserve Artillery will encamp to-night at Littlestown. If the Second Corps has started, I shall direct it to encamp to-night at this point.

Unless otherwise ordered, the entire command will move at 5 a. m., and encamp to-morrow night near Frederick, and will reach Middletown at an early hour on Tuesday.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

Not remembering that I had directed General Sykes to support you, if necessary, I authorized his moving with the Eleventh Corps, and he may, perhaps, have left when you require him. I have, therefore, directed General Newton, First Corps, to hold himself in readiness in case you should require him, and to send you a staff officer to advise you of his position. You can also call on General Birney, Third Corps, who, in the order of march, is placed in your column. I am awaiting some definite intelligence of your position and movements. Believing the enemy were in full retreat, and for the Potomac, I authorized the issue of the order of march, and several corps have moved, but, as they cannot get very far to-day, they can be recalled if the information obtained through your operations should justify the same.

Very respectfully, &c.,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS, Frederick City, July 5, 1863-8 a. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD:

GENERAL: To reoccupy Harper's Ferry and to hold the passes will require more troops than I have. The armament has all been re-

