
if he does not require such support, shall I move on the road at first indicated direct to Emmitsburg?

Very truly, &amp;c.,

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -I have not moved camp as yet, from the fact that General Sedgwick should have notified me of the hour, but the last order shows that he is at Fairfield. I sent a staff officer to find him some hours ago, but, of course, he was unsuccessful.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

Under the order of march received to-day, it was expected that General Sedgwick would indicate the hour of your movement, but the order of march having, in consequence of information received from General Sedgwick that he found the enemy in force in his front, been suspended, and General Sykes having moved with his corps before the suspension of the order of march some distance of the route marked out for him, it became necessary for him to designate your corps as a supporting force for General Sedgwick, should he require assistance.

Very respectfully, &c.,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863.

General LORENZO THOMAS, Harrisburg:

Your dispatch of July 4 received. * The general desires to refer you to the telegraphic instructions under which the forces from Harrisburg moved across the Susquehanna, to indicate that he was aware of, and provided against, the danger to the command you speak of. I am happy to inform you that the enemy appears to be evacuating all his positions, and retiring.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS, Gettysburg, July 5, 1863.

Colonel SHARPE,Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I have busied myself to-day collecting information from prisoners and others, and have ascertained as follows from a colonel of this

-------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

*See Thomas to Butterfield and Eckert to Thomas, July 6, p. 566.

---------------

