SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 181. July 5, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Major General A. Doubleday, volunteer service, is relieved from duty with this army, and will report for orders to the Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington.

III. The batteries belonging to corps and Artillery Reserve now detached will rejoin their commands. The chief of artillery will assign batteries to corps, to make up deficiencies and losses.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant-Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 5, 1863-5. 15 p. m. (Received 11 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

My cavalry horses are fast being used up. Please send me, to Frederick City, by to-morrow night the 2, 000 cavalry which are at Washington, and most of them belonging to regiments here. I really need them. The Quartermaster's Department has nearly 1, 000 horses that can come up under their escort.

A. PLEASONTON,Major-general.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Gettysburg, Pa., July 5, 1863. (Received July 6-3. 45 a. m.)

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Orders were given by me on crossing the Potomac north to procure all artillery and cavalry horses in the country fit for service, but the number that can be thus obtained is small and immaterial in a large calculation. I had reserved some horse teams, which I shall now have to break up, and turn the animals over for artillery. We shall still require at least the number mentioned in my dispatch on that subject, and, of course, require them now, if possible. Five thousand good cavalry horses available to-day for cavalry use would give great additional results to our already important victory.

The enemy is in full retreat. We shall follow, via Frederick. I beg you will order forward to that point all the horses on hand at your general depot, so we may recruit the cavalry for vigorous pursuit.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief Quartermaster.

WASHINGTON, July 5, 1863.

General INGALLS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: We have remounted some 2, 000 cavalry here within the last few days. This has taken up our supply of horses. We

