
shall be able within twenty-four hours to start from this place, I hope, 1, 200 horses. I have ordered the officers at Harrisburg and Philadelphia to stop all that are coming this way from Indiana, Michigan, New England, and New York. I have telegraphed to you, by order of the Secretary of War, to stand no ceremony, but, by purchase, impressment, and seizure, to make every available horse within reach of your forging parties useful. I trust that these means will refit you in a very short time.

If the general were to ask that the 2, 000 remounted men here should be sent forward to him, they might serve as escorts for horses, and your dismounted men might come here for remounts.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 5, 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General FRENCH, Frederick:

I see your dispatch about destruction of pontoons. Cannot the enemy ford the river?

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 5, 1863-10. 30 a. m. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major General W. H. FRENCH, Frederick, Md.:

The forces here from Harper's Ferry, with two batteries of artillery and some troops from Baltimore, can be sent to you at Frederick, should General Meade desire that disposition of them. Should be deem it preferable, they can be sent back, by Poolesville, to Point of Rocks.

Please communicate immediately with General Meade, and get his instructions. I have had no communication from him since yesterday morning.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FREDERICK, MD., July 5, 1863-3 p. m. (Received 3. 40 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch of this date is just received. Meade's instructions to me require the force sent back from Harper's Ferry. No time is to be lost. Buford is passing through to-day. I have destroyed the bridge at Williamsport, and am fortifying the South Mountain passes. Lee, it is reported, has massed at Chambersburg, and will rest his right on the river at Williamsport. Should he find his passage there impracticable, as the river is rising, he will endeavor to seize the passes. I have on good brigade holding them. I also hold the passes. I have one good brigade holding them. I also hold the passes. I have one good brigade holding them. I also hold the Monocacy bridges, and have only a few unreliable infantry in reserve. Should you send me re-enforcements, they should come direct

