
by rail. The cavalry is broken down. I have issued a proclamation for horses, and will remount as fast as they are brought in. It was reported to me that artillery was being placed on the heights at Shepherdstown Ford, and a bridge in readiness to swing across. Buford will visit that place to-night.

To reoccupy Maryland Heights will require time, and probably the holding for awhile the opposite side of the river. The enemy can get nothing by having them, and a small force without a depot would be in a cul-de-sac.

I have just received the following dispatch from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated July 4, 10. 30 a. m.:

Major-General FRENCH:

More recent developments indicate that the enemy may have retired to take a new position, and await an attack from us. The general commanding countermands his dispatch requiring you to reoccupy Maryland Heights and seize the South Mountain passes, resuming the instructions of July 3, making your movements contingent upon those of the enemy.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff.

[Latest dispatch.]

JULY 5-7 a. m.

General FRENCH:

The enemy appear to be in full retreat, and you can act upon the contingencies provided for in previous dispatches.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

I will, therefore, require the re-enforcements.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 5, 1863.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN, Washington:

Send by railroad to Frederick, to report to General French, the detachment from Harper's Ferry and two batteries.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 5, 1863-7. 29 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

You will immediately send to Frederick, to report to Major-General French, all the troops in Baltimore no absolutely necessary to man the fortifications.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 5, 1863-7. 31 p. m. (Received 8. 20 p. m.)

Major-General FRENCH, Frederick, Md.:

Re-enforcements from Baltimore and Washington are ordered to report to you. Send to Monocacy Junction your orders whether they are to go to Frederick or toward Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

35 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

