
If all was clear, the road from Carlisle to Hagerstown could be in running order in sixty hours. Try to let me know if you want me to prepare supplies, to be forwarded that way.

My dear general, I congratulate you and your whole army.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

CARLISLE, July 5, 1863.

General COUCH:

I inclose dispatches from General Meade, and ask for orders. My information is that I can be of more service with this force, acting under your orders, in the Cumberland Valley. However, I leave you to decide, only expressing my anxiety to go where I can be of most service.

Yours, respectfully,

W. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 5, 1863-9 p. m.

Major-General MEADE, Army of the Potomac:

The prisoners turned over to General Smith number 1, 300 said to by mostly from the First Corps. Potomac rising fast at Hancock. I have a cavalry force west of Hagerstown. Some prisoners take to-day. I directed General Smith to get on Lee's flank, if possible, near Cashtown. He will do it, if possible, with New York militia.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

LOUDON, July 5, 1863.

General COUCH:

Your dispatch just received. Sent a cavalry force to Williamsport and Hagerstown this morning; balance of my cavalry sent to Chambersburg and Greencastle to-day. Will do all I can to harass them. My infantry is of no account.

It has rained all the time for the past two days. The little ammunition I had is worthless. I have some on the way here; will not get here until to-morrow. Am having an inspection of ammunition; will go forward with all the men that have 10 rounds of good. Cavalry just sent in 33 prisoners, taken near Greencastle.

I am as anxious to press forward as any one can be. Citizen just from the Potomac, 6 miles below Hancock, says river too high to ford, and rising fast. Have the rebels any pontoons?

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., July 5, 1863. (Received 10. 20 a. m.)

Colonel TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Averell reports that he has driven [W. L.] Jackson back through the Elkwater Pass, and is on his way back. I will have

