
WAR DEPARTMENT, June 10, 1863.

Governor TOD, Columbus, Ohio.

General SCHENCK, Baltimore.

General Burnside, Cincinnati.

Governor PEIRPOINT, Wheeling, W. Va.

The general orders telegraphed this morning should read thus:

I. The Department of the Monongahela will embrace that portion of the State of Pennsylvania west of Johnstown and the Laurel Hill range of mountains, and the counties of Hancock, Brooke, and Ohio, in the State of [West] Virginia, and the counties of Columbiana, Jefferson, and Belmont, in the State of Ohio. Major General William T. H. Brooks is assigned to the command of this Department, headquarters at Pittsburgh.

II. The Department of the Susquehanna will embrace that portion of the State of Pennsylvania east of Johnstown and the Laurel Hill range of mountains. Major-General Couch is assigned to the command of this department, headquarters at Chambersburg. By order of the Secretary of War: E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Send the above dispatch also to Governor Curtin, at Harrisburg, marked confidential, and add to it: General Couch will be at Harrisburg at 1 o'clock to-morrow, June 11.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 10, 1863. THOMAS A. SCOTT, Esq., Philadelphia, Pa.:

Major-General Couch has accepted command of the Department of the Susquehanna, and will start by first train for Harrisburg, where you had better meet him. Wright had better go on his staff as adjutant. An appointment will be forwarded to-morrow. No time should be lost in organizing for defense. A telegram received from Pleasonton a few minutes ago states that Stuart's raid is designed for Pennsylvania. He thinks that the engagement of yesterday may postpone it for a few days, but long is uncertain.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

--------------
HEADQUARTERS, CAVALRY CORPS,June 11, 1863-7 a. m.

Major-General Hooker,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The enemy are picketing the Rappahannock strongly with infantry at the railroad bridge and above and below it. A small force of cavalry drove back our picket at Sulphur Springs this morning, but by this time I think they have been driven back or captured.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

