
cars in readiness to move his command to Cumberland on his arrival. Troops at Cumberland and New Creek are moving. I leave this morning to join them; will do all in my power to carry out the orders of the General-in-Chief.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., July 5, 1863. (Received 9. 15 p. m.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Scammon reports that he will start the expedition without delay. I have heard nothing from Beverly to-day. Presume Averell id driving Jackson back through the mountain pass. Will have the telegraph line working to Beverly in a few hours.

It will be impossible for me to concentrate my force at Hancock as promptly as I could wish, as it will require Averell some days to get back. Shall I move what force I have at New Creek and Cumberland to Hancock (about 4, 500 effective men), or shall I wait for Averell's command?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 5, 1863. (Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Clarksburg:

I have seen your dispatch to the Adjutant-General, and regret to hear you talk about "some days" to concentrate, when minutes are precious. The instructions and information given by the General-in-Chief this evening will show what an opportunity you have, by rapid and vigorous motion, to inflict a heavy blow upon the enemy. It will abe a matter of deep regret if, by tardy movement, you let the chance escape. There should be no rest, night or day. Why are you still at Clarksburg?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 5, 1863-10 p. m.

General KELLEY:

Do everything in your power to capture or destroy Lee's trains, which will endeavor to cross at Williamsport or Falling Waters. His army is in full retreat.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 5, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

General KELLEY, Clarksburg, W. Va.:

Send forward your forces in hand, and order the others to follow as rapidly as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

