HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MONONGAHELA, July 5, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have respectfully to report that the progress made in getting up a military force for the protection of this department is not satisfactory. A part of a company only has been raised for department service. About 600 men, including a company of cavalry, have responded to the President's call for six months, and about 3, 000 men have come in under the Governor's call for three months. In answer to my call for labor on defensive works and intrenchments, the whole community has responded in the most gratifying manner. Mills, factories, works of various kinds, have been closed, and the employees sent to the intrenchments. Stores, both wholesale and retail, were closed, and represented on the works; liquor dealers of various kinds were at work, as were miners, builders, &amp;c.

The colored population was well represented and did its share. I know of no class of people or business that was unrepresented; and, I doubt not, when the hour of danger comes, the same hands that made the intrenchments will be there to defend them.

Until the engineers have time to make a survey, that will be forwarded, I can only say that rifle-pits have been made by miles, and batteries and forts constructed sufficient to mount guns by the hundred.

Very respectfully,W. T. H. BROOKS,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 5, 1863. (Received 2. 35 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nothing of interest from front. Two regiments arrived from Philadelphia to-day. General Smith has been fully instructed to operate on the enemy's flank.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 5, 1863-10 p. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

You will please devote all your energies and resources to military movements at the present time, to the exclusion of everything else. I know what you have done, and expect you to surpass yourself.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CONFIDENTIAL.] NEW YORK, July 5, 1863. (Received 12. 25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The engineers are mounting large and long-range guns in Fort Lafayette. All the troops having been by your order sent to Harris-

