
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863.

Commanders of corps and independent commanders, and chiefs of staff departments, will at once proceed to carry into effect the order of march of July 5, temporarily suspended.

Headquarters to-night will be at the same place as last night, and to-morrow at Frederick.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863.

To Commandants of Artillery of Corps and of Reserve Artillery:

Horses for the artillery will be in readiness for issue by Captain [Charles B.] Wagner, assistant quartermaster, at Frederick.

They will be issued on requisitions of battery commanders, approved by the chief of artillery of corps, or of the commanding general of the Reserve.

Batteries which do not go to Frederick can present their requisitions to General Ingalls at general headquarters. Requisitions will be made out at once, and for the smallest number of horses compatible with the interest of the service, that no delay may take place in presenting them as soon as the opportunity offers.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863-2 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: After conversation with General Warren, I think under existing circumstances you had better push your reconnaissance, so as to ascertain, if practicable, how far the enemy has retreated, and also the character of the gap and practicability of carrying the same, in case I should determine to advance on that line.

You must be careful to watch your right and rear, as roads from Cashtown are open to the enemy to advance against you.

My cavalry sent to Cashtown have not reported, but I have reason to believe that the enemy is there in force. I beg you will keep me fully advised of what occurs, and I desire you will report at least every two or three hours.

Both the First and Third Corps are under your orders, and can be called to your support, if you require them.

I shall not move the army from its present position until I am better satisfied the enemy are evacuating the Cumberland Valley. Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

