HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, Near Fairfield, July 6, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch of this morning received. I am in the same position as when General Warren left me last night. I sent Lieutenant-Colonel [J. Ford] Kent with cavalry to the front. They met the enemy's infantry pickets in Fairfield. I have sent forward General Neill's brigade, to move cautiously toward the gap. I am afraid to move my whole command, on account of the character of the country and density of the fog. I cannot learn definitely whether they have taken the Hagerstown road or the Emmitsburg road, or both. The people here say they moved on both roads, but no one seems to know. I had determined, if General Neill found them as strong as I believe they are, to cross over from near my present camp to Emmitsburg, and I would advise that move. Lieutenant [R. S.] Mackenzie has gone to the front with Colonel Kent' as soon as he returns, I will send him go headquarters to report. I believe, from the immense number of camp-fires seen last evening, that the enemy have a very strong rear guard, and will hold the gaps strongly. I will remain with my principal command in this position until further orders.

A recaptured prisoner (a civilian) reports that while at Gettysburg one division was sent out by the enemy on the Cashtown road, to meet and hold in check a force of ours, supposed to be 40, 000 strong, reported as advancing from the direction of Carlisle.

I have sent no orders to the First or Third Corps.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863-2 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The commanding general does not wish to have your command move, unless you receive orders to do so from General Sedgwick. It is not improbable that General Sedgwick may remain where he is to-day. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, July 6, 1863-3 a. m.

General WILLIAMS:

My messenger to General Sedgwick has just returned. He desires that the First and Third Corps proceed to Emmitsburg to-day. If there is no objection, I will start at 5 a. m., and, in accordance with instructions from General Sedgwick, have directed General Birney to follow immediately after.

I have nobody to command my Third Division, and therefore respectfully apply that General Torbert or General Russell, of the

