
are now on Marsh Creek, on the direct road from Gettysburg to Emmitsburg. No information to communicate.

Respectfully,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, July 6, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff:

I have ordered the Fifth Corps near Moritz farm, where the Fairfield road joins the Emmitsburg Gettysburg road (pike); the Eleventh Corps to Emmitsburg, as directed. I have subsistence until to-morrow night for the Eleventh Corps; fresh beef, five days.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863-7. 40 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

I am directed by the commanding general to say that you will immediately, on receipt of this communication, halt your command, and report by a staff officer to Major-General Sedgwick for further orders. It appears from a dispatch just received from General Sedgwick that he had given no orders for the movement of you command, and while the commanding general does not at this moment attach any blame to any one for the misapprehension of instructions which has led to your movement this morning, he considers it unfortunate that the orders of General Sedgwick were not given in writing. He designs your corps and that of General Birney's to be a support to General Sedgwick, and it is, therefore, very important that General Sedgwick should promptly be made acquainted with you position.

I am directed to ad that you will instruct General Birney to halt where your orders find him, and also await further orders from General Sedgwick.

I inclose, for your information, a copy of a note which has just been received from Major-General Sedgwick. *

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

I should like to have one of your corps at Emmitsburg, and the other in position on a road leading to Fairfield, from whence it could be thrown either to Fairfield or Emmitsburg. Not knowing

-------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

*See p. 555.

---------------

