
I engaged the enemy for two hours, until they moved out a strong infantry force against me. I was in sight of their train. It is moving off in the direction of Waynesborough. The enemy had formed two lines or infantry, and were busy forming a third whilst I engaged their rear guard.

The bulk of Lee's army passed on to the Waynesborough pike yesterday from Fairfield. They passed through Fountain Dale and Monterey, and, I think, were moving to Hagerstown.

I will at once attempt to carry out your order, just received, to communicate with General Sedgwick, in front of Fairfield. The Eleventh Corps has arrived at Emmitsburg.

Very respectfully,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S. -Lee's force is reported to be 80, 000; but that must be taken for what it is worth, as my information comes from a citizen.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, July 6, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

[Brigadier General G. K. WARREN, Acting Chief of Staff:]

GENERAL: The order directing the First and Third Corps to halt reached me just as the First Corps had arrived in the vicinity of Emmitsburg.

The staff officer whom I sent to General Sedgwick last night is very positive regarding the orders General Sedgwick gave to him.

When he asked General Sedgwick if he should require any support, he told him he did not think he would, and that the First and Third Corps could move in the morning to Emmitsburg; that he thought he (General Sedgwick) would be beyond there by the time we reached that place. I will communicate with General Sedgwick as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863.

Major General JOHN SEDGWICK,

Commanding First, Third, and Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: You will take every precaution to maintain the position you now hold till dark.

You will then withdraw all the Sixth Corps, excepting General Neill's brigade and a rifled battery, and proceed with your command (the First and Third Corps included) to execute the order of march of July 5.

General Neill will follow the enemy cautiously as he (the enemy) retires, keeping the commanding general constantly informed. The commander of the rifled battery will report to him. Colonel McIntosh, with his brigade of cavalry, will be directed to report also to General Neill.

36 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

