
General Newton has been halted near Emmitsburg. General Birney has not moved from this place.

You will issue orders to them to execute the order of march when you think proper. General Meade does not think proper to do so himself, as circumstances may compel you to call them to your aid, or to retire in some order that you alone can determine. Headquarters to-night will be at the same place as last night. By order of the commanding general:

G. K. WARREN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Acting Chief of Staff.

(Forwarded by Lieutenant Mackenzie to Major General John Sedgwick, commanding First, Third, and Sixth Corps, 2. 30 p. m., July 6, 1863.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863.

General Neill:

The object of detaching you from General Sedgwick's corps is to have you watch closely the movements of the enemy's rear guard, and inform the commanding general frequently.

Colonel McIntosh with his brigade of cavalry will be directed to report to you, as also the commander of the rifled battery which General Sedgwick is to detach.

By command of Major-General Meade:

G. K. WARREN,Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, Emmitsburg, Md., July 6, 1863-7 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The order to resume the march to Middletown has just been received and forwarded to Major-General Sykes, commanding Fifth Corps. Both corps leave at daylight. The Fifth will be so conducted as not to interfere with those on the pike.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Moritz Cross-Roads, July 6, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

General [HOWARD:]

I will move at 4 a. m. to-morrow. The road direct to Emmitsburg is very bad; I intend to turn down the Fairfield and Littlestown road, and then turn to the right. My aide followed that route to see you this morning, and describes the road as being much better than the direct road. If you desire me to pursue any other route, please let your staff officer be at General Crawford's headquarters or mine before the hour I have prescribed for marching.

I am, sir, respectfully, &amp;c.,GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

