HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,Navy-Yard, Washington:

Your three dispatches just received. You must have material for two bridges at Berlin by the 10th instant. If you cannot get up through the canal, they can be brought by railroad, via Baltimore, to Berlin, on your application to the Quartermaster-General. All details are left to you. Please acknowledge.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS.

HARRISBURG, July 6, 1863-2. 50 p. m. (Received 3 p. m.)

General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Telegram received, but not understood. I have neither telegraphed General Meade, yourself, or any other person in the Army of the Potomac. Some one has used my name. Please send me a copy.

L. THOMAS.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1863.

General LORENZO THOMAS:

I saw your telegram, just forwarded to General Butterfield, saying you had not telegraphed General Meade or any one in the Army of the Potomac, &amp;c. Think I can explain the matter to you. All telegrams received at the War Department telegraph office containing valuable information of movements concerning the Army of the Potomac from any quarter are forwarded to General Meade for his information. General Butterfield evidently refers to one of yours received at General Meade's headquarters.

THOS. T. ECKERT.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 6, 1863.

Major-General COUCH, Harrisburg:

Major-General Meade has authority to command and direct the movements of all troops of your department. His orders will be obeyed.

H. W. HALLECK.

(Copy to General Meade.)

HARRISBURG, July 6, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch received. General Meade's wishes, recommendations, and instructions have been carried out so far as practicable. I have directed that a copy of cipher dispatches to him be sent to you for your information. As I prominently mentioned that officer for his present position, it may be inferred that I would show no lukewarmness in carrying out his orders.

D. N. COUCH.

