
SOLDIERS' HOME, [Washington,] July 6, 1863-7 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I left the telegraph office a good deal dissatisfied. You know I did not like the phrase, in Orders, Numbers 68, I believe, "Drive the invaders from our soil. " Since that, I see a dispatch from General French, saying the enemy is crossing his wounded over the river in flats, without saying why he does not stop it, or even intimating a thought that it ought to be stopped. Still later, another dispatch from General Pleasonton, by direction of General Meade, to General French, stating that the main army is halted because it is believed the rebels are concentrating "on the road toward Hagerstown, beyond Fairfield, " and is not move until it is ascertained that the rebels intend to evacuate Cumberland Valley.

These things all appear to me to be connected with a purpose to cover Baltimore and Washington, and to get the enemy across the river again without a further collision, and they do not appear connected with a purpose to prevent his crossing and to destroy him. I do fear the former purpose is acted upon and the latter is rejected.

If you are satisfied the latter purpose is entertained and is judiciously pursued, I am content. If you are not so satisfied, please look to it.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

Baltimore, July 6, 1863.

Major-General Halleck,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

May I suggest, if it has not already been ordered, that General Kelley might advance with good effect from New Creek and the railroad?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

BALTIMORE, July 6, 1863. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General FRENCH:

I sent forwarded to-day to Frederick, by railroad, further re-enforcements-3, 900 men of all arms.

I have understood that the enemy's principal pontoon was at Falling Waters, 3 miles below Williamsport, and not at Williamsport. This I reported to Washington four days ago.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK.

FREDERICK, July 6, 1863-11. 20 a. m .

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

Telegram of this date received. Pontoon at Falling Waters I destroyed on the 4th instant.

WM. H. FRENCH.

