HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863. (Received 4. 15 p. m.)

Lieutenant JOHN R. EDIE, Frederick:

The orders are changed again, and the general commanding wants supplies at both Gettysburg and Westminster, as well as Frederick. You had better make no permanent arrangements at Frederick, for you may be ordered away at any time. We expected to leave here yesterday, and [Morris] Schaff comes here to-day to receive and ship the captured arms and surplus ordnance property, and will have a train of ammunition sent to him here. You must send about one-third of your train to Westminster, in charge of your best clerk, and some men to Westminster, as soon as you can. If Jamison is not with you, I wish you would send for him, but I would like to get the train around to Westminster without troubling them in Washington. We shall probably not established a permanent depot away from Washington for some time, and I sent to General Ripley this [morning] to have all the stores stored at the arsenal and the barges discharged. I suppose it will not be done until you return to Washington.

Very respectfully,D. W. FLAGLER,

Chief Ordnance Officer.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 6, 1863-7. 45 a. m. (Received 9. 30 a. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Nearly everything I have available here is now started, leaving nothing but limited garrisons and guards in the three old forts. I shall have ordered to General French's command, in a few hours, an aggregate of 3, 900 men. I send the Eighth, Forty-sixth, and Fifty-first Massachusetts Infantry; the Ninth and Tenth Maryland Infantry; Second Eastern Shore Infantry; Seventh New York Militia; First Connecticut Cavalry, and Battery C, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and twelve rifled guns. I have substituted some New York militia for the Seventh New York, in Fort Federal Hill. The Ninth and Tenth Maryland are new and incomplete six-months' regiments.

May I suggest, if it has not already been ordered, that Brigadier-General Kelley might advance with good effect from New Creek and on the railroad?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 6, 1863-8. 30 a. m. (Received 10. 20 a. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

There are now in the field, with General Meade, all the available troops remaining of my corps. Under General French, 10, 000, besides 3, 900 sent to him to-day, under General Briggs; 1, 500 or more with General Lockwood, and nearly 3, 000 of Milroy's men, now up at Bloody Run, making an aggregate of over 18, 000, and in my own department.

