
Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry (350 strong), on their way home from Fort Monroe, tired out, demoralized, and unwilling to stay; Eighty-fourth New York Militia (217 strong), from which I detail all guards for escort of prisoners, &amp;c., heavy and constant duty for them: Delaware cavalry (139 strong), on provost-guard duty in city and country, patrols, orderlies, looking after stragglers, &c. (provostguard duty peculiarly heavy now); section of Pennsylvania artillery, two guns and 36 men.

Outside of the city I have a company of Maryland cavalry on duty up about Westminster. On the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad, and guarding the crossing-boat, long bridges, &c., of the Susquehanna, Gunpowder, Back, and Bush Rivers, &c., a regiment of Delaware home-guards, who will not come farther from their State; on the Northern Central Railroad, two companies of Pennsylvania nine-months' men, whose time is about to expire; on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (now the most important to be guarded, and on the Washington branch of it, the Purnell Legion, Third Delaware, Third Potomac Home Brigade, and Sixth New York Militia, making, in the aggregate, 1, 100 infantry holding the road from here to Annapolis Junction, and up to Frederick. Besides, there are detachments, not heretofore mentioned, numbering 150 men, manning, iron-clad cars of Lieutenant Meigs, to run up to Harper's Ferry. I

cannot possibly scrape closer, unless I withdraw the guards from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Shall I do that?

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 181. Baltimore, Md., July 6, 1863.

* * * * * * IV. Brigadier General Henry M. Naglee, U. S. Volunteers (commanding troops sent from North Carolina to report to Major-General Schenck, and forwarded to Frederick with Brigadier-General Brigg's command), having reported at these headquarters, is directed to proceed without delay to Frederick, Md., or Harper's Ferry, Va., or wherever Major-General French's division may then be, and report with his command to Major-General French.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Schenck:

N. L. JEFFRIES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICK CITY, July 6, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

I had the bridge named in your dispatch of this dater thoroughly destroyed yesterday.

As soon as I can re-enforce the important passes, I will occupy the Heights; probably to-night.

There is no force there.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General of Volunteers.

