HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Washington, D. C., July 6, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,A. A. G., U. S. Army, Headquarters of the Army:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the order for General Elliot's command to move without delay was issued immediately upon the receipt of your order. The quartermaster of this department was directed to procure the transportation at the earliest possible moment. He reported that the transportation for two batteries and about 1, 500 men could not be furnished till this morning at about 6 o'clock, and the other transportation could be furnished for the rest of the command some time during the day.

On the receipt of your order directing the cavalry to move to Frederick by the way of Rockville, and that General Elliot's command should by pushed forward, an order was issued to Lieutenant-Colonel Greene that the transportation must be hurried as much as possible. He reported that he could get transportation for General Elliott's whole command at 6 o'clock this morning.

An order was then sent to General Elliott, at 12. 30 a. m., that he must have his command at the depot at 6 o'clock this morning, and informing him that the necessary transportation would be in readiness. This order was received by General Elliott at about 3 a. m.

He was also ordered to turn in all of his wagons to the Quartermaster's Department, and informed that he was not to take any wagons with him. The large number of wagons would not have been issued to the command had the quartermaster of General Elliott's command not represented to Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Greene that the command was much larger than it really was, with one battery of artillery and one squadron of cavalry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863-8 p. m.

General M. C. MEIGS,Quartermaster-General:

General Meade has ordered General Benham to take pontoons to Harper's Ferry. Should he require additional transportation, I would recommend that they be sent by canal, if possible; if not, then by railroad, on platform cars. But if these methods will not suit, or will be found impracticable, then he will require teams. Captain Peirce has some to spare, if necessary.

I shall cut down the transportation with this army still more on our arrival at Frederick to-morrow.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Brigadier-General.

CAMDEN STATION, [Baltimore], July 6, 1863-2. 55 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I received your telegram of 11 last p. m. All orders for transportation have thus far been promptly met. We are gathering our

