
men, and arranging vigorously for transportation for all troops, horses, batteries, &amp;c., from Washington and Baltimore ordered during the night, and expect, even with the very brief notice, to accomplish promptly all desired. The best energies and resources of the company shall be given to meet all the present and any further requisitions.

In order to insure the best results, allow me to urge that as much notice of requirements as practicable be furnished to us.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, July 6, 1863.

General HAUPT:

Your dispatch received. Greatly obliged for your suggestion of help, which if matters grow much upon us, I will certainly avail of.

As at present advised, however, we are not pushed to our own capacity. Are moving some 7, 000 troops from this end to Frederick, and about five batteries, with very large number of horses, say 3, 000, besides very heavy pontoon trains, ammunition, and stores.

W. P. SMITH.

CAMDEN STATION, July 6, 1863-2. 30 a. m.

General HAUPT,

(Via War Department Office:)

It is of the utmost importance for the interests of the Government that you hurry back to us every car of United States or Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, as we are having a heavy and hurried pressure of work for Frederick, of vital moment.

W. P. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863.

Captain G. H. MENDELL,Commanding Engineer Battalion, near Union Bridge:

The movements ordered in the circular of the 5th instant, temporarily suspended, will now be carried into immediate effect. You will, therefore, proceed with your command to Middlestown with as little delay as practicable, and will communicate a similar order to commanders of any troops that may be in your vicinity. Headquarters to-morrow night will be at Frederick.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARKSBURG, July 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General AVERELL, Beverly:

Lee is in full retreat. Move as rapidly as you can. I will have transportation ready for you at Webster on your arrival. I go to Cumberland to-day.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

