
the gaps and keeping well in the mountains, where I can make a good fight. Will you send me some provisions to Fayetteville, and all the haversacks you can raise? The rebels, some of them, passed through here, but left Chambersburg to the right. I imagine it was principally a cavalry force, with infantry enough to escort the trains. The main body is still on the eastern slope, working through the other passes.

If you send an order for this command to report to Meade, will you at the same time order me to return to you, leaving Knipe in command? You can appreciate how unpleasant it would be for me to serve under existing circumstances with the Army of the Potomac.

I learn the river is impassable.

Yours,

WM. F. SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863-7. 40 p. m.

Major General D. N. COUCH, Harrisburg, Pa.:

The commanding general directs that on receipt of this dispatch you send a regiment of infantry to Gettysburg, to remain there so long as the hospitals and public property at that place may require protection. This order is given in the belief that General Smith's command, although ordered here, has not received the order. Should you, however, ascertain that it has arrived at Gettysburg, the regiment will be at your disposition.

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUDON, July 6, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General COUCH:

Just arrived with my command and train. Train in no condition to go to Carlisle, if there be any danger. Animals have been four days without forage. Error in last dispatch as to number and condition of prisoners. Prisoners taken near Greencastle, 653; 4 field and staff; 28 officers; enlisted men, 308, badly wounded; left at Mercersburg.

Officers took oath to remain till moved. Men paroled. Three hundred and forty-five taken in arms. Wagons, 100. Horses and mules, 300. Two pieces of artillery swamped and spiked; one here, in good trim.

My command much fatigued and on half rations. Forage scarce.

Any new from the front?

L. B. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 6, 1863-10 p. m.

General SMITH:

Your messenger, with dispatch reporting your position at Newman's pass, has just been received. Orders for you to come here and occupy this place were sent you to-day by Lieutenant [Rufus] King.

