
been obstructed by the artillery in a narrow pass. Have gone into camp 5 miles back. They will be ordered up at daylight.

Robertson's artillery has gone into position here near me.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1863-10. 30 p. m. (Received 11. 15 p. m.)

General HOWARD, Middletown:

The commanding general directs that, as soon as you get your provisions in the morning, you must move on to Boonsborough. Leave under a proper commander, your men whose shoes are worn out, and send in for shoes. General Ingalls will have plenty of them here in the morning.

By order of the commanding general:

G. K. WARREN,Brigadier-General, Acting Chief of Staff.

MIDDLETOWN, July 7, 1863-11 p. m. (Received 11. 15 p. m.)

General WARREN,

Chief of Staff:

General Schurz's division, of Eleventh Corps, is the only division which has arrived here, and is encamped on left side the pike and west of stream, 1 mile beyond the town. The other divisions of this corps are encamped the other side the mountains. General Howard is in town with his headquarters. The Fifth Corps is in rear of Eleventh Corps and encamped.

The advance of the First Corps is some 2 or 3 miles back. The Sixth and Third Corps farther back. I know nothing of the Second and Twelfth Corps.

Major Robertson with three batteries and some 400 cavalry are encamped on east side of the stream, 1 mile beyond the town, and on left side of the pike. I propose to put all of the Eleventh Corps where Schurz's division is; the First Corps on east side of the stream, and one-quarter mile north of the bridge, near Mr. Miller's; the Sixth and Third Corps west of the Beallsville road, and 1 mile north of the town, on a small stream; the Fifth Corps on the Burkittsville road, three-quarters of mile south of town; Second and Twelfth Corps and Reserve Artillery east of town, about 1 1/2 miles along the pike; the artillery the most easterly. The ground is limited for trains, if all come up. Is this disposition approved? Shall I remain or return?

N. H. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1863-11. 15 p. m.

Colonel DAVIS:

Your dispatch is received. Your dispositions are satisfactory, and your information valuable. Remain at Middletown. All the corps

