
are to move forward to Boonsborough as fast as they can, after getting their provisions. We have sent forward the supply trains of the Sixth and Fifth Corps to-day. Tell everybody wanting shoes that there are plenty of them here.

By command of Major-General Meade.

G. K. WARREN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1863.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

It will not be necessary for you send a staff officer over to-night. The commanding general directs that you at once replenish your supplies from the depots at Frederick. The quartermaster will have shoes to-morrow. Headquarters will have shoes to-morrow by 11 a. m. We have telegraphic communication with Boonsborough. Should the advance of the enemy be reported, the general wishes that the troops at Middletown be ready to move up to South Mountain at a moment's notice.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, July 7, 1863-11. 15 p. m. (Received 12. 30 a. m.)

Brigadier-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry, near Boonsborough:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires to be informed why you have made application to General French for re-enforcement, instead of to these headquarters. He also directs that you will make frequent telegraphic reports of what is going on, and at once notify General Buford of the present location of these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. COHEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, July 7, 1863.

General WARREN,

Acting Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac, Frederick:

As regards the ground around Williamsport, it has many strong points for defense; very strong on the road from Jones' Cross-Roads. The road from Downsville is, in some respects, more favorable for attack. There is high ground on the right bank of the Conococheague Creek, that overlooks Williamsport ford. The country around Falling Waters is very strong for defense. General Howe is well acquainted all about there, as well as General Russell, and officers of my old division.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

