
All surplus baggage and everything likely to impede the march or movements of the troops must be sent to the rear. You will require the officers of the inspector-general's department to thoroughly and carefully inspect the baggage, ambulances, baggage wagons, &amp;c., in your command, to make sure that the order is complied with, and, if necessary to accomplish that end, your command will be drawn up in marching order. You will cause all persons not having a recognized position in this army to be sent to the rear. Such persons will under no circumstances be permitted to remain with or follow the corps. Ambulances will follow brigades; wagons, the division. Orders as to stragglers will be strictly enforced. A staff officer from these headquarters will report to you at 1 p. m., to lead you column. Existing orders as to rations, &c., will be carried out. The pickets will be relieved by Major-General Howard, and will follow promptly.

By command of Major-General Birney:

J. HAYDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

-------------

JUNE 11, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON:

Third Corps ordered to Bealeton, to hold river from Kelly's to Beverly, object being to relieve cavalry on that line, in order that you may have your whole force well in hand to guard the river above Beverly Ford, and, if a raid is a attempted northward, to check and thwart it by the energetic use of your whole force. Ames's and Russell's commands to be returned as soon as the Third Corps arrives to relieve them.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

-------------
HEADQUARTERS, ENGINEER BRIGADE, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 11, 1863-12 m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have just returned from an interview with General Hooker, when I understood it to be his wish that I should send my extra pontoons (excepting about thirty-five of the best, not now in use on the brigades) down to Belle Plain, to be put in the water, and, as I suggested, and, as I understood, with his approval also, with detachments of my brigade to guard them, and to drill with them there. On my return to camp, however, I found your order to turn in extra baggage, wagons, &c., and to be in readiness to move at very short notice. I would now respectfully ask, if this written order is to be understood as a countermand of the verbal directions just received from General Hooker, in whole or in part, if at all. Is it desired that I should send those extra pontoons down to Belle Plain, and, if so, shall the detachments be sent down to drill with them, as I proposed, or, if not (as I would judge be the tenor of this order), as I am not aware

