
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 7, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

It is officially reported that troops were sent from Baltimore to Frederick, for immediate service, with haversacks and cartridge-boxes empty. Such neglect and carelessness of the officers sending them forward must be investigated and punished.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, July 7, 1863-5. 30 p. m. (Received 5. 35 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

If any troops went from Baltimore to Frederick with empty haversacks or cartridge-boxes, it was in direct violation of orders. I hope the charge will specify the particular troops, that I may investigate and hold the proper officers responsible.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

JULY 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Commanding Maryland Heights:

General French directs me to say that every endeavor will be made to get the troops into proper position immediately, and to get up at least three days' supplies of subsistence, and more, if you can, with as much ammunition as you can, but in no case to be short of 120 rounds per man. Report any movement, or sight of the enemy in force, at once to these headquarters. General Meade is here to-day. Everything is working well. Vicksburg has fallen. Has General Briggs arrived?

W. F. A. TORBERT,

Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 7, 1863-2. 40 p. m. (Received 3. 20 p. m.)

General INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac:

Besides fresh cavalry on its way to the Army of the Potomac, I estimate that 4, 800 fresh horses are to-day, or by to-morrow will be, on the way to headquarters. These will arrive as fast as railroad transportation can supply them. Over 2, 000 cavalry have marched, I understand, from the place. Notify me as soon as you are fully supplied, that the remainder may be brought to this depot for future use.

One bridge train started up the canal yesterday; one by wagon road this morning; and one at 10. 30 a. m. to-day by railroad, on forty-six cars.

