
The detention of cars at Frederick seriously cripples the transportation of supplies. No such detention should occur, unless under a necessity greater than that for forage, food, and ammunition and horses.

One hundred guns are being fired here for the surrender of Vicksburg, which took place on 4th July.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1863. (Received 11. 50 p. m.)

General M. C. MEIGS:

The railroad will be working well after to-morrow. A dispatcher with full power was wanted here; one comes to-morrow. We shall move on at once. I will call for what necessary clothing, &amp;c., we may want.

I had already left Captain [William G.] Rankin at Gettysburg, to collect and forward all arms and other property from the battlefield, to attend to duties in our department with the new troops, to provide and issue forage, and to organize transportation. He has detailed instructions. With your consent, I will assign Captains [Hiram] Smith and [Henry B.] Blood to other duties with troops. One officer in charge of the depot at Gettysburg is sufficient, while many are required in the field.

RUFUS INGALLS,Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.

FREDERICK, July 7, 1863-12. 20 p. m.

General D. H. RUCKER:

I have but just arrived. It was only recently determined to make this our depot. The movements of the enemy at one time seemed to point to other means of supply. During the suspense, it was natural confusion should ensue with the railroads. All will be right after to-morrow morning, you may rest assured. Local transient commanders often like to meddle with railroads. You are doing well as to horses. I will try to give you accurate data about supplies to-morrow. We have been greatly hurried, and must still bear much rapid marching and hard fighting, but we can do it.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.

FREDERICK, MD., July 7, 1863-12. 20 p. m.

General D. H. BUCKER,

Quartermaster, Washington, D. C.:

Inasmuch as the railroad is so much occupied, I deem it best that all horses hereafter to be sent to this depot be driven here. If any are desired by railroad, I will notify you.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier Gene., and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

