HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1863-12. 30 p. m. (Received 1 p. m.)

General HAUPT,Superintendent of Military Railroads:

I arrived to-night. There has been some detention and confusion with trains, from various sources. French says he was compelled to do as he did, but that there will be no repetition. The chief cause was the want of a railroad agent at this point, with full power over trains. Am told one comes to-morrow. My orders shall be, as usual, respecting trains, and I will see that they are obeyed. Instruct your agents to send cars only on the orders of the quartermaster in charge at the different depots.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

HANOVER JUNCTION, July 7, 1863.

General HAUPT:

Please note the following dispatch from J. D. Cameron, our president:

HARRISBURG, PA. [JULY] 7, 1863.

J. N. DU BARRY:

Smeed has telegraphed General Haupt that we refused to furnish any materials, or render him any assistance in the repairs of our road. I wish you would see General Haupt, and contradict this.

I told Mr. [E. C.] Smeed when he came here that General Couch had advised against our commencing the work, as he feared it might again be destroyed, and therefore I did not think it proper for us to run the risk; but, as he had been sent here by the Government, that we would render him every assistance in our power.

Mr. Goodwin and all our repair hands have been with Mr. Smeed, doing all they can to hasten the completion of the work.

J. N. DU BARRY,

General Superintendent Northern Central Railway.

BALTIMORE, July 7, 1863. (Received 1 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

By herculean exertions, we have been able promptly to meet all the requirements for transportation from Washington and Baltimore up to this period. I regret to advise you that our ability for continued heavy operations is being terribly damaged by the action of General French at Monocacy. He ordered ten entire trains, with troops, &amp;c., which arrived last evening, to be held at that point, and at 9, 55 this a. m. this large equipment is still detained. This blockade also seriously interferes with work for Frederick. Cannot these trains be relieved, so that we shall be enabled to continue to fill the orders and meet the requirements of the Government?

If the movement is uncertain as to time, could not these cars be discharged and returned, and trains arriving thereafter continuously

