
CHAMBERSBURG, July 7, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

GENERAL COUCH:

Just arrived here from Waynesborough. Have 44 prisoners. Enemy falling back to Hagerstown and Williamsport. Have captured, since I left Harrisburg, 7 wagons, 29 mules, 52 horses, and 165 prisoners.

Captain Firey, of the Maryland Brigade, wishes to join his battalion. Shall he go? Has my consent, if you say so. My regiment will be home to-day. Shall I report to it? Where is General Smith, that I may communicate with him?

Wagon train is pushing for Williamsport. I was in their midst this morning, near Waynesborough.

Answer by telegraph.

WM. H. BOYD,

Captain First New York Cavalry.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 7, 1863.

Captain BOYD,

First New York Cavalry:

It is said that there are a great many stragglers in the mountains northeast of Chambersburg. See that they don't get to the front.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 7, 1863-9 p. m. (Received 10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The Cumberland Valley road will be in order to-morrow as far as Scotland, 28 miles from Hagerstown. It is so badly destroyed between these two points that it will take a week to transport iron and ties to rebuild it. The company may not have it for the present, and I have not deemed it advisable to order it to be rebuilt. Likely the company will put it in order to Chambersburg, where supplies can be thrown in case the Army of the Potomac requires them. Do you think more should be done by Government? Please reply in cipher.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

JULY 7, 1863.

General INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac:

The Cumberland Valley Railroad is so badly destroyed from 6 miles this side of Chambersburg that I shall not be able to throw supplies below that point.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

HARRISBURG, July 7, 1863-10 p. m.

General SMITH, Shippensburg:

I have ordered shoes to go. Can't tell when they will reach you. Try to have directions left with operator at Chambersburg of your position.

