
While I was conscious that the appropriation would not by any means suffice to do, thus unaided, all I had expected and was expected to do, I could not blink the necessity of applying it unsparingly to those matters most urgent. I employed 1, 000 hired men.

When everything depended upon the results of the campaign in Maryland, and an unfavorable result would have brought the rebels upon us in a week, I took off all the force from Rosier's and put it upon rifle-pits and batteries between Rock Creek and Fort Lincoln.

About $50, 000 of the appropriation now remains. I cannot with this finish what I have in hand.

Under the circumstances I have been obliged to expend this money, I think it proper to ask that $100, 000 from the appropriation for "field works" may be made available for the Defenses of Washington. This appropriation is under control of the Engineer Department, but as the chief engineer has no control of field operations, and is not the judge of the necessity of field works of the campaign, I presume the General-in-Chief or the Secretary of War is the proper person to direct its disposition.

Details will be given, if required, as to the importance of continuation. Among other things is the important and expensive work of Rosier's-so important in case of a European difficulty.

I am, respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, Office of Chief Quartermaster, July 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff, and Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In answer to your inquiries, I have the honor to state that on the 5th instant, at 8 p. m., I received the order for the movement of General Elliott's brigade (copy inclosed). * I immediately called upon Brigadier General D. H. Rucker, chief depot quartermaster, who directed Captain Walter Curtis, assistant quartermaster, to furnish the necessary transportation. I was promptly furnished with the proper order (copy accompanying), and was assured that I would be notified in an hour or two of the time when the cars would be ready.

About 11 p. m. I received a communication, written by order of General Rucker (copy accompanying), stating that transportation would be ready early the following morning for 1, 500 men, 150 horses, and the batteries. Accompanying the last-mentioned paper, was a copy of a letter from Mr. [George S.] Koontz, railroad agent, to Captain Curtis, assistant quartermaster, to the same effect, with the additional statement that he (Mr. Koontz) could load the force "as early in the morning as they come. "

I immediately sent these documents by a commissioned officer to General Elliott, at Tennallytown, Md., for his information, with verbal instructions to the brigade quartermaster that the command should be at the Washington railroad depot not later than 6 o'clock the next day (the 6th instant). The same instructions were forwarded to General Elliott by Major-General Heintzelman. I also instructed Captain McKnight, commanding the batteries, to report at the same hour.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

*See Taylor to Potter, p. 546.

---------------

