
At 6 a. m., exactly, I arrived at the depot, and vainly sought Mr. Koontz, or any one representing him. In the meantime, the two batteries had arrived and were waiting in the rain. About 8 a. m. an assistant of Mr. Koontz, whom I discovered by accident, informed me that a train of cars would be in readiness to take the batteries in a short time.

I made the necessary arrangements, and as soon as the cars were ready the batteries embarked.

About 9. 30 a. m. I was informed by Mr. [John] Collins, railroad employe, that the cars were ready for the 1, 500 men, whereupon I proceeded at once to examine the train, and found box-cars enough for only about 1, 000 men, without a passenger car for officers, or any provision made for transportation of baggage, staff horses, commissary stores, &amp;c. After considerable difficulty during the next two hours, I finally succeeded in getting cars to load the baggage, horses, &c. A little before 1 p. m. I saw Mr. Koontz, who immediately set to work to provide the necessary engines, cars, &c., and at 2 p. m. the following troops were embarked and on their way, viz: One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, 38 officers and 578 men; One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers, 29 officers and 582 men; Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Twelfth Virginia Volunteers, and Eighteenth Connecticut Volunteers, 21 officers and 255 men, Colonel Staunton commanding. Total, 88 officers and 1, 415 men. Also two batteries complete, with men, horses, and three ammunition wagons.

In the meantime, I had the remainder of the troops on the ground fed at the Soldier's Rest, while the trains were being prepared, and at 6. 45 p. m. the balance of General Elliott's brigade, consisting of the One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Volunteers, and One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, 20 officers and 362 men, Colonel Keifer commanding; One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers, 15 officers and 370 men; One hundred and thirty-eight Pennsylvania Volunteers, 36 officers and 668 men; Sixth Maryland Volunteers, 32 officers and 333 men; orderlies, 7 (103 officer and 1, 740 men), were started, following the Philadelphia trains. At 8. 30 p. m. the One hundred and seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers were embarked and started for Frederick.

After 1 o'clock, when Mr. Koontz, railroad agent, personally took charge of the management of the railroad, affairs assumed a more satisfactory shape than they had in the morning, and the business was transacted promptly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS M. GREENE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of Washington.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF DELAWARE, Wilmington, Del., July 7, 1863.

Colonel DONN PIATT,Chief of Staff, Baltimore, Md.:

COLONEL: I arrived here Saturday p. m., and put myself in communication with the military and civil authorities, as you will see by the inclosed order.

