
General Meade's great victory has changed the face of affairs here very much, and for the moment all opposition to the Government seems squelched out; not a word disloyal to the Government has been heard from any one in the department, and I cannot but think that the completeness of General Meade's victory may enable us to disband a large part of the Delaware volunteer force at an early day. These men are called into service at harvest time, and are suffering great loss, which I shall obviate as far as the good of the service will permit by giving authority to furlough a portion of the men.

Governor Cannon left last evening for Washington. On his return, I shall visit Kent and Sussex Counties, and examine personally into the state of things there. To-day or to-morrow I propose to inspect Fort Delaware, where I hear the water is bad, and if I find

it so, shall attend to the matter at once.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

DAN. TYLER,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 7, 1863-3. 40 p. m.

Major-General BROOKS, Pittsburgh, Pa.:

All available troops in your department should be sent by Grafton, to co-operate with General Kelley on the enemy's flank. Report how many you can send, and when they leave.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

PITTSBURGH, July 7, 1863. (Received 2. 20 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

There are 650 six-months' volunteers in camp here, all armed and equipped. Also 2, 600 three-months' militia that can be ready to move to-morrow night.

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Major-General.

GETTY'S STATION, VA., July 7, 1863.

Captain BARSTOW,

Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please say to Major-General Dix that I can spare 700 of the best mounted men of the First New York Riffles, and that I respectfully beg leave to suggest that they may be ordered to proceed via South Mills, Chowan River, crossing Cawamas Ferry, thence to Murfreesborough, there cutting off telegraphic communication with Petersburg, and then to Weldon, destroying all railroad and other bridges, &amp;c. I think this perfectly practicable, and can be done without extra risk.

MICHAEL CORCORAN,

Brigadier-General.

