
CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 8, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-morrow, July 9, 1863:

The Sixth Corps to move by the main pike from Middletown to Boonsborough; the Fifth Corps to move on the old Sharpsburg road to the crossing of the road through Fox's Gap with the road between Rohresville and Boonsborough; the Twelfth Corps to Rohresville;

the Third Corps to follow the Fifth Corps; the Second Corps to follow the Twelfth Corps; the Eleventh Corps to take position in rear of the Sixth; the First Corps to occupy the Boonsborough [Turner's] Pass; the Artillery Reserve to take the main pike, and encamp with the First Corps; the Engineer Battalion to encamp with headquarters; headquarters to be near the Mountain House.

The commander of the Cavalry Corps will make such dispositions of the cavalry as the location of the several corps may demand.

Each corps will move at 5 a. m. Such necessary supplies as have not been received must be sent forward to the troops. No trains but ammunition wagons, medicine wagons, and ambulances will be permitted to accompany the troops. Supply and baggage wagons will be parked in the Middletown Valley, on the roads taken by their respective corps. No special guards will be left with the trains.

Every man able to do duty must be in the ranks.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MIDDLETOWN, July 8, 1863-6 a. m.

Brigadier-General WARREN,

Acting Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac, Frederick, Md.:

GENERAL: I have not yet gotten shoes and stockings. About one-half of my command are now destitute, or have shoes too poor to march. I have taken measures to get them up.

I expect my supply train by Frederick this morning. The moment I get supplied with provisions, as the rations in the haversacks are out, I will push forward as ordered.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

MIDDLETOWN, July 8, 1863-6 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel LE DUC,

Chief Quartermaster, Eleventh Corps:

(Care of Brigadier-General Ingalls, chief quartermaster, Army of the Potomac, Frederick, Md.)

One-half of the effective strength of the corps cannot march for want of shoes and stockings, and will be left here, under a proper commander. Draw 3, 000 pairs of shoes and 5, 000 pairs of stockings at once from General Ingalls, and forward them to this place. The remainder of the corps moves as soon as provisions arrive. You will use your utmost endeavors to render the corps effective again by refitting the same. Answer.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

