HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 9, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

Major-General HOWARD:

The cavalry in your front and flank was withdrawn without authority. You must maintain your position at Boonsborough until General Sedgwick arrives. He is now advancing. When he occupies it, you can withdraw your division, but General Sedgwick will want the artillery of that division until his own comes up.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,

Intersection of old Sharpsburg, Rohresville, and Boonsborough Roads, July 9, 1863-9 a. m. (Received 11 a. m.)

General [HUMPHREYS]:

My leading division is going into camp. A scout sent to me from Kilpatrick reports no enemy at Sharpsburg. A single Confederate soldier was there yesterday. Antietam very high and swift. the scout also reports that he enemy had ceased crossing at Williamsport. he confirms the flat-boat story. I will communicate with Slocum after awhile.

Respectfully,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General. Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, July 9, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS:

A deserter reported to me this morning that the engagement of yesterday was by mounted men-riflemen and sharpshooters being mounted; said it was a reconnaissance, feeling our strength, and retired as soon as they saw the (infantry) re-enforcements approaching.

He says they have a bridge at Williamsport, recently brought from Winchester and put down, and that whole army is on this side of the Potomac, located between Funkstown and Williamsport. He thinks they have taken position beyond the Antietam, their right resting some distance south of Funkstown. Says the men are in good spirits' expect a battle, and think if they can once get us agoing, they can recover all. They have not been informed that Vicksburg has surrendered. I have forwarded this deserter to headquarters. Name, Gacher, from Fitz. Lee's cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

O. O. HOWARD,Major-General.

HDQRS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 9, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

General NAGLEE,

Commanding at Harper's Ferry:

The major-general commanding is informed by Major-General Halleck that the re-enforcements for this army are being sent to

