
Harper's Ferry. He directs that, by correspondence with the proper Departments in Washington, you equip and supply fully, with the utmost expedition, all these troops, so far as they need it (equipment and supply), and that you report to him constantly their strength and condition. You will have them ready to march at a moment's notice, and, upon such notification, will leave at Maryland Heights merely such force as may be necessary to hold the position against a coup de main.

Your dispatch of to-day, asking for six 30-pounder Parrotts and four 12-pounder howitzers and ammunition, is just received. Apply for them at Washington.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, Rohrersville, July 9, 1863-12 noon.

General S. WILLIAMS:

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My corps has arrived here in good order. The Second Corps is still some way back, say 8 or 10 miles. I get no information of the enemy whatever. I find a very good map of the county here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Junction of Rohrersville and Boonsborough Road with old Sharpsburg Road, July 9, 1863-12 noon.

General SLOCUM:

I have been here since 9 a. m. Ascout reports no enemy at Sharpsburg; also that Lee has ceased crossing at Williamsport. Howard had a division at Boonsborough yesterday. I suppose he is still there. Nothing else to communicate. I am, yours, respectfully,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 9, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-morrow, July 10, 1863:

1. The Twelfth Corps, followed by the Second Corps, will move at daylight, passing through Centreville (Keedysville), and take post near Bakersville.

2. The Fifth Corps will proceed as soon as the Twelfth Corps reaches Centrenville, as directly as may be, to the brigade of the Antietam, on the road from Boonsborough to Williamsport, taking post near the branch road leading to Tilghmanton. (A guide will be furnished.)

