
teries 340. Three regiments from Washington have arrived, and are included. I have telegraphed to Baltimore for all deficiencies, excepting transportation.

NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. -Will you please specify the force to be left, if I am ordered to join the Army of the Potomac?
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, July 9, 1863-5 p. m.

General WILLIAMS:

I have received the circular of this date, directing the Third Corps to close upon my command. Everything is quiet in my front. As far as I can understand, I am about equi-distant between Rohrersville and Boonsborough. I have communicated with General Slocum, who reached the former village about 11 a. m.

Nothing of moment to send to headquarters.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,GEO. SYKES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE, July 9, 1863.

General. S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

The two bridges are in the canal, and ready to be towed anywhere they may be needed up the river.

I doubt if they will be required at this place, as the railroad bridge can be easily repaired, and I have ordered my men to clear the wreck ready for its repair. I see no further immediate action for me here, and propose to leave at 11 o'clock for Washington, to arrange other trains as directed, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding in charge of bridges here.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

SANDY HOOK, July 9, 1863.

General SCHENCK:

I climbed on the iron work just now as far as the beginning of the last span, and was not fired at. I do not believe there is an armed rebel nearer than Bolivar Heights, a mile and a half beyond Harper's Ferry, where there seems to be a picket. I have ordered the timbers that can be collected brought to the end of the bridge, so as to be ready the moment General Meade orders its construction. Will you tell Colonel Donaldson it will require 1, 200 running feet of 6 by 6 scantling, and 16, 500 feet, board measure, of 2-inch plank, to make a good artillery road across it?

JOHN R. MEIGS,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

