
HARRISBURG, PA., July 9, 1863-9 a. m.

(Received 1. 45 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The following sent by operator at Altoona, as received by him from operator at Loudon at 9 a. m.:

A sharp Connecticut horse-drover left Hagerstown yesterday morning. He mingled among the rebel officers and soldiers, and says he heard them say their engineers had raised sunken canal-boats at Williamsport and constructed them into pontoon bridges, and were passing their sick wounded men on Tuesday night, and had begun passing their baggage train early yesterday morning. This is reliable. Meade and Couch had been furnished with the above information.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HANOVER, July 9, 1863-1. 20 p. m.

General M. C. MEIGS:

I am on my way to Gettysburg again. Find things in great confusion. Road Blocked; cars not unloaded; stores ordered to Gettysburg, where they stand for a long time, completely preventing all movement there; ordered back without unloading; wounded lying for hours, without ability to carry them off; all because the simple rule of promptly unloading and returning cars is violated.

I have ordered my track gangs from Alexandria to Gettysburg, to be sent to Chambersburg by wagon, to repair Hagerstown road.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.

GETTYSBURG, PA., July 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster:

Your two telegrams received. There has been great difficulty here in regard to the road the past three days, and many vexations delays, owing to a want of men and management. It has not been under my control. This is now corrected, and the road to-day working under military authority. The bridge will be completed to-morrow, I am informed, and the trains can run into the depot in town. Three hundred thousand rations are now on hand here in the depot. The officers of subsistence have notified their chief to send no more at present. I have this moment telegraphed General Rucker to hurry forward the laborers. They have not yet been heard from. Forage is coming in plentifully. General Haupt has just been in my office, and railroad matters to this point are arranged so that there will be no confusion hereafter.

W. G. RANKIN,

Captain.

GETTYSBURG, PA., July 9, 1863.

General INGALLS:

We are about straight again at Gettysburg. I have put the road in charge of our own men. I have also 150 track men, on special

