
train, on way to Gettysburg. I will march them over the mountain, and set them at work at Chambersburg to reconstruct the road. The Northern Central Railroad is open to York, but the opening to Harrisburg will be delayed a couple of days by the loss of some of our bridges by high water. Telegraph me, at Gettysburg, the position of affairs. Have the rebels possession of Hagerstown; if so, how much of the railroad? Have they bridges, and have any crossed the river? We hear nothing in this place.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.

GETTYSBURG, July 9, 1863. (Received 11. 50 p. m.)

JONATHAN LETTERMAN,

Medical Director, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Inspector [George K.] Johnson has been here since the battle, but has assumed no authority. Inspector [Edward P.] Vollum has come and taken charge of the transportation of the wounded, much to my satisfaction. J. [M.] Cuyler telegraphs that he will be here by next train. I have sent away from this place 3, 500 slightly wounded. The railroad authorities say that 4, 000 have gone from Littletown and Westminster. The number of wounded here probably exceeded 20, 000. We have been short of nurses, surgeons, and transportation, both ambulance and railroad. I shall be able to begin the permanent hospital soon, if I can get the hospital tents. There are not enough in the corps hospitals for the purpose.

HENRY JANES,

Surgeon, in Charge of the Hospitals.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I would respectfully present a few facts and suggestions for the consideration of the commanding general.

During the recent engagements, large number of soldier were passed to the rear, not only by surgeons, but by commanding officers, without specifying place; consequently, they were scattered over the whole country in the rear of the line of battle. Large numbers of enlisted men were also found beyond the line of fire, in charge of pack mules, officers' horses, mess establishments, and company and regimental property, as well as guards of general officers, pioneer detachments, entirely unarmed, regimental bands, and field music, scattered all along the rear, all of which were on no duty whatever.

I would respectfully suggest that all musicians be put on hospital duty, in order that others, on such duty, may be relieved that pioneers be compelled to remain with their regiments; that personal guards, excepting such as are absolutely necessary, be ordered to the ranks, and that no enlisted man whatever be permitted to take

charge of officers' private property; that all company and regimental property be carried with the regimental baggage, and that all permits to fall to the rear from line of battle, in time of action, shall specify to what hospital.

