
tion respecting the position of the enemy is not very definite, yet he is believed not to have crossed any large part of it over the Potomac, but to be concentrating it between Hagerstown and Williamsport. Under these circumstances, definite instructions cannot be sent to you. You will look to the security of your command; join this army when you can do so with security, unless the operations of General Couch require you to unite with him. Definite instructions will be sent you as soon as practicable. Although highly desirable that General Neill should rejoin his corps, yet he must be governed by your instructions.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy sent to General Couch for his information.)

CAVALRY HDQRS., DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA, July 9, 1863.

Colonel WYNKOOP,

Commanding Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

The major-general commanding has received your report of this morning, and desires you to express his thanks to the officer and men of Captain Singeser's company for their success in their recent expedition, resulting in the capture of 50 rebels, and 2 commissioned officers. He requests that you keep your command well in hand, and continue to moles and injure the enemy all you can. The State authorities have designated your regiment the Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. *

By order of Major-General Stahel:

H. BALDWIN, JR.,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARLISLE, July 9, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

General SMITH:

I am coming down with a large force. Hope to communicate with you from the point you designate as necessary to have troops.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAYNESBOROUGH, July 9, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General COUCH:

I am here, awaiting orders from you or General Meade, and am much in want of shoes, and will be happy to ride over and see you when you arrive at Shippensburg. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

*Subsequently designated Twentieth Cavalry.

---------------

