
Every available man should be sent to assist General Meade. There are more troops to arrive at Baltimore, which can be used there should it be necessary. In the meantime, everything possible must be sent to the front. There is another big battle pending.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Baltimore, July 9, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

(Received 6. 25 p. m.)

Major-General Halleck,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

The Seventeenth New York State Militia, 299, and the Eighteenth, 160 strong, have but just arrived. They are perfectly raw, and not fitted out. I will supply them with ammunition, rations, &amp;c., and get them off by daylight to Frederick or Harper's Ferry. After General Naglee reported here, we overhauled the Forty-third Massachusets Infantry, and the result was that I got off yesterday 200 of the men with their officers to go to General French, and sent 300 of them to Boston.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MONONGAHELA,Numbers 8. Pittsburgh, Pa., July 9, 1863.

I. In accordance with instructions from headquarters of the Army, July 7, the following troops will proceed without delay and report at the places indicated:

II. Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Lininger's battalion six-months' volunteers will report at Hancock, Md., via Wheeling and Cumberland.

III. Colonel S. B. Dick's three-months' militia will report at New Creek Station, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, Md.

IV. Colonel R. B. McComb's regiment three-months' militia will report at Parkersburg, Va.

V. Captain J. M. Knap, Battery A, Pennsylvania militia, will report at Beverly, Va.

The commanding officers when they arrive at their respective destinations will report by telegraph to Brigadier General B. F. Kelley, Hancock, Md.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Brooks:

[WM. R. HOWE,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HANCOCK, MD., July 9, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

(Received 2. 30 p. m.)

Colonel E. D. Townsend,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

A citizen who left Hagerstown yesterday reports that Lee's army is all in that neighborhood; that Longstreet has pushed through town

toward Sharpsburg; Ewell is toward Williamsport, and that

