
General Hill was encamped north of the town. Don't know that this is reliable. General Averell not yet arrived with his cavalry. Is on the way.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 9, 1863-3. 20 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Hancock, Md.:

If Lee gives battle, do not be absent, but come in and help General Meade gain a victory. A battle is not far off.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 9, 1863-4. 20 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

It is important that the troops be pushed forward with all possible dispatch, and also that they arrive here ready for the field. Another great battle is pending, and I wish to get them in time to take part.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FORT MONROE, VA., July 9, 1863. (Received 3. 10 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I ordered two regiments to be embarked for Washington, as I passed Yorktown last evening, and another to-day; two have gone. I have ordered two to be embarked at Norfolk. Three brigades will embark at Yorktown as soon as they reach there, and one from Norfolk on General Getty's arrival. The One hundred and seventy-second Pennsylvania, which left Yorktown at 4 o'clock this morning, has been trained for six months to heavy artillery.

JOHN A. DIX,

[Major-General.]

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, Md., July 9, 1863.

(Received 6. 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

We are doing everything possible, and our capacity is abundant for more than all you require, if we can only have trains promptly unloaded at destination, and the military authorities will permit their early return. Our men are laboring most faithfully, although many are greatly exhausted. The round trip should be made in thirty hours, whilst our enginemen, firemen, and conductors have been hours kept without sleep for seventy-five to ninety hours. Some rest must be had, or sleep on duty and accidents will follow. I explain this,

40 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

