
that you may aid us in accomplishing our important work by instructing officers in command at Monocacy, Frederick, and Harper's Ferry on this subject. Our agent at Frederick telegraphs this morning that 30 car-loads of ammunition have been held for two days, the parties having it in charge refusing to have it unloaded. Notwithstanding all these difficulties, we have succeeded in getting equipment to Washington for all the troops, &amp;c., offered to-day. On receipt of your dispatch, I asked our agent at Washington to report particulars of any delays. He telegraphs thus:

I do not know of any delay whatever to troops or anything else at this point, unless it was last night. We had two regiments loaded, which were detained about an hour on account of engine 125 failing to make good time to Washington. She had the track, and, if she had made in, we could have started about one hour sooner. This is the only delay that has occurred.

Pray instruct that I be immediately advised if any delays occur. Our master of transportation reports to me that his arrangements are perfected for a very large business. We are moving promptly all troops and supplies presented at Baltimore. The work thus far, with all the embarrassments, has been accomplished without accident.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

BALTIMORE, July 9, 1863.

(Received 12. 45 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just forwarded the following to Major-General Meade. Allow me to submit it for your information and any action you may deem judicious:

GENERAL MEADE: Our engineer visited the Maryland side of the river at Harper's Ferry to-day with his men and materials, to reconstruct the burned portions of the bridge at that point. He reports by telegraph that the enemy are in view there, in squads. These two bridges and 1, 000 feet of trestling on the Virginia side are not yet destroyed. He fears that if we commence work on the river spans, the enemy will burn this important structure described, which would retard the opening of the road to Martinsburg, when you may desire it, at least one week. Under these circumstances, it appears injudicious to attempt the reconstruction in river until you occupy Harper's Ferry in force. I beg your advice on this subject, and will await your instructions before taking further action.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

CIRCULAR.] Headquarters army of the Potomac,

July 10, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-morrow, July 11, 1863:

1. The Fifth Corps will move forward, and take post with its right resting on the Antietam, and uniting with the left of the Sixth Corps, as it is now posted. Its left will be extended toward Jones' Four Corners.

2. The Second Corps will move forward to Jones' Four Corners, where its left will rest, and extend its right toward the left of the Fifth Corps, and unite with it.

