HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Near Doub's Mill, July 10, 1863-7. 45 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The corps left Boonsborough at 1. 30 p. m., and arrived at this place at 4. 30 p. m., reported to General Sedgwick as ordered, and has taken post on his right, near the farm of Mrs. Adams. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, July 10, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: Captain Dilger, who has just returned from a reconnaissance, reports that the rebel infantry pickets are about 1 1\2 miles from my front, extending about 1 mile beyond our right, behind a stone wall; that their cavalry pickets are about 3 miles from our outpost line, to the right. On a farm, about 2 miles from here, I learned that from 70 to 100 rebels had been there this morning, and about 5 rebels this afternoon. The rebel pickets could be seen from that farm, and extended considerably beyond our right, in a northerly direction. The infantry pickets of the enemy are placed behind a stone wall, about 1 1\2 miles from our front, and the smoke of their camps can be seen behind. My pickets are about 1 mile in my front. General Kilpatrick is on our right with two brigades of cavalry. I have examined our position, and find that the wooded ridge in our rear is occupied by only one regiment and a battery, while the First Corps seems to occupy a front perpendicular upon the front of the Sixth Corps.

I am, general, most respectfully, yours.

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR MOUNTAIN HORSE, July 10, 1863. Captain

CHARLES B. WAGNER,

Assistant Quartermaster, Frederick City, Md.:

It is the order or General Meade that all troops arriving at Frederick from Washington, to re-enforce this army, be ordered to stop there until further ordered. You will serve this notice on the commanding officers of all that come, until the arrival of Colonel [Edmund] Schriver, who has been ordered to Frederick, to take command of all forces there.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

South Mountain, July 10, 1863.

Brigadier General Hermann HAUPT,

Superintendent of Railroads, Gettysburg:

The enemy is in force at Hagerstown. We move toward that place to-day. General Meade wishes you to refer to General Couch for in-

