HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 10, 1863.

Generals SMITH and NEILL,Waynesborough:

There is an abundance of rations at Gettysburg. You have wagons. If more are necessary, make requisitions on Captain Rankin, at Gettysburg, or impress them from the country people. While in your present position, you must supply yourself from Gettysburg. No further instructions can be sent to you than to occupy the enemy to the best advantage in your front, and be prepared to join us or General Couch, as the movements of the enemy will permit or may require. We are advancing to-day. Our left to-night will be at Bakersville, and our right on the Boonsborough and Hagerstown road, between Antietam and Beaver Creeks. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.] - The commanding general directs that you communicate frequently with these headquarters by telegraph, by way of Gettysburg.

WAYNESBOROUGH, July 10, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

(Received July 11, 10. 30 a. m.)

General WILLIAMS:

I had proposed to move the command to join the Army of the Potomac to-morrow morning, but, in consequence of your dispatch, shall await orders, and do my best here. The cavalry made a scout to-day, and found the rebels strongly posted on the right bank of the Antietam, below Leitersburg. I fear, if I am kept here to make a long march, I shall not be able to get into the fight.

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 10, 1863.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq.,President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad:

The general commanding desires me to say that he cannot occupy Harper's Ferry in force at present, and that it would be best, under the circumstances, not to attempt reconstructing the bridge.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 10, 1863.

(Received 10. 09 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

No information during the night or this morning. Goodwin's battery of four 10-pounder rifled breech-loading guns went forward this morning. The Eleventh New York Heavy Artillery, excepting

