
In view, therefore, of the necessity of having a single, undivided head of all operations that I may be charged with, the importance of which I feel assured no one can more fully appreciate than the commanding general, I would respectfully ask that I may be furnished with a direct and distinct order, that will apply to all future occasions, that will enable me to command directly and distinctly all troops that may be sent to aid and protect the operations of my brigade, or, should such order be deemed inexpedient, I would ask of the justice of the commanding general that he will not hold me responsible for any operations depending upon our assisting forces sent me, which are not under my orders. I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

GENERAL ORDERS HEADQUARTERS, CAVALRY CORPS,

Numbers 18. June 11, 1863.

The following arrangement of the Cavalry Corps will take effect as soon as practicable: I. The First Division will be composed of the cavalry now belonging to Pleasonton's division and Buford's reserve brigade, and will be formed into three brigades, to be named the First, Second, and Third. This division to be commanded by Brigadier General John Buford. II. The Second Division will insist of the cavalry of the present Second and Third Divisions, to be formed into three brigades, to be named First, Second, and Third. This division will be commanded by Brigadier General D. McM. Gregg. III. Division commanders will form their brigades as soon as possible, and report the regiments and companies belonging to each to these headquarters, without delay. IV. The Horse Artillery Brigade will furnish the batteries to each division, to be under the orders of the division commanders until further orders.

By command of Brigadier-General Pleasonton:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 11, 1863.

Major-General STAHEL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Fairfax Court-House, Va.:

The rebel cavalry crossed the Potomac into Maryland this morning at daylight, at Muddy Branch, 3 miles below Seneca. About 200 of his cavalry drove in our pickets. Whether he had more is not known, but I think not. I will send more cavalry from here to meet him. As your cavalry is no longer needed in force out on the railroad, please send a force to the Potomac, on your right, and endeavor to intercept this raid on its return. So soon as I get more definite information, I will keep you advised.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

