
GETTYSBURG, July 11, 1863.

(Received 10. 30 a. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The provost-marshal-general, Patrick, has ordered General Trimble, of the Confederate Army, now wounded in this town, to be sent to Baltimore and immediately paroled.

From his knowledge of the railroads in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Delaware, he is a dangerous man. He burned the bridges between Philadelphia and Baltimore in the beginning of the rebellion.

Within the last ten days he directed and superintended the burning of the bridges between Baltimore and Columbia, and York and Harrisburg. He resided in Baltimore for twenty-five years, and is in close connection with all the rebel sympathizers in that city.

He is now living in comfort at the house of a rebel sympathizer in this town, while some of our wounded soldiers are still unattended. While he should and would receive from loyal men all the care a wounded man requires, he ought not to be allowed communication with persons who would transmit from him information useful to the enemy.

I therefore respectfully recommend that he be removed to and confined in Harrisburg or Pittsburgh, as a prisoner of war. *

SIMON CAMEROON.

SANDY HOOK, July 11, 1863-11. 45 a. m.

General G. K. WARREN:

Lieutenant Mackenzie is absent with General Naglee, and I opened your dispatch to him.

The Potomac above the railroad bridge at this point has fallen 4 feet within the past forty-eight hours, and is still falling slowly. It is still 4 to 5 feet above the stage of water which renders if fordable here.

The troops of the Engineer Brigade under my command now here have been constantly at work or making forced marches ever since the army left Falmouth, and I take it for granted they are liable at any moment to be called up for extraordinary exertions. Is it desirable that they should be kept incessantly at work here by General Naglee upon work not indispensable to the efficiency and success of the army?

I. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Volunteer Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, Fair Play, July 11, 1863-12 m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to inform you that my corps is in position, pursuant to order, the right resting at Jones' Four Corners and the left near Marsh Run. I regard the position utterly untenable. There are two ranges of hills in my front, the first of which commands my position, and the second commands the first. Both ranges are occu-

---------------

* Transmitted by the President to General Schenck. See Schenck's dispatch of July 12, p. 663.

---------------

