
pied by the enemy. I have been informed that the enemy have been constructing works on the second range.

The officer in charge of the picket line of the First Division reports a force of the enemy-infantry and cavalry-moving from my right to my left, in the direction of Downsville. Unless a cavalry force is sent out on the Sharpsburg and Williamsport road, there is nothing to prevent the enemy from passing around my left, and cutting off my trains.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1863-1. 45 p. m.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

Your dispatch just received. The commanding general regrets to hear that your position is untenable, and desires to be advised if there is any position in your front or rear which you regard more tenable, your right resting on Jones' Cross-Roads. General Buford's

division of cavalry was ordered out this morning on the Bakersville, Downsville, and Williamsport road, with directions to feel the enemy. Since writing the above, Lieutenant Baker, of your staff, has reported, and the major-general commanding learns that your position extends along the Sharpsburg pike.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that General Kilpatrick advanced his cavalry this morning along the Cavetown and Chewsville road, to within a mile of Hagerstown, without meeting the enemy, and is unable from this position to discover any enemy around Hagerstown. The general desires to have the result of your observations this morning, and wishes to know whether the ford in your vicinity, which the engineers were directed to open and make passable, has been rendered practicable.

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1863-2. 45 p. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps immediately, and mass it in the rear of the Fifth Corps.

Very respectfully, &c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

