
rick's cavalry, of Hagerstown and the vicinity. This command should march at the earliest hour practicable to-morrow, the 12th instant.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS, July 11, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The battle of Gettysburg has brought down my command to about 1, 500 men. If general officers are to have commands according to their rank, this would certainly seem too small for a major-general. I also understand that junior major-generals and brigadiers are placed in command of corps, which might be construed as a reflection upon the character of those who are thus set aside. While I would not trouble the general commanding the army with direct requests to change arrangements which he has seen fit to make, yet I would deem it proper to bring this matter to this notice, so that he may act according to his judgment, upon a full knowledge of circumstances as they exist. I would not trouble him with claims arising from my rank. If he can give me no corps to command, I shall cheerfully submit to his judgment; but it would seem to me that in the distribution of re-enforcements among the different corps, things might be arranged so as to increase my command to a respectable size, and to render it more efficient. I want to be understood, however, that in any case, even if neither of these requests be complied with, I mean to do my duty faithfully in this army as long as I have a platoon to command.

You would oblige me, general, by submitting these representations to Major-General Meade for consideration.

I am, general, most respectfully, yours,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, July 11, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I notice that a brigade of new troops has re-enforced the First Corps this morning. I think mine now is the only corps that has not been strengthened; but, however that may be, it will increase the efficiency of this corps more than proportionately to the number of troops sent. If I could have only one regiment to a division, it would do me much good; so that if it is possible for me to be re-enforced, I entreat this for the benefit of the service. I have one regiment whose time is out on the 14th instant. I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

