
force, to take inner and circuitous roads, but it is left to your discretion to determine the route of march. The general wishes you, however, to join be the shortest line that you may think it safe to move upon. The Sixth Corps is at present upon the Boonsborough and Hagerstown pike, about 2 miles from the former place.

I am directed to add that you will bring with you Colonel McIntosh's brigade of cavalry.

Show this to General Smith.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1863-11. 45 a. m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM E. SMITH,Waynesborough, Pa.:

Your dispatch of 8. 30 p. m. yesterday received. I am directed to say that the major-general commanding has no active orders or instructions to give you at present other than those with which you have already been furnished.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. MILITARY TELEGRAPH, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 11, 1863.

General R. INGALLS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The Northern Central Railroad through to Harrisburg will not be opened before Tuesday. With great exertion, I have impressed 4 teams, and my force of 180 track men is now started to march to Chambersburg. The report of damages leaves me to expect great difficulty in procuring materials to reconstruct the Hagerstown road. I go to Chambersburg to-morrow, and will spare no efforts to open the communication.

H. HAUPT.
HEADQUARTERS DELAWARE DEPARTMENT,Wilmington, Del., July 11, 1863.

Colonel DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: During the week, I have inspected the troops at Fort Delaware and those along the line of the Philadelphia and Wilmington Railroad to Bush River, and, to meet the necessity of the case, have ordered all the Fifth Delaware to Fort Delaware, where they are most wanted for guard and other duty, and have distributed the Sixth Delaware along the line of railroad, leaving four companies at Havre de Grace, at regimental headquarters, Havre de Grace, and the balance at Bush River, Gunpowder, Back River, and Perrymansville, giving ample protection to the railroad, and distributed the men in such a way as will give them convenient quarters without any additional expense.

