
The country on my left next to the river is impracticable for any considerable force to advance. I have come on to their infantry pickets; have been in range, but no shots have been exchanged. My ammunition is just coming up. During this fog I shall confine myself to scouting as closely to their line as I can.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD.

NEAR FUNKSTOWN, July 12, 1863-7 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

GENERAL: The enemy is intrenching himself on the crest of a hill one-half mile east of Funkstown, and has batteries, supported by infantry, on the hills north of Funkstown.

N. DANIELS,

Captain, and Signal Officer.

JULY 12, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: General Wright is on the heights beyond Funkstown. Met but little opposition. His skirmishers are well out toward Hagerstown. I have telegraphed headquarters. Expect orders to move up. Perhaps you had better make preparations to move.

JOHN SEDGWICK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General COUCH:

By direction of the major-general commanding. I transmit herewith copy of his dispatch of yesterday to General Halleck, * which will inform you of the position of this army at that time. This morning Sedgwick took possession of Funkstown and the heights overlooking it. But little opposition was met with. A strong reconnaissance, which marched at the same hour as Sedgwick's detachment, and from the same vicinity, is now being made on Hagerstown. As yet it has met with no opposition.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

JULY 12, 1863-9. 10 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

GENERAL: I have information confirming the information that the enemy is not crossing the river. Nothing but sick and wounded go over. At Williamsport there is but one flat-boat, which crosses the river in about seven minutes. It crosses by means of a wire rope.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 90.

---------------

42 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

