
The river is not fordable. This morning several horses with equipments floated down the river in front of my pickets. All quiet in my front. It is reported that cannonading can be heard toward the right of our army. Is it go?

Very respectfully,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, July 12, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

My chief of staff reports that our cavalry has possession of Hagerstown, 8. 15 a. m. A regiment of rebel cavalry is going north of the town; Kilpatrick following close. General Ames' division has possession of the crest this side of the town. Artillery shelling rebel cavalry.

Stuart, with his cavalry and some infantry, is reported massed on the other side of the town. No artillery firing from the enemy yet.

O. O. HOWARD.

HAGERSTOWN, July 12, 1863-9. 15 a. m.

General MEADE:

Have full possession of the town. Cavalry on the other side of it. Enemy has thrown up earth works about 1 1/2 miles southwest of town; has got infantry there. The rebels have not yet opened fire on us. The enemy, however, appears to be in considerable force. General Couch's forces are reported to be advancing toward Hagerstown. General Ames sent an aide to find out.

O. O. HOWARD,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1863.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

General Sedgwick, having occupied the heights above Funkstown, will place his command in position there. The major-general commanding directs that you throw forward your right, so as to occupy a position in the general direction of the Sharpsburg and Hagerstown pike, closing in on our left upon General Hays, who has been directed to close in toward Jones' Cross-Roads. You will indicate to General Sedgwick the point upon which your right will rest.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The commanding general directs that you place your corps in position, the right on the heights beyond Funkstown, your left connect-

