
ing with General Sykes' right, who has been directed to take a position in the general direction of the Sharpsburg and Hagerstown pike, his left connecting with General Hays. You will dispose of the Eleventh and First Corps so as to cover your right flank in the direction of Hagerstown.

Very respectfully, &amp;.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

JULY 12, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you close in on your left, which rests on Jones' Cross-Roads. General Sykes will be directed to close in, to connect with your right.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1863-10 a. m.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

Colonel Huey's cavalry has been directed to move out from Jones' Cross-Roads into the Williamsport road. The major-general commanding directs that you furnish him such infantry supports as he may need. Information having been received from General Hays, confirmed by statements from other sources, that Hill's corps moved from Hagerstown in the direction of Downsville yesterday afternoon, General Hays has been directed to close in on his left at Jones' Cross-Roads, General Sykes to close in on Hays' right, and at the same time throw forward his right, so as to be in position in the general direction of the Hagerstown pike.

General Sedgwick has possession of Funkstown and the high ground beyond it. He has been directed to connect his left with General Sykes' right, and dispose the First and Eleventh Corps to protect his right flank.

The commanding general desires to know the result of your examination of the grounds in the vicinity of your present position, and whether you have found such as will afford a strong position for the left of the army-your corps.

Very respectfully, &c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, July 12, 1863.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I have advanced my line to the crest in front of my former position, which I consider much stronger than the one held yesterday. My line is too long, but think I can hold it until re-enforcements could be sent me. A Virginia refugee represents Longstreet's force

