
All agree that no ammunition has been received by the rebels, and the way they received our attack shows that they are saving their powder. They have, however, plenty of provisions.

We captured wheat enough in one of the mills to feed the army a week. Shall await further orders.

O. O. HOWARD.

JULY 12, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Commanding at Frederick:

The commanding general directs that if the One hundred and twenty-seventh and One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers have ten days or more to serve, you send them at once to join the First

Corps, General Newton commanding. The First Corps is now in the vicinity of Funkstown, 2 miles from Hagerstown. Do not send forward any troops that have a less time to serve than ten days, unless they pledge themselves to serve until the present emergency is over; that is, until the battle is fought and the immediate ulterior operations concluded.

The general commanding likewise directs that you post the troops for the defense of Frederick so as to cover the Monocacy depot and bridge. General Naglee was ordered to send the two batteries of artillery to report to you. Communicate with him respecting them.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

JULY 12, 1863-11 a. m.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

The One hundred and twenty-seventh and One hundred and forty-third New York Volunteers have been ordered to join your corps this day from Frederick, provided they have more than ten days to serve, or, if less than ten days, provided they pledge themselves to serve until after the present emergency has passed.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

JULY 12, 1863-10. 40 a. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you mass your corps in rear of the Sharpsburg and Hagerstown pike, your left near the Boonsborough and Williamsport road, in the vicinity of Jones' Cross-Roads.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1863-11 a. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the occupation of Hagerstown renders it unnecessary for you to throw back

