HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, Near Funkstown, July 12, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I did not send an entire division this morning, and not more than 1, 200 men, under the command of General Ames. I have posted my corps on the right of General Sedgwick. My extreme right holds the bridge on the road from Hagerstown to Smoketown; two division on a high hill, slightly in front of the crest occupied by General Sedgwick. After I was posted, General Sedgwick's corps moved by flank a short distance to the left. The gap has been filled by a small portion of General Newton's command. The balance of his command is massing in my rear and left. I have ordered the withdrawal from the town of the division sent to support Kilpatrick. It is still within supporting distance. Do you regard it important for me to hold Hagerstown with any strength? Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

Your dispatches are received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that it was his intention that a brigade only should act in conjunction with the cavalry in the operation upon Hagerstown; that General Sedgwick is authorized to post the Eleventh and First Corps to protect his right, and requests that you will communicate and co-operate with him. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

NEAR SAINT JAMES' COLLEGE, July 12, 1863-2 p. m.

General MEADE:

The enemy occupy the heights in rear of Saint James' College, where they are throwing up intrenchments. I see them for at least a mile on the crest, and busily engaged intrenching.

JAS. S. HALL,

Captain, and Signal Officer.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1863.

(Received 2. 40 p. m.)

Major-General COUCH,

Harrisburg:

My troops occupied Hagerstown this morning, the enemy retiring before them toward Williamsport. The enemy are intrenched on a

