
line one mile and a half from Hagerstown, in the direction of Dam No. 4, on the river. The road is open for you to Hagerstown.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, July 12, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Sykes appears to be deploying to his right, and constructing at the same time his line, so as to absorb 3, 000 men of the reserve to fill the vacancy on the front line, between the Second and Fifth Corps. Respectfully,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding Third Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1863-4. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

General French reports that your corps is extending to the right, and leaving a vacant space on your left which will require 3, 000 men of the reserve to fill. This reserve has been already reduced one-half by the necessity of filling a vacant space between the Fifth and Second Corps. The major-general commanding directs that you connect your left with the right of the Second Corps, in accordance with the instructions of this morning, and not call upon the Third Corps to fill vacancies between the two corps. General French is directed to hold his corps in reserve, in rear of the Second Corps, and near Jones' Cross-Roads. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, July 12, 1863-5. 45 p. m.

[Major-General HUMPHREYS:]

SIR: I desire to say that I have carried out my instructions, and that my left connects with the Second Corps; that there is no interval between the Second and Fifth Corps. There was an interval yesterday evening. I was not informed that the Third Corps had filled it, and could not find out that French's troops, until General Sedgwick could move down and connect with me. I suggested to General French that he keep his troops in their position. My troops were not extended to the right to-day; they simply changed front on the left. Respectfully, &c.,GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

