
WHEELING, W. VA., June 11, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War Washington, D. C.:

Can't you send me about 3, 000 small-arms? I am fearful of another raid. Our militia express great desire to fight, if armed, and I thing they will fight. If you send the, send immediately by fast line, in care of agent.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor of Virginia.

------------

JUNE 11, 1863.

Colonel SHARPE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

A captured contraband, who was at Culpeper Court-House last Monday, states that Hood's division was there, and that infantry was arriving in great force. The enemy have infantry picket all along the river to-day.

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

------------

[CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC:

Camp near Falmouth, Va., June 11, 1863.

[Corps Commanders:]

The commanding general directs that you hold your command in readiness to move at very short notice. The movements likely to be made [will be] of a nature to require the greatest possible mobility. Every article of every kind and description in excess of the allowance in orders, to be turned into the quartermaster's department without delay. Nothing but the prescribed allowance of wagons and ambulances will be permitted to march with the columns. All surplus baggage and everything likely to at all impede the march or movement of the troops must be sent to the rear. You will require the officers of the inspector-general's department to thoroughly and carefully inspect the baggage, ambulances, baggage-wagons, &c., in your command, to make sure this order is complied with, and, if necessary to accomplish that end, the several commands must be drawn up in marching order. You will also cause all persons not having a recognized position in this army to be sent to the rear. Such persons will under no circumstances be permitted to remain with or follow the army. These instructions must be carried into effect to-day. By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 11, 1863.

The attention of the chief quartermasters of corps and other independent commands is called to the circular issued from these head-

