
JULY 13, 1863-11. 15 a. m.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Commanding at Frederick:

The commanding general directs that the One hundred and forty-second Regiment New York Volunteers join the Twelfth Corps, the headquarters of which are at Jones' Four Corners, or in that vicinity, on the road leading from Boonsborough to Williamsport.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 11TH ARMY CORPS, July 13, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

General MEADE:

From a church steeple in Hagerstown I have made the following observations: The enemy's left seems to rest on a detached work one-fourth of a mile north of the National pike, on the farm of Wingert, or Zeller (see county map); thence running through Hilliard's, Heyser's, and Morler's estates, which is as far as I could see. Between the detached work above referred to and the pike there seems to be a battery of heavy guns; farther to their right another battery, and on Morler's farm two batteries. They appear to be very busy intrenching. Their position is on a ridge, and very strong.

O. O. HOWARD,Major-General.

JULY 13, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, FREDERICK:

General Meade is absent from camp, and may not be back until late in the day. The One hundred and sixty-sixth, One hundred and seventy-third, and One hundred and Seventy-seventh Regiments of Pennsylvania Volunteers, after being supplied, had better be ordered to Boonsborough, there to await further orders. Similar instructions had better be given to the companies of sharpshooters that have reported to you. I have ascertained that the Thirty-ninth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers is with General Briggs.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS Sixth CORPS, July 13, 1863-3. 45 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

My headquarters are three-quarters of a mile from Funkstown, on Antietam Creek, near the Hagerstown pike. I shall state my views with regard to the dislodgment of the enemy's work as soon as scouts and reconnoitering parties have returned.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding Eleventh Corps.

