HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 13, 1863-4 p. m.

General GRIFFIN:

You are at liberty to take up the position you suggested (by the brick house) through Major Ludlow, if you consider it best. It is not designed to hold any of these lines, unless the enemy attacks us before our other arrangements are made. You can inform General Sedgwick if you are masking any part of his line. If your pickets and his cross, withdraw the part that laps over.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEERS, July 13, 1863-5 p. m.

Colonel SPAULDING:

We may want a bridge put across the river before long. If sending away the 100 men to repair the canal will not interfere with laying the bridge, it is desirable to have it done.

G. K. WARREN,

Brigadier General of Vols, Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, July 13, 1863-4 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

The line of Sedgwick's corps (Sixth) is parallel with the Hagerstown and Sharpsburg pike. The line of Hays' corps (Second) is nearly perpendicular to it. General Warren directs, through Major Ludlow, that my troops are to connect with the right of Hays and the left of Sedgwick. The lines will then run thus:* My position of this morning is far better for the use of artillery, infantry, and as a commanding one. The interval between Hays and Sedgwick is not large enough for two divisions of my corps. I have thrown Crawford on the right of Hays. To bring Griffin on Crawford's right throws him in a hollow, with dense woods 200 yards in his front. I have, therefore, posted one of his brigades on Crawford's right and rear, and the rest of my troops remain as they were this morning. My front is so contracted by the Second and Sixth Corps that I have only the front of a brigade. I await further instructions. Respectfully,GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, &c.

P. S. -Major Ludlow can explain the positions.

---------------

*See sketch on opposite page.

---------------

