HEADQUARTERS Eleventh Corps, July 13, 1863-6. 35 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

General Kilpatrick is conducting a reconnaissance in force. My opinion is that their left, resting on Zeller's Hill, may be turned. Have not been able, owing to woods, to get near enough yet to determine the exact extent of their works, after turning toward the Potomac. The reconnaissance is now being pushed up on the Mercersburg road. The works near the National pike are apparently small.

O. O. HOWARD.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, July 13, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: The line of this corps extends from a short distance to the right of the Funkstown and Williamsport road, by Eyerly's farm, to the right of the Sixth Corps, about three-fourths of a mile. The picket line runs along a ridge 500 yards in front of the first line. Average distance of enemy's skirmishers, 300 yards in front of our line to the enemy's line of battle, in edge of heavy woods, 1 mile from our front line. They have thrown up intrenchments along the edge of these woods. They fired three or four shots from a battery of rifled pieces on this line, near the house of Mr. Stover, to-day. Another battery is reported in front of the left of this corps. Your obedient servant,

JAS. S. WADSWORTH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

JULY 13, 1863.

Colonel L. W. SMITH,

One hundred and Sixty-ninth Pa. Vols., Boonsborough:

The commanding general directs that your regiment join the Eleventh Army Corps without delay, as already ordered.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 13, 1863.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

The One hundred and twenty-seventh and One hundred and forty-third New York Regiments left Frederick yesterday, and should join you in the course of to-day.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 13, 1863.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Commanding at Frederick:

The commanding general directs that the One hundred and sixty-seventh, One hundred and seventy-third, and One hundred and

