
seventy-seventh Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers be distributed as follows: The One hundred and sixty-seventh to the First Corps, One hundred and seventy-third to the Eleventh Corps, and One hundred and seventy-seventh to the Twelfth Corps. The First and Eleventh Corps are near Funkstown, and the Twelfth Corps is at Jones' Four Corners, on the Boonsborough and Williamsport pike. The First Battalion New York Sharpshooters will be ordered to join the First Army Corps. If these troops have left Frederick, please have these orders communicated to them.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 13, 1863-9 p. m.

The major-general commanding directs that the commanders of the Twelfth, Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps each make a reconnaissance in force in front of their respective positions to-morrow, the 14th instant, the movement to commence punctually at 7 a. m. The reconnoitering force from each corps will be commanded by a general officer, and will be not less than a division, with such artillery as may be deemed necessary. These commanding officers will act in concert, so that the movements and operations will be simultaneously conducted. The enemy's pickets, supports, and guards will be driven in until a distinct view of his position, defensive works, force, and its arrangements can be had. If it should be necessary to obtain this information, and should be practicable, the enemy should even be made to display his line of battle. The character of the ground passed over, the facilities it affords, and the obstacles it opposes to the movements of artillery and infantry, will be carefully noted, as well as the advantages it affords for offensive and defensive operations. The position of the enemy, the arrangement of his troops, the number, strength, and position of his batteries, rifle-pits, and other defensive works, will be carefully noted, and a full report will be made of all the facts of importance ascertained. The cavalry on both flanks will co-operate in the movements. The commanders of corps will hold their troops under arms in readiness for a general engagement, should the enemy offer one in front of his line of supposed intrenchments. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 13, 1863-9. 30 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a division to the Twelfth Corps and one the Second Corps, while the reconnaissances are being made to-morrow, to supply the places of the

