
divisions of those corps which form the reconnoitering forces. These divisions of the Third Corps will be massed close to the positions vacated by the absent divisions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. 123rd NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS, July 13, 1863.

Captain PITTMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report as follows: I advanced the pickets on the left of the line, according to instructions. Those on the right I judged already near enough the enemy. The picket line of the division to-night, therefore, reaches from its connection with the pickets of the Second Corps, a little to the right of the turnpike, along a ridge to the pickets of the Second Division, making in all the distance about a mile. The two lines (ours and the rebels') are in sight of each other, and about 400 or 500 yards apart. There has been brisk firing at intervals along the line, from both sides, during the day. Just in front of our line is a hollow, through which a creek used to run, but the mill-pond has been broken, and the stream is a mere brook now. I placed a few men in the old mill and in a house and barn in front of the line, to act as sharpshooters. The rebel line on the left or south side of the road, is just in front of a thick woods, along the edge of which they have thrown up rifle-pits or breastworks. I could not discover any redoubts or batteries. Between the lines the ground which rises from the brook toward the woods is open and cultivated (corn and wheat fields), with the exception of a thick orchard on the left, and scattered fruit trees. On the north of the road their line runs along a rail fence just in front of the seminary or college. There are no woods immediately behind their line on this side of the roads, and no fortifications that I could see.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAMES C. ROGERS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. 123rd N. Y. Vols, General Officer of Day.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, July 13, 1863-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Report is confirmed that a part of the enemy's cavalry swam the river at Williamsport last night. You will, therefore, proceed early to-morrow morning, with the two brigades of your division at Boonsborough, to Harper's Ferry, where a bridge will be prepared for you to cross the river at that point. You will cross to the opposite side, and move in the direction of the enemy's line of communication from Williamsport and Winchester, to annoy their trains and communication. Communicate from time to time with Harper's Ferry. Go by way of Rohrersville to Harper's Ferry, to conceal your movement. Take whatever artillery you may need. Huey's brigade will remain for the present where it is.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

