
which I made in this vessel this morning. Since then the iron-clads and some of the gunboats have passed up. We saw a few signalmen and cavalry. The lower fort has five embrasures. The upper work is much more extensive, and has a water battery. Gunboats picket and cover the works. If you thin it is expedient to occupy or raze the work, some clearing would be necessary.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

FORT MONROE, VA., July 13, 1863-6 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I sent General Keyes with the troops from Yorktown, because they consisted, for the most part, of his army corps. He telegraphs me from Baltimore, that he is ordered back for duty here. I have no command for him. I have left only a brigade at Yorktown, and I design Norfolk and the new line for General Peck. I trust, therefore, he may be assigned to duty elsewhere. He will be in Baltimore till to-morrow evening.

JOHN. A. DIX,

Major-General.

READING, July 13, 1863.

COLONEL TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

COLONEL: I take leave to transmit to you a letter to Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, and respectfully request you do deliver it to him.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

READING, July 13, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: According to your order, I reported to Major-General Couch, at Harrisburg, and was assigned by him for duty as commander of the militia and volunteers at Reading. Arrived at this place, I found 5, 000 three-month's men, partly organized into regiments, and under marching orders for Harrisburg. I did my utmost to complete the organization of these troops, and sent every regiment forward as soon as it was armed and equipped. To-day there is only one organized and armed regiment here, doing camp and provost-guard duty, whilst two others are under organization. During this week the three regiments mentioned will leave Reading, and, to my best knowledge, no new enlistments of any consideration will take place here.

