
had fallen back, that the reconnoitering force should form the advance in pursuit of the enemy, to be followed up by the corps, and that every effort should be made to overtake and attack the enemy before be effects the crossing of the Potomac.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 14, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Colonel SPAULDING:

How are you getting along with laying the bridge?

G. K. WARREN,Brigadier General Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac.

General G. K. WARENN:

We are getting along well with the bridge. Will have it done by 2 p. m.

I. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Volunteer Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 14, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that, having placed the Eleventh and First Corps under your command, he declines to give orders direct to either of those corps commanders, lest it should produce confusion. You will give them such orders as you may deem necessary for their co-operation with you, and will direct, if you think it necessary, General Howard to move along the Clear Spring road as far as you deem it advisable, and change the direction of his march toward Williamsport, when you consider it proper for him to do so. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 14, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

Information having been received that the enemy has fallen back from our right, the major-general commanding directs that, upon receiving similar intelligence from the reconnoitering force, each corps commander will move forward with his corps to support the reconnaissance, which will be pushed until the enemy is met; that the Third Corps will follow the Second Corps; that corps commanders will keep up their communication with the corps on their right and left, and be prepared to deploy in line of battle upon overtaking the enemy.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

