
trict recently in the army should volunteer for duty in this army

corps, thereby from their experience adding greatly to the efficiency of the force for immediate defensive operations. Each

company organization to be perfected as soon as possible, and report the name of officer in command, the number of men, and the place of its headquarters, in order that they may be promptly furnished with transportation to the general rendezvous, which will be at Harrisburg. Any person who will furnish 40 or more men who will be enrolled, if otherwise unobjectionable, will be entitled to a captaincy; any person who will bring 25 or more men, under above condition, will be entitled to a lieutenancy, and any person who will bring 15 or more men, under same conditions, to a second lieutenancy. On arriving at the place of rendezvous, they will be formed into regiments so far as practicable, and as may be found consistent with the interests of the public service. Companies from the same locality will be put together in regimental organizations. For the present, all communications will be addressed to Harrisburg. Chiefs of the respective departments will report accordingly.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding,

------------

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MONONGAHELA,

Numbers 1. Pittsburgh, Pa., June 11, 1863.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of the department. The staff of the department will be announced in subsequent orders. All communications for these headquarters will be directed to the assistant adjutant-general, Department of the Monongahela.

[W. T. H. BROOKS,]

Major-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 12, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

Please march your command without delay be the most direct route to Catlett's Station. The First Corps is on the road to Bealeton. A map will be sent you. Please have staff officers sent in advance, to look out the road, that your movement may not be delayed. Report the time of the departure of the head of the column.

HOOKER,

Major General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 12, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

No guards reported at any of the bridges or on the railroad to replace Howard's. What is the reason? Have you not received the order?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.

