
SANDY HOOK, July 14, 1863-4 p. m.

Brig. General G. K. WARREN,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

There is a lock at Berlin, and the canal is good from here to that point. The break is about a quarter of a mile below this lock. The width of the river at Berlin at very low water was 1, 200 feet. I have just telegraphed General Benham that it will require 600 feet additional material if the bridge is ordered built at Berlin, and that this material should be sent to Berlin by railway, as it would probably take two days to put the canal in order. I will send a large force down to the break immediately. The great difficulty is the want of wheelbarrows. The canal superintendent has but 7. I understand General Naglee has sent for 50 more, but they have not arrived.

I. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Volunteer Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS, Frederick, July 14, 1863-4. 20 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

The One hundred and forty-second New York Volunteer reported to me yesterday, and is no doubt by this time nearer your headquarters than this place. It was directed to join the Twelfth Corps at Jones' Four Corners. See your telegram of July 13, received here at 12 m. yesterday. The nine-months' regiments which passed through Frederick and reported to me are the One hundred and seventy-second, One hundred and sixty-ninth, One hundred and seventy-third. One hundred and seventy-seventh, and One hundred and sixty-seventh Pennsylvania, and One hundred and sixty-eight New York. Major-General Halleck has ordered the Seventh New York State Militia to be sent to New York, to report to Major-General Wool. This leaves me without an infantry soldier, excepting some worthless stragglers, collected here by the provost-marshall, without organization.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General, Commanding.

FREDERICK, July 14, 1863. (Received 11. 30 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

In addition to the five regiments reported on Sunday, the 12th, there have since arrived eight regiments, four batteries, and four companies of New York sharpshooters. Of these eight regiments, five are three-years' men and three are Pennsylvania nine-months' men, whose enlistment expires on the 21st of July. Colonel Ed. Schriver is here, in command, and is sending forward the troops on their arrival, as instructed by General Meade. No trains are expected from Washington before night, owing to a break in the Washington branch railroad.

GEO. THOM,

Colonel, and Aide-de-Camp.

