
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 14, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-morrow, July 15, 1863: The Twelfth and Second Corps to move via Downsville, Bakersville, Mercerville, Sharpsburg, the Antietam Iron-Works, and River road, encamping in Pleasant Valley, near Harper's Ferry. The Third Corps, via Fair Play, Tilghmanton, Sharpsburg, and Brownsville, encamping in Pleasant Valley, near Harper's Ferry. The Fifth and First Corps by Williamsport and Boonsborough road, via Jones' Cross-Roads; thence to Keedysville, by the road between the Sharpsburg pike and the Antietam, to Keedysville; thence through Fox's Gap to Burkittsville, by the road nearest the mountain (the shortest road); and thence to Berlin. The Sixth and Eleventh Corps, via Funkstown and Boonsborough, through Turner's Gap, to Middletown; thence to Petersville and Berlin. The corps will move in the order named, and the corps in advance will march at early daylight, and will be followed by the next corps as soon as the road is clear. The Reserve Artillery will move by the way of the Boonsborough pike, through Turner's Gap, to Middletown, and thence to the vicinity of Berlin, by Petersville. It may take precedence as far as Middletown; after which it will march between the Sixth and Eleventh Corps. Headquarters will be at Berlin to-morrow afternoon. Corps commanders will direct their trains to meet them at their camps, in the vicinity of Harper's Ferry and Berlin.

By command of Major-General Meade:

[S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 189. July 14, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. The division commanded by Brigadier General George h. Gordon, and composed of the following regiments, is assigned to the Eleventh Corps: First Brigade. -One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-fourth, and One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers.

Second Brigade-One hundred and forty-first New York Volunteers and Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers. The Fortieth Massachusetts and One hundred and forty-fourth New York Regiments, heretofore assigned to the First Corps, are transferred to General Gordon's division. Eleventh Corps, which they will join with as little delay as practicable.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

