HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 14, 1863.

(Received 6 p. m.)

M. C. MEIGS,Quartermaster-General:

The enemy has recrossed the Potomac, and is now probably retreating down the Shenandoah Valley. This army will move by Berlin and Harper's Ferry. We must, therefore, look for our next supplies, after crossing the Potomac, at Salem or Rectortown, on the Manassas Gap Railroad. We shall fill up our trains at Berlin as they pass. Will you please ask General Haupt to put the railroad in repair? I shall transfer Captains Wagner and Pitkin with their employees to Berlin. It would be utterly fruitless to move this army down the Winchester Valley. The enemy occupied an almost impregnable position yesterday. I am happy he has been forced back so successfully. I shall be at Berlin to-morrow at 2 p. m.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 14, 1863-2. 40 p. m.

Brigadier-General HAUPT,

In charge Military Railroads, Chambersburg:

Withdraw all your construction corps from Pennsylvania railroads, and bring them as quickly as possible to Alexandria. Lee has crossed the Potomac.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., July 14, 1863-5. 30 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Construction corps will be ordered back immediately to Alexandria. This movement is precisely as I expected and predicted. I did not see how we could prevent the enemy from crossing. It is now of the greatest importance to occupy the gaps of the Blue Ridge, and push forces ahead to secure from destruction any bridges on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad that may still remain.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., July 14, 1863.

(Received 10 p. m.)

General R. INGALLS,

Army of the Potomac:

The Winchester road cannot be relied upon for any transportation whatever. The rail is strap iron, the supports rotten, and the lightest engines run off the track continually. I am moving my whole force to Alexandria. You cannot catch Lee by following in his rear. The bridges on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad which are not yet burned should be saved, if possible; also on the Manassas Gap Railroad.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.

