
time. I am delayed by the indisposition of my chief cavalry officer, without whom I can do nothing. I hope he can be in the saddle by the middle of next week.

I have not moved up the Peninsula above Williamsburg, but am ready.

I will advise you two or three days before I move. My force is small, and you must not count on anything more than a diversion. I expect, however, to create some disturbance, at least.

JOHN A. DIX.

---------------

JUNE 4, 1863

Major-General MILROY,

Winchester:

I do not yet see occasion for abandoning Berryville. Holding that position may be very important, looking to matters eastward. Of course, you keep up close communication.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

--------------

CIRCULAR.]
HEADQUARTERS,June 4, 1863

To Corps Quartermasters:

The general commanding this army has decided that there is no advantage to the service commensurate with the expense in keeping up regularly organized pack trains, with mules independent of the wagons.

It is his order that you retain the pack-saddles now on hand, and that they shall be habitually carried in the wagons of the ammunition and supply trains, not to exceed ten to a wagon.

When it becomes necessary to pack officer's baggage, rations, or ammunition for short distances over broken and rough country, pack trains can be made up temporarily by taking mules from the wagons, not to exceed two to any one wagon. Some few extra mules, not to exceed 50 to each corps, may be kept on hand to supply losses on marches.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

------------

[JUNE 4-27, 1863. -For Hooker's correspondence with the President, Secretary of War, and General-in-Chief, see Part I, pp. 29-60.]

-------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 5, 1863-7 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to march at short notice; that you furnish any assistance required by General Benham in throwing a bridge across the Rappahannock.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

