HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 12, 1862-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General DIX:

All of Lee's army, so far as I know, is extended along the immediate banks of the Rappahannock, from Hamilton's Crossing to Culpeper. A. P. Hill's corps is on his right, Fredericksburg. Ewell's corps joins his left, reaching to the Rapidan; and beyond that river is Longstreet's corps, with not less than 10, 000 cavalry, under Stuart. These bodies have been very much swollen in numbers of late, the enemy's divisions corresponding with our corps. Several brigades of D. H. Hill's division in North Carolina are now with Lee. From my balloon it can be seen that he is daily receiving acquisitions. He has a numerical superiority over me. For several days past Lee has been at Culpeper.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

------------

JUNE 12, 1863-3. 20 p. m.

General PLEASONTON,

Warrenton Junction:

The general wishes every possible information with regard to enemy's movements. He desires you to lose no opportunity and neglect nothing possible to be done to obtain it. Look sharply to your right. By no means allow the enemy to turn it. Though he maybe crippled by your gallant attack of the 9th, he will use the more exertion to get you or us at a disadvantage. Be watchful, vigilant, and let nothing escape you. Communicate promptly all you discover.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 12, 1863-3. 45 p. m.

Brigadier-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

When relieved by the Third Corps, please send the officers and men (and Generals Russell and Ames) belonging to the Eleventh Corps to Catlett's Station. The other to be sent to the places already indicated.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

PLEASONTON'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 12, 1863-6 p. m.

General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Army of the Potomac:

You dispatch of 3. 20 p. m. received. There is no news of the enemy's movements. I have parties out to the right on the lookout. I am inclined to believe they will not send off their cavalry or make a move until they are satisfied of ours. The information I receive

