
I think about 3, 000 Union and 6, 000 Confederates remain. Probably 3, 000 cannot be moved. Dr. Brinton has plenty of the kind of supplies sent from Philadelphia, but at the request of Dr. Cuyler, has made requisition on Dr. [Christopher C.] Cox for some articles. Dr. Cuyler is here; also General Thomas, who has power to act for the Secretary of War. Have selected a fine site for the camp. Am anxiously awaiting the tents.

HENRY JANES,

Surgeon in Charge.

HARRISBURG, PA., July 14, 1863.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Honorable Abraham LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I left the Army of the Potomac yesterday, believing tht the decision of General Meade's council of war on Saturday night, not to attack the rebels, would allow them to escape. His army is in fine spirits and eager for battle. They will win, if they get a chance. General Couch has a fine army between Carlisle and Greencastle, but will move no farther south without orders, under the strong belief that his duty is to guard the Susquehanna. In my opinion, the Susquehanna needs no guard. I have urged him from the beginning to join Meade. I hope in God that you will put forth your authority, and order every man in arms between the Susquehanna and the Potomac to unite with Meade, so that he may have no reason for delay in giving battle before the falling of the flood allows Lee to escape.

SIMON CAMEROON.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 14, 1863-10. 15 a. m.

Major-General DIX,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

It was not deemed advisable to assign General Keyes to duty with the Army of the Potomac, as all re-enforcements were assigned to existing army corps there. As he is ordered to report to you, it is expected that he will remain on duty in your command till further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GENERAL 'S OFFICE,Numbers 312. Washington, July 14, 1863.

I. Brigadier General Rufus King. U. S. Volunteers, will report in person, without delay, to Major-General Meade, commanding the Army of the Potomac, for orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General HALLECK:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

