
the proper officers to receive them. The notice is daily given of their departure from this place. Important telegrams yesterday, for

General Meade and others, were only sent at 11 p. m. One's of these was handed in the office as early as 9 a. m. Telegrams for General Meade, to Stanton's headquarters, of yesterday are still in the office.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GETTYSBURG, July 15, 1863. (Received 11. 10 p. m.)

General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac:

Everything is working to advantage at this depot. I am gathering in a good many horses and other property. The provost-marshals are bringing horses from a great distance. The farmers came in scores, and took them off to their homes, 50 and 60 miles from here. The hospital tents arrived to-day, and are being put up. I received 100, 000 pounds of hay to-day from Stoddard; have had it all condemned. It was perfectly rotten and worthless. I am surprised that he should have sent such hay to me. I have ordered 100, 000 pounds more. General Thomas is still here. He told Captain Smith that he did not see what use he was here, and ordered him to turn over all property of the Quartermaster's Department to me, without my receipting to him. I will have everything ready to close up here at the earliest moment; ready to join you when you desire. We all regret to hear of the escape of Lee.

W. G. RANKIN,

Captain, and Depot Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Numbers 135. July 15, 1863.

I. Brigadier General Rufus King, U. S. Volunteers, will assume command, without delay, of all the infantry now in this city waiting transportation to Frederick City, and march, via Alexandria, along the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, for the purpose of taking possession of and holding it, repairing bridges, &amp;c.

II. The available cavalry of the department will, under Colonel C. R. Lowell, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, report for duty to Brigadier-General King, to precede the march of the infantry.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Heitzelman:

CARROLL H. POOTER,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 15, 1863. (Received 12. 40 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

If it be possible, will you now order back to my command General Lockwood, with the First and Second Eastern Shore Regiments of

