
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, Camp near Berlin, July 16, 1863.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch to General Ingalls, concerning taking supplies from the country, is received. Orders had already been published from the Adjutant-General's Office and from this office on this subject. Upon the receipt of your dispatch, I caused them to be renewed, and have enjoined upon all quartermasters of this army to make use of all forage and other supplies which they may find in the country and of which they may be in need.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Asst. Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

FREDERICK, MD., July 16, 1863-2. 10 p. m.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The One hundred and fifty-eighth, One hundred and sixty-eighth, One hundred and seventy-first, and One hundred and seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Regiments, composing a brigade under my command at Washington, N. C., were, during the month of June, engaged at work on the forts and defenses of that place. General Foster, commanding the department, promised those regiments that he would send them home as soon as those works were finished. By the last of June they had nearly completed those works, when, hearing of the rebel invasion of Pennsylvania, those regiments asked to be sent to their State, and offered their services during the emergency of the invasion of the State. That emergency is now over. The brigade arrived in Maryland about the 10th of July, three regiments, viz, the One hundred and fifty-eighth, One hundred and sixty-eighth, and One hundred and seventy-first, having been one week at White House, Va. We went to Harper's Ferry, and from thence arrived on the 13th at South Mountain Pass, leaving the One hundred and seventy-fifth on Maryland Heights. From South Mountain Pass I was ordered here yesterday with the other three regiments. This morning, by telegram from Washington, the One hundred and sixty-eighth is ordered to Harrisburg, for the purpose of being mustered out, although the other two regiments were mustered into service at the same time, or a few days previously, but the muster not dated back. The other two regiments, if retained longer in service, feeling aggrieved and dissatisfied as they do, will do not good. I wish to reorganize two of those regiments, which I think I can do it sent home now, but if kept until August, I believe, under a sense of injustice, none of them will re-enter the service. Pardon me this long telegram. I do hope, sir, that you will, under these circumstances, let the whole brigade, at least the three regiments now here, go home together to be mustered out. I believe it will be for the interest of the service. I will send you by mail a copy of a circular I addressed to the brigade yesterday.

EVERARD BIERER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Please answer to Colonel Schriver as soon as possible.

