HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, July 17, 1863.

Brigadier General S. Williams,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Column en route. I have to report that the condition of both men and animals of this corps is physically excellent. Nothing is required but shoes for horses and mules, and this is but little felt. One battery is deficient 10 horses.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 17, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH,Commanding Third Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps across the Potomac immediately, by the Harper's Ferry Bridge, and across the Shenandoah at its mouth, and proceed up the Valley of Sweet Run some 3 or 4 miles, and bivouac for the night. The trains will accompany the corps. The march of the Third Corps and those corps that follow it will be along the base of the Blue Ridge, leaving Hillsborough on the left, passing through Wood Grove, Bloomfield, &amp;c. No other corps will cross the river to-night on your route, so that the bridge will be free to bring up such supplies of shoes, rations, and haversacks as your corps may not have received. A division of cavalry was sent forward this morning to Snicker's Gap. Upon reaching your bivouac, the commanding general desires that you send a staff officer to report the locality of your camp, and that you be prepared to move to-morrow to the vicinity of the Snickersville and Leesburg pike, near Wood Grove. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, July 17, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

Orders for march just received. Will start at 5, or earlier. It will be dark before the First Division gets to the bridges. The distance is 6 miles.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 17, 1863-3. 10 p. m.

Major General D. N. COUCH, Chambersburg:

I am informed that there are about 200 sick and wounded in the rebel hospitals at and in the vicinity of Williamsport. These officers

