
and men should all be made prisoners of war, medical officers excepted, and removed at once to Hagerstown. None but our own troops should be at Williamsport. Will your please give instructions to have this matter attended to immediately?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SANDY HOOK, July 17, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

Colonel WILLIAM H. PETTES,

Comdg. Fiftieth New York Vol. Engineers, Washington:

We completed the bridge across the Potomac at Berline this morning, piecing it out with about 700 feet of damaged bridge material, which we picked up in the canal and river here, and repaired. The material from Washington arrived this afternoon, and we have commenced the second bridge. Captain Personius joined me to-day with about 35 men. After to-day, my headquarters will be at Berline.

I. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, Sweet [Run] Valley, July 17, 1863-7. 40 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the troops of my corps are encamped 1 1/4 miles from the Shenandoah Bridge, near the road. My headquarters are on the left-hand side, and somewhat retired from the road.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 17, 1863-10 p. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say the order for the Third Corps to march at 6 a. m. to-morrow was given at a time when it was expected that it would be farther advanced, and he directs that the corps move to-morrow at 4 a. m., so as to clear the way for the Second Corps.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

JULY 17, 1863-10. 35 p. m.

General WILLIAM F. SMITH, Hagerstown:

General Couch has been requested to have the rebel sick and wounded at Williamsport, numbering some 200, made prisoners of war, and removed to Hagerstown or some other place occupied by our troops. Pending any instructions that Major-General Couch may give in the matter, General Meade desires that you will send a sufficient force

