
to Williamsport to prevent any communications between the rebels there and the rebel forces in Virginia.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 17, 1863-7 p. m.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Frederick:

The following instructions are communicated to you for your guidance:

The One hundred and fifty-eighth and One hundred and seventy-first Regiments Pennsylvania Volunteers and Voegelee's (Thirtieth New York) battery will be so posted as to best guard the depots at Frederick and Monocacy Junction. The section of Captain Rank's battery now at the Junction will be ordered to report to General Schenck at Baltimore. The remaining batteries at Frederick will be sent, under the command of Major De Peyster, to Washington, to be reported, on arriving at that place, to General Barry, inspector of artillery. The attached infantrymen in MacConnell's battery (I), Fifth Artillery, will be sent at once to report to Captain Martin, chief of artillery, Fifth Corps. The commander of the troops left in the vicinity of Frederick will be ordered to report to Major-General Schenck, at Baltimore, for further instructions. Having given the necessary orders to carry the foregoing arrangements into effect, you will rejoin these headquarters, which will be to-morrow night at Lovettsvile, Va. Please acknowledge. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS Army of the Potomac, Camp near Berlin, July 17, 1863.

General R. INGALLS,Chief Quartermaster, A. of P., 221 Pennsylvania Avenue:

The stores sent by canal have not yet arrived. The boats are about 12 miles below, and will probably be up to-night. The detention is due to the slowness with which the canal could be filled. I have ordered Stoddard not to ship any more grain until further orders. Have over a million pounds on hand not issued. The only stores now on hand are bootees and shelter tents. The failure in the arrival of the horseshoes and wagon wheels is not inconvenient.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Assistant Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, July 17, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I am informed that General Gregg encountered some of the enemy at Shepherdstown yesterday, with two batteries, and attacked, but was forced to retire after some of his men were wounded.

HENRY M. NAGLEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

