
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 17, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-morrow:

1. The Third Corps will move forward from its bivouac in the Valley of Sweet of Piney Run, and halt for the night abreast of Hillsborough.

2. The Fifth Corps will move forward from its bivouac near Lovettsville, on the pike, and halt for the night near the North Fork of the Catoctin, where the road from Waterford to hillsborough crosses the pike. These corps will move at 6 a. m.

3. The Second Corps will move with its trains at 4 a. m., cross the Potomac at Harper's Ferry, and the Shenandoah at its mouth, and march up the Valley of Sweet or Piney Run, along the base of the Blue Ridge, and bivouac in rear of the Third Corps.

4. The First Corps will move with its trains at 4 a. m., cross the Potomac at Berlin, and, passing to the left of Lovettsville, will take the Waterford road, and bivouac in the vicinity of that town.

5. The Reserve Artillery will follow the First Corps across the river by the bridge at Berlin, will pass through Lovettsville, take the pike toward Pucelllville, and will be parked in rear of the Fifth Corps.

6. The train of the general headquarters will follow the Reserve Artillery, and pass through Lovettsville. Headquarters will be established near Lovettsville to-morrow p. m

7. The Eleventh Corps, with its train, will follow the train of the headquarters, cross the Potomac at Berlin, pass to the left of Lovettsville, take the Waterford road, and proceed as far as practicable, bivouacking at dark.

8. If the bridge at Berlin should be cleared before dark, the Sixth Corps, with its trains, will follow the Eleventh, and bivouac near Lovettsville. With that object, it will move as near as practicable to the side of the bridge when the rear of the Eleventh Corps is crossing. Should it not be able to cross the river to-morrow, the Sixth Corps will cross on the morning of the 19th instant at 4 o'clock, and, passing through Lovettsville, will take the pike in the direction of Purcellville, following the Reserve Artillery.

9. The Twelfth Corps, with its train, will hold itself in readiness to follow the Second Corps by the Harper's Ferry and Shenandoah Bridges, and, with that view, will move as near as practicable to the Harper's Ferry Bridge.

10. The cavalry forming the rear guard will cross after the Sixth and Twelfth Corps. Great care will be observed in driving the cattle over the bridges, particularly over the wire bridge across the Shenandoah. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 17, 1863.

The following is the allowance of transportation and camp and garrison equipage established for this army:

1. For headquarters Army of the Potomac, including the chiefs of

the various staff departments, with their aides-de-camp, employees,

