
retainer, and camp followers, such wagons for baggage and supply trains, ambulances, spring wagons, extra saddle-horses, with equipments complete for contingent wants, and camp equipage as may be from time to time actually required, provided id does not exceed the allowance as established by existing orders.

2. For the headquarters of an army corps, 5 wagons for baggage, forage, subsistence, &amp;c. ; 1 two-horse spring wagon for contingent wants; 5 extra saddle-horses for contingent wants; 1 wall tent for every 2 officers of his staff.

3. For the headquarters of a division, 4 wagons for baggage, forage, subsistence, &c. ; 1 two-horse spring wagon for contingent wants; 2 extra saddle-horses for contingent wants; 1 wall tent for personal use and office of commanding general; 1 wall tent for every 2 officers of his staff.

4. For the headquarters of a brigade, 3 wagons for baggage, forage, subsistence, &c. ; 1 wall tent for personal use and office of commanding general; 1 wall tent for every [2] officers of his staff.

5. For each full regiment of infantry and cavalry of 1, 000 men, 6 wagons for baggage, camp equipage, &c. For each regiment of infantry less than 700 men, and more than 500 men, 5 wagons; less than 500 and more than 300 men (infantry), 4 wagons; less than

300 men (infantry), 3 wagons. For each regiment of infantry and cavalry, 3 wall tents for field and staff, 1 shelter tent for every 2 non-commissioned officers, soldiers, servants, and camp followers.

6. For each battery of six guns, 3 wagons for baggage, commissary stores, forage, &c. ; 4 wagons for ammunition; 2 wagons for supply trains; 3 wall tents for officers; shelter tents for non-commissioned officers, &c., same allowance as in infantry regiments.

7. The supply train for forage, subsistence, quartermaster's stores, &c., to each 1, 000 men, cavalry and infantry, 7 wagons. To every 1, 000 men, cavalry and infantry, for small-arms ammunition, 4 wagons. To each 1, 500 men, cavalry and infantry, for hospital supplies, 3 wagons. To each brigade, cavalry and infantry, for commissary stores for sales to officers, 1 wagon. To each division, cavalry and infantry, for hauling forage for ambulance animals, portable forage, &c., 1 wagon. It is expected that each ambulance will carry the forage necessary for its own team. Every wagon, whether in baggage, supply, or ammunition train, will cary the supply of forage necessary for its own team.

8. The chief quartermasters of army corps will be held strictly responsible that these allowances are not exceeded; that the means of transportation, &c., now in the respective corps be at once reduced to conform to the foregoing; and that all excess be immediately turned in to the nearest quartermaster's department. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 192. July 17, 1863.

* * * * * *

VII. The General-in-Chief having directed that the First and Second Maryland (Eastern Shore) Volunteers, and the First Regiment

