
Potomac Home Brigade, be left in Maryland, those troops will re-enforce the garrison of Maryland Heights, and Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood is assigned to the command of the troops and defense at that place. Brigadier-General Naglee, on being relieved by General Lockwood, will report for duty to the commanding general of the Sixth Army Corps. *

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS Army of the Potomac, July 18, 1863-8. 20 a. m.

Major-General FRENCH,Commanding Third Corps:

If you are not already on the march, the major-general commanding authorizes you to remain in camp, and allow the Second Corps to pass you, moving up and encamping in its rear later in the day.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, July 18, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Leave one of your brigades to act as rear guard, after the Twelfth Corps passes Harper's Ferry, to Hillsborough. That brigade will report to these headquarters after reaching Purcellville. With your other two brigades you will move to Berlin, and cross the river at the point, and then proceed, by way of Aldie, to Manassas Junction, to protect with your force the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Take your trains with you. You will be able to cross the river to-morrow evening. Report frequently to these headquarters. Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, Hillsborough, Va., July 18, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

My command moved at 4 a. m., and is now going into camp. Unless otherwise ordered, I will remain, and allow the Second Corps to pass to-morrow, as that is the spirit of you telegram.

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.

---------------

* General Naglee left the Army of the Potomac on sick leave, July 18, and, on July 25, assumed command of the Seventh Army Corps, Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

---------------

