HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 18, 1863-11. 45 a. m.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you of the following change in the order of movement of troops to-day: Buford's division of cavalry will cross by the bridges at Berlin immediately after the train of the headquarters of the army, and the Eleventh Corps will follow Buford's cavalry. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 18, 1863.

Movements ordered for the 19th instant: The Third Corps, followed by the Second Corps, will move to the vicinity of Wood Grove. The Fifth Corps, followed by the Reserve Artillery, will move to the vicinity of Purcellville. The First Corps will move to the vicinity of Hamilton. Headquarters will be established in the vicinity of the crossing of the Lovettsville and Purcellville pike, by the road from Waterford to Hillsborough. These movements will be commenced at 6. 30 a. m., precisely. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 18, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Major-General Howard will cross the river at Berlin at 4 a. m. tomorrow, the 19th instant; take the route assigned his corps in the order of march issued last night, and camp near the First Corps, which will move to the vicinity of Hamilton. Major-General Slocum will cross with the Twelfth Corps and trains by the Harper's Ferry and Shenandoah Bridges at 4 a. m. to-morrow, move up the Valley of Sweet or Piney Run, and encamp in the rear of the Second Corps, about a mile from Wood Grove. Major-General Sedgwick will follow the Eleventh Corps, crossing at Berlin; will pass through Lovettsville, taking the pike to Purcellville, and camp in the rear of the Fifth Corps and Reserve Artillery, which will move to the vicinity of Purcellville. Headquarters will be established near the Lovettsville and Purcellville pike, where crossed by the road from Waterford to Hillsborough. By order of Major-General Meade:

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

46 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

