
teers, commanding: Fourth Delaware Volunteers, and One hundred and sixty-sixth, One hundred and seventy-eighth, and One hundred and seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Drafted Militia. Cavalry. -Colonel Lowell, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding: Second Massachusetts Cavalry; detachment Sixth New York Cavalry, Major Hall.

Artillery. -Seventeenth New York Battery, Lieutenant H. E. Sickles, commanding.

* * * * *

[RUFUS KING,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, FORT MONROE, VA.,

No. 1. July 18, 1863.

In conformity with the assignment of the President of the United States, I hereby assume command of the Department of Virginia, in addition to that of North Carolina. All orders and regulations established in Virginia by Major-General Dix will remain in force until further orders.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., July 18, 1863-2 p. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have the honor to report that I arrived this morning and took command. I have reviewed and inspected the troops and forts to-day, and intend to go to Yorktown to-night, inspect that place, and return to Norfolk to-morrow. The following day I propose to inspect the defenses, and arrange for an offensive movement. On the following day, Tuesday, I hope to be able to return to New Berne, to organize a co-operating force. A cavalry force started on a second raid on the Weldon and Wilmington Railroad from New Berne this morning. This force will traverse a circuit of 200 miles, and will, I hope, do much damage.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 19, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Commanding Officer Sixth Corps: By direction of the major-general commanding, the orders of march for to-day are so far modified that the Sixth Corps will halt and encamp at the crossing of the Lovettsville and Purcellville pike, by the Waterford and Hillsborough, road, where the Fifth Corps were encamped last. The trains of the Sixth Corps will not pass the site of the present headquarters of the army until after the headquarters

