
train has passed. I will follow the troops of the Sixth Corps, and pass them at the point indicated for the camp of the Sixth Corps tonight. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Harper's Ferry, July 19, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

The troops of the Twelfth Corps were all across before 9 o'clock. About one-half of the wagon train is now across, and the rest of the train is moving across without interruption.

J. C. BATES,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, Wood Grove, Va., July 19, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The hours prescribed for the march of my corps for the 17th, 18th, and 19th were punctually complied with.

The column of infantry, artillery, and supply train, closed up, occupies nearly 6 miles en route. The Second Corps has cut my supply train on the march from Harper's Ferry, and the commander of the head of its column, General Caldwell, has been reported to me as striking with his saber two teamsters of the Third Corps, and arresting a wagon-master. This morning General Hays sent word that if my trains was not out of the way, he would march through it.

I have followed other corps, and waited in rear of their trains with patience and also with confidence that the commanding officer in advance was doing his duty. I claim the same for myself now, and respectfully request that general officers be directed to communicate with corps commanders before cutting off their supplies, and, as in the first instance, kept my command engaged, after a tedious march, drawing supplies during the night. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. FRENCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, July 19, 1863.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to report that my troops are in camp near Hillsborough, about 8 miles from Harper's Ferry. I came up with the trains of the Second Corps about 8 o'clock this morning, and, after

