
keeping my troops in the road until 4 p. m., without any prospect of getting farther, I went into camp. I think it will not be safe for wagons to go back this way without a strong guard, as my troops were fired into to-day, and I understand several men of the Second Corps have been captured. I have met several wagons returning to-day without any guard. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers.

JULY 19, 1863-11. 20 a. m.

General H. H. LOCKWOOD,

Commanding Maryland Heights:

I am directed by the commanding to inform you that he will to-day leave the line of the Potomac, and that yourself and command will then fall under the orders of Major General D. N. Couch, commanding the Department of the Susquehanna, headquarters at Chambersburg, Pa., to whom you will look for further instructions. The Potomac is picketed from Williamsport to Sharpsburg by Colonel McReynolds, commanding (late Milroy). General Kelley guards the river north of Williamsport, and a portion of his troops have crossed at Cherry Run. Colonel Franklin has six regiments of militia; one at Williamsport, and the other near Hagerstown. Colonel Brisbane has a force of 2, 000 men in the vicinity of Hagerstown. Colonel Wynkoop's cavalry was at Falling Waters last night. General W. F. Smith's headquarters are at Greencastle. Rebel pickets were opposite Williamsport last night. The surplus stores that may remain at Berlin will be sent to Sandy Hook for the use of your command.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 19, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Major General D. N. COUCH, Chambersburg:

As I shall leave the line of the Potomac to-day, and thus be separated from communication with Harper's Ferry, I request that you will assume command of the troops at Maryland Heights and vicinity. These troops number about 4, 000 men, and are under the command of Brigadier-General Lockwood, who has been directed to look to you for further instructions. If, however, you desire that General Schenck should command at that point, you can arrange for it, through the General-in-Chief. I have broken up the depots at Frederick, and surplus stores left at Berlin will be sent to Sandy Hook for the use of the command at Maryland Heights. You can supply the troops at Hagerstown and Williamsport, while railroad communication with the former place is interrupted, by the way of

Frederick. GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

