
CHERRY RUN, VA., July 19, 1863-5 p. m. (Received 9 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

A young man, formerly of Martinsburg, and member of Wise Battery, deserted last night at 8 o'clock, and has just arrived at my camp. He says Lee's forces are encamped at or near Bunker Hill, and that Lee is there himself. Ewell's corps is 4 miles out on the Martinsburg road. Hampton's brigade is in or near Martinsburg. General Averell is skirmishing sharply with him to-day, and has taken several prisoners.

The young man says it was said in camp before he left that the army would commence intrenching to-day. This, however, was only camp rumor. His other information is unquestionably reliable, as it is corroborated by other deserters, by citizens, and by Captain Greenfield, who is now on scout up Back Creek to Shanghai.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Meade.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 19, 1863.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Cherry Run, W. Va.:

No definite intelligence of Lee's position. Meade's cavalry, sent in pursuit, report that he was moving on Winchester. Scouts out in all directions, but none have as yet reported.

GEO. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

HEDGESVILLE. VA., July 19, 1863-6 p. m., Via CHERRY RUN, VA., 8. 25 p. m.

(Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

Since my dispatch of 5 p. m., a reliable Union citizen has come in direct from Bunker Hill, and confirms the information therein given. He says that a large wagon train left camp yesterday in the direction of Berryville, but no troops had gone up to 10 a. m. yesterday, when he left. He states that Jeff. Davis arrived at Lee's headquarters a day or two since, and is there yet.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

ANNADALE, via ALEXANDRIA, July 19, 1863. (Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Defenses:

COLONEL: The headquarters are here to-night. To-morrow we shall move to Fairfax Court-House, and probably as far as Centre-

