
ville. The railroad is reported in good running order to Bull Run, and possibly to Manassas Junction. A train, with infantry guard, was sent out to-day, to go as far as the road was in order. Our cavalry started from Centreville for Wolf Run Shoals this morning, and are expected back to-night. We can hear of no enemy in our front.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES (LATE MILROY'S DIVISION), Sharpsburg, Md., July 19, 1863.

General LOCKWOOD:

I beg to inform you that the rebel infantry have all disappeared from the vicinity of Shepherdstown. A portion of Stuart's immediate cavalry command have fallen back toward the Potomac, looking to a concentration of cavalry and artillery for some purpose, most probably another raid on this side of the river.

Stuart, Fitzhugh Lee, and Jenkins were all in Shepherdstown yesterday, and their command are occupying three distinct points, but a few miles apart; one some 3 miles in rear of Shepherdstown; another at a point called the cross-roads, about 5 milles out; and the third still nearer Martinsburg; but all within easy massing distance. My line is well covered. No movement can be made in this direction without my being early apprised of it. I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant, A. T. McREYNOLDS, Colonel First New York Cavalry, Commanding. (Copy to General Meade.)

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, July 20, 1863-7. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Cavalry Corps: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the infantry corps will remain to-morrow in the position they occupy to-night, and until the information received from the cavalry renders it certain what the movements of the enemy are. The cavalry in the gaps should be informed that there is infantry close at hand, to advance into the gaps if it should be necessary. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 20, 1863-7. 15 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that there will be no movement of troops to-morrow, unless something should occur to require a change of positions. Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

