
that he has forces moving to the right and left of Front Royal, i. e., to Chester Gap and to this point. The advance of this brigade encountered, on the road to Front Royal, about 4. 15 this p. m., a superior force of the enemy's infantry, flanked by cavalry. The Reserve Brigade holds the west end of Manassas Gap. I will go to Colonel Gamble, who is with his (First) brigade at Chester Gap, as soon as the force of the enemy and his position in this vicinity are ascertained as near as can be.

G. A. CROCKER,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

CHERRY RUN, VA., July 21, 1863-8 a. m. (Received 1. 35 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

I arrived here with my whole force during the night, and most of my troops and all of my trains have recrossed the river. A deserter, who left Martinsburg last night at 8 o'clock, reports that Ewell's corps also moved from Bunker Hill to Martinsburg yesterday. I sent Major Gibson with his battalion of cavalry yesterday on a scout to a point opposite Williamsport, when I received the information of Hill's and Ewell's movements. A messenger was to cross the river and come up on the Maryland side. Have not yet heard from him. The Potomac is now fordable at all fords above Williamsport.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 21, 1863-10 a. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, West Virginia:

The Army of the Potomac is mainly in Loudoun Valley. Telegraph directly to General Meade. Copy of message will be taken for me as it passes through this place.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS, Chambersburg, Pa., July 21, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK,General in Chief:

Major-General COUCH, Chambersburg: I request that you will assume command of the troops at Maryland Heights and vicinity. If, however, you desire that General Schenck should command at that point, you can arrange for it through General Halleck.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

I have placed all the troops from Maryland Heights to Clear Spring under command of General Smith, at Hagerstown, but have no desire to interfere or command in General Schenck's department, and request that instructions may be given both him and myself in the matter.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

