
The Second Corps will move to Paris, near Ashby's Gap, and be prepared to hold that Gap, in the event of an attempt on the part of the enemy to drive out the cavalry and seize it. The Twelfth Corps will remain at Snickersville, and be prepared to hold Snicker's Gap, in the event of the enemy attempting to drive out the cavalry now there watching it. The Reserve Artillery and the Sixth Corps will move to the Rectortown Cross-Roads, where the Fifth Corps now lies, on the Ashby's Gap and Aldie pike. The Eleventh Corps will remain as at present posted, and be prepared to move at short notice. General Buford will hold Manassas Gap as long as possible, and, if practicable, until supported by the Third Corps. He will watch Chester Gap, and report constantly the movements of the enemy. Upon the arrival of the infantry at White Plains, the cavalry now there will move to Warrenton.

Headquarters of the army will be moved to Upperville, on the Ashby and Aldie pike. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, Upperville, Va., July 22, 1863-7 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I have just learned from a prisoner, captured on the mountain near Ashby's Gap by my men, that Hood's division passed Millwood yesterday morning at 8 o'clock on the march to Front Royal, where they were to cross the river. It was their intention to cross at the ford opposite Ashby's Gap, but learning for the first time that we held the Gap, they changed their intention, and proceeded to Front Royal. There is no doubt as to the truth of this statement, I saw the prisoner's pass to visit his mother, residing near Upperville, and remain two days. He had it signed by all officers up to the general commanding division, who told him he would sign it as soon as they crossed the river (at Millwood). The prisoner belongs to the Fourth Texas. He says their pontoons are laid across the river at Front Royal. Their army has been lying for several days in the vicinity of Bunker Hill. He saw several other corps there. His division passed a large body of cavalry camped in the woods between Millwood and Berryville, but cannot tell who was in command. Hood's division crossed at Falling Waters; marched to Millwood, via Bunker Hill, Smithfield, and Berryville. The prisoners states that the impression in the Southern army is they are going back to where they first started from, by way of Markham's Station. He reports a loss of 17 general officers in the battles of Pennsylvania. Hood was shot through the arm. I consider the above statement perfectly reliable. The man is very intelligent, rather elderly, and does not intend to reenter the service. I will forward him to corps headquarters soon. Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

