HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Upperville, Va., July 22, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General Pleasonton,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

One of my officers, from a position on the mountain, near Ashby's Gap, has been enabled, with a glass, to wee large columns of troops in the valley beyond, all moving toward Front Royal. An immense train was observed going in the direction of Front Royal, and afterward was seen going into park at Front Royal. I have directed my signal officer to take his post at the station referred to and will immediately report any information I may receive.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

SNICKER'S GAP SIGNAL STATION, July 22, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

A very large body of cavalry is going toward White Post; passed through Berryville. Some three regiments have halted, and are resting a mile out of Berryville. A wagon train is moving rapidly ahead of the column, with a strong escort. The regiments that halted are now falling in.

CASTLE,

Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Chester Gap, July 22, 1863-2 p. m.

Assistant Adjutant-General,Cavalry Corps:

I received your two dispatches to General Buford, and forwarded them at once. Longstreet's corps commenced passing through this Gap at 6 p. m. yesterday. I stopped his column from 11 a. m. to 6 p. m. with my artillery and dismounted men. He finally drove me back with five regiments of rebel infantry, and uncovered the road along the base of the mountain toward Sperryville and Culpeper at 6 p. m. yesterday, and the rebel army, with strong flankers, is still passing on this road. There is no doubt that the rebel army is pushing toward Culpeper on both sides of the mountains as fast as it possibly can, and I hope our army will act accordingly. Very respectfully,

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, July 22, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

Major-General Pleasonton:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from Gamble, dated near Chester Gap, saying Longstreet's corps and other troops are passing through the Gap in very heavy force, and taking the pike

