
tain the river cannot be crossed but by swimming the horses. From two intelligent young men who have crossed the river in skiffs to-day, to avoid being impressed in the Confederate Army, I obtain the following information: General Lee's headquarters were at Bunker Hill on Monday morning. General Ewell's headquarters were at Bucklestown on Monday morning. General Longstreet's corps moved Sunday night and Monday morning for Berryville, reported to be going to Front Royal. General Fitzhugh Lee's brigade of cavalry moved this morning from Leetown toward Front Royal, probably crossing the Charlestown and Winchester Railroad at Thompson's [Stephenson's?] Depot, and going by way of Berryville. The only force I can hear of at Charlestown consists of the Eleventh and Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, commanded by General Jones, whose headquarters are at Rippon, on the Berryville turnpike. This force pickets from Keys' Ferry, through Halltown, to the Potomac. Captain [R. P.] Chew has a section of artillery at Charlestown. The Sixth and Seventh Virginia Cavalry are reported to be picketing the Shenandoah River, from Shannondale to either Snicker's or Berry's Ferry. I understand from my brigade quartermaster, who came in with a forage train from Harper's Ferry this morning, that General Lockwood had torn up a section of the bridge over the Shenandoah River, and was about to move everything to Maryland Heights, as he anticipated a raid into the Ferry. The bridge had to be repaired to get my train back. I have my whole brigade train with me. Do we still hold Snicker's Gap? So long as I am here with a wagon train, that Gap should be held. My command is supplied with three days' forage and rations, to include the 27th. Very respectfully,

J. B. McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CAVALRY BRIGADE, July 22, 1863-7. 50 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: Clouds of dust, evidently from the passage of heavy columns from Winchester to Front Royal, have been seen this p. m. on that road. The enemy have a signal station on the west slope of the mountains, about half way to Chester Gap. Camp fires are discernible between Front Royal and this point. The pickets on each side remain as at my last dispatch. The fires are in number and extent about a division. I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. A. CROCKER,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

ASHBY'S GAP, July 22, 1863.

General MEADE:

The Shenandoah Valley pike is alive with wagon trains; several hundred wagons in the direction of Front Royal; four batteries of

