
artillery moving south on same road; a train of fifty wagons moving toward Winchester, at a point 6 miles south of the town. A column of infantry seen moving on the Strasburg pike, accompanied by a train of twenty wagons and ambulances. A goodly number of stragglers moving on road from Millwood, and in direction of Front Royal. No rebel camp are visible, excepting two or three small ones near Winchester. Heavy bodies of cavalry seen at and beyond Berryville.

HALL,

Captain, and Signal Officer.

MANASSAS JUNCTION, July 22, 1863. (Received 12 m.)

Captain A. J. COHEN,

A. A. G., Cavalry Corps, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

I have placed one brigade at Gainesville, to protect the Manassas Railroad. There is no water at Manassas Junction. One brigade will be at Broad Run, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. This will protect the bridges and Broad Run and Kettle Run, and can look after Mosby in the direction of Brentsville and the Occoquan. If it can be spared, McIntosh's brigade at Cedar Run would protect the railroad to Warrenton, covering all the bridges. Getting along well. Will get forage to-day. I have sent for clothing and ammunition. One regiment will be at Thoroughfare.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, HDQRS. Army of the Potomac, Camp at Upperville, Val, July 22, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following report has just been received per orderly, and is respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general:

BEYOND PIEDMONT, July 22, 1863-7 p. m.

Captain L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer:

* * * * * *

I moved by way of Piedmont, and reached Manassas Gap at 12. 30 p. m. to-day. At the west end of the Gap, I found General Merritt's brigade of cavalry, with one battery. Here the enemy, consisting of cavalry and infantry, are found. I was prevented by the thick haze from making an observation, but General Merritt, like myself, was of the opinion that the force at the gap was not stronger than one division, covering the passage of their trains. It is fully 3 miles from where our cavalry are to a point upon the east side of the Blue Ridge, from which a view is obtained of this Valley. Warrenton is also visible from that point. Markham, a small town at this end (east) of the Gap, to the other extremity, is a distance of fully 6 miles; hence it is impossible to communicate directly from the front to headquarters without an intermediate station. This region is infested by Mosby's men; they followed me some 4 miles this morning.

* * * * *

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PAINE,

Captain and Signal Officer.

