
We have not been able to find the station near Ashby's Gap yet this evening. Am expecting a report by orderly from that point. Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Union, Va., July 22, 1863.

[Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:/]

GENERAL: The following report has just been received, and is respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general: SIGNAL STATION, Ashby's Gap, July 21, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Captain NORTON, Chief Signal Officer: At 11. 30 a. m. saw a column of infantry (about one division), with two batteries of artillery, coming from the neighborhood of Millwood and proceeding in the direction of Front Royal. This column was preceded and followed by long wagon trains. Still farther west, and running parallel with this column, I saw another wagon train, apparently coming direct from Winchester, and over 6 miles in length. All were moving regularly and without confusion. Many of the wagons were United States. As far as I could discover, but a few troops have moved to Strasburg. At Winchester there are two large camps, regularly laid out; new tents, evidently hospital, as I could see no troops there. The earthworks around the place did not appear to be occupied, although over the largest one, northeast of the town, there floats a white flag, with what appeared to be a blue shield. I could find no cavalry, excepting a few in a piece of woods upon the opposite side of the Shenandoah, where this pike terminates. At 4. 30 p. m. trains were still moving up the Valley toward Front Royal.

J. C. PAINE,

Captain, and Acting Signal Officer.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS, July 22, 1863-12. 30 p. m. Brigadier-

General WARD,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will move forward to the support of General Merritt at daylight, taking the most advantageous position to hold the Gap. Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. A. TORBERT,

Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac, July 22, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered for to-morrow, July 23, 1863:

1. The First Corps will move at 4 a. m. to Warrenton, and take post in front of that town, on the Waterloo road.

