
2. The Eleventh Corps will move at 4 a. m., through Middleburg, White Plains, and Georgetown, to New Baltimore.

3. The Second Corps will leave a brigade in Ashby's Gap, which will rejoin the corps upon being relieved by a brigade from the Twelfth Corps, and move at 4 a. m. to Markham Station, on the Manassas Gap Railroad, at the foot of the Gap, and be prepared to move to the support of the Third and Fifth Corps. It will not debouch upon the Manassas Gap road, but leave if free for the Third and Fifth Corps.

4. The Twelfth Corps will move at 4 a. m. to Paris, and relieve the brigade of the Second Corps holding Ashby's Gap, and await further orders, prepared to move at a moment's warning.

5. The Sixth Corps will move at 4 a. m. to Rectortown, sending a division to White Plains, and be prepared to move to Manassas Gap or other direction at a moment's notice.

6. The Reserve Artillery and Engineer Battalion will accompany the division of the Sixth Corps to White Plains.

7. The Third Corps, leaving its trains at Piedmont, will move up through Manassas Gap at 4 a. m., and, if practicable, attack the enemy now moving through Front Royal and Chester Gap.

8. The Fifth Corps, leaving its trains at Rectortown, will follow and support the Third Corps in its attack upon the enemy, moving at 4 a. m.

9. Headquarters will be at Piedmont to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

BALTIMORE, July 22, 1863-4. 30 a. m. (Received 7 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

General Lockwood reports the whole body of the rebel army north of Winchester, and threatening the Potomac at Williamsport, if not at Harper's Ferry.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., July 22, 1863-5 a. m.

(Received 7 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

If Lee is keeping so near the river, as reported, what bold schemes may he not have? A prisoner of war, Colonel [J. Lucius] Davis, whom we had here two weeks ago, assured General Morris that Lee, if defeated at Williamsport, was determined to maneuver to get this side of General Meade, and come to seize Baltimore. I give the communication now for what it is worth. I did not think it worth noticing at the time.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

