
BALTIMORE, July 22, 1863- 5 a. m.

Brigadier General H. H. LOCKWOOD, Harper's Ferry, W. Va:

Keep yourself constantly informed of the movements of the rebels over the river, and in the direction of Williamsport, and report to me. Give notice of any attempt at recrossing.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, July 22, 1863-4. 30 a. m.

Colonel J. H. Taylor,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Our cavalry reached Broad Run, on the return from their reconnaissance, last night. They passed through Hay Market to Warrenton, and thence by Catlett's Station and the line of the railroad to Broad Run. Colonel Lowell reports that, with the exception of scouts, in parties of 10 or 12, and a party of 10 to 20 at Warrenton, he met no rebels. He found all quiet; no troops at Thoroughfare Gap. Cedar Run Bridge he thinks all right. Kettle Run Bridge, a small one, is down. The cars have crossed Broad Run. I have directed Colonel Lowell to furnish an escort for the provision train to Gainesville. I shall move the command and the headquarters to Centreville to-day.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHERRY RUN, VA., July 22, 1863-8 a. m.

(Received 12. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

The rebel cavalry in large force came within a short distance of us yesterday, but kept out of reach of our guns. I send cavalry across the river daily, and will keep the country well scoured west of North Mountain range, and prevent the enemy from procuring forage and other supplies in Back Creek Valley. The railroad will be repaired in a few days as far east as this point. I am ready to move at a moment's notice, and annoy the enemy's flank a rear, whenever General Meade's forces engage the enemy's attention.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 22, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore:

I have just received the following order from General Couch, dated July 20, 1863: Brigadier General W. F. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby placed in command of all the troops in Maryland, from and including Harper's Ferry to Hancock. This in-

