
cludes the whole of General Lockwood's forces on both sides of the Potomac. This officer, Colonel McReynolds, First New York Cavalry, commanding brigade, and Colonel Wynkoop, will at once report the position, condition, and number of their forces to General Smith, at Hagerstown. By order of Major-General Couch;

JOHN B. BIRD,

Major, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

This is accompanied by an order from General Smith assuming command, requiring a report, and calling for information as to depots, condition, &amp;c. I have just replied to General Smith, giving the desired information, and also a morning report, but concluding as follows: It gives me pleasure, as a matter of courtesy, to render the foregoing information; but presuming that General Couch had no intention of placing me under the orders of a junior, I reply only through courtesy. Besides this, Major-General Schenck notifies me that he claims jurisdiction over my command, and expects me to obey his orders. Respectfully,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 22, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD, Harper's Ferry, W. VA.:

So long as military operations continue on the Potomac, all troops in the field, no matter to what department they belong, are under the orders of General Meade, I know nothing of Smith's battery, and cannot interfere with any orders it has received from General Meade. Telegraph to him in relation to it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 22, 1863-10. 35 a. m. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

I have seen General Lockwood's dispatch to you of this morning. So long as military operations continue on the Potomac, all troops in the field, no matter to what department they belong, are under the orders of General Meade.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHERRY RUN, VA., July 22, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I crossed the Potomac at this place with my force, about 6, 000 strong-3, 200 infantry, 2, 500 cavalry, and three batteries-on the 15th and 16th instant, and occupied Hedgesville, Berkeley County, 7 miles west of Martinsburg. On Saturday and Sunday skirmished briskly with Hampton's brigade near Martinsburg. On Monday, Hill's and Ewell's corps moved from Bunker Hill to Martinsburg,

