
and a strong cavalry force was sent through Mill's Gap into the Back Creek Valley to cut off my retreat. It therefore became necessary to fall back to this point, and recross the river. I am ready to go forward again at any moment, and annoy and harass the flank and rear of the enemy, whenever I can do so without unnecessarily endangering my small command. Will you please keep me advised of your movements and whereabouts, so that I can act in concert with and subordinate to your movements?

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., July 22, 1863. (Received July 23, 1. 10 p. m.)

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

When General Meade left Berlin, he directed me to report to General Couch, commanding Department of the Susquehanna. I did. Subsequently General Schenck claimed authority over me, and directed me to report to him. This morning an order came from General Couch, placing me under the orders of General W. F. Smith, who is my junior, and General Smith sends me an order to report number, position, and condition to him. Of course I cannot obey Smith's order unless by special assignment. Please settle this matter. Respectfully,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

CHAMBERSBURG, July 22, 1863.

Brigadier General William F. Smith,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: I sent you yesterday a copy of a dispatch from General Halleck, which seems to settle for the present the matter of troops in General Shenck's department. If this officer has people on duty at Hagerstown, do not relieve them from duty, but let me know about them, if they are unnecessary, and I will correspond with Schenck. I want to find out as soon as possible how many cavalry companies are under Wynkoop. Please look after him carefully, and see that his horses are in order, &c. Kelley will probably act with you in case there is a raid. Your obedient servant,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 22, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General COUCH, Chambersburg, Pa.:

If you wish General Smith to command at Harper's Ferry, General Lockwood should be relieved. You have no authority, so far as I am aware, to place a junior officer over a senior.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

