HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,June 12, 1863-12 m.

Major-General STAHEL,

Comdg. Cavalry, Department of Washington:

GENERAL: It is reported by Colonel Lowell that Mosby disbanded his people near Middleburg. Have all the houses in that vicinity searched for arms and ammunition. Arrest all men known to be disloyal, and leave no horses which can be used by guerrillas. Do the same at and in the vicinity of Brentsville. By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 12, 1863-7. 10 p. m.

Major-General STAHEL,

Fairfax Court-House:

It is important that the country beyond Bull Run Mountains, and toward New Baltimore, Salem, Middleburg, &amp;c., should be thoroughly scouted and watched. Can you send us any news from there? Please keep me informed of all you have by telegraph, and General Pleasonton, at Warrenton Junction. What force is there at Manassas Junction?

JOSEPH HOOKER.

(Copies to Major-Generals Halleck and Heintzeman.)

------------

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., June 12, 1863-9 p. m.

(Passed through War Dept., 8. 30 a. m., June 13.)

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

In reply to your telegram of 7. 10 this p. m., I would most respectfully state that I have scouting parties in the following directions, viz: One to scout beyond the Bull Run Mountains, to New Baltimore, Salem, Middleburg, Upperville, and the surrounding country; another to Dranesville and Leesburg, and from there to the Blue Ridge. A third I sent to the Shenandoah Valley, which has crossed at Front Royal, and arrived at Winchester a few days ago; the report of which last-mentioned party I communicated personally to General Pleasonton. This force, I expect, will return here by to-night or to-morrow morning. As soon as I receive any information from any of these paries, I shall take pleasure in communicating it to you,, as well as any other information which I may obtain. Up to the latest information, there is no enemy this side of the Blue Ridge, excepting White's and Mosby's guerrillas. I have about 600 men at present at Kettle Run and infantry is at Manassas Junction and Bristoe Station.

Respectfully,

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

------------

