
HARPER'S FERRY, W. Va., July 22, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK, Baltimore, Md.:

Colonel McReynolds informs me that scouts from Martinsburg at 3 a. m. report that Lee's entire army was in motion at 5 p. m. yesterday, going in the direction of Winchester. Ewell's move toward Kelley was only a feint, as he fell back and followed Lee. Nothing at Martinsgburg but ten or twelve hundred cavalry, and but few cavalry between there and the Potomac; that the chief cavalry force had withdrawn toward Smithfield, where Stuart was yesterday. Those remaining near the Potomac supposed to be without support. My scouts to-day report increased cavalry force in my front, with what seemed to be two regiments of infantry-one in the dress of Union soldier.

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

[Brigadier-General.]

(Copy sent to General Kelley.)

HARPERS'S FERRY, July 22, 1863. (Received 6 p. m.)

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

I learn from Sharpsburg that Colonel McReynolds' scouts report a movement of the enemy in the direction of Romney. Their pickets were withdrawn last night from the Virginia side of the river, and returned early this morning in reduced numbers. Deserters report that they were provided with three day's rations last night. All quiet here; no enemy to be seen.

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

HAMDEN, OHIO, July 22, 1863. (Received July 23, 12. 30 a. m.)

Colonel STAGER, Washington:

Party sent by General Scammon to cut Virginia Railroad was compelled to fall back; Colonel Toland killed and Colonel Powell mortally wounded. Our loss, in killed, wounded, and missing, 65.

T. B. A. DAVID.

FAIRFAX STATION, July 22, 1863.

General HALLECK:

We worked our way through to White Plains last night, but found no forces there, and no guard beyond Manassas, where one cavalry picket from General Gregg's command had just arrived. The track was in such bad condition from grass and weeds that it became necessary to cut off all the cars, and the engine alone could not move excepting by placing sand and pebbles on the rail. The train from Alexandria to Manassas was fired into at Accotink, about 8 miles from Alexandria. Within an hour, about fifty shots were fired, as conductor reports, but no damage done. I will take a train guard, and send them out as skirmishers when we reach Accotink.

