
distant. General Merritt's brigade of cavalry is ordered to move up to you at once. He is resting at Markham Station. One regiment will be sent out on the Sandy Hook road. General Sedgwick is ordered to Barbee's Cross-Roads, where there is already a brigade of cavalry. The major-general commanding directs me to say that, with these dispositions, he thinks there is no probability of the enemy's getting on your flank or in your rear without your being apprised of it. So long as the enemy does not offer any more opposition than that you have reported, the major-general commanding desires you to continue pushing them, and, when the cavalry joins you, to do so with more rapidity. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Linden, July 23, 1863-3 p. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

Upon reaching this place, the major-general commanding directs that you post your corps so as to be able to move forward to support General French in this Gap, if it should be necessary, and at the same time to guard the road leading to this point from Chester Gap (distant 5 miles), and be able to move along that road in the direction of Chester Gap. A regiment of cavalry will be sent out on that road as soon as General Merritt's brigade returns to the front. Very respectfully, &c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION, July 23, 1863-5. 45 p. m

General MEADE:

General French's skirmishers only have been engaged. The enemy shows about 5, 000 men and eight guns in line about a mile in front of General French's main body. Their position is a poor one, in an open field. These may be reserves. General French's troops are not advancing.

G. K. WARREN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, Amissville, July 23, 1863-6. 30 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

My command took possession of this place at 5 p. m. without meeting any resistance whatever. One mile from this point, in the direction of Gaines' Cross-Roads, my advance guard captured 100 head of sheep and 25 head of cattle, which were being driven off by 12 rebel soldier; the latter made their escape. I captured 2 stragglers

48 R R-VOL XXVII PT III

