
Railroad as far as Bull Run, and also through the country between this point and the Ridge. They will be instructed to watch narrowly all suspected persons, and to look out especially for the guerrillas who make up Mosby's gang. I have not force enough at my command to make the reconnaissance you wish toward Culpeper, but I have sent a copy of your message to General Gregg, who is at Bristoe with a brigade of cavalry, and requested him to do it.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, July 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG:

Your dispatch is received. I will communicate with General Halleck, and arrange to have the railroad bridge guarded by infantry. The protection of the railroad requires that the gaps of the Blue Ridge and fords of the Occoquan be carefully guarded. If your force be insufficient for this service, it should be performed by others. If you make a reconnaissance to Culpeper, please inform me as early as practicable of the condition of the road and bridges. If any bridges are destroyed, we will at once, on being advised, take measures to reconstruct them.

H. HAUPT,

Brigadier-General.

CENTREVILLE, Via MANASSAS, July 23, 1863.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Corcoran's brigade, the artillery, cavalry, and the headquarters are here. The Fourth Delaware is at Fairfax Station. All quiet in our front. A resident of Thoroughfare Gap, who came into our lines this morning, says that he heard the drums of Meade's army between Middleburg and White Plains yesterday; also, that Lee had passed on toward Culpeper. Small parties of bush whackers are reported on some of the roads hereabouts. I sent cavalry out at dawn this morning to look after them.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General.

CENTREVILLE, July 23, 1863.

General INGALLS,

Numbers 221 Pennsylvania Avenue:

I shall now proceed to Fairfax Station and await orders. I left one brigade of cavalry, under Colonel Huey, Gregg's division, at Gainesville. I turned him over 35, 000 rations, but he needs forage for 2, 000 horses immediately. General Gregg was at Bristoe Station. Huey is picketing to Thoroughfare Gap and New Baltimore. Lieutenant [Frank M.] Kelley sent an orderly from White Plains-time 6 p. m. -yesterday, with intelligence that he was there, with some cavalry, to escort you to headquarters at Union; that no troops were at White Plains; Buford was at Salem; Pleasonton at Upperville. An engine run out to Broad Run on Gap railroad yesterday; saw no

