
troops, Two hundred men were working on the railroad from Manassas Gap to Gainesville, clearing away the grass. I do not think I have exposed my train, having had large cavalry escort all the time, and camping one night by a division and the other by a brigade of cavalry. I shall be at Fairfax Station by 1 o'clock. The telegraph wire from here to Gainesville is in perfect order-not broken in a single place.

L. H. PEIRCE,

Captain, and Assistant Quartermaster.

POINT OF ROCKS, July 23, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

There are about 400 rebel cavalry encamped near Noland's Ferry, 3 miles from this place. They attempted to cross last night, to tear up the railroad. The river is now fordable, and, if you will send me one battalion of cavalry, we can rout them. Their business is to take all horses and commit depredations on the railroad. Advise me if you can send the re-enforcements, and when. I shall allow no crossing until I hear from you.

SAML. C. MEANS,

Captain Virginia Rangers.

HARPER'S FERRY, July 23, 1863-7 p. m.

(Received 7. 50 p. m.)

Major-General SCHENCK, Baltimore:

I have had the front scouted to-day, and find no one. The ironclad cars went up the railroad to-day as far as Opequon, and report the track in good order to that point, and that the bridge there may be repaired in a few hours. Please notify the president of the railroad that he may repair, and we will push on to Martinsburg. Cavalry left yesterday for Winchester. Respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, July 23, 1863. (Received 12. 40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,General-in-Chief, Washington:

In reference to Captain Mean's telegram from Point of Rocks, asking for re-enforcements, I have answered that I have no cavalry, which is the fact.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.

HAGERSTOWN, MD., July 23, 1863.

[General COUCH:] DEAR GENERAL:

I have been trying to fulfill your wishes and do my duty here in a manner creditable to you and myself, and, now that obstacles are thrown in my way at every step, will you please relieve me from this embarrassing position by ordering me elsewhere?

