
now beyond Martinsburg, in the direction of Winchester. I will move forward to Hedgesville to-morrow morning.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 24, 1863.

The following movements of troops are ordered, and will take place immediately:

1. The Sixth Corps will move, by way of Barbee's Cross-Roads, to Warrenton, and take position on the Sulphur Springs road, in front of Warrenton.

2. The Twelfth Corps will move to White Plains, via Rectortown, by roads north of Markham Station and Piedmont. The troops will keep as far as practicable on the sides of the road, so as to leave the roads clear for the trains. The corps will obtain supplies of rations and forage at White Plains, and move immediately to Warrenton Junction, by Thoroughfare Gap, and replenish.

3. The Third Corps will move to Warrenton, by way of Piedmont and Salem, taking the direct route to Warrenton from Salem, and will encamp on Cat Tail Branch of Cedar Creek. It will keep on the right of the road as far as Markham.

4. The Fifth Corps will move, by way of Barbee's Cross-Roads, to Warrenton, and take position on the Waterloo road, in front of Warrenton. It will keep on the right of the road as far as Markham Station.

5. The Second Corps will move to White Plains, via Markham, Piedmont, and Rectortown, taking the left-hand side of the road, its trains taking the roads. It will obtain supplies of rations and forage at White Plains, and move immediately to Warrenton, by way of Georgetown, and replenish.

6. The Eleventh Corps will move to Warrenton Junction, by roads passing to the left of Warrenton, and take position in front of the Junction.

7. The First Corps will move to Warrenton, and take position in front of that point, on the road to Rappahannock Station.

8. Corps commanders will move their troops and trains to the points designated with the utmost dispatch, making forced marches, and will obtain full supplies of rations and forage at the depots of White Plains, Warrenton, and Warrenton Junction.

9. The Third Corps will take precedence of the Second and Fifth Corps in moving out of Manassas Gap. The Second Corps will follow the Third Corps.

10. The commander of the Sixth Corps will direct the division of his corps and trains now at White Plains to rejoin him at Warrenton. The Engineer Battalion will proceed to Warrenton.

The commander of the Fifth Corps will direct his trains to join him at Warrenton, taking such routes as will not interfere with the movements of other corps.

The Reserve Artillery will accompany the division of the Sixth Corps ordered to Warrenton from White Plains.

The commander of the Cavalry Corps will receive special instructions for the movement of his command.

Each corps commander will bivouac his corps for the night at such point as he may select as best adapted to carry out these instructions.

