
BALTIMORE, June 12, 1863-1 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

What have you done as to pontoon at Williamsport? If the 400 feet has not been gotten form New York yet, there is enough of excess to spare from Fairmont to give sufficient length for Williamsport.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

------------

FORT MONROE, VA., June 12, 1863-12 m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The force sent from Williamsburg yesterday morning was 12 miles out last night, with an advance some 3 miles farther. The plan was changed at Suffolk, and a large force will be near the Blackwater to-night. A small force was to cross the Chickahominy near the mouth this morning. All these movements will be known in Richmond to-night. The first must have been known there last night. Can you tell me where Lee's and Longstreet's forces are?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

------------

HARRISBURG, June 12, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

After full consultation this morning, it has been deemed advisable to postpone for a short period the issuing of general orders, now ready, for recruiting regiments for three years or during the war, in order to fill up speedily the army corps for General Couch. If the organization for both should be started now, General Couch will be deprived of the best material in the State to make his force efficient, and both branches of the service be delayed. In a few weeks new regiments can be organized by transfer from the Department of the Susquehanna, and by enlistments. No doubt you will readily perceive this to be necessary to accumulate force here, to resist invasion, or cause change in the present supposed plans of the enemy. General Couch fully concurs, and believes the general service will be promoted by this course.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 12, 1863-1. 55 p. m.

Major-General COUCH,

Harrisburg:

The Department has just received a telegram from Governor Curtin, stating that-

On consultation, it has been deemed advisable to

postpone for a short period the issuing of general orders for

recruiting regiments for three years or during the war.

