
Headquarters for the night of the 24th will be at Salem, and on the 25th at Warrenton. By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ASHBY'S GAP SIGNAL STATION, July 24, 1863.

GENERAL MEADE:

The enemy commenced moving trains yesterday at 9 o'clock, and were still moving at dark last night and in great haste. All the trains (700 or 800 wagons) were heavily guarded by cavalry. Many of the wagons came from the direction of Martinsburg, and all took the direction of Front Royal. About two divisions of cavalry, accompanied by 102 wagons, and artillery. I saw but one column of infantry move yesterday. All the movements seen in the Shenandoah were south and to Front Royal. No movements of enemy visible as yet this morning.

JAS. S. HALL,

Captain, and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, July 24, 1863-6 a. m.

[General O. O. HOWARD:]

GENERAL: When I reached Piedmont, I found headquarters had been moved to the front. I came on 5 miles, and found headquarters camp at Markham, and Colonel Davis and others of the staff were expecting General Meade back every moment, he having gone to the front. About 9. 30 p. m. an officer came, saying General Meade would not return, so I went forward 4 or 5 miles more to Linden, and there saw Generals Williams and Humphreys. General Humphreys said he had no orders for you; that you were only expected to support the First Corps, but he desired me to remain till noon to-day, thinking there would be further orders then. The Twelfth was ordered forward in addition to the corps you know were here, the latter taking position to attack this morning. Slocum was to be up there early this morning. General Humphreys remarked that he wished you (Eleventh Corps) were up here instead of at New Baltimore; that they had found at least a part of Lee's army. I send my orderly with this from Markham, to which place I returned last night, reaching here about midnight. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. H. HOWARD,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. -The paper relative to the men to be shot will be attended to this morning.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 24, 1863-6. 15 a. m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send forward a brigade immediately to and beyond the right-hand point of the

