
wooded hill. General French reports that his pickets report that the enemy is gone from his front, and is retiring. The general commanding desires to ascertain if the enemy is in the direction indicated by the above order, and further directs that you push forward and occupy the wooded hill immediately, and endeavor to ascertain from the highest point of the hill where the enemy is and how moving. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Near Front Royal, July 24, 1863-6. 30 a. m.

Major-General SLOCUM,Commanding Twelfth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy appears to be withdrawing, and that you will halt your command where this dispatch reaches you, but be prepared to move at a moment's notice. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS REGULAR CAVALRY BRIGADE, July 24, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH:

One of my scouts captured a man who belongs to the thirteenth Mississippi, He belongs to barksdale's brigade, Longstreet's corps. Reports that the corps marched through Chester Gap yesterday and before. A. P. Hill follows Longstreet. Does not know where Ewell is. They marched through Martinsburg and Brucetown to Front Royal; destination, Culpeper. I send the prisoner. Robertson marches in rear of Longstreet's train. Scouts report camps to our left, one, Buford's, I think, and one, the enemy's, to his right. I have had no report from the main bodies sent out.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

[P. S.] - The prisoners I send by a guard.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Near Front Royal, July 24, 1863-6. 45 a. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy is withdrawing from this point, and that you will halt your command where this dispatch reaches you, but be prepared to march at a moment's notice.

Very respectfully,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

