
HEDGESVILLE, VA., July 24, 1863-9 p. m. (Received 11. 10 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

I recrossed the Potomac at Cherry Run this forenoon, and arrived here with my whole command this evening. I will send a force to occupy Martinsburg to-morrow, and will have the telegraph repaired through to Harper's Ferry as soon as possible. It is reported by my scouts that the rebel army is at or near Winchester; that Lee's headquarters are at Kernostown. Sent strong cavalry scout to-day on west side of North Mountain to Pughtown, to capture any forage trains the enemy might have in that direction. B. F. KELLEY.

Headquarters Army of the Potomac, July 25, 1863-9 a. m. Commanding Officer First Corps: The major-general commanding directs that you remain in position in front of Warrenton until the arrival of the Sixth Corps to-day. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Warrenton, July 25, 1863-11. 15 a. m.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you relieve the cavalry in guarding the railroad from Manassas Junction to Warrenton Junction, sending sufficient force to guard the bridges and patrol the road; that you supply your command as rapidly as possible, and report when it is supplied. Very respectfully, &c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, Amissville, Va., July 25, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

Without withdrawing my pickets, I moved with the remainder of my command to Gaines' Cross-Roads this morning, and have just returned and gone into camp. I met no enemy; found the roads all clear. Left a small force on picket at the Cross-Roads. Jenkins with his brigade was at the Cross-Roads last evening, but followed the rebel column during the night. One of my officers, who was slightly wounded and taken prisoners in our affair at Battle Mountain, made his escape from the enemy last night. It was Hill's (A. P.) corps that I engaged yesterday, Longstreet being immediately in advance of Hill. This is reliable. The officer, who was wounded, was in-

