
formed that Ewell had also gone in the direction of Culpeper, but by a different road. The trains went by way of Gaines' Cross-Roads, Sperryville, and Little Washington. From citizens and contrabands living in the vicinity of Gaines' Cross-Roads, I learned that my attack at Newby's Cross-Roads spread great consternation through the entire rebel column extending beyond Gaines' in the direction of Chester Gap. The enemy formed his troops in line of battle opposite Gaines' Cross-Roads, and made his disposition to resist an attack from that quarter. He remained in this position until 3 p. m. I was at the house where one of the rebel generals had his headquarters. The owner of the house informed me that, after remaining in line of battle until 3 p. m., he heard the general order one of his staff to cause the line of "skirmishers to be withdrawn immediately. If they were not, the entire force would be cut off. " The entire force moved off hurriedly and in great disorder. I do not believe any portion of their army will pass Gaines' Cross-Roads, or they would have left a force to hold them. If my command were in serviceable condition, I would have pursued them, but we have had no forage whatever for three days, not even wheat. The grazing is very indifferent. My men are out of rations. I sent an order to my quartermaster to load his train with forage and rations, and join me at once, but have not received them yet. I received a dispatch, dated Salem, 7 a. m., 25th, signed by Colonel Smith, a few moments ago. If possible, let my division have a little rest until we can forage and ration. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Warrenton, July 25, 1863-2. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you take position in front of Warrenton, on the Sulphur Springs road, about 3 miles in advance of the town, and throw out a division to the intersection of the Carter's Run Church road. General Sedgwick is in position on the Waterloo road, about 3 miles in front of Warrenton. The Fifth Corps will be on your left, on the Fayetteville road. Very respectfully, &c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Warrenton, July 25, 1863-3 p. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you take a position from 2 to 3 miles in front of the Warrenton Branch Railroad, and about 3 miles west of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

