
The Fifth Corps will be posted on your right when it arrives, on the road from Warenton to Fayetteville, with a division thrown out to Fayetteville, with a division at Bealeton Station; the First Corps on your left. A division of your corps should be advanced to Liberty. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Warrenton, July 25, 1863-3. 15 p. m.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you take a position some 2 to 3 miles in advance of Warrenton Station, and on the left (east side) of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and at such a distance from it as to be in proper relation to the corps holding that road, the First Corps, which has a division thrown out in advance at Bealeton Station. Very respectfully, &c.,A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON, July 25, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you take position in front of Warrenton, on the Waterloo road instead of the Sulphur Springs road, throwing out in advance a division at the intersection of the Orleans road. In the event, however, of your corps being so far advanced to the Sulphur Springs road that this order would cause you material inconvenience, you will not carry it out, but take position on the Sulphur Springs road, and post a division in advance at the intersection of the Carter's Run road. Please report immediately by bearer of this dispatch which road you will occupy the road which you will not take position on. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, July 25, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Scouts from the Rappahannock, just returned, report Wheatley's and Kelly's Fords guarded. Met a squad of rebel cavalry, about 30, on the Fredericksburg road, this side of the river. No positive information obtained in regard to the main force of the enemy. The inhabitants report that the rebels moved their sick and wounded lately toward Fredericksburg.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

