HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, Cavalry Corps, July 25, 1863.

Colonel P. HUEY,Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: As soon as infantry arrives at Bristoe Station to guard the railroad, you will move your brigade to this place (Warrenton Junction). Colonel Gregg's brigade moves this afternoon. Send one of your regiments here this evening to relieve one which he leaves behind. If the infantry are at White Plains, to guard the Manassas Railroad, you will withdraw your force from there; otherwise not. Yours, respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Vols., Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS, Baltimore, July 25, 1863-11. 15 a. m.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,

Harper's Ferry:

It seems that, under the authority given to General Meade to take command of all troops of any department which come within the line of the operations of his army, he still considers you a part of his command, and that General Couch is acting directly under him. You will have to obey orders, therefore, for the present, accordingly. Still, I would like to have reports from you. When Lee is disposed of, I suppose I may expect to revive my command, and have you and your men again. The order that you should report to Brigadier-General Smith was brought to the attention of the General-in-Chief, who promptly instructed General Couch and General Meade that you could not be subjected to the orders of your junior in rank.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 26, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Communication has been opened by flag signals from a point near these headquarters to a station of observation on Watery Mountain. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 26, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Commanding Officer Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you take a position on the road from Warrenton to Fayetteville, about 2 or 3 miles in front of Warrenton, and post a division in advance at Fayetteville.

