
The Third Corps is on your right, on the Sulphur Springs road, about 2 or 3 miles in front of Warrenton, with a division in advance, at the intersection of the Carter's Run Church road. The Second Corps will be on your left some 3 miles, with a division at Liberty. Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, July 26, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have reliable information that as late as the 17th instant no re-enforcements had reached Richmond; that 10, 000 men included every one that could be raised to guard railroads, &c., and the most of these were militia; also, that D. H. Hill only brought one brigade with him to Richmond. Further, that Lee intends pushing for Richmond, if he can get there. This last comes from secesh citizens near Culpeper, but was stated before he had arrived at that point. On Thursday last there was not a single soldier in Culpeper. Let us get off to Culpeper pretty soon, and I think we may yet gain Richmond before the month is out. Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]-To-day's paper states that the Chattanooga Railroad has been cut by our troops.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, July 26, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The Orange and Alexandria Railroad is ordered to be guarded as follows: Two companies at Cedar Run Bridge; four companies at Catlett's Station; four companies at Kettle Run Bridge; four companies at Bristoe Station; two companies at Broad Run Bridge; four companies at Manassas Junction. The One hundred and sixty-eighth New York and One hundred and seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers are assigned to that duty.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, July 26, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The troops are in good marching order; ten days' rations on hand; three in haversacks, three in regimental wagons, and four in supply train. Five days' forage on hand; will probably have more to-night.

49 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

