
A full supply of ammunition on hand; clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and quartermaster yet needed. Please acknowledge.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS [TWELFTH ARMY CORPS], July 26, 1863.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: In reply to circular of this date, I have the honor to respectfully report that my command is, and has been, well supplied with quartermaster's stores and subsistence, with the exception of some articles of clothing, which I shall endeavor to obtain here. As to the condition of the troops, I regret to say that both officers and men are greatly fatigued by the constant exertions of the last forty days. They have had no rest since the 13th of June, and, being constantly on the march, could not obtain vegetables, which I think they now need very much. In my opinion the command requires rest before resuming active operations. For further particulars on this subject, I beg to refer you to the inclosed report of the medical director of the corps. * My team animals are generally in very good condition, but the artillery horses are greatly reduced. As to their condition, I would refer you to the inclosed report of the chief of artillery. * The recent details, made pursuant to orders from the War Department, to receive drafted men, has taken from my command 90 of my best officers, whose loss will be seriously felt both on the march and in the field. I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 26, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General NEWTON:

Your report on the condition of your command is received. I have just sent an order by telegraph to have you send a brigade, with artillery, to prevent the enemy from destroying the railroad bridge across the Rappahannock.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

ALEXANDRIA DEPOT, July 26, 1863. (Received 5 p. m.)

General HERMANN HAUPT:

Numbers 1 train this a. m. found, when a mile and one-half east of Burke's, a rail taken out of the track and horseshoes on rail. Engine was reversed and brakes put hard down. Engine jumped the break, and with two cars passed over. Had it been rail on opposite

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

