HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va, July 28, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Commanding, &amp;c:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a telegram from the General -in-Chief, which was received at 5. 30 p. m., upon which General Naglee has taken the following action:

Seven regiments, numbering about 3, 200 men, being the First Brigade of Getty's division, and three regiments from Foster's detached brigade, are ordered to be put in immediate readiness for embarkation as soon as transportation can be furnished. A steamer (the C. W . Thomas) conveys this to you at 10 p. m., it being impossible to get ready a dispatch- boat sooner.

General Naglee is making every effort to secure transportation, that he may push forward the re-enforcements the quickest possible. I have heard nothing from Spear's expedition. I have no special news of interest to communicate.

Brigadier-General Meredith (of Pennsylvania) has been assigned to duty and quarters here as agent for the exchange of prisoners, vice Ludlow, who reports to the Adjutant-General.

I send your private letters.

Very respectfully, yours,

LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

July 28, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

Eight or nine hundred drafted men from Rhode Island have been ordered to Boston, for transportation to North Carolina . More will be sent as soon as we can get them. Gillmore requires re-enforcements. They can be obtained only from your department. Please send him all you can possibly spare, and report how many. They will soon be replaced. Time is important in re-enforcing Gillmore.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 201. July 29, 1863.

I. Brigadier General H. S. Briggs, U. S. Volunteers, will report to the commander of the First Army Corps for assignment to a division in that corps.

* * * * * * *

XII. Major General Carl Schurz, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed to Washington, for the purpose of executing the verbal instructions he has received from the commanding general, after which he will return to this army. He is authorized to take with him one of his aides.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

