HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Warrenton Junction, July 29, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: Allow me to introduce Major-General Schurz. In case the proposition of General Meade, which was telegraphed to-day, respecting the Eleventh Corps should be acted upon as desired, General Schurz would be left with an independent division. In furtherance of his own views, which he will present in person, I wish to say that the general has been prompt, energetic, and able during the operations in which I have been associated with him. Should you see fit to occupy the Shenandoah Valley with a small force, so as to co-operate with this army and prevent its occupancy by the rebels, I believe I do not flatter him when I say that General Shurz will not fail to give complete satisfaction.

As to the changes proposed-merging two division of this corps into the Second and Twelfth, respectively- they have my approval, as also the approval of the division commanders concerned.

We feel sensitive under false accusations, but, considering the existing prejudices in this army against the Eleventh Corps, and the great difficulty of overcoming them, we regard it better for the service to make the changes. The different corps are now so small that a consolidation is advisable. General Steinwehr desires to go with me to the Second Corps; General Gordon with his division to the Twelfth. Personally it will be gratifying to me to return to the Second Corps, but I do not feel dissatisfied with the Eleventh during the present campaign, and hope the changes referred to will not be regarded as a reflection upon officers and soldiers of this command, who have worked so hard and done so much to carry out every order.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,Warrenton Junction, Va., July 29, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to your request that I should put in writing the substance of my conversation to you about the removal of my division from this corps, and suggesting that, for good military reasons, this corps should be broken up and the troops composing it placed elsewhere, I have the honor to submit the following:

I brought to General Meade, from the Department of Virginia, immediately after the battle of Gettysburg, the first re-enforcements of a division of six three-years' regiments, numbering in all about 4, 000 men. I was placed temporarily in the Eleventh Corps. The reputation of this corps i this army is so bad that good troops are demoralized and rendered worthless while they wear its badge and form part of its organization. That its reputation is bad is patent to all. It is so from its disgraceful record at Chancellorsville, and not a clean reputation as Gettysburg; from its lack of discipline; from its unsoldierly education; from its great number of poor and worthless officers. The

