
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Numbers 62 Camp near Falmouth, Va., June 12, 1863.

I. The lax enforcement within this army of certain orders deemed absolutely necessary to keep it in a proper state of efficiency, and their consequent non-observance, has been brought to the notice of the general commanding. It is not by multiplying and reiterating orders that this evil is to be corrected, but by a knowledge on the part of all officers of existing orders, and a determination to carry out their requirements not only within their own command, but, as far as may be, within the sphere of their influence. This is as sure a test of capacity and fitness for military position as good conduct on the field of battle.

1. The crime of straggling, either in camp or on the march, is plainly set forth and positively prohibited in General Orders, Nos. 122, 155, 157, of 1862, Numbers 10, of 1863, from these headquarters, " and any officer of any corps whatever is authorized to order forward or arrest any straggler of any regiment in the army. Resistance to such exercise of authority will be t the risk of death. " (See General Orders, Numbers 155.)

2. Every commanding officer is required by Paragraph V, General Orders, Numbers 56, to send to the provost-marshal-general every citizen found within his lines without a proper permit, and the provost-marshal-general is hereby instructed to put every person so delivered, and every unauthorized person hereafter found within the limits of this army, to hard labor on the Government works or in the quartermaster's department.

3. General Orders, Numbers 134, 1862, Paragraphs IX, X, XI, of General Orders, Numbers 10, and Paragraph II of General Orders, Numbers 28, 1863, from these headquarters, forbid any soldier, teamster, or other person using a Government animal, excepting on duty, under the order of some officer competent to allow it; forbids cruel or careless treatment of such, fast riding or driving of such, and all officers, guards, and sentinels are required to arrest any offender. Hereafter the order required must be in writing, and ready to be submitted to the above-named officers, guards, or sentinels, for examination when called for, and officers giving such orders will be held accountable for their proper use.

4. Section 8, of General Orders, Numbers 10, provides for the necessary passes to civilians; hereafter all such passes will be exhibited to any officer who may feel it his duty to demand them. And the provost guard will examine all persons arriving by public or private conveyance within the line, and if not provided with passes from the War Department or these HEADQUARTERS, will send them without the lines of this army or employ them as provided in paragraph 2. When corps, divisions, or brigades are detached or on the march, all citizens and travelers passing near the column or camps must be arrested and examined.

5. Corps and other commanders are required to see that enlisted men are not detached as waiters or servants under any other circumstances than those provided in paragraph 124, Revised Army Regulations, and will strictly enforce paragraphs 125 and 126. When contraband ant others not enlisted can be procured for the service, the use of enlisted men should not be permitted, even by company officers. The services of all soldiers are required in the ranks. Corps and other commanders will require captains of companies who may have any men absent on such duty, to report in writing to the

