
any kind was seen north-of Hazel River, although scouts are daily seen by the citizens. Very little information could be obtained from the residents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,July 30, 1863.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Scouts sent out to-day report as follows:

Culpeper Court-House, Brandy Station, and Stevensburg being occupied by the rebel army; Longstreet's corps and Stuart's cavalry are said to be there; all fords along the Rappahannock guarded.

The scouts met the pickets at Hartwoord Church, the main picket being 4 miles this side of Falmouth. Stafford Court-House is reported to be occupied by a strong cavalry picket. A drove of cattle crossed Ellis' Ford this a. m. The Fifteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry is at Falmouth. Re-enforcements were expected there last Monday.

All the bridges on the Aquia Creek and Fredericksburg Railroad are said to be burned. The wounded which were lately moved toward Fredericksburg have been sent to Gordonsville or Richmond. A negro said that artillery was sent on the cars yesterday from Brandy Station to Gordonsville.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, July 30, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier General G. K. WARREN,

Chief Engineer, Headquarters of the Army:

Lieutenant O'Keefe, Fifteenth New York Volunteers, has arrived here with his train. He reports 31 pontoon wagons and 12 chess wagons, each with 4 mules in bad condition. He reports that they are scarcely able to gaul the empty wagons. For throwing a bridge here we will need about 15 pontoon wagons, to take the boats to the river. It is probable that we can raise mules enough for that. If a bridge is to be thrown here, I think the best time would be at the crack of day; and I would like to receive the order twelve to eighteen hours previously.

The block-houses on the railroad progress but slowly; will probably be finished to-morrow, Captain Turnbull reports.

If the pontoons are to be carried with us, a great many additional mules will be necessary. Eight mules are required for each pontoon wagon.

G. H. MENDELL,

Captain of Engineers.

P. S. -I have selected a point for throwing a bridge-below the railroad bridge. The enemy show nothing but cavalry pickets on the other side.

