
cannot unless we take the mules of the forage wagons of the party which brought the pontoon wagons.

Shall I march the battalion, or a part of it? Will we be covered by our troops? What is to be done if the mules prove inadequate?

G. H. MENDELL,

Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 30, 1863-11 p. m.

Commanding Officer Twelfth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that a bridge will be thrown across the river at Kelly's Ford to-morrow bight, and directs that you make every disposition to cover the operation and protect the bridge.

It is intended, as soon as the bridge is finished, that the cavalry shall cross . A division from your corps will follow, and occupy a suitable position to serve as a bridge-head, where such defensive works will be thrown up as may be required to perfect the strength of the position. Such working parties as may be needed to aid in the construction of the bridge will be furnished from your command. The detachment at Ellis' Ford will occupy that ford at the same time that Kelly's Ford is occupied by your command, which will also occupy Wheatley's Ford.

The defense of these several fords will be strengthened by suitable works, and the bank of the river from Wheatley's Ford to Ellis' Ford will be picketed by your infantry. Should you at any time need support, you will call upon General Hays, commanding the Second Corps, at Morrisville.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 30, 1863-11. 30 p. m.

Commanding Officer Second Corps:

Major-General Slocum has been ordered to hold the river from Wheatley's Ford to Ellis' Ford. A bridge will be thrown across the river at Kelly's Ford to -morrow night.

Should General Slocum at any time need support, the major-general commanding directs that you give it to him.

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 30, 1863 -5 p. m.

Commanding Officer Eleventh Corps:

Schurz does not oppose the proposed change of organization; it is only the modus operandi. His visit to Washington is to endeavor to have it arranged in a way which he thinks will render it less disagreeable to the officers, men, and their friends at home.

