
questioned, but whose reputation is dear to them, dearer, even, than life.

But while a change of corps relations is desirable, I beg to assure you, general, that there is no wish for a change in respect to the division, where every relation has been agreeable, and in each the utmost harmony has prevailed. Nether would we desire any change from our present corps commander, General Howard. I therefore venture the hope that it may be found advisable to attach this division, under your command, to same other corps, which may be assigned to General Howard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLAND SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

HEDGESVILLE, July 30, 1863.

(Received 12. 10 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

It is reported that Imboden's force has gone west into the Valley of the South Branch. If this is so, he will undoubtedly cut our railroad connections west of this. Will the General-in-Chief permit me to move back by way of Romney wit my command into my own department?

B. F. KILLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 30, 1863- 2. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Hedgesville, W. VA.:

You will take such measures for the defense of your department as you may deem best. Please notify General Meade of your movement.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in -Chief.

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 30, 1863.

The numerous depredations committed by citizens, or rebel soldiers in disguise, harbored and concealed by citizens, along the prompt and exemplary punishment. Under the instructions of the Government, therefore, every citizen against whom there is sufficient evidence of his having engaged in these practices will be arrested and confined for punishment, or put beyond the lines. The people within 10 miles of the railroad are notified that they will be held responsible in their person and property for any injury done to the road, trains, depots, or stations by citizens, guerrillas, or persons in disguise; and in case of such injury, they will be impressed as labored to repair all damages.

