
If these measures should not stop such depredations, it will become the unpleasant duty of the undersigned in the execution of his instructions, to direct that the entire inhabitants of the district of country along the railroad be put across the lines, and their property taken for Government uses.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 202. July 30, 1863.

* * * * * * *

VII. Pursuant to instructions which have been received from the General-in-Chief, four regiments of this army will immediately proceed to New York Harbor, and, on arriving there, will be reported to Brigadier General E. R. S. Canby. Two of these regiments will be taken from the Third Corps and two from the Sixth Corps, and will be selected preferably from Western and New England regiments. No New York or Pennsylvania troops will be sent. * The corps commanders named will detach for duty strong and efficient regiments, and will have them march to-morrow morning, in season to reach Warrenton Junction by 11 a. m., whence the chief quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation to Washington. The senior officer of the four regiments will assume command of the troops and conduct them to their destination, and immediately on taking command he will telegraph the strength of the regiments to the Quartermaster-General at Washington, so that the required transportation beyond that point may be promptly provided.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,July 31, 1863.

Major-General PLEASONTON, Warrenton:

The river rose over 3 feet last night; is falling again; has fallen about 4 inches. All quiet along my line.

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

JULY 31, 1863-6 a. m.

[General PLEASONTON:]

I have put 80 men across, and run off the rebels. A bridge can be laid in perfect safety. I cannot cross without it.

BUFORD.

---------------

*The troops designated were the First Massachusetts and Twentieth Indiana, from the Third Army Corps, and the Thirty-seventh Massachusetts and Fifth Wisconsin, from the Sixth Army Corps.

---------------

