HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,July 31, 1863.

Major-General PLEASONTON:

Captain Mendell, U. S. Engineers, has no orders to throw a bridge across the river. He has placed some boats at my disposal, to cross over some dismounted men. If he is instructed to throw a bridge over immediately after the rifle-pits are cleared, I can take my division across before 7 a. m. I cannot cross without the bridge, as the river is swimming deep, and dangerous.

Respectfully,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 31, 1863.

Major-General NEWTON,

Commanding First Corps:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that a bridge will be thrown across the river to -night at Kelly's Ford, and that, as soon as completed, the cavalry will cross, sweep up the river, and clear the country on the opposite bank of the enemy, and to say that as soon as that is done thrown across at that point, and such dispositions as may be necessary to cover this operation and hold the bridge be made by you; that, when the bridge is finished, you will throw over a sufficient force to hold any near commanding point that will serve as a bridge-had. The railroad bridge will then be repaired, under the cover afforded by you. Working parties to aid in laying the bridge will be detailed from your command.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

JULY 31, 1863 - 10. 30 a. m.

Major-General NEWTON,

Commanding First Corps:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that a bridge will be thrown across the river to-night at Kelly's Ford, and that, as soon as completed, the cavalry will cross, sweep up the river, and clear the country on the opposite bank of the enemy, and to say that as soon as that is done, and the vicinity of Rappahannock Station clear, a bridge will be thrown across at that point, and such dispositions as may be necessary to cover this operation and hold the bridge be made by you; that when the bridge is finished, you will that will serve as a bridge-head; The railroad bridge will then be repaired, under the cover afforded by you. Working parties to aid in laying the bridge will be detailed from your command.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff,

JULY 31, 1863- 10. 30 A. M.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that your corps be disposed as follows, viz:

One division to hold the Waterloo crossing, and picket the river from Waterloo to Sulphur Strings.

One division will be held in reserve for support on the Waterloo road.

One division will be stationed at Warrenton and New Baltimore, and will furnish the necessary guard for the depot at Warrenton.

The Third Corps will hold and picket the river from Sulphur Springs to the forks.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[P. S.]-The patrols and pickets of the corps will connect with those of the detachments of the Eleventh at Greenwich, and will extend to the river.

