HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,July 31, 1863.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I return General Howard's telegram. The enemy have no means of making a raid through Stafford or Dumfries. Small parties of their guerrillas are in that direction, but I have some 300 men scouting from the Occoquan to the Rappahannock and toward the places mentioned. The ought soon to clear the country of all disturbers.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Amissville, July 31, 1863.

General D. McM GREGG:

Major Young, Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry, just in from reconnaissance to Little Washington, reports that he drove about 100 of the enemy through that place . They made a stand beyond the town, but did not wait long enough for him to bring his force up to attack them.

Contrabands and citizens report Jenkins' brigade in the neighborhood of Sperryville. He passed through Little Washington day before yesterday, and encamped 2 miles this side of Sperryville.

The country between this and Leesburg is clear of rebels excepting Mosby's command and one company of White's men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS,Kelly's Ford, July 31, 1863-11 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that my command reached here about 6 p. m. ; found the enemy's pickets (Fourth North Carolina Cavalry) on the opposite side of the river, apparently about 100 strong. The Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers crossed the river in boats, and drove them away. The bridge has since been constructed, and a brigade of infantry now occupies the opposite bank. Two more brigades will cross at daylight, and such works as may be necessary will be constricted . One brigade has been sent to Ellis' Ford and one that was to cross the river at this point.

My command is in good condition, with the exception of the artillery, which is short of horses; every effort is being made to supply the deficiency. We have eight days' forage and ten days' subsistence on had.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

