HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 13, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Your two dispatches received. I am expecting scouts all the time; can't say when they will be in; that depends upon how far they have to go for information. Shall place a brigade at Warrenton and one at Salem, to cover our flank and give timely warning. I reported before that the enemy were said to have gone by the way of Sperryville. This would give them access to either Luray or Chester Gap. They would not go to Sperryville unless they intended to pass through which they can return to this side of the Blue Ridge. The brigade at Salem will then be in its right place to note such a movement.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 13, 1863-21. 40 p. m.

Generals PLEASONTON and REYNOLDS:

The General directs that you send a brigade of cavalry with a battery of artillery to hold Thoroughfare Gap and to Reconnoiter well out to the front; also a brigade of cavalry to report to General Reynolds. Replace infantry on the Rappahannock upon its withdrawal. You will for the present report to General Reynolds. The cavalry on the Rappahannock will have to come as far down as United States Ford, relieving Meade's infantry. Let the cavalry report in season to take places before dark.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------
HEADQUARTERS, Near Bealeton,June 13, 1863.

General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

I have not had any orders to relieve the infantry of Meade, but suppose your telegram sufficient. Kelly's Ford ought to be held by infantry and artillery. I have just sent you be telegraph an order to send out a force in the direction of Little Washington, to ascertain what the movements of the enemy are in that direction. You will, send the brigade to Morrisville, and picket from Kelly's to United States Ford, the reserve to be stationed there. You had better ascertain whether Stahel pickets Thoroughfare Gap or not. General Howard ought to be at Catlett's with the Eleventh Corps to-day. Have you heard anything from him? My corps has just arrived and camped in the vicinity of Liberty. Please have your cavalry pickets notified that they are there for the march. I may move it to-morrow.

