
As soon as General Burofd showed his ability to drive the enemy, and has soon as his columns had entered the woods in front of us, I ordered General Robinson's infantry to cross the river. This was a long time before the reception of your telegram to that effect From all I can learn, Buford is driving the enemy, which consists only of cavalry, with a little artillery. The firing seems to be 5 or 6 miles distant from the river.

(My staff officer, just in from Buford, says that he is 2 mile beyond Brandy Station.).

With regard to my position over the river, as long as the enemy do not mean to attack in large force, it is all well. I have about 2, 200 men over there, composed of Robinson's and part of the Third Division. Our numbers there are too many on too few. I propose in the morning reducing the covering force over the to a strong picket line. I do not write this from any apprehension of an attack, but to advise the commanding general of the state of the case. General Buford being in front would always give me notice of any serious demonstration of the enemy.

I desire to inform the commanding general that the railroad constructing party might have worked the entire day, there being no firing within 3 miles. I have telegraphed them to come up, and asked General Howard to order them up; still, they are not here. Thus the whole day has been lost. Buford's cannonading ca be still distinctly heard.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

John Newton,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., TWELFTH CORPS, Near Ellis'Ford, August 1, 1863.

Captain Thomas H. Elliott,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report to the general commanding that I arrived at this point at 10 p. m. yesterday, and occupied the ford and its approaches.

On the march, Colonel Ireland, One hundred and third-seventh Hew York Volunteers, was detached with his regiment to take post at Kemper's Ford, and to observe Field's Ford. No reports has yet been received from him.

I found the ford high, and impassable for infantry. One large flat-boat, used at the ferry, was un by my orders, and a small boat removed and placed under guard. The mil commanding the ford I find to have been loopholed for musketry and strengthened with railroad iron. A rifle-pit is also dug on the hill above the mil. These preparations for defense were made by our troops during last spring.

No enemy has been seen at this point since our arrival. One horseman and two armed men of the rebel service crossed yesterday to this side by boat, and are sill on this side. Five rebel horsemen crossed hence to the other side; one from Morrisville, named Lourax.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Geo. S. Greene,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

