HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, August 1, 1863-1. 37 p. m.

[General Humphreys:]

The railroad bridge builders, who could have been at work since daylight this morning, nave not reported here. I have sent to Bealeton and to Warrenton Junction, but have heard nothing of them.

John Newton,Major-General.

[P. S.]-Buford has gone to the front, and met with a cannonading. Robinson's division will cross soon.

AUGUST 1, 1863-2. 40 pm.

Major-General Howard,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that you have misapprehended the order of yesterday; that it was designed you should occupy the four points named with about a regiment each, from which several small detachments could be thrown out, and so posted that patrols between them could be made with sufficient frequency to deter bushwhackers and others from passing between them; that it was intended yo should still hold the points on the railroad heretofore held by you, the main force of the corps being posted in the vicinity of Warrenton Junction. j His disposition of your corps the major-general commanding still desires you to make.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. Humphreys,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Rube's Farm, August 1, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel Asmussen,Chief of Staff, Eleventh Corps:

In accordance with orders received, I have the honor to report that this division arrived at its place of destination at about 11 a. m. The order in posting the brigades was strictly complied with. Ten officers and 400 men were immediately ordered for picket duty, and the line is now established in accordance with orders from corps headquarters. The pickets of the Second Division, on the left, have not yet been posted. A staff officer of the Second Corps was in attendance at Hennington's Ford, and the line on the right will be perfected this evening. The picket line of this division is about 7 miles long.

Very respectfully,

Hector Tyndale,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 1, 1863-4. 45 p. m.

Major-General Slocum,

Commanding Twelfth Corps:

Your dispatch of 10. 30 a. m. is just received, and I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that yo are authorized to

