
August 1, 1863-10. 15 p. m.

[Major-General Humphreys:]

I have seen General Warren's telegram in relation to another bridge, which i wished laid on the left of my position, for the reason that the present bridge, as a military line of communication, if I am engaged to-morrow, is a mere trap, since I can neither re-enforce nor withdraw under fire, without great hazard. I cannot supply ammunition, nor make the movements arising from the varying circumstances of an engagement.

A bridge on the left would materially strengthen my position.

John Newton,

Major-General.

AUGUST 1, 1863-11 p. m.

[Major-General Humphreys:]

Captain [Stephen M.] Weld, my aide-de-camp, has just returned from General Buford, who is 3 miles beyond the bridge. The rebel infantry followed him 2 miles this side of Brandy Station. The infantry belonged to A. P. Hill's corps; how many are not stated. They had three or four batteries.

John Newton,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Rappahannock Station, August 1, 1863 - 11. 30 p. m.

Major-General Humphreys:

I do not think that I ought to withdraw from the other side of the river, with Buford in the position stated in the former telegram. I would like to have a division from the nearest corps, if in accordance with the wishes of the commanding general, the First Corps being too much distributed to expect much support from it.

John Newton,Major-General.

CENTREVILLE, August 1, 1863-8. 15 a. m.

Col J. H. Taylor,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Colonel Lowell goes to Washington to-day to report, as ordered. He returned from his expedition last night, bringing in about 20 horses captured from Mosby and all the prisoners taken by Mosby at Fairfax. The gang scattered in all directions, and thus eluded pursuit.

Rufus King,

Brigadier-General.

HEDGESVILLE, VA.,

VIA NORTH MOUNTAIN, Va., August 1, 1863-10. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General Cullum, Washington:

My infantry and artillery move up the Valley of Back Creek, and strike Northwestern turnpike a few miles west of Winchester, and

