
thence by that road to the Valley of the South Branch, via Romney My cavalry will proceed from Winchester, via Wardensville, to Moorefield and Petersburg.

I will drive the enemy out of South Branch Valley, and occupy it as far south as the Staunton and Beverly turnpike, if you approve. This seems a necessary measure, to prevent the rebels from enforcing the conscript act and procuring supplies in that rich valley.

B. F. Kelley,

Brigadier-General

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 1, 1863-1. 45 p. m.

Brigadier-General Kelley, Hedgesville S. Va.:

You will make such movements of your troops as you may deem best to check the operations of the enemy.

H. W. Halleck,

General-in-Chief.

HARPER'S FERRY, V. Va., August 1, 1863-7 a. m.

Major General H. W. Halleck,

General-in-Chief:

I have reliable information that Mosby and White, with 600 cavalry, were at Leesburg yesterday, threatening to cross the Potomac at or below Point of Rocks. I sent 1, 000 men last night to the Point, to return this morning. I have notified the cavalry forces at Sharpsburg and Winchester that these guerrillas may now be caught by a combined movement from this place, Winchester, and Washington. Had I any cavalry here, these fellows would not be so near here with impunity.

Henry H. Lockwood,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, V. Va., August 1, 1863. (Received 11. 20 a. m.)

Major-General Halleck,

General-in-Chief:

I hope it is not contemplated to remove the battalion of the Fourteenth [First] Massachusetts Heavy Artillery from this place. This command is absolutely necessary to the manning of the heavy batteries which constitute the chief defense of Maryland Heights, which, I understand, it is the wish of the Government shall be held at all hazards.

Henry H. Lockwood,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, V. Sa., August 1, 1863. (Received 10 a. m.)

Major-General Couch, Chambersburg:

Kelley proposes to leave the Valley to-day or to-morrow. His departure for proper department will leave the Valley unoccupied,

