
excepting by this garrison. I submit to you if the forces at Sharpsburg should not be at Martinsburg. Guerrillas are known to be in the Valley and in Loudoun County. White and Mosby were at more and Ohio Railroad in Frederick County. There seems to be a want of co-operation on our part, which enables this contemptible body of irregulars to exist notwithstanding the presence on our part of four times their force. Last night I was summoned to the aid of Captain Means, at Point of Rocks, by these forces. I am confident that proper active co-operation only is required to bring them to grief. Cavalry is much needed at Harper's Ferry.

Henry H. Lockwood,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GENERAL 'S OFFICE, No. 262. Washington, August 1, 1863.

I. The Fourth Army corps in discontinued, the troops composing it having been distributed to other corps.

II. The Seventh Army corps is discontinued, and the troops composing it are transferred to the Eighteenth Army Corps, under command of Major-General Foster.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. Townsend,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, August 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General Gregg, Waterloo:

General: General Buford drove Hampton's and Jones'brigades back to within 1 1/2 miles of Culpeper yesterday, where he found infantry.

Buford is now in front of Rappahannock Bridge.

A. J. Alexander,Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, August 2, 1863.

Col A. J. Alexander,

Chief of Staff Corps:

I have been compelled to move closer to the river than I wished, on account of water. The whole division is now within a mile of the bridge, on both sides of the railroad. The rebel pickets are within 1 1/2 miles of the division. Yesterday was a very severe day upon men and horses. I myself am worthless.

JNO. Buford,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

AUGUST 2, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

Major-General Newton,

Commanding First Corps:

The major-general commanding desires to learn the condition of affairs in your front this morning. No report has been received this

