
morning from General Buford or yourself. The disposition of your force and that of General Buford, and where and in what force the enemy is in your front and that of General Buford, the commanding general wishes to know.

A. A. Humphreys,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, August 2 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General Humphreys,Chief of Staff:

General: Agreeably to your instructions last night, General Buford was directed to take up a position covering the Rappahannock Bridge. I have not heard from him this morning, but all seems quiet in that direction. I inclose a report from General Gregg*, at Amissville, and also one from Colonel Huey, + commanding brigade at Georgetown. General Gregg was not aware, when he wrote, that Buford was across the river. Have since informed him.

No report haw yet been received from the pickets on the left. They have hardly had time to receive the notification that communication is established by telegraph with Kelly's Ford.

The batteries of horse artillery in reserve are encamped, and draw their supplies at the Junction.

Very respectfully,

A. Pleasonton,

Major-General, Commanding.

RAPPAHANNOCK STATION, August 2, 1863,

General Humphreys:

I telegraphed at 9. 20 a. m. the condition of my front. I have Robinson's division and Cutler's minus 400 on picket, and one regiment at Beverly Ford; also two Maryland regiments of Kenly's. Al these over the river. Kenly has not yet come up with the remainder of his troops. Buford is in sight, on my front. The enemy has cavalry only to-day. All quiet.

John Hewton,

Major-General.

AUGUST 2, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General Newton,

Commanding First Corps:

Your two dispatches are received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that your force on the opposite bank should not be withdrawn under the circumstances reported by you. He directs that you concentrate your corps by withdrawing the division at Bealeton, leaving only a guard there, and bringing to Rappahannock Station the greater part of the division at Beverly Ford, where a small force will answer. You may call upon the Second Corps at Morrsville and the Twelfth Corps at Kelly's Ford for support, informing those officers you are thus authorized.

A. A. Humphreys,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See p. 820

+ Not found.

---------------

