HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH CORPS, [August 2, 1863]-2 p. m.

Major-General Meade:

I have given no orders whatever to Colonel Devin. He arrived at my headquarters late last evening, and asked if I deemed it necessary for him to cross before morning. I told him I did not think it was. I am informed that he proceeded to execute his orders early this morning.

H. W. Slocum,Major-General of Volunteers.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier SECOND DIV., TWELFTH CORPS, Near Ellis' Ford, Va., August 2, 1863.

Captain Thomas H. Elliott,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the division that all remains quiet along the line of pickets of his brigade. Yesterday morning the infantry pickets of the Second Corps were those of this brigade on the Morrisville road.

A force of 50 men is stationed at Elli'Ford. At Mr. Royal's, one mile and a half below, is posted a detachment of 30 men, guarding a ford and dam; and the One hundred and third-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel Ireland, is stationed at Kemper's Ford, 3 miles above her.

The pickets of the brigade extend from a point about five-eights of a mile below here on the river round the camp to a point about the same distance above.

The remaining regiments of the command are behind the first ridge of hills from the river, in easy supporting [distance] of the ford, but concealed from observation from the other side.

During yesterday no force of the enemy was observed nor were any scouts or vedettes seen by our pickets. Two or three single horsemen were, however, noticed during the day at a distance from the river.

In the evening, Lieutenant-Colonel Peston, First Vermont Cavalry, with his own regiment and the Fifth New York, arrived here; in all, 300 men. He reported that he was ordered to picket this ford, and hence to United States Ford, and thence to Potomac Creek. He left early this morning, leaving here a detachment of from 40 to 50 men.

This morning two deserters from Alexander's (rebel) artillery battalion arrived her, naming been brought in by our pickets. They crossed the river about a mile and a half above here on a raft, and voluntarily surrendered. I send them to you under guard. They report two regiments of cavalry and for guns at Ely's Ford, 6 miles distant.

An orderly has just arrived with orders and a communication from you.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Geo. S. Greene,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

