
to be along Mountain Run, with General Lee's headquarters at Stevensburg.

The bridge at Kelly's Ford may be required at any moment, to throw over the Twelfth and Second Corps. Its head should be covered by a force sufficient to hold it against surprise or sudden attack. Maj Duane, acting chief engineer, has been directed by the major-general commanding to examine the locality, and determine upon the project for protecting the bridge. The major-general commanding desires that you will conform to this views in the disposition of that portion of your troops and artillery required for that duty, and that you throw up such works as he determines upon as necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant, j

A. A. Humphreys,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 3, 1863 (Received 10. 30. a. m.)

Major-general Humphreys,Chief of Staff:

General: The signal officer at Watery Mountain reports that at % a. m. the enemy's wagon trains commenced moving from Culpeper on two roads leading to Orange Court-House. At 6 a. m. they were still moving. From the absence of camps around Culpeper, it is believed that the enemy has left. The vicinity of Culpeper is clear of Camp smokes.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. B. Norton,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

Telegraph Operator.

Telegraph copy of this to Major-General Newton, Rappahannock Station; then return.

A. A. H [Humphreys.]

(Same to Slocum.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, August 3, 1863-11. 15 a. m.

Brigadier-General Buford,Comdg. First Cavalry Division, Rappahannock Station:

Send a brigade to Kelly's Ford to picket in the direction of Stevensburg and Germanna and Ely's Fords. The object is to obtain information of the enemy's movements. The officer commanding will notify Major-General Slocum at Kelly's Ford of any intention on the part of the enemy to advance in force.

Husband your forces as much as possible, and do not fight unless compelled to. At the same time, keep us fully advised of the enemy's movements.

A. Pleasonton,

Major-General, Commanding.

