HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, August 3, 1863.

Major-general Pleasonton:

The cavalry is still very busy watching me. If they wish to attack, I am prepared to drive them back. I believe they wish to reconnoiter, but feel that they cannot come any closer. They are now 3 miles from the river, and can't see it. There is nothing in front of Beverly. I feel secure, and if nothing but cavalry comes down, I can check them. We are all in good heart, and will fight, if necessary, although it is ruinous to horse-flesh, it is so hot. I am sheltering and resting as much as possible.

Buford.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, August 3, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General Gregg,Commanding Second Cavalry Division, Amissville:

The enemy is reported falling back from Culpeper, as per dispatch. Endeavor to get a reconnaissance toward Culpeper, to ascertain if this is correct. Avoid fighting when it is not absolutely necessary, but keep me fully advised of all the enemy's movements.

A. Pleasonton,

Major-general, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS, 1 1/2 miles from Ellis'Ford, Va., August 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Col H. C. Rodgers,Assistant Adjutant-general, Twelfth Army Corps:

Colonel: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the Twelfth Corps that I marched with my command from the camp nea Kelly's Ford yesterday evening. and have encamped on the main or river road, about 4 miles from the latter place. I was compelled to go a little farther than I intended, in order to get a suitable camping ground. I have secured a location quite favorable to the health and comfort of my men. It is an elevated position; water is good and abundant.

The infantry pickets of the Second Corps are connected with those of my Third Brigade on the Morrisville road.

The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York, One hundred and eleventh and One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, are stationed at and near Kemper's Ford. Their regimental camps are concealed as far as practicable, and the regimental commanders are ordered to keep strict watch for any movement of the enemy. The river front is picketed, as order. General Greene reports that no force of the enemy, no scout or vedette, was seen in front of his line yesterday.

The two deserters who come in yesterday and were sent to your headquarters, reported two regiments of rebel cavalry and four guns at Ely's Ford, 6 miles distant.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. Geary,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

