
over to Brigadier-general Kelley, according to the new boundaries of the Department of West Virginia.

H. W. Halleck,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MONONGAHELA,

No. 4 Pittsburgh, Pa., August 3, 1863.

I. The prompt manner in which the officers and men of Colonels Gallagher's, Porter's, and Bemus' regiments responded to the order which carried them to Ohio, for the purpose of aiding in the capture of Morgan and his band, is worthy of high praise. Their good conduct throughout that exciting campaign was the subject of general remark.

II. The operations in this department, since its organization, must be convincing to every man of observation that the plan proposed by the War Department for raising a force to be called out only in emergencies for its defense and protection is one that would save much trouble and anxiety in any threatened danger. Instead of the whole community turning out in an unorganized body, certain men would be called upon to repair with their commands to designated rendezvous; no time would be required for organization; the military authorities could know whom to call upon, and every man would know what he had to do. The attention of the community is, therefore, respectfully called to this question, and a cordial invitation is extended to all who feel an interest in it, to lend their assistance to carry out the project.

By command of Major-general Brooks:

[T. B. Swearingen,]

Assistant Adjutant-general.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Portsmouth, August 3, 1863.

Brigadier-general Naglee, Norfolk:

Unless otherwise ordered, I shall move Spear's cavalry and the battery of field artillery now at Bowers'Hill, inside the intrenched line to-morrow morning. To cover effectually the approaches to this front, I propose to post the main reserves of cavalry at Bowerss' Hill, at the crossing of the Deep Creek and Bowers' Hill road and the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad, and at Deep Creek. The infantry to picket the reads, from intrenched line to cavalry reserves.

Geo. W. Getty,Brigadier-general.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VA. AND NC., Fort Monroe, No. 3 Va., August 3, 1863.

The following-named officers are announced on the staff of the major-general commanding the department:

Brigadier General Edward E. Potter, U. S. Volunteers, Chief of staff;

Col H. C. Lee, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, provost-marshal-general; Lieutenant Colonel Herman Biggs, chief quartermaster Eighteenth Army Corps, Chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel John

