
McL. Taylor, commissary Seventh Army Corps, chief commissary; Lieutenant Colonel Louis H. Pelouze, assistant adjutant-general Seventh Army Corps, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel James H. Strong, assistant inspector-general Eighteenth Army Corps, assistant inspector-general; Surg. Charles Sutherland, medical department U. S. Army, medical director; Major J. L. Stackpole, judge-advocate Eighteenth Army Corps, judge-advocate; Captain William Coggsweel, Eight Infantry, U. S. Army, commissary of musters; Major John F. Anderson, senior aide-de-camp; Major Edward N. Strong, volunteer aide-de-camp; Captain Louis Fitzgerald, aide-de-camp; Captain George C. Gouraud, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Francis U. Farquhar, U. S. Engineers, chief engineer; Second Lieutenant Jasper Mayers, ordnance department, chief of ordnance.

The vacancies occasioned in the Seventh and Eighteenth Army Corps by the foregoing assignments will be filled by acting appointments.

By command of Major-general Foster:

Louis H. Pelouze,

Assistant Adjutant-general.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS. Germantown, August 4, 1863-3 p. m.

Brigadier-general Buford,Comdg. First Cavalry Division, Rappahannock Station:

General: I have the honor to send you a copy of a dispatch received from General Gregg at 2 p. m.:

Last evening I pushed a reconnaissance to within 2 miles of Culpeper. Sent a force over at Rixeyville also. Nothing seen of the enemy until the reconnoitering party arrived within 2 miles of Culpeper, when the enemy's cavalry was found in force superior to ours.

C. Ross Smith,

Lieutenant-colonel, and Acting Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, August 4, 1863-10 a. m. (received 10. 15 a. m.)

Major-general Humphreys,Chief of Staff:

General: I inclose two dispatches from Buford* and one from Gregg. I must object to General Slocum taking command of my troops when they have specific orders. If General Slocum cannot keep his own troops on the south side of the Rappahannock, I beg he may not be permitted to interfere with mine, or the cavalry will soon become so cautious and timid as to lose their efficiency. General Buford has, I fear, grounds for complaint in not being properly supported.

Very respectfully,

A. Pleasonton,

Major-general, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 835.

---------------

