HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 13, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Headquarters Fifth Corps:

Issue orders to Generals Sykes and Barnes to be in readiness to move to-night or early to-morrow morning. In view of the orders, all the trains of both commands must be immediately withdrawn and sent up to Morrisville, and parked in the vicinity of that place. Cavalry will be sent to relieve the pickets and watch the pickets and watch the fords on the withdrawal of the infantry.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

------------

PLEASONTON'S HEADQUARTERS,

June 13, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Two boys, who left Culpeper yesterday, state that Ewell, Early, and Longstreet passed through there day before yesterday for the mountains. Soldiers said they were going to get in the rear of Stoneman's cavalry and use it up. These troops were about four hours in passing through Culpeper. Soldiers thought the train and army about 4 miles long. The boys did not think any troops had passed before day before yesterday. Did not see or hear of any cavalry with them. Think the cavalry is still on the other side. These boys were carried off from Fairfax some six weeks ago, and are good Union lads, who speak the truth as far as they know. They are white boys. General Fitzhugh Lee was wounded in the thigh at Beverly Ford, and has gone to Richmond. Colonel [Solomon] Williams, of North Carolina, a great favorite, was killed. The troops moving had about forty cannon.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 13, 1863-2 p. m.

General PLEASONTON:

Yours, 11 a. m., just received. The general directs me to say it is fair to suppose the enemy will take the shortest line if coming to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. Make the best arrangements possible, after consulting with General Reynolds and getting his orders. Show this to him. Have you any knowledge of Stuart's where-abouts and movements?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------

BEALETON, June 13, 1863.

General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

Your telegram just received, inclosing one from General

Butterfield. You can say to General Butterfield that the shortest

line is by the fords above and below Rappahannock Station. Would

like to

