
to Washington and Point Lookout. Found an insufficient number of transports adapted to the removal of sick and wounded, of whom there were some 10, 000. Every kind of vessel that could be employed was used. When first informed of large number of unserviceable animals which Captain Peirce had at Aquia, Colonel Sawtelle had no vessels suitable for ferrying them to the Maryland shore. Telegraphed to ask whether land route was safe, and, when consent was obtained, Captain Peirce was ordered to send the animals that way.

Soon after, several large steamers arrived unexpectedly at Aquia from Baltimore and Fort Monroe, when sick and wounded were shipped. Colonel Sawtelle sent across to the Maryland shore some 2, 000 fine horses and mules appertaining to engineer department. When all the property and rolling-stock of the railroad were afloat, Colonel Sawtelle abandoned the place, by order, and proceeded to Alexandria. Parties had been sent out to bring in stray animals, and quite a number of horses, mules, and beef-cattle were recovered, and crowded on the boats and brought away. The horses and mules thus picked up were in wretched condition, hardy worth saving.

When leaving was informed that a few animals head been seen across Aquia Creek, near where Captain Peirce had kept his herd; directed Lieutenant Shedd to send a detail over the creek, and recover the animals, if possible. The officer in charge of the gunboats promised to send and recover all he could.

Colonel Sawtelle left with Lieutenant Shed two steamers to bring away his regiment, &amp;c., should it be ordered away, and to be used in transporting any animals he might pick up on the Maryland shore.

When learning at Alexandria that Colonel Root had orders to brig away his entire regiment at once, and knowing that Lieutenant Shedd would not have time to get these animals, dispatched a party of men with light-draught steamer to try to get them. Captain Peirce's report will show result. The animals seen were probably the lame and wounded that could not keep up with the herd.

There were none serviceable in the lon of 2, 500 that was started in these herds from Aquia. Colonel Sawtelle had no opportunity of knowing occurrences after the herd left Aqiua. Heard that General Hancock's corps picked up large number. Is of opinion that very few animals were entirely lost excepting the 185 daunt or that died in the slat-march, and those that the rebels led away from near able, or of much value to the Government.

3. Captain L. H. Peirce, assistant quartermaster, Alexandria, reports, June 26, 1863, as to loss of animals on the march from Aquia to Alexandria during June 14.

On 11th June, there were in corrals at Aquia 2, 205 horses and 32 mules, when orders were sent to ship to Washington an into Maryland all the horses possible.

There were shipped and issued from that time to June 14, 2, 166 horses and 128 mules, but there were received during same time 2, 137 horses and 441 mules, of which 1600 came on in the afternoon and night of the 13th, and included some 300 wounded horses from the cavalry, thus leaving 2, 176 horses and 345 mules on hand-many more than there were on the 11th of June, when the shipment first commenced. These 2, 176 horses and 345 mules were started in two herds on the morning of June 14, in charge of 18 superintendents, 182 herders, and one company (72 men) of the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, Captain Northway.

