
Island and the Nansemond are without crews, and the necessary guard against contraband trade is not provided.

General Getty is entitled to much credit for the unremitting attention incessantly bestowed on the construction of his intrenched line. The works, after the expenditure of immense labor, now rapidly approach completion.

I am most happy to close my report and my connection with the district of Virginia, with an acknowledgment of my thanks to the officers and soldiers of the same. They have promptly responded to all orders. They have my esteem and affectionate regard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Henry M. Naglee,

Brigadier-general.

A.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA [July 28, 1863]

Messrs. John Barnard, John Ackiss, John B. Bell, Malachi Moore, Clayton B. Ackiss, Will. L. Sanderson, John J. Burroughs, John Sanderson Henry M. Woodhouse, John L. Cox, John Woodhouse, William O. Mercer, John Morgan, and other,Of Norfolk, Princess Anne, and Currituck Counties:

Gentlemen:Before entering on any hostile or severe measures, let us endeavor to avoid them; and with this spirit I would propose a friendly an reasonable understanding for the consideration of all persons living between Drummnod Lake and the ocean, south of Hampton Roads. I propose that as long as there is no necessity for any active, legitimate warfare within the above limits, that there shall be a cessation and removal of all disturbing and irregular warfare, ; and especially as no possible good can result or can be expected from the continuance of a course of conduct which falls entirely and most heavily upon the non-combatants on both sides, and which you can control

I would further propose, that with an understanding as above suggested, the people within the district above indicated will be permitted, the people within the district above indicated will be permitted to sell their produce in Norfolk or Portsmouth, and purchase the necessary supplies for their families at the same places, it begin the Government of the United States, nor any attempt be made to cary information or supplies west of the line indicated.

Requesting an early consideration of the above, I am, yours respectfully,

Henry M. Naglee,

Brigadier-general, Commanding.

B

General H. M. Naglee,

Comdg. Department of VA, and N. C., Norfolk, VA:

General: The foregoing paper reached us on the 29th day of last month. It came by the hands of Dr. John B. Bell.

We are citizens of Princess Anne County, and, in replying to your communication, can speak only for ourselves.

