
ing to provide for the indigent people of this city provided we are permitted to collect the money to do it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Daniel Collins, Mayor.

G.

OFFICE COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE, Portsmouth, VA., September 25, 1863.

Captain W. C. Conrad,

Commissary of Subsistence:

Captain: In obedience to the order of the general commanding to report on the inclosed letter of Mayor Collins, of Portsmouth, I have the honor to make the following statement:J

The families at present receiving assistance from the Government in Porstmouth have, in nearly every instance, received the indorsement of the "city distributors, " or of Mayor Collins. In letters heretofore and now transmitted, Mayor Collins has recommended for assistance 184 families, comprising 572 persons. The "city distributors:, the recognized agency of the city government, recommend 300 families, comprising 889 persons. Thus, the mayor, in his own handwriting, and by his authorized agents, recommend 1, 461 persons for support.

Lest, however, even with the precautions taken, any improper persons should receive rations, I invited Mayor Collins to an examination of my list, and also wrote him a letter, a copy of which I herewith transmit, asking him to give me the names of such as were unworthy whenever he might hear of any. But three names have been give me by Mayor Collins in reply to this letter.

I am, captain very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MOSES A. HILL,

Captain, and Commissary of Subsistence.

H.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. 7TH ARMY CORPS, Norfolk, No. -. Va., August 1, 1863.

I. The following line is hereby established: Commencing at the mouth of the Western Branch of the Elizabeth River; thence, by Hill to the head of Deep Creek; thence, through the Dismal Swamp, to Lake Drummond; thence, to the head of the Western Branch of the Pasquotank River; and thence by the latter and the Pasquotank River; to Albemarle Sound.

II. Any person attempting to pass the above line will be arrested and severely punished.

III. Any person attempting to pass letters, information, or merchandise across the above line, and all interested with them, will be imprisoned and severely punished, and the goods seized, as well as all other personal property within this department belonging to all implicated, will be confiscated.

IV. Personas residing within the cities of Norfolk and Portsmouth, and Princess Anne County, will not be permitted to pass into Norfolk, Currituck, and Camden Counties, and those living within Norfolk, Currituck, and Camden Counties will not be permitted to pass north

