
of North landing River and Southern Branch of Elizabeth River and the canal between them, unless in pursuit of their necessary business, with passes of the provost-marshal, and no pass will be given for a longer period than fifteen days.

V. No boat will be permitted to enter the Western Branch of Elizabeth River, Deep Creek, or the Pasquotank River; nor will be permitted to approach the left bank of Elizabeth River below the Western Branch of the same; nor will be permitted to approach the shore between Craney Island and Big point, under a penalty of an immediate destruction of the boat, and imprisonment and sever punishment of those taken and interested in the venture.

VI. On or before the 15th of August, all steamboats, vessels, of boats of any description must be numbered and registered by the provost-marshal, who will require that they shall be kept at night at such places and in such manner as he may direct. An especial list will be kept for the registry of all permits granted to fishermen and fishing-boats.

VII. Licenses hereafter will be granted only to residents of the counties within the above limits, and all settlers will be confined strictly to the privileges granted to them, and will not be permitted to trade after the 15th of August unless the sales of their wares shall be regulated by a scale of prices determined before that time by a council of administration, as provided under the General Orders of the War Department, Numbers 27 of 1862.

VIII. Merchants will be required to procure stencil plates with the number of the license, in figures of at least @ inches in length, cut thereon, and with which they will be required to mark every package who shall fail to comply with the above. It is however, not intended that this restriction shall apply to small paper bundles made up for local use.

IX. Merchandise will not be permitted to be carried through any of the canals nor upon any of the water-courses, after in has been received at Norfolk or Portsmouth.

X. All wagons going south with merchandise, or coming north with produce, will be required to pas through Great Bridge, where they will be examined.

XI. Merchants when submitting their invoices for permits for merchandise will be limited to that required for their usual business for three month; consumers in purchasing from the above will be limited to the quantity required by their families for the same time; the above restrictions being necessary to prevent an accumulation of good for contraband purposes.

XII. Weapons of all kind, powder, and all items of a contraband character are prohibited, and will be seized wherever found. All persons attempting to introduce, sell, or conceal any of the above will be imprisoned and severely punished, and their personal property will be confiscated.

XII. The only currency permitted will be that established by the Government of the United States.

XIV. All passes and privileges at variance with the above order are hereby revoked.

By command of Brigadier General Henry M. Haglee:

Geo. H. Johnston,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-general.

