SPECIAL ORDERS HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA., 7TH ARMY CORPS, August No. -. 10, 1863.

The following is hereby substituted for Article IV of the Special Orders of August 1 instant, issued from these headquarters, viz:

VI. Persons residing east of the above line, and between it and the coast, will not be permitted to pass Deep Creek, the Southern Branch of the Elizabeth River above the mouth of Deep Creek, the North Landing River, and the carnal connecting the above, unless in the pursuit of their necessary business, with passes of the provost-marshal, and no pass will be given for a longer period than fifteen days, and then only to pass at Great Bridge or Deep Creek Bridge during the day.

By command of Brigadier-general Naglee:

George H. Johnston,Assistant Adjutant-general.

I.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA, Norfolk, No. 4 September 15, 1863.

The following picket stations are hereby established, and the following order will be observed by all picket and other guard duty upon the front between the western Branch and the Dismal Swamp:

No. 1 At the bridge at David's Mills.

No. 2 At the bridge at Fort Curtis

No. 3 At the gate on the main Bowers'Hill road, at Fort Rodman.

No. 4. At Deep Creek village

No. 5. At the gate in tho Deep Creek road, at Fort Reno.

No. 6. At the intersection of the Deep Creek road with the Portsmouth road, from the navy-yard, at the house of John Berry.

No. 7. On the main Bowers'Hill road, near the late camp of the First New York Mounted Rifles.

No. 8. At the intersection of the main Deep Creek and Bowers' Hill roads.

Other post will be established upon the railroads and at less important places.

No. 1. At Davids' Mills Bridge, the plank of which will be habitually removed, the commissioned officer commanding the guard will permit no citizen whatever, either with or without a pass, to cross beyond the bridge, and no soldiers will be allowed to pass excepting officers and soldiers actually on picket and other duty. No persons will be allowed to pass in excepting contrabands, deserters, and refugees, who will take the oath of allegiance, and an oath that they will remain within the lines until the termination of the war, and all of whom will be sent to the provost-marshal at Norfolk, under guard. The plank of the bridge at Fort Curtis will be removed at night.

No. 2. The guard will be furnished with an alphabetical list of all citizens, not exceeding one from each family, who reside between the creeks that pas at Nos. 1. and 2. They will be permitted to pass from their respective houses to and from Portsmouth by the nearest road; passing in on Tuesday and Friday and out on Wednesday and Saturday; but they will not be permitted to travel or be absent from their homes after sundown.

The guards at Nos. 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 willbe furnished by General Getty with alphabetical lists of all citizens, not exceeding one from each family, who will be permitted to pass only upon business from

