
their respective homes to and from Portsmouth by the nearest road,

on Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday, between sunrise and sunset,

and at no other time.

The railroad bridges at certain points will be removed by order of

General Getty, and no person whatever will be allowed to pass in

either direction along the railroads.

The pickets will arrest all persons who shall leave the roads and

attempt to avoid any of the picket stations, and all persons who shall attempt to pass to the front in violation of this order. No. 8. Colonel Dutton will station a guard at the intersection of

the main road from Portsmouth with that from Deep Creek. It will

be furnished with proper lists, and orders to supervise all travel

that may pass at this point, allowing no citizen to pass unless upon the list, and no solders without proper passes. All officers

passing without proper permission will be reported on the morning

guard reports, and to these headquarters through the proper channel.

All soldiers or contraband that attempt to pass without proper

authority will be imprisoned at Portsmouth until the following

morning, where they will be delivered, before it is relieved, to the old guard at post NO. 6 or who will turn them over, the latter

to the provost-marshal, and the former to the colonel of the regiment to which they belong, who will order them before a field

officer for punishment.

Any non- residents found within the limits of the above stations

elsewhere than on the way from his or her home to or from Ports-

mouth, will be arrested.

All passes will be taken up when the purpose for which they were

issued has been fulfilled, and returned to the provost-marshal at

Norfolk.

General officers may pass any and all pickles and guards; but if

they pass beyond the picket lines, it will be noted on the guard re-

port.

General officers will indicate at these headquarters their intention to pass to Fort Monroe.

Field officers will not pass beyond the limits of their division,

or their brigade where there is not a division organization, without

proper authority.

Line officers will not pass beyond the limits of their brigade without permission of the brigade commander, nor beyond that of the

division without the approval of the division commander, nor across

Hampton Roads without the permission of the commanding officer of

the district.

Soldiers will not be permitted to leave their regiments without permission of their colonels, nor to leave their brigade or division

without the approval of the respective commanders thereof.

Soldiers on duty in the quartermaster's and commissary depart-

ments, required to go continually to Portsmouth, will be entered upon

the proper alphabetical list.

In the event of an attack, all families will be required to go to

Portsmouth.

The discipline of any command may be known by the manner in which

the guard duty is performed, and the commanding officer regrets to

find it his duty to censure the almost universal neglect and

carelessness that now prevails in this respect. The attention of all officers is hereby called to the necessity of an immediate and

thorough reformation.

