
mation of the Secretary of War, what troops called out by the Governor of the State during recent invasion refused to be mustered into the United States service. The Gray Reserves, a Philadelphia regiment, refused to be mustered either for six months or for the existing emergency; they were afterward mustered into State service as the Thirty-second Regiment Militia. The City Troop-a horse company from Philadelphia-reported for service; demanded no pay; would not be mustered. This company scouted at or beyond Gettysburg. Captain Spear`s company of policemen, of Philadelphia, as well as Colonel Mann`s company, form the same place, were to the best of my knowledge not mustered. Am under the impression that they were never asked to be, either in State or United States service.
From the 15th to the 26th of June, the latter being the date of the Governor`s proclamation calling out the militia for State service, some thousands of those assembled at different rendezvous must have returned to their homes. They were unorganized masses. A hundred excuses were given by those who returned. It is somewhat singular, or would seem so to one not present in the State at that time, that was a general impression among the militia that, if sworn into the United States service, they would be retained for any length of time. Lying, disloyal people were the authors of this mischief.

This letter should have been written sooner, but I was unable to do so.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[D. N. COUCH,]

Major-General, Commanding Department,

GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers 41.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GENERAL ` s OFFICE, Washington, February 1, 1864.

* * * * * * * * *

III. -PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 9.

A RESOLUTION expressivee of the thanks of Congress to Major General Joseph Hooker, Major General George G. Meade, Major General Oliver O. Howard, and the officers and soldiers of the Army of the Potomac.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the gratitude of the American people, and the thanks of their Representatives in Congress, are due, and are hereby tendered, to Major General Joseph Hooker, and the officers and soldiers of the Army of the Potomac, for the skill, energy, and endurance which first covered Washington and Baltimore from the meditated blow of the advancing and powerful army of rebels led by General Robert E. Lee; and to Major General George G. Meade, Major General Oliver O. Howard, and the officers and soldiers of that army, for the skill and heroic valor which, at Gettysburg, repulsed, defeated, and drove back, broken and dispirited, beyond the Reppahannock, the veteran army of the rebellion.

Approved January 28, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

