
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 3, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,Comdg. Dept. of Southwestern Virginia, Dublin Depot:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of May 28. I am very much obliged to you for the offer of the Fiftieth Virginia Regiment. So far as I am able to judge at this distance, I think that this army needs strengthening at this time more than yours. I will, therefore, keep the regiment in question for the present, but will send it back to you whenever you need it. The Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first [Virginia] are on their way to this point. General Imboden`s command was organized for service in Northwestern Virginia and the Valley, and he reports directly to me. I have instructed him to operate in the Valley, and on the line from Staunton toward Huttonsville, Cheat Mountain, Monterey, and the Potomac.

I hope you will be able to do without the transportation captured. I send you a copy of an order* reducing the transportation of this army, and, even with this reduction, I am deficient in general transportation for commissary, quartermaster, &amp;c., trains.

Wishing you success in your department in the operations of the summer`s campaign, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 3, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,Commanding Department of Southwestern Virginia:

GENERAL: General Lee desires me to say that General Jenkins has now with him three regiments, and there are still three regiments and two battalions of his brigade which have not been ordered to join him, one being with you and two with Imboden.

The general does not wish to weaken you, but there is now great need of troops in the Valley of Virginia, and if you think your safety would not be hazarded, it is very desirable that you should send as many of the above-mentioned troops as you can, to report to General Jenkons immediately.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Colonel, and Military Secretary.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 4, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

I have the honor to request that, upon the receipt of this letter, instructions be issued directing that convalescents and others belonging to the divisions of Hood and McLaws, of Longstreet`s corps, and

-

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 58. Series I, Vol. XXV, Part II, p. 739.

---------------

