HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Warrenton Junction, Va.,June 13, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Army Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of this date, I am directed by General Pleasonton to acknowledge its receipt, and to say that there is no news, excepting rumors that the enemy are moving up to turn our right. We have telegraphic communication with headquarters Army of the Potomac, via Alexandria and Washington, and will have it direct to-morrow, via Bealeton and Hartwood Church. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Chief of Staff, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

BEALETON, June 13, 1863.

General PLEASONTON:

Yours of the 13th has just been received. Howard's troops will be up to-night. I suppose you will have to look to him when his troops come up. It is more than probable Meade's will be up at Warrenton Junction to-morrow.

JOHN F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

------------
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 13, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SAWTELLE,

Chief Quartermaster, Cavalry Corps:

Your letter of the 11th, by Captain Tidball, just received.

Your plan about the bridges is a good one, if it could be done in time, but events are crowding too rapidly for it.

Did you mention to the general about bringing up the troops at Norfolk and vicinity as soon as practicable?

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Falmouth, Va.,June 13, 1863.

Commanding Officer First Corps:

I inclose herewith copies of the dispatches forwarded you yesterday and to-day, to cover any errors that may have occurred in their transmission by telegraph. With these also will reach you Major Sterling, Captain Dahlgren, and Lieutenant Bates, of the general staff. The two former are thoroughly familiar with the country through the Valley, and the movements of Lee's, Fremont's, and Sigel's troops last year. You will appreciate from the last dispatch inclosed the reasons which cause the present position of this army. You will also realize

