
near Magnolia Depot, where a battalion of four companies of infantry and one section of artillery have been directed to report to you. The object of this outpost is, if possible, to protect the road against a cavalry raid by that fellow Mix. It would be well to have a line of couriers over from Kenansville toward the outer picket lines. There is a telegraph office at Magnolia. The infantry and artillery will go to Magnolia by rail

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, June 6, 1863.

Major-General HILL,Commanding at Petersburg:

GENERAL: I have ordered Major Jackson, of the cavalry, with a few cavalry pickets, a battalion of four companies of infantry, and a section of artillery, to Kenansville or Magnolia.

I hope that you will be able to get [S. D.] Ramseur, or any troops. I am very uneasy, though Shays reports all quiet in the lines. How I shall be able to assist [A. H.] Colquitt I do not know, but will do the best I can.

I am palisading heavily the land front of Fisher. Have discovered the plan the enemy intended to pursue against this place last year, when they found their iron-clads drew too much water, and went to Charleston-one column to march by Sound road, and as many troops as they had to land between Fisher and Masonborough, take the fort, and let in their shipping. A powerful work has been placed at Smithville.

I hear rumor that Hooker is crossing the Rappahannock in heavy force. News from Vicksburg more encouraging.

Do try to put some more troops at Kinston.

Respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR`S OFFICE, Camp near Fredericksburg, June 6, 1863.

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General, C. S. Army:

SIR: The army is moving. The First and Second Army Corps have marched. The Third Corps, General A. P. Hill, remains here for the present. After our army commenced its movements up the Rappahannock, the enemy made considerable demonstration opposite Fredericksburg, brought down their pontoon train with great flourish, and in the afternoon of yesterday, under the protection of eighteen or twenty pieces of artillery, crossed over quite a force, capturing about 50 of our men in the rifle-pits.

We are striking our tents, and, if the enemy had not appeared immediately in our front, I should have been on my way to Culpeper Court-House, where I was ordered to join the general. The firing of yesterday stopped the general here, and at present it is impossible to say what movement will be determined upon.

This morning there has been some little cannonading across the

