
by Wednesday, the 10th instant, with a view to co-operate with a force of infantry. Your pickets can be kept in advance as far as you deem best, toward Winchester. See to their arms, ammunition, and equipments, and make arrangements for provisions and forage. Send me all the information you have about the position and strength of the enemy at Winchester, Martinsburg, Charlestown, Berryville, and any other point where they may be.

Keep your horses as fresh as you can, and have your whole command prepared for active service.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 7, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES.

Comdg. Dept. of Western Virginia, Dublin Depot:

GENERAL: I have directed General Imboden, after leaving a guard at the Shenandoah Mountain, to move with the rest of his force upon Romney, with the view of striking a damaging blow upon the enemy guarding the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in that region. He may be detained along that line some time, and my object is to request your attention to any movements that may be made by the enemy from Northwestern Virginia in the direction of Staunton.

I hope you have sufficient cavalry to scout in the direction of Huttonsville from Lewisburg, and to keep yourself informed of any hostile expedition from that quarter. General Imboden`s whole effective force, cavalry, infantry, and artillery, does not much exceed 1, 300 men. I am anxious for him to get all the recruits he can in Hampshire and Hardy, and otherwise improve his efficiency.

I do not know whether you have sent to General Jenkins all the cavalry you can spare. He has mentioned to me several regiments still behind, which he is desirous of obtaining, but not knowing whether you had enough for your purposes, I have delayed submitting to you his request. He has advanced down into the Valley, and driven the enemy close to Winchester, having his advance pickets at Kernstown.

I require now all the additional force I can get.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 7, 1863.

Major General ISAAC R. TRIMBLE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have directed General Imboden to leave a guard at Shenandoah Mountain, and move with the rest of his effective force upon Romney. I have also directed General A. G. Jenkins to concentrate his command near Strasburg or Front Royal, or any more convenient point in advance of either. General Jenkins will receive subsequent orders as regards his operations in the Valley. Not knowing whether you have yet reached Staunton, I have sent these

