
orders direct to those officers, but should you have assumed command of the Valley District, I beg you to facilitate their execution.

I have sent no special directions concerning the Maryland troops in the Valley, but if they can be serviceable with General Jenkins, they had better operate with him, or, at least, be so disposed as to guard the approaches up the Valley while General Jenkins is operating below. Should you have entered upon your duties in the Valley, and health be sufficiently restored, you are, of course, at liberty to accompany the troops, and take part in their operations.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, June 7, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has received information that the enemy is probably moving on East Tennessee. You are, therefore, directed to hold your command in readiness to move forward to the assistance of General Buckner on the receipt of orders from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Colonel August Forsberg, commanding Third Brigade.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, June 7, 1863.

Colonel A. L. LONG,

Military Secretary to General Lee,

Camp near Fredericksburg, Va.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 3rd instant was received to-day. Will you have the kindness to say to General Lee that I think his information in regard to Brigadier-General Jenkins` brigade is not entirely accurate? The brigade is composed of the Eighth, Fourteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, and Nineteenth [Virginia] Regiments, and the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-sixth, and Thirty-seventh Battalions of Cavalry. Jenkins has with him, or should have, the Fourteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Regiments, and Thirty-sixth Battalion. The Thirty-fourth Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Witcher, was sent by me at General Lee`s request some time last winter to Brigadier General W. E. Jones, in the Valley, and I presume is with him now, and subject to General Lee`s orders. The Adjutant and Inspector General ordered me to keep the Eighth Regiment in this department, though I made no application to be allowed to do so. The Nineteenth Regiment, Colonel W. L. Jackson`s, was organized a few days before General Imboden started on his late expedition. I sent that regiment and the Thirty-seventh Battalion with Imboden, and they had not returned when I was ordered to send Jenkons` brigade, with the exception of the Eighth Regiment, to report to General Lee. The battalion (Thirty-seventh) went on foot. Since it returned, it has been collect-

