
you not find some officer of your command competent to perform engineer`s duty? If you can, assign him to it.

The quartermaster informs me that he has filled, and more than filled, all your requisitions for clothing, &amp;c. A part of the supplies are on the road to you now; the others will be sent as soon as transportation can be provided. Major [Thomas J.] Noble informs me that he met Colonel [George S.] Patton in Richmond, and ascertained from him everything he needed for his regiment, and procured for him a full outfit. It will be sent forward without delay.

I had hoped to be at your camp this week, but the enemy is moving in such force toward East Tennessee and South western Virginia that I must go down to the left of my line before I can see you.

Very respectfully, &c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., June 8, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina:

SIR: In accordance with the desire of General Lee, I inclose a letter from him to yourself, making appeal for your official co-operation in recruiting Ramseur`s gallant brigade, which, while winning so much of merited renown for itself and its State, has yet been sadly reduced by the casualties of battle and arduous service. The grounds stated justify, in my judgment, that assignments should be specially made from the conscripts who have not before enrollment exercised their privilege of electing to join preferred companies, and I have, therefore, instructed the conscript bureau to issue orders for such assignment till the brigade be recruited to about the average of the other North Carolina brigades in service. Such action will, I trust, meet no repugnance or disapproval on your part.

With high esteem, most respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 4, 1863.

His Excellency ZEBULON B. VANCE,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to call the attention of Your Excellency to the reduced condition of Brigadier-General Ramseur`s brigade. Its ranks have been much thinned by the casualties of the battles in which it has been engaged, in all of which it has rendered conspicuous service. I consider its brigade and regimental commanders as among the best of their respective grades in the army, and in the late battle of Chancellorsville, where the brigade was much distinguished and suffered severely, General Ramseur was among those whose conduct was especially commended to my notice by Lieutenant-General Jackson in a message sent to me after he was wounded. I am very desirous that the efficiency of this brigade should be increased by filling its ranks, and respectfully ask that, if it be in your

