
power, you will send on recruits for its various regiments as soon as possible. If this cannot be done, I would recommend that two additional regiments be sent to it, if they can be had. I am satisfied that the men could be used in no better way to render valuable service to the country and win credit for themselves and for their State.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

(Respectfully forwarded through the Honorable Secretary of War.)

FORT BRANCH, N. C., June 8, 1863-10 p. m.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Comdg. Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: I came over here just at dark this evening. I found the officer and men who had been sent to Edenton had returned, and I passed or missed the courier with his report.

One of the party went to Edenton, one to Hertford, in Perquimans County, and one toward the mouth of the Roanoke. There was no enemy in Edenton nor had been for some time, and none could be heard of nearer than South Mills. A man named Mountain, a militia lieutenant, told the officer he had seen two transports going to Plymouth last Monday, with horses on board; could not see men.

I inclose several reports* that came in this evening.

If it should be true that the enemy is building a wharf at Dillard`s farm, it would look quite serious. I am inclined to doubt it. It is on the other side of the river, 14 miles above Colerain.

About the cavalry at Gatesville, I suppose Ransom will give you earlier and more accurate information than I can.

I shall send another officer and men out from this regiment (Seventeenth North Carolina Infantry) into the country between the Roanoke and Chowan.

Should a strong cavalry force move from Plymouth with energy, it could occupy and pass Tarborough without any possibility of my preventing it, if they know all the roads.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

[P. S.]- I shall return in the morning to Greenville.

[Indorsement.]

The men Colonel [William F.] Martin sent to Plymouth have been captured. Others will be sent.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 8, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,Chief of Ordnance, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I reviewed to-day the five brigades of cavalry in this army, forming the division commanded by General Stuart.

-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

