
You will readily see, I think, that I cannot, under the circumstances, detach from my small cavalry force. Indeed, I am greatly in need of my troops that are now with you. I earnestly desire that my troops shall be employed in the way best calculated to advance our cause, whether in this or any other department. I, of course, see more clearly what is needed in my own than in any other department, and I am convinced that more troops are needed here to guard this important line than I have at this time. I hope, therefore, that you will, as soon as practicable, send back to me at least the Fiftieth [Virginia] Regiment Infantry. There are so many indications of active operations by your army within a few days, that I defer urging you to send me that regiment.

Awaiting further developments, in haste, with great respect and esteem, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, June 9, 1863.

Colonel W. L. JACKSON,Warm Springs, Bath County, Va.:

COLONEL: General Echols` brigade is now at Meadow Bluff. Its advanced position renders it necessary for him to get the earliest information of the enemy`s movement. The major-general commanding directs, therefore, that you forward to General Echols any information your scouts bring in that may be useful to him.

Please furnish the same to these headquarters. You are particularly desired to send your scouts in the direction of Hutonsville, and be on the alert for any move that may be made from Northwestern Virginia in the direction of Staunton. Proceed as rapidly as you can with preparations for active service.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 10, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN,Commanding Northwestern Brigade:

GENERAL: I was glad to learn by your telegraphic dispatch that you had so promptly moved toward the Potomac. I hope you will be able to effect a diversion favorable to operations in the Valley, increase the ranks of your brigade, and collect horses and cattle for the army. The latter had better be sent back promptly to the upper part of the Shenandoah Valley, and turned over to the agents of the Quartermaster`s and Commissary Departments. General Ewell will be in command in the Lower Valley, and I desire you to communicate to him any intelligence which may aid him in his operations and to carry out any instructions he may give.

Wishing you all success, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

