HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 10, 1863.

Brigadier General A. G. JENKINS,Commanding Cavalry Brigade, near Strasburg:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 8th instant, and am glad to find your command is already at a point convenient for future operations. I desire you to keep it prepared for active service, see to its subsistence, forage, and ammunition, and when you receive notice from General Ewell of his arrival in the Valley, report to him for duty. In the meantime, I request that you will keep your scouts out, and collect all information of the strength and position of the enemy`s forces at Winchester, Berryville, Martinsburg, and Harper`s Ferry, so that you may give General Ewell the benefit of the latest intelligence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 10, 1863.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL, Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I have written to General A. G. Jenkins, commanding the cavalry in the Valley District, to report to you for duty, on being notified of your arrival in the Valley. I inclose a letter to General Imboden, * who has been ordered down into the Valley of the South Branch of the Potomac, to fix the attention of the enemy stationed at New Creek, Cacapon Bridge, &amp;c., and to endeavor to break the railroad connection between Cumberland and Martinsburg. He is instructed to communicate to you any intelligence of importance, and to comply with any directions you may give him. This letter you had better forward to him on reaching the Valley. He may probably be heard of at Moorefield or Romney. General I. R. Trimble has been placed in command of the Valley District, though I have not yet heard of his arrival at Staunton. The Maryland troops stationed in the Valley form a part of his command. General Trimble, if able to take the field, will carry out any instructions which you may give for their disposition, or, in his absence, you may give them any directions, which you may think proper. I request you will keep me advised of your progress, and, as far as you can, notify me of the different stages of your march as you proceed. General Jenkins is establishing a line of couriers between the Valley and my headquarters; their positions you will probably ascertain on your route.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

JUNE 10, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Dispatch just received from General Lee gives the following:

-

---------------

* See p. 878.

---------------

