
laws of the State, and to all others who are physically able to bear arms, to organize such companies without delay, in conformity to the provisions of the act of Congress, and to such regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of War, which will be sent to the commandant of each regiment.

The requisition of 8, 000 militia will be reduced in proportion to the aggregate of volunteer companies which may organize as before stated.

Commandants of regiments will promptly certify to this department the organization and strength of such companies, and as promptly report the same to the Secretary of War.

By command:

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General,

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL`S OFFICE [STATE OF] VIRGINIA, June 11, 1863.

This order, while it was necessary to enable the Governor to meet the President`s requisition for 8, 000 militia, is designed to promote (so far as the State authorities can do so) the organization of a volunteer force which it is understood the President prefers, and which we believe would be far more effective than amy drafted militia. There is reason to expect that many below eighteen and above fortyfive years will join it.

Presuming that orders in regard to this volunteer organization will be issued by the War Department, I beg respectfully to suggest that it be stated in the order whether or not conscripts not yet enrolled (forty to forty-five) may be enrolled; that men above fortyfive and below eighteen be invited to join. State especially the nature and locality of the service which will be required, and, if so, that it will be confined, as far as possible, to the country in which the company is raised; if mounted men are preferred, whether the Government will arm them. Restrict the companies to not less than 50, rank and file, and prescribe number and rank of officers. If the mobocratic principle of election can be gotten over, the better, and the President appoint. If the distinctive character of a home defense can be given to it, success will be more certain.

For militia officers, the more condensed and simple orders and forms are preferable.

If, when prepared, General Cooper can spare so many, I think it will be advisable to send a copy through this office to each regiment.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

WHITE HOUSE, June 11, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel [R. T. W.] Duke reports that it is represented the enemy are in force at the Hickory Neck Academy, and also on the Diascund road. He, Duke, has position behind the Warriner

