
Swamp, 1 1/2 miles this side of Barham`s, the cavalry in front reconnoitering. He is ordered to fall back across the Chickahominy. Colonel Goode has not yet come over from the other side of the Pamunkey, nor have any railroad cars yet come.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE HOUSE, June 11, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Jones, from Diascund, reports enemy advancing as high as Burnt Ordinary, 2, 000 or 2, 500 strong, supposed by him to be exaggerated. Has sent scout to see. His wagon-master has since reported seeing a heavy force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery. Major [A. W.] Stark reports from New Kent Court-House that the enemy are advancing. Colonel Duke has moved to re-enforce Colonel [W. B.] Tabb. The telegraph officer announces report of a courier from Slatersville that the enemy were advancing up the Diascund road, 8 miles from that place. The commander of the Sandy Point signal station reports gunboats advancing up James River and shelling Swan Point.

I have ordered Colonels Goode and Shingler to move down immediately with all my available forces, excepting guards here-infantry, cavalry, and artillery. If the enemy move up James River, and I have to fall back, I can cross and move to Chaffin`s farm, by the Forge or Long Bridges.

Very respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

CULPEPER, June 12, 1863.

General ARNOLD ELZEY:

Have directed General A. P. Hill to send regiment to Hanover Junction to relieve Cooke`s at once. Corse ordered to return to Hanover Junction. Send for Jenkins` brigade at once; if necessary, Ransom`s. Let D. H. Hill replace latter. Get regiment of cavalry from me.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 12, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,Commanding Department of Sousthwestern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter of June 6 has been received. I am very much obliged to you for your generosity in aiding me to strengthen and supply this army. I am anxious to have a good supply of beef cattle, in case I should succeed in accomplishing what I desire to do. I will be glad, therefore, if you will turn over the cattle to Major Nolan`s order, who can have them grazed until they are needed.

The design which I had in Colonel Long`s letter was to ascertain simply whether you had any cavalry which you could spare and

