HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, June 14, 1863-12 midnight.

Major General GEORGE E. PICKETT, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you put your command in readiness to march to Winchester. The route for your troops will be by the road that brought you here from that point last fall. Your wagons, such as you may not require with you, will be sent round by Woodville.

The division of Major-General Hood will move to-morrow, and yours is intended to follow at a convenient distance, which will probably fix your movement for the 15th [16th?]

Meantime, the general desires that you should move your camp tomorrow, and bivouac for the night at some good point a little to the left of Culpeper Court-House.

The clothing that you have on hand for your troops should be issued at once. Major [S. P.] Mitchell will issue a portion to your quartermaster early to-morrow morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,[G. MOXLEY SORREL,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, June 14, 1863-12 midnight.

Major General LAFAYETTE McLAWS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires you to put your command in readiness to move for Winchester to-morrow.

Your troops will take the road by which you marched from that point last fall, and such wagons as you may not require with you, will be sent round by Woodville.

Further notice will be sent you for your movement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. MOXLEY SORREL,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, June 14, 1863-12 midnight.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,Chief of Artillery:

COLONEL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move your command to-morrow afternoon for Winchester, taking the turnpike from here as your route.

Have all your needful preparations made to-morrow morning, and advise me early of the hour at which you will probably move.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. MOXLEY SORREL,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[P. S.] - By your command is meant, for the present, the battalions of Alexander and Eshleman. The others will move with the divisions to which they are temporarily assigned.

