
They will remain as long as may be necessary for this purpose. General Benham will detail the Regular Engineer Battalion, with a bridge train, to be sent by water to Occoquan without delay. The forces of General Hancock left to cover the withdrawal will remain until to-morrow p. m., if practicable, before leaving the river. All the debris and articles not absolutely necessary, with the teams therefor, will be sent in advance of General Slocum's column to Alexandria. Headquarters will be at Dumfries to-morrow, Sunday, p. m. Headquarters camp will move to-morrow a. m. General Reynolds will cause the fords on the Rappahannock to be held by cavalry until Monday morning, and until General Hancock has withdrawn on the left. Beverly, Kelly's, and Banks' Fords, will be particularly guarded. General Hancock in his withdrawal will, if any assistance is required, apply to General Sedgwick, who will move in such a manner as to afford it. The quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance officers will remove their supplies to Alexandria without delay. The medical director will remove the sick and wounded at once. These officers will apply to the chief quartermaster for transportation. The chief signal officer will cause a detail to report to Generals Hancock and Sedgwick for duty during the withdrawal.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

JUNE 13, 1863-3. 20 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Bealeton:

An order is on route to you for the transfer of all forces to the line of the Orange and Alexandria road. The corps with you and Meade to move under your direction. The line of the Rappahannock above Banks' Ford to be firmly held by you; this line, via Dumfries, by Hancock. Your troops to make forced marches to Manassas Junction, and thence, without other orders reach you, to Centreville, and in position. Headquarters to-morrow p. m. at Dumfries. Movement commences to-night here by Slocum.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

------------
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 13, 1863-6 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding at Bealeton:

All quiet at Sulphur Springs and Waterloo at 10. 30 a. m., when my

scouts left. No enemy about. Do you wish me to take charge of the cavalry brigade picketing the river, or will you do it, and who shall supply it?

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General.

