
Major [J. N.] Whitford thinks Foster is trying to get up a raid toward Kinston before the 26th instant, when some of his regiments are to be discharged. I think he would hardly venture with troops whose time is so nearly out. The time for this raid to start is said to be to-morrow. I imagine it is the same story you received from Colquitt a week ago.

Please let me know what I shall do with this old fellow, Ward.

There are rumors of cavalry being collected at Plymouth, but nothing that can be relied on. I doubt the probability.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

J. G. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 15, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that, after the receipt of this letter, all mail and other communications which may be sent me, may be forwarded by way of Gordonsville and Staunton; also that instructions may be given to forward all convalescents and other soldiers returning to the army by the same route, sending them in detachments, properly rationed, and under charge of such officers as may be available.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 15, 1863-8. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A dispatch from Ewell, dated 5 a. m. to-day, states that Early`s division stormed the enemy`s works at Winchester, capturing their cannon, &c., with little loss on our side. He was pushing on. I have as yet received no particulars.

I have been waiting for the arrival of Stuart, or of information from him, but as yet have received none. If anything of importance is received, I will write again. Should nothing render it inadvisable within your knowledge, I wish you would advance Hood on the road by Barbee`s Cross-Roads, &c., to Markham, as arranged today. Your reserve artillery, trains, &c., may be sent, if you think proper, by Chester Gap. Let McLaws and Pickett follow you as rapidly as they can, and should the roads or other circumstances make it advantageous that they should proceed by Front Royal, give them the proper directions accordingly. You can threaten as much as you please an attack upon the enemy`s right flank, so as to throw them back upon the Potomac, but advance as rapidly as you can with propriety. Anderson encamped this evening 2 miles this side of Germanna, and will pass beyond this place to-morrow evening. Heth left Fredericksburg to-day. Hill wrote that Pender was ready, and would move as soon as he heard from his scouts that he had sent north of the Rappahannock. As far as heard from, the enemy had all gone.

I am, &c.,R. E. LEE,

General.

