HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 15, 1863.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The convalescents belonging to your corps have been ordered to proceed by Staunton in small parties, in charge of an officer in all cases. Please send to that point more definite instructions in regard to the route by which they will reach you, and have provision made for their rations in passing up the Valley.

A am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

(Copies of same to Lieutenant-General Ewell; commandant post, Staunton, Va. ; Major [Cornelius] Boyle, Gordonsville, Va. ; commandant, Lynchburg, Va.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, June 15, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS.

Commanding, &amp;c., Meadow Bluff:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 12th was received yesterday after the courier had started for your headquarters.

I had hoped you would be able to hold your position at Meadow Bluff, and so guard that part of the county of Greenbrier. As you and your regimental and battalion commanders are so decidedly of the opinion that Meadow Bluff cannot be held with troops now there without exposing Lewisburg and the part of Greenbrier to the south and east of that place to cavalry raids, which you would not be able to repel, you will, without delay, withdraw your brigade from Meadow Bluff, and post it in front of Lewisburg, at or near the points it occupied when I was last with you.

Obstruct thoroughly the old State road in front of the Blue Sulphur Springs, and any other road between the main road from Lewisburg to Gauley Bridge and New River by which a cavalry force could penetrate.

I have directed the quartermaster to send you everything you have asked for pertaining to his department, including the transportation you last called for.

A part of the supplies are now on the way to you; the others will be sent forward as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, &c.,SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, June 15, 1863.

General D. H. HILL,

Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letters of 12th and 13th instant received. I telegraphed you on Saturday to retain Jenkins` brigade at Petersburg.

Your suggestions are approved in respect to the disposition to be made of Ransom`s old brigade, which had already been ordered down

