
to Drewry`s Bluff, and your views are concurred in with regard to the Chickahominy, as being too long a line to be held by one brigade. This has been obviated by the addition of Corse`s brigade, drawn from General Lee`s command at Culpeper.

In haste, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CULPEPER, June 15, 1863.

Majr. General ARNOLD ELZEY:

Dispatch of to-day received. Ascertain truth of report of enemy landing at West Point, and what is the force. If true, enemy at Fredericksburg recrossed Rappahannock Saturday night and disappeared Sunday morning. Supposed to have gone back to Aquia.

R. E. LEE,

General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Chaffin`s Farm, June 15, 1863.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: General Wise directs me to inform you that he has issued General Elzey`s orders to the two regiments of Cooke`s brigade and the two sections of artillery. These two regiments were posted on the Central or Darbytown road, 6 miles below these headquarters, and had a strong picket 2 1/2 miles below them, on the Darbytown road and Charles City road. The general wishes to know whether General Elzey desires him to keep up this picket from his own brigade. He directs me also to inform you that Colonel Shingler has established a line of pickets at the following places: White House, New Kent Court-House, Morris` Church, Kames`, Forge Bridge, Wilcox`s, Coles` Ferry, Captain Penney`s, Hog Neck, Vaiden`s Ferry, Lamb`s Ferry, Barrett`s Ferry, and Tomahund, at the mouth of the Chickahominy. Colonel Shingler has his headquarters at Meadow Station, on the Your River Railroad, and has established courier lines from his headquarters to this place, to Forge Bridge, and from Charles City Court-House to these headquarters. Inclosed I send you his scout reports, which have just been received. Colonel Shingler has been directed to forward all information of the movements of the enemy direct to Major-General Elzey as well as to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE D. WISE,

Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

SCOUT CAMP NEAR SLATERSVILLE, June 15, 1863.

Colonel W. P. SHINGLER, Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the success of my scout thus far:

On Saturday evening I went to Barhamsville, and there heard that the enemy were at Hickory Neck. I then fell back to Mr. Ball`s, with

