
the intention of meeting Sergeant Thorn with his scout, but heard the enemy were at Slatersville-force, two regiments of infantry. I then felt it my duty to proceed immediately to Slatersville, but found no enemy there. On Sunday, the 14th instant, I went down the Telegraph road. When I got nearly to Warriner`s Swamp, I obtained positive information that the enemy were at Barhamsville, their picket at Roper`s Church. I dismounted, and sent my horses to New Kent Court-House, and proceeded immediately to Barhamsville. I went in sight of the sentinel at Roper`s; then took the woods, and went in the rear of Barhamsville, to ascertain, if possible, the force and position of the enemy. Their force I found out to be 200 infantry and 50 cavalry; their position, Barhamsville. They were re-enforced yesterday evening, pretty heavily, I think. Last night they sent up a large scout of some 500 or 600 cavalry. I have not yet learned how far they went, but I suppose to the Court-House. I had no means of reporting their advance to the picket. They returned to Barhamsville last night about 11 o`clock. You will, no doubt, think this a lengthy report, but I have tried to be as explicit as possible.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, your obedient servant.

A. G. TRADEWELL.

[P. S.]-I have heard nothing of Thorn and his party.

NEW KENT COURT-HOUSE, Monday, June 15, 1863-6. 15 a. m.

Colonel [W. P.] SHINGLER:

SIR: I went down as far as Slatersville this morning, where I met two scouts from the Thirty-second [Virginia] Battalion, who reported 300 Yankee cavalry at that place last night, and, judging from the tracks, I think the statement correct. From this number six or eight came within a few hundred yards of the picket at this place, and all fell back from Slatersville before midnight; how far I have not yet ascertained. I find two men from Tradewell`s detail here, with all the horses. I will take these two, and go as far down as practicable, and again report to you, should they be on this side of Warriner Swamp. The scouts from the Thirty-second Battalion have lost their horses, and as Tradewell and his companions have not been heard from, perhaps it would be as well to send two or three more men down.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. D. CROSLAND.
HEADQUARTERS, Taylorsville, June 15, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY,Commanding at Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have relieved General Cooke`s and General Pettigrew`s troops found guarding the rail and county road bridges over the Mattapony, North and South Anna, and Little Rivers.

My command does not number over 1, 200 effective men. I have no battery with me.

