
I find there are works for artillery at the several points above mentioned. If I am to remain here, I request you to send me a good battery of field pieces.

I telegraphed you last night a copy of a dispatch received by Colonel [D. J.] Godwin from his scouts on the Mattapony, and who were informed that the enemy had and were still landing troops at West Point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

COLONEL GODWIN`S CAVALRY COMMAND.

One commanding officer and 10 men at Hanover Court-House that pickets 8 miles below, on the Pamunkey River.

One company at Mongohick Church, that pickets and scouts as low down as King William Court-House and Dayton, 3 miles below.

M. D. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 15, 1863.

Honorable R. M. T. HUNTER,Lloyd`s, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I received to-day your letter of the 8th instant. As to the withdrawal of the cavalry, I presume that the regiment has only been moved higher up the river, to join the infantry pickets, which do not now extend as far down as formerly. This is necessary to prevent any force from penetrating between the lines.

I regret very much that the cavalry force is inadequate to afford to our citizens the protection I should like to give them against outrages of our barbarous enemy. Their conduct is such as to excite the horror and detestation of the civilized world.

I earnestly recommend that the people organize themselves for their own defense. If they will do so, much can be effected in restraining the depredations of the enemy.

Whenever it is practicable, the regular troops will co-operate, as far as it may be possible, with the home guards. Great service can be rendered by intelligent and cool men furnishing trustworthy information of the enemy`s numbers and movements to the nearest officer in command of troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers 44

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 15, 1863.

The lieutenant-general commanding asks the men and officers of the corps to unite with him in returning thanks to our Heavenly Father for the signal success which has crowned the valor of this command. In Acknowledgment of Divine favor, chaplains will hold religious services in the respective regiments at such times as may be most convenient.

