
tapony to a point opposite to and commanding a good view of West Point, to ascertain what force, if any, is there, and to return immediately and report to me. This scout will be in, I hope, this evening.

The scouts, Huntington, Golding, Tribble, and Cotten, who were left in the rear of the enemy, have reported. They left their horses within the enemy`s lines, finding it impossible to get through with them. The horses were left in the woods, in charge of Mr. Mareten, and their owners hope will not be found by the enemy.

These scouts agree in the estimate of the enemy`s force at a maximum of 5, 000, being commanded by Generals Gordon and King.

Two of the enemy were killed by my scouts at Mrs. Whitaker`s, at a place called Alabama; one at Dr. Jenning`s place, and a negro fellow, who represented himself as a recruiting officer, at Mrs. Stuart`s, just below Diascund Bridge. The negro was a powerful fellow, and made a tremendous fight; one gun was broken over his head, and be was shot through in three places before he succumbed. The scout fired at several others of the enemy, and, they think, killed three others.

I have no report from the scout now in front of the enemy of a later date than the report of Corporal Tradewell and Sergeant Thorn, forwarded and received by you yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SHINGLER,

Colonel Holcombe Legion.

[Indorsement.]

CHAFFIN`S FARM, June 17, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Elzey for his information.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

PETERSBURG, June 16, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

I have found it necessary to order Ransom`s brigade up to this point, on account of a movement on the Blackwater.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

GREENVILLE, N. C., June 16, 1863.

Major-General HILL,

Comdg. Dept. of Va. and N. C., Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I received to-day yours of yesterday`s date.

I will give orders for Colonel Griffin, with four companies of his cavalry and his artillery company, to be ready to obey your orders to move to Franklin. This will leave me only three companies of cavalry, one of which will be used entirely as couriers.

I will continue to report to you promptly any information worth reporting, and, when you are without information from me, you may consider things as they were at last report. I will also endeavor not to call on you for troops unless absolutely required. I believe I will not give you unnecessary alarm.

