
I can, but it is not convenient to the woods. There is an apple orchard near which will be cut down, if an attack is threatened, and will aid much.

I have only about 60 Enfield rifles; 125 Mississippi rifles without bayonets. The Mississippi rifles are with the flank company, and I should be glad to exchange them for Enfield rifles. I have also 60 Hall`s breech-loading rifles.

The wood-work for the obstruction in the river is all complete. The engineer heard day before yesterday that the chain was at Halifax, and has gone for it.

I have collected some twenty canoes, in which I can cross about a company at a time, taking about ten minutes to cross and return.

In searching for the canoes, I found one tolerably good flat, which I am having repaired. It will be ready in three or four days, and can cross one piece at a time without difficulty.

There are plenty of men in the regiment who can wield flats, but it is impossible almost to get timber-the mills are all water mills, and are now dry. Shall try and have some sawed by hand if the logs can be gotten, provided you deem it necessary to have an increase of the facilities crossing.

I regret very much that the exigencies of the service deprived us of the pleasure of seeing you at this place.

I am, general, yours, &amp;c.,

WM. F. MARTIN,

Colonel Seventeenth North Carolina Troops.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Markham, June 17, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Your note of 10 a. m. to-day just received. I have heard nothing of the movements of General Hooker either from General Stuart or yourself, and, therefore, can form no opinion of the best move against him. If a part of our force could have operated east of the mountains, it would have served more to confuse him, but as you have turned off to the Valley, and I understand all the trains have taken that route, I hope it is for the best. At any rate, it is too late to change from any information I have. You had better, therefore, push on, relieve Ewell`s division as soon as you can, and let him advance into Maryland, at least as far as Hagerstown. Give out it is against Harper`s Ferry. I will send back for A. P. Hill to move by Chester Gap. I wrote to you to-day and yesterday. I shall go from here to the Valley.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Markham, June 17, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General EWELL,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter, the first from you since your dispatch announcing the fall of Winchester. I think the reports

