
which you have of the forces in Harper`s Ferry must be exaggerated. I wish you to move Rodes` division on as far as Hagerstown, and operate in the enemy`s country according to the plan proposed. Give out that your movement is for the purpose of enveloping Harper`s Ferry. Repress marauding. Take what is necessary for the army, and give citizens of Maryland Confederate money or certificates. * Do not expose yourself. Keep your own scouts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, June 17, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Petersburg, Va.:

What is the particular movement on the Blackwater to which your dispatch refers?

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

PETERSBURG, June 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

The movement referred to has been an attempt, for the last five days, to break through the line of the Blackwater.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, June 17, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Petersburg, Va.:

I am just informed by special messenger that the officers who lately took the steamer Maple Leaf in the bay, and escaped from captivity, are hid in Camden County, on the east side of Pasquotank, near that river, being intercepted by cavalry force sent by General Dix to recapture them. This cavalry has pickets along the river and at the bridge. A cavalry force threatening the bridge, if you could send it, or some boats crossed over, would enable them to escape. There was no difference of opinion as to their right to escape. The officers left were wounded.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, June 17, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,Commanding, &amp;c., Lewisburg:

GENERAL: I received yesterday your letter of the 15th instant. I presume you have received mine of the same date, directing you to draw back your brigade to the position it occupied in front of Lewisburg when I was last there.

-

---------------

* Note in letter-book says: "Copy from memory; draught mislaid. "

---------------

