
From information received from you and others, I think it seems more than probable that the enemy contemplate making a cavalry raid on a large scale on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. The indications now are that it will be made west rather than east of New River, probably up the Guyandotte or Sandy. I do not think they will come directly by Piney, or between Piney, where McCausland has his brigade, and New River. They may attempt to come through Greenbrier, but I feel quite confident that if the roads between New River and the main road from Lewisburg to Gauley Bridge are properly obstructed, your brigade and the cavalry attached to it can repel any force they will probably send at this time by that route. If they attempt to pass through Nicholas and Pocahontas, I think they will probably get into serious trouble. Colonel [W. L.] Jackson ought to be able to hold them in check until we get in their rear. I expect to be in Greenbrier County in a few days. Endeavor to arrest the surveyor and map maker you mentioned.

Very, respectfully and truly, yours, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

ENGINEER BUREAU, June 17, 1863.

Captain T. B. LEE,

Corps of Engineers, Provisional Army C. S., Richmond, Va.:

CAPTAIN: The advance of our forces upon Winchester and Martinsburg, Va., will probably give us control of a part of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and possibly of a portion of the rollingstock, machinery, tools, &c. By a prompt effort much valuable property may be seized and brought up the Valley on the fine roads of that region to points of safety.

It is believed that the workshops at Martinsburg are well supplied with tools, machinery, and materials much needed by the railroads of the Confederacy, and that many parts of the engines and cars that may fall into our hands can be secured, viz, wheels and axles, tires, springs, brass work, &c. Your knowledge of the wants of our railroads will enable you to select other parts that will be useful to them; of these you will collect all you can. You will proceed without delay to the lower part of the Valley, and confer with the commander of the forces in that section, asking such assistance and protection as it may be in his power to give in the execution of the important work committed to your charge.

Before leaving Richmond, you will confer fully with Colonel Garnett and Captain Walker, commissioners, as to the best method of procedure.

On your way to Winchester, you will report at General Lee`s headquarters, and arrange with Colonel Corley, chief quartermaster, for assistance, through his subordinate officers, serving with the forces in the Valley.

Possibly a portion of any kind of transportation captured from the enemy might be employed in removing property seized by you.

You will inform General Lee fully as to the duties assigned to you, and ask of him all necessary authority for their successful prosecution.

You are authorized to employ all necessary mechanics and experts for the accomplishment of the work undertaken.

