
RICHMOND, June 20, 1863.

General D. H. HILL,

Petersburg, Va.:

The President directs that the movement of the troops called for by the Secretary`s dispatch of this date will commence at once with Ransom`s old brigade to Drewry`s Bluff, and Jenkins` brigade to Petersburg, to be held in readiness to follow; the artillery and wagons to follow by the common road. In the absence of General Hill, the movement will be executed by General Ransom, who is expected to accompany the troops.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, June 20, 1863.

General ISAAC R. TRIMBLE, Staunton:

No troops can be spared from here at this time.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

HANOVER JUNCTION, June 20, 1863-6 p. m.

Major-General ELZEY:

GENERAL: My scouts report a raiding party, 300 strong, at King and Queen Court-House, burning and destroying; their destination said to be Walkerton; also report a gunboat at West Point. Will learn more as soon as possible. They are said to have come from Gloucester Point.

M. D. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Let Colonel Godwin get his men together, and go in pursuit of these marauders in King and Queen. By a forced march he ought to be able to come up with them.

[ARNOLD ELZEY.]
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, June 20, 1863.

His Excellency Governor VANCE, Raleigh:

SIR: The matter of labor is one of exceeding great importance here. In compliance with your wishes, I have sent off nearly all the force. Some few must be retained, it being absolutely impossible to dispense with them. I respectfully urge that as soon as the crops are secured, you will furnish me with a fresh supply. The demands upon me are very great here; the necessities still greater. The presence of a much more active naval commander to control the movements of the enemy`s fleet makes it most probable that he will attempt our batteries. It is most important that our obstructions and batteries be completed. Without negro labor I cannot do it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

