
MURFREES DEPOT, June 20, 1863.

[General D. H. HILL:]

GENERAL: It is my impression, from the fact that the Yankees are reported to have made a forced march to Suffolk, that Milroy`s misadventure is calling away the troops that were here.

If their forces from our department are withdrawn in consequence of General Lee`s movements, I beg as a personal and great favor that you will arrange with General Cooper to send my brigade, if any is sent, to Lee`s army.

I fear, however, that such good fortune is not for me this campaign. From the scattered positions of my regiments during months past, the discipline and morale of the brigade has suffered to some extent. I am extremely anxious to get it in the best possible trim, so that, when opportunity offers, we may do something for the old State. Our unsettled condition here prevents any progress, and as soon as it is definitely settled that no further use will be had for us here, I trust your kindness will place me where I can act with effect, and if you think I cannot be sent to join General Lee, I would be more than glad to be sent to Kinston, where I may make myself familiar with the scene of probable operations, and establish a wholesome discipline in my brigade.

I have not heard a word from the gunboats. I have sent scouts beyond Suffolk to report at once any movement of the Yankees.

With high regards, most truly, your obedient servant,

M. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General.

N. B. -Questions of forage here would render it advantageous not to remain longer than necessary.
HDQRS. TWELFTH NORTH CAROLINA BATTALION, Hertford County, N. C., June 20, 1863.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON,Petersburg, Va.:

MAJOR: A dispatch from Captain C. G. Wright, commanding battalion near Colerian, was received on the 18th instant, at 5 p. m., stating the enemy was landing at that place from five gunboats and transports, and asking my immediate assistance. My mounted force was in the saddle in a few minutes, and before daybreak we were within reach of Captain Wright, who had posted himself advantage-ously 5 miles north of Colerain. But the bird had flown; the gunboats pushed off, and have gone down the Chowan River. Thus were we again disappointed in our anticipation of a brush with the cowardly invader. We were in the saddle nearly all night and ten hours to-day, and the dullness of my communication may be attributed to fatigue and loss of rest.

After the affair of the 17th at the rifle-pits near Jordan`s Fishery, the two gunboats proceeded up the Chowan River as far as Manny`s Ferry, near the Virginia line, evidently intimidated, having done no damage save wounding three of my men; two slightly, one severely in right side by a Minie ball. His case is critical, and as I cannot rely upon the prompt attention of local physicians, allow

