
wick's corps has recrossed the river, and to have them hauled at once to Aquia Creek, and, with the wagons, placed in readiness to be towed to Alexandria. The teams will be sent up by land, via Dumfries and Gloucester. The general also directs that as early as to-morrow night you have the Occoquan bridged with one bridge where the Telegraph road crosses the Occoquan. If you should require assistance, you will call on Major-General Sedgwick and on the chief quartermaster for the tug to tow your pontoons into position on the Occoquan. Every part of this order must be rigidly executed without failure.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,June 13, 1863-7 p. m. (Received July 14, 8 p. m.)

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

You will push your corps, and march early to-morrow morning for Manassas Junction, and take post so as to cover the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, reporting to General Hooker at Dumfries. Send your trains off at once.

JOHN. F. REYNOLDS,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

------------
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 13, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General Reynolds, Commanding at Bealeton:

I have a brigade at Warrenton, with pickets at Sulphur Springs and Waterloo, with scouts to Amissville; another brigade at Thoroughfare Gap, and another brigade picketing the Rappahannock. In case this latter brigade is only needed to picket between United States Ford and Kelly's, a regiment would be sufficient. I should very much like to have the rest of the brigade, as I am short- handed. I mention this in case a former dispatch has not reached you. I have advised Howard to picket strongly to his right and front.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

------------

JUNE 13, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General STAHEL,

Fairfax:

A brigade of Pleasonton's ordered to Thoroughfare Gap to-night. Have you any force at Aldie, and any scouts beyond there? Was to be informed of everything in that direction.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

------------

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, June 13, 1863-8 p. m.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

I am advised by General Butterfield that will relieve my pickets at Bank's Ford by infantry, if there is any delay in the cavalry report-

