
Organization of troops in the Department of North Carolina, Major General D. H. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding, about June 20, 1863. *

Clongman`s Brigade.

8th North Carolina.

31st North Carolina.

51st North Carolina.

61st North Carolina.

1st North Carolina Heavy Artillery.

Cooke`s Brigade.

15th North Carolina.

27th North Carolina.

46th North Carolina.

48th North Carolina.

Cooper`s battery.

Colquitt`s Brigade.

6th Georgia.

19th Georgia.

23rd Georgia.

27th Georgia.

28th Georgia.

Artillery.

Bunting`s battery.

Cumming`s battery.

Dickson`s battery.

Moore`s battery.

Starr`s battery.

REMARKS. -Major General W. H. C. Whiting commanding District of the Cape Fear; headquarters, Wilmington, N. C. Colquitt`s and Cooke`s brigades and the artillery at Kinston, N. C., Brigadier-General Colquitt commanding.
HEADQUARTERS PICKETT`S DIVISION, Berryville Pike, June 21, 1863.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in point of numerical strength this division has been very much weakened. One brigade (Jenkins`) was left on the Blackwater. Corse was left at Hanover Junction as a guard by my own order, upon the receipt of a telegram from the general commanding this army to bring up my division to Culpeper Court-House if I could leave the Junction. Being anxious to carry out his wishes, I marched immediately with three brigades, leaving Corse with orders to follow as soon as relieved, and sent a staff officer to Richmond to report the circumstance to the Adjutant-General, and reported the fact by telegraph and letter to the commanding general.

I have now only three brigades, not more than 4, 795 men, and unless these absent troops are certainly to rejoin me, I beg that another brigade be sent to this division ere we commence the campaign. I ask this in no spirit of complaint, but merely as an act of justice to my division and myself, for it is well known that a small division will be expected to do the same amount of hard service as a large one, and, as the army is now divided, my division will be, I think, decidedly the weakest.

Hoping the general commanding will give this request his consideration, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND, June 21, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Chaffin`s Farm:

SIR: I have reliable information that the enemy have concentrated

20, 000 men at Yorktown, with the avowed purpose of advancing

-

---------------

* The list from which this was compiled was forwarded by General R. E. Lee to the Adjutant and Inspector General, June 22, 1863.

---------------

