
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, June 21, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Petersburg, Va.:

Your telegram just received. Enemy have withdrawn from Suffolk, and have concentrated to the number probably of 20, 000 at Yorktown, for advance on Richmond. Make disposition of your forces promptly to render aid, if necessary.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

PETERSBURG, June 21, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Captain [Nathaniel W.] Small has deciphered your telegram for me. Ransom`s brigade, with five batteries, has been ordered to Drewry`s Bluff. I have ordered up Jenkins from the Blackwater. He cannot get here till to-morrow. Suffolk has not been evacuated, though it soon may be.

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

HANOVER JUNCTION, [June 21], 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY:

GENERAL: Last information from Colonel Godwin reports the enemy`s cavalry at from 200 to 500 strong, at Little Plymouth, King and Queen County, returning to Gloucester Point.

M. D. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers 72. HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 21, 1863.

While in the enemy`s country, the following regulations for procuring supplies will be strictly observed, and any violation of them promptly and rigorously punished.

I. No private property shall be injured or destroyed by any person belonging to or connected with the army, or taken, excepting by the officers hereinafter designated.

II. The chiefs of the commissary, quartermaster`s, ordnance, and medical departments of the army will make requisitions upon the local authorities or inhabitants for the necessary supplies for their respective departments, designating the places and times of delivery. All persons complying with such requisitions shall be paid the market price for the articles furnished, if they so desire, and the officer making such payment shall take duplicate receipts for the same, specifying the name of the person paid, and the quantity, kind, and price of the property, one of which receipts shall be at once forwarded to the chief of the department to which such officer is attached.

III. Should the authorities or inhabitants neglect or refuse to comply with such requisitions, the supplies required will be taken from the nearest inhabitants so refusing, by the order and under the directions of the respective chiefs of the departments named.

IV. When any command is detached from the main body, the

