HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1863.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL:

GENERAL: Your letter of 6 p. m. yesterday has been received. If your are ready to move, you can do so. I think your best course will be toward the Susquehanna, taking the routes by Emmitsburg, Chambersburg, and McConnellsburg. Your trains had better be, as far as possible, kept on the center route. You must get command of your cavalry, and use it in gathering supplies, obtaining information, and protecting your flanks. If necessary, send a staff officer to remain with General Jenkins. It will depend upon the quantity of supplies obtained in that country whether the rest of the army can follow. There may be enough for your command, but none for the others. Every exertion should, therefore, be made to locate and secure them. Beef we can drive with us, but bread we cannot carry, and must secure it in the country.

I send you copies of a general order on this subject, which I think is based on rectitude and sound policy, and the spirit of which I wish you to see enforced in your command. I am much gratified at the success which has attended your movements, and feel assured, if they are conducted with the same energy and circumspection, it will continue. Your progress and direction will, of course, depend upon the development of circumstances. If Harrisburg comes within your means, capture it. General A. P. Hill arrived yesterday in the vicinity of Berryville. I shall move him on to-day, if possible. Saturday Longstreet withdrew from the Blue Ridge. Yesterday the enemy pressed our cavalry so hard with infantry and cavalry on the Upperville road that McLaws` division had to be sent back to hold Ashby`s Gap. I have not yet heard from there this morning. General Stuart could not ascertain whether it was intended as a real advance toward the Valley or to ascertain our position.

The pontoons will reach Martinsburg to-day, and will be laid at the point you suggest, 4 or 5 miles below Williamsport, if found suitable. I have not countermanded your order withdrawing the cavalry from Charlestown. I will you again if I receive information affecting your movements.

Trusting in the guidance of a merciful God, and invoking His protection for your corps, I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1863-3. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of this morning from opposite Shepherdstown. Mine of to-day, authorizing you to move toward the Susquehanna, I hope has reached you ere this. After dispatching my letter, learning that the enemy had not renewed his attempts of yesterday to break through the Blue Ridge, I directed General R. H. Anderson`s division to commence its march toward Shepherdstown. It will reach there to-morrow. I also directed General Stuart, should the enemy have so far retired from his front

