
as to permit of the departure of a portion of the cavalry, to march with three brigades across the Potomac, and place himself on your right and in communication with you, keep you advised of the movements of the enemy, and assist in collecting supplies for the army. I have not heard from him since. I also directed Imboden, if opportunity offered, to cross the Potomac, and perform the same offices on your left. I shall endeavor to get General Early`s regiments to him as soon as possible. I do not know what has become of the infantry of the Maryland Line. I had intended that to guard Winchester.

I am, most respectfully, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, June 22, 1863-7. 30 p. m.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Yours of 4 o`clock this afternoon is received. I have forwarded your letter to General Stuart, with the suggestion that he pass by the enemy`s if he thinks that he may get through. We have nothing of the enemy to-day.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Millwood, June 22, 1863-7 p. m.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Lee has inclosed to me this letter for you, * to be forwarded to you, provided you can be spared from my front, and provided I think that you can move across the Potomac without disclosing our plans. He speaks of your leaving, via Hopewell Gap, and passing by the rear of the enemy. If you can get through by that route, I think that you will be less likely to indicate what our plans are than if you should cross by passing to our rear. I forward the letter of instructions with these suggestions.

Please advise me of the condition of affairs before you leave, and order General Hampton-whom I suppose you will leave here in command-to report to me at Millwood, either by letter or in person, as may be most agreeable to him.

Most respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

N. B. -I think that your passage of the Potomac by our rear at the present moment will, in a measure, disclose our plans. You had better not leave us, therefore, unless you can take the proposed route in rear of the enemy.

-

---------------

* Of same date.

---------------

