
MEDICAL DIRECTOR`S OFFICE, Camp near Berryville, Va., June 22, 1863.

Dr. S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon-General, C. S. Army:

SIR: The First and Third Corps of this army are now concentrated in the vicinity of Berryville and the two Gaps of the Blue Ridge-Ashby`s and Snicker`s. I have directed that all our sick and wounded be collected at Jordan`s Springs preparatory to their removal up the Valley to Staunton.

The town of Winchester is in such a filthy condition, and low forms of fever so rife, that I deemed it unwise to permit any of our sick and wounded to remain there. The Yankee sick and wounded prisoners I have ordered to be placed in a hospital camp just out of town.

Jordan`s Springs is a very suitable place for a hospital; the patients are very well cared for and are comfortable.

It will be impossible, however, to feed them here but for a short time. Necessity will compel their removal toward Staunton. I am unable to ascertain definitely whether there are hospitals at Harrison burg and Mount Jackson, and the capacity for their accommodations. These points would make good by-road hospitals, temporarily, in which the sick and wounded who could not bear a long journey in ambulance wagons might be accommodated. It is very desirable, however, that all, if possible, should be sent to Staunton, as those in the intermediate places might fall into the hands of the enemy, in the event of the army`s advance or the abandonment of the Valley. There are between 700 and 800 sick and wounded from every portion of our army at Jordan`s Springs, a vast majority of whom are very slightly sick, and will soon rejoin their commands.

The enemy`s sick and wounded at Winchester number about 500. Our loss in the battle of Winchester was very small. The list of casualties has not yet been received. Much property of all kinds was captured.

The Second Army Corps, who were in advance of the army and fought the battle, appropriated "the spoils. " A large quantity of medical and hospital supplies must have fallen into our hands, but Medical Director McGuire and his medical officers left behind them only the odds and ends. Surgeon McGuire has not yet forwarded an inventory of the captured articles. Every preparation is being made to enter the enemy`s country, as you will perceive from General Orders, Numbers 72, a copy of which I herewith inclose. * I directed Surgeon Geddings to telegraph to you for funds; however, I believe we can manage to make purchases by giving certified receipts, or by transfer of funds from the Quartermaster`s Department to the Medical Department. Colonel Corley informs me that this transfer will be made, if necessary.

If medical officers can be spared from Richmond or other general hospitals, I would respectfully request that 12 or 15 surgeons and assistant surgeons be ordered to report to me, for duty with this army, as soon as practicable.

Our rapid movements and constant skirmishing with the enemy, and insufficient ambulance, make this demand for additional medical officers necessary. I have ordered to Winchester Surgeon [J. E.] Claggett, with other medical officers, who have been on duty at the different temporary hospitals along the lines of railroad.

-

---------------

* See p. 912.

---------------

