
ing to you. I am also instructed to hold it strongly, and shall leave four companies or about 200 men there. Let me know when you can relieve them. I sent an aide to show your cavalry the road.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,June 13, 1863-9 p. m.

General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

Everything quiet to the front and right to-night. Ask the general if General Stahel can picket Thoroughfare Gap, and relieve my brigade there. It makes me very short of men. I have now three brigades on picket. Presently we shall want cavalry, and we will have none.

A. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

------------

JUNE 13, 1863 -10 p. m.

General REYNOLDS,

Per General Barnes:

I have received an order, from which I send extract: This army will be transferred to the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. General Meade will withdraw, under the orders of General Reynolds. The point of concentration of the corps will be in the vicinity of Centreville. General Reynolds will withdraw the forces on the right, making Manasses Junction by forced marches, and, if not ordered to the contrary, proceed to Centreville and take position. Headquarters will be at Dumfries to-morrow (Sunday) p. m. General Reynolds will cause the fords on the Rappahannock to be held by cavalry till Monday morning, and until General Hancock has withdrawn on the left. Beverly, Kelly's, and Banks' will be particularly guarded.

The above is all that relates to the right wing. Shall withdraw Sykes to Hartwood and Barnes to Morrisville, there to await the relief of their pickets, and then proceed to Warrenton Junction, as you direct. Hancock is to relieve my pickets at Banks'. I will proceed myself to Grove Church, and possibly to Bealeton. Have telegraphed Butterfield that your orders have not reached you.

MEADE.

------------

JUNE 13, 1863-10 p. m.

General BARNES:

Forward dispatch to Reynolds. Concentrate your division, as before ordered, at Morrisville, with batteries and trains. Wait there till the cavalry relieve your pickets. Leave strong pickets at Ellis' and Kelly's. Await me at Grove Church, where I will be in a few hours.

MEADE,

Major-General.

