
General Corse was subsequently ordered to remain at the Junction, and I have not heard whether he has yet been sent forward. If not, I think the regiment will suffice for a guard at that point, and wish Corse`s brigade to be ordered to rejoin its division under General Pickett as soon as possible.

He will march by Culpeper Court-House, and thence through Chester Gap to Winchester, where he will be instructed by what route to proceed. I wish to have every man that can be spared, and desire that Cooke`s brigade may be sent forward by the same route, if it is not needed at Richmond. I think there will be no necessity for keeping a large number of troops at that place, especially if the plan of assembling an army at Culpeper Court-House under General Beauregard be adopted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

COMMANDANT`S OFFICE, Drewry`s Bluff, Va., June 23, 1863.

Captain S. S. LEE,

Commanding Drewry`s Bluff, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I send you a signal telegram received here this morning. Brandon is about 40 miles from here (in an air-line). It is reported that there are about 7, 000 troops in this neighborhood. I have advised Major [F. W.] Smith and Captain Simms of the nature of the telegram referred to, and ordered them to keep their officers and men at their posts, &c.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED`K CHATARD,

Commander, C. S. Navy.

[Inclosure.]

JUNE 23, 1863.

Captain LEE:

All quiet above Day`s Neck. Enemy in force opposite Brandon. Federal pickets on Jamestown Island. No movement in the fleet off Newport News.

[J. R.] WOODLEY,

Lieutenant,
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH VIRGINIA CAVALRY, June 23, 1863.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I went yesterday morning to Aquia Creek, where my scouts have been watching the enemy for several days. I found they had removed most of their stores, but had left all their warehouses, engine-houses, depots, wharves, &c., and had four gunboats and two or three sail vessels, keeping up a strict watch over them, shelling the woods, &c., in the vicinity whenever we made our appearance. I took a party and set fire to all of them, destroying all the buildings and wharf at Aquia Creek, and also at Split Rock Landing and Wind-

