
if possible, you will prevent him from gaining possession of the Gaps.

In case of a move by the enemy upon Warrenton, you will counteract it as much as you can, compatible with previous instructions.

You will have with the two brigades two batteries of horse artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]-Do not change your present line of pickets until daylight to-morrow morning, unless compelled to do so.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, HOLCOMBE LEGION, June 24, 1863.

Captain GEORGE D. WISE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have just received the following dispatch from Captain [Edward W.] Capps:

Captain [J. K.] Littleton informs me that there are seven gunboats and transports at West Point, and apparently they are about to effect a landing. Captain Littleton has fallen back to Mangohick Church. I have ordered a scouting party in King William County to ascertain further particulars.

Captain Capps has, I presume, informed Major-General Elzey by telegraph, as he has orders to do so. I am about starting to move my camp to Long Bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SHINGLER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry, Holcombe Legion.

JUNE 24, 1863.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,

Chaffin`s Farm:

The enemy re-enforcing the Peninsula from suffolk. Thirteen steamers left Suffolk loaded with infantry and cavalry. They were bound for the White House or Yorktown. Women and children are ordered to leave Suffolk. The enemy say they intend to burn it. They were re-enforced from Suffolk. Keyes with only 6, 000 men at Fort Magruder, Yorktown, and Williamsburg. Large force went to Hooker from here last week.

[DAVID M.] HARKEY,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Chaffin`s Farm, June 24, 1863.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: In reply to your dispatch of this date, I am directed by the general to say that he has had no report from his pickets of the landing of any troops opposite Brandon, and does not believe

