
enemy`s landing opposite Brandon. I inclose his report, from which you will see the groundlessness of the rumor.

I have just heard from Colonel Shingler that his pickets at New Kent Court-House report that thirteen large boats and one small one have gone up the Pamunkey.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. TABB,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CHARLES CITY COURT-HOUSE, June 25, 1863-9 p. m.

Colonel TABB,

Forge Bridge:

COLONEL: I have just returned from Sandy Point. I first went opposite to Upper Brandon; from thence to the Rowe farm, opposite to Lower Brandon; from there to Tomahund, and have been unable to find or hear from the enemy. All quiet on the Chickahominy and James Rivers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. DORSETT,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company D.
HEADQUARTERS, Chaffin`s Farm, June 25, 1863-12 p. m.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY:

MAJOR: A dispatch has just been received from Colonel Shingler containing a report from Lieutenant [Alexander W.] Edwards, of Captain Capps` company, Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry, stating that the enemy landed at the White House this morning at about 7 or 8 a. m. He could not ascertain their number, but says they pursued his company with cavalry to Tunstall`s Station, and then returned to a point on the railroad about 1 mile distant from the station. Lieutenant Edwards has fallen back this side of Tunstall`s Station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEORGE D. WISE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Chaffin`s Farm, June 25, 1863.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY:

MAJOR: I send you herewith a dispatch just received from Colonel Shingler, reporting fourteen steamers as having passed Cumberland, on the Pamunkey River, which is only 8 miles by water from the White House. The general direct me to say to you that, if this news be correct, he would respectfully suggest the propriety of sending a brigade of infantry to cover the defiles of the Chickahominy, at Bottom`s Bridge, and where the railroad crosses the river. Orders have been sent to Colonel Shingler, in accordance with instructions just received from General Elzey.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE D. WISE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

