
[Inclosure.]

LONG BRIDGE, June 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: My pickets just from Cumberland report thirteen large steamers and one small one, laden with troops, laving passed up the river, and have probably landed at the White House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SHINGLER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Chaffin`s Farm, June 25, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General ELZEY,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch has just been received, informing me that the enemy`s cavalry were advancing up the York River Railroad, and directing Colonel Shingler`s force to watch his movements closely. And order to this effect was sent to Colonel Shingler at 1. 30 p. m., but I will forward this order also to him immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

PETERSBURG, VA., June 25, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

I send you all the reports in regard to the enemy`s strength on my lines.

There seems to be 5, 000 or 6, 000 at New Berne; one brigade, say 2, 000, at Washington, and one at Plymouth; possibly a brigade at Carolina City. There is but a small force at Fort Macon, and I hope that we may capture it; of course, it cannot be held, but the magazines may be blown up.

I am much gratified with the spirit of the troops in my whole department. They are constantly harassing the Yankees and disgusting them with the war. There is scarcely a day in which our scouts do not bring in trophies of killed or chased Yankees.

The surprise of the Fiftieth North Carolina and of a company of cavalry have been our only misfortunes, thanks to a Merciful Father.

I have made arrangements quietly to throw every available man in North Carolina to Richmond, in case of an emergency, and an advance upon the north side is really to be desired. We ought to be able to dispose of 40, 000 without difficulty. An approach on this side is to be much more apprehended.

The works around Petersburg are not completed by more than a mile, and there are many troublesome problems in regard to their defense.

Should there be an advance upon the north side, I would respectfully ask that I may not be kept back at this place.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major- General.

