
HANOVER JUNCTION, June 26, 1863-10 o`clock.

General ELZEY, Richmond:

We have driven the enemy off; can`t say how far. I have two companies in pursuit. We have held every point but the Central Railroad bridge. That is burned. We also lost between 50 and 60 killed, wounded, and prisoners, mostly the latter. I think the enemy is retiring in the direction of Hanover Court-House. I will pursue him. It may be that he has only retired a short distance. Send the re-enforcements.

D. J. GODWIN,

Colonel, &amp;c., Commanding Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, June 26, 1863.

Colonel D. J. GODWIN, Hanover Junction, Va.:

We have certain information that the enemy landed on the south side of the Pamunkey, and advanced to Tunstall`s Station. Ascertain certainly if they are on the north side likewise, or have returned there, and in what force. Telegraph such information as you can get.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HANOVER JUNCTION, June 26, 1863.

JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: Captain [L. W.] Allen has just returned from a scout. He reports that at 2 o`clock on yesterday there was no enemy on the King William or north side at all. He learns also from intelligent gentlemen from New Kent that the enemy is advancing toward Richmond in three columns-one by Diascund Bridge, on the James City, one by Barhamsville, on the Williamsburg road, and one by the White House, each column estimated at from 5, 000 to 7, 000 strong.

I am scouting the King William side thoroughly, and will keep you advised of everything important. I will scout also on the south side of the Pamunkey.

D. J. GODWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, June 26, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Petersburg, Va.:

The force landed at White House yesterday was about 6, 000, infantry and cavalry. They brought two locomotives and full train of cars, which they at once put on the railroad track, and advanced to Tunstall`s Station, 20 miles from the city. No news since. The train is a singular feature in this matter. It may mean real advance, or a purpose merely to produce that impression. Keep prepared for movement.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

