
PETERSBURG, June 26, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

The movement seems to be real. I hope so.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

BURWELL`S BAY, June 26, 1863.

Major [WILLIAM] NORRIS:

I send the following items from the Peninsula: All troops at Suffolk, excepting Corcoran`s Legion and one brigade, have been sent to Yorktown. Three large brigades, numbering 12, 000, left Suffolk on Monday for Yorktown. This is obtained direct from the commissary at Newport News, who supplies Peck with all his fresh beef. The same authority reports that Suffolk will be entirely evacuated. Keyes has 25, 000 or 30, 000 men, and evidently intends advancing. A successful ruse was played upon the people near Yorktown by the embarkation of troops, who at night disembarked. A strong diversion in favor of Hooker is evidently intended. Negroes are being enrolled as fast as caught. A number have been carried from Suffolk to Newport News. Farmers` stock in the vicinity is seized for their subsistence.

General Dix and staff left for the army yesterday morning. He assumes command. The estimate of the Peninsula corps is not overestimated.

C. H. CAUSEY,

Captain, C. S. Army.

PETERSBURG, VA., June 27, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

My adjutant, Major [Archer Anderson, goes over to ascertain the condition of things below, so that I may know whether Colquitt should be ordered up. I think he ought not to come till the movement be fully developed. The North Carolina Railroad is of immense importance to us, and it can be cut when he is gone. On the other hand, if he is not here to take the place of Jenkins, this town could be taken by a handful of cavalry.

So soon as the Yankees have abandoned their gunboats and fully developed their intentions, I think everything should be abandoned for the time being, Corse and Colquitt brought in, and an attack made upon the thieves.

We can, for an emergency, bring together enough troops to make Dix the subject of the cartel which he helped to frame.

Yours, respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

BOTTOM`S BRIDGE, via MEADOW STATION, June 27, 1863.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy, in large force of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, came up the main Telegraph road this morning, and has gone

