
BOTTOM`S BRIDGE, June 27, 1863.

[GEORGE D. WISE:]

CAPTAIN: I received last night the following dispatch from Mr. Garrett, one of my scouts:

Golding, Cotten, Tribble, and myself crossed the rive at Shields` Point, and went over to the Six-Mile Ordinary without seeing any of the enemy. Generals Keyes and Gordon have moved their headquarters higher up, toward Diascund. From the best information we can obtain, their force must be nearly 20, 000. Ten pieces of artillery passed up yesterday evening.

I have been informed that Captain Capps was thrown from his horse on Thursday, and went up to Richmond.

Some six or eight steamers came up the Pamunkey River yesterday, and it is said one went as high up as Mr. Garlick`s. The party was not near enough to see whether they had troops aboard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SHINGLER,

Colonel, &amp;c.

ENGINEER BUREAU, June 27, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Comdg. Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina, Petersburg, Va.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 26th instant, I have to say that Captain [Thaddeus] Coleman cannot be transferred from your department, unless the engineering operations connected with your command can be directed by the other engineer officers on duty with you, in a manner satisfactory to yourself.

It is not possible for this Bureau to furnish you additional negroes to labor on your defensive lines. I hope you will have them completed by details of soldiers.

If you can hold a position so salient as the heights opposite Clifton, I think Captain Coleman will be fully competent to examine the peculiarities of the ground, and decide as to the location and character of the necessary works. In no field, perhaps, would his services be more valuable.

We had a large body of negroes employed on the defenses of Northern Virginia until the 10th of April last, when the Honorable Secretary of War directed that the whole force should be sent to their owners, to be employed in the cultivation of the soil.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers and Chief of Bureau.

SALT SULPHUR SPRINGS, June 27, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I received yesterday your letter of the 20th instant. * Colonel W. L. Jackson will move from Huntersville toward Beverly today or to-morrow, to threaten, and, if practicable, capture that place. His subsequent movement will depend on the information I may receive as to the numbers and position of the enemy in Northwestern Virginia.

-

---------------

* See p. 906.

---------------

