
been the result of want of proper caution on his part. I hope it will have the effect of teaching proper circumspection in future.

Upon arriving at Chambersburg to-day, I desire you to relieve General Pickett, who will then move forward to this place. You will, of course, establish guards on the roads leading to your position, and take every precaution for the safety of your command. Obtain all the flour that you can load in your wagons from the mills in your vicinity, and if you cannot get sufficient, I believe there are 700 or 800 barrels at Shippensburg, about 10 miles north of Chambersburg, on the Carlisle road. You must turn off every body belonging to the army on the road to Gettysburg. The reserve trains of the army are parked between Greenwood and Cashtown, on said road, and tomorrow I desire you to move up to this place, establish yourself so as to command the cross-roads and roads leading into town, throw out pickets on the roads to Shippensburg, New Guilford, Chambersburg, and Greencastle, and establish a separate picket at Greencastle, to turn off all persons seeking the army by the direct road from Greencastle to Greenwood. It will be necessary for to have your men well together and always on the alert, and to pay strict attention to the safety of the trains, which are for the present placed under your charge, and upon the safety of which the operations of this army depend.

You will at the same time have an opportunity of organizing your troops, refreshing them for a day or two, and getting everything prepared for active operations in the field, for which you will be speedily wanted.

Sent word to General Pickett at this place to-morrow, which is 8 miles from Chambersburg, the hour when you will arrive here, in order that he may be prepared to move on your arrival. My headquarters for the present will be at Cashtown, east of the mountains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., July 1, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

General Elzey applying to be relieved from his present command in-chief in this department, General D. H. Hill is temporarily assigned thereto.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, Numbers 156.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., July 1, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

XIV. Major-General Elzey, on his own application, is relieved from the command of the Department of Richmond, and Major General D. H. Hill is temporarily assigned to that command. *

* * * * * * * *

By command of [the Secretary] of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

-

* See Seddon to Hill, July 2, 1863, p. 956.

---------------

