
JUNE 13, 1863.

Mr. CALDWELL:

SIR: The general desires that the office at Stafford Court-House be kept open to-morrow, to receive all dispatches after he leaves here and this office is closed, and Generals Sedgwick and Hancock have passed there; that the offices at Bealeton and Warrenton be kept open until our cavalry pass through those points, respectively; that the telegraph from Aquia to Falmouth be kept open to-morrow, and the operators withdrawn from Falmouth under General Hancock's direction; that operators be sent from Washington to Manassas and Bristoe, if not there already; that this be communicated to General Hancock, who will be instructed to destroy the lines before his rear guard passes. General Meade will be instructed to have the telegraph from here to Bealeton destroyed by his rear guard. The office here not to be removed until the last moment, when the general leaves and the camp is moved.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW YORK CAVALRY, Kettle Run,June 13, 1863.

Colonel O. DE FOREST,

Fairfax Court-House:

Returned last night at 11 p. m., with 1 captain and 6 men of Mosby's command, and 10 horses. Mosby returned from raid in Maryland about 2 p. m. on the 11th. He brought 17 prisoners of the Sixth Michigan, and dispersed his men at Middleburg four hours before the telegram was written ordering us in pursuit of him. He is reported to have had 110, men but no artillery. The prisoners will be sent in by first train.

J. HAMMOND,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

------------

BALTIMORE, June 13, 1863.

Major-General COUCH,

Comdg. Dept. of the Susquehanna, Chambersburg, Pa.:

Ewell, with Jackson's old division, and in force, has been fighting us since last night at Winchester, and is pressing on to Martinsburg. I have not the means to check him at the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad or at the Potomac River. I shall concentrate all I can to hold Maryland Heights.

ROBT. C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

------------

BALTIMORE, MD., June 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel DONN PIATT,

Chief of Staff, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

Am quite too unwell for clear or active work. Will expect you this evening. Milroy telegraph me yesterday that ho could at any

