
I have decided to send Cooke up to the support of Hall as soon as transportation can be gotten for him, if not too late. Where is Hall now?

Ought not Corse to be brought back to Hanover Junction? If the Yankees establish themselves there, they will be hard to dislodge. I have thought that this might be their policy.

In view of the large force reported by Hall, it may be well enough to let Colquitt come on.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, July 3, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: I understand you have returned.

What is the situation of the enemy's forces between us and the White House? They are advancing on Hanover. I have no troops on this side to send to Hall. He has been strengthened by about 1, 000 convalescents. I have had to draw Rhett's command to the inner line of defenses and relieve it by convalescents; poor dependence.

If Colonel Lightfoot is in your neighborhood, please direct him to report to Colonel Rhett. I sent him the order, but am not aware that he received it. Please let me know what is your opinion of the enemy's plans. Colonel Hall reports enemy advancing in large force of cavalry. I am afraid we shall lose all at Hanover.

Very respectfully,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,July 3, 1863-11. 10 a. m.

Major General ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Hill has returned to his headquarters at Williams' house. He desires to know whether you have any intelligence from Hanover, and requests that you will cause the superintendent of the military telegraph lines to hurry up the construction of the line to this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Everything seems to be complete about the telegraph line excepting an operator to put it in operation.

RICHMOND, VA., July 3, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I do not see how any troops can be spared from here. General Hill has the three brigades with him; probably he might spare some. The dispatch has been sent to him.

61 R R - VOL XXVII, PT III

