
I have been doing all I can to relieve Rhett's command in front, and draw it into the inner line of works; not yet accomplished, owing to delay in arming men.

I think the enemy have divided their forces into two columns, one to Hanover and the other to Chickahominy; both large. We ought not to weaken Richmond too much. I hope Hall may hold out. General Hill has returned to his headquarters at Williams' house.

Very respectfully,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

JULY 3, 1863.

General ELZEY, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: If you can relieve Cooke on the picket line, I will order him to Hanover Junction. Can you furnish transportation for his three regiments and [R. L.] Cooper's battery?

Cooke's men are much exhausted, and in no condition to move to-night, but I suppose it must be done. Let me know when your transportation will be ready, and at what point to report. I wish the telegraph operator was sent out here. We may lose Richmond by these delays in the courier line.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

P. S. - Where is Custis Lee's command?

JULY 3, [1863.]

General ELZEY:

GENERAL: I do not understand your disposition of forces. If we abandon the outer line at one point, it is abandoned at all. Does the outer line envelop the city on the left as well as the right? I have not been able to ride round to ascertain. If it does, Lee's command should be brought up at once, and placed about the Brook turnpike, at Stuart's, to cover the outer lines. I must get you to issue the order to him, as I do not exactly understand my position, the Secretary's order not having reached me.

From your note received a few minutes ago, I had decided to send Cooke up to the support of Hall.

Where is Hall? Where is Corse? Why is not Corse sent down to Hanover? When Cooke leaves, I will have to depend upon you to supply his place with Custis Lee.

The map only represents the third line as covering the railroad, and has no second line on it. Please let me know what these lines cover. Lee should be ordered up forthwith.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND, July 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General WINDER,

Commanding Department of Henrico:

GENERAL: Colonel [H. H.] Walker sends word that he has sent 484 men up to the Junction, in addition to the 300 sent yesterday. He

