
It seems to me that these principles have mostly been ignored in our great struggle, and we have heretofore carried on the war depending on the enemy for the development of his various crude and frustrating them. It has, therefore, been a series of great and widely extended conflicts and of many battles, glorious to us, indeed, but indecisive.

I hope the best from Lee's army, but do not know his movements sufficiently to express an opinion as to the present aspect. Hooker is a fool, and always was, and that's a comfort. I am very proud to have belonged to that renowned Army of Virginia, which, organized on the 19th of July, two years ago, under yourself and General Johnston, commenced its splendid career of unbroken victories on the famous field of Manassas.

I am not apprehensive about Richmond; am fearful for the railroad lines of this State. Colquitt, with his brigade, the only troops now in North Carolina besides mine, is under orders to leave Kinston for Richmond. This completely uncovers the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, and even exposes Raleigh to a cavalry raid. At hope for aid from you, who have sent all your available troops to of Johnston in the west, will so demoralize the baffled enemy that they will be afraid to attempt much.

I am still pushing my works, but at a great disadvantage, from scarcity of labor, the Governor having recalled all the negroes; a bad move, but, perhaps, justified to secure the crops. If attacked, my great trouble will be the want of troops.

I received your nephew's letter. His property is in no danger.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. C. WHITING.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 4, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In pursuance of verbal directions given you last night, I desire you to take charge of the train belonging to this army, which I have directed to be assembled in the vicinity of Cashtown this afternoon.

I advise that you start the train at least by 5 p. m. to-day, and endeavor to push it through to Greencastle by to-morrow morning by the road turning off at Greenwood. Thence you can follow the direct road to Williamsport, where the train must be put across the Potomac at once, and advance beyond Falling Waters, whence it can proceed more leisurely to Winchester. It will be necessary to escort it beyond Martinsburg, at least as far as Bunker Hill. I have directed two batteries to report to you this afternoon, to accompany the train, so that you may have sufficient artillery to guard the front and rear, and distribute along at intervals, in order to repel any attack that may be made along the line by parties of the enemy. I advise that in turning off at Greenwood you have your scouts out on the Chambersburg road until the rear of your train has passed it, and

