
that you also keep scouts out on your left toward Waynesborough. From Greencastle you had better send a scouting party through Hagerstown, and hold that place until the train shall have crossed the river. At the river you can post your artillery to hold the for, keeping out your scouts toward Hagerstown, Boonsborough, &amp;c., until further orders. After the train has reached a place of safety, you can return to the Maryland side, taking position in front of Hagerstown, so as to keep open communications. I need not caution you as to preserving quiet and order in your train, secrecy of your movements, promptness and energy, and increasing vigilance on the part of yourself and officers. I inclose a letter to the commanding officer at Winchester, which I wish you would forward to him immediately upon crossing the river, unless you can find opportunity to send it securely before.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

P. S. - I desire you to to turn back everybody you may meet on the road coming to join this army, to Falling Waters.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 4, 1863.

Commanding Officer at Winchester:

SIR: I wish you to convey to the commanding officers of the regiments of Ewell's corps, instructions, from me to proceed to Falling Waters, where they will take position, and guard the pontoon bridge at that place, and also the ford at Williamsport, holding there all persons belonging to this army, and collecting all stragglers from it. Any sick, of course, will be forwarded to Winchester. The senior officer present will take command. Should it be necessary that a part of that force remain in Winchester, you have my authority for retaining it there. Upon the arrival of the sick and wounded at Winchester, they will be forwarded to Staunton as rapidly as possible, as also any surplus articles not needed for the army in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

JULY 4, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Your note and information received.

I have already all the strength on the roads mentioned by you that can be furnished by me. Probably General Hill, to whom I have communicated your dispatch, may be able to supply some.

We may see something of the enemy to-morrow, if he has been successful; but the firing was too brief to induce the belief.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.

