
In regard to the assignment do duty, anything will suit me that is definite and fixed. I would not, for any consideration, have General Elzey`s feelings wounded.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

WILLIAMSBURG ROAD, July 4, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

I am afraid that this mixed command will result in evil.

At 11 a. m. yesterday, I wrote to General Elzey to get transportation for Cooke`s brigade, and one battery with its horses. I sent in two couriers during the day to know whether the transportation was ready. At 10 o`clock at night I received a note from General Elzey that transportation was ready for one regiment, and one battery with its horses; at 1 o`clock this morning that the battery could not go.

A movable battery with its horses would be worth more than a brigade in a fight across a rive, r and it is dreadful for men to be exposed to an artillery fire without the means of replying.

I believe that General Elzey and myself are both anxious to do our whole duty, but our relative position does not seem to be defined. I do not, for my part, know whether I have the mere command of the three outer brigades or of the whole, If the latter be the correct view, I ought to control the transportation and movement of troops and their disposition around the city. If the former be intended, then I should not be held responsible for anything but the handling of the three brigades in battle.

I hope that you will pardon the freedom of this letter, and believe that it is dictated by no spirit of captiousness or desire for command. I simply wish to secure an efficient organization and have one controlling mind. The present division of authority may be fatal.

I would, therefore, respectfully suggest that all orders be issued directly through you; that General Elzey be held responsible for the local troops and I for the three brigades.

The present arrangement can only result in mischief.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

WELDON, July 4, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

Have halted my brigade here; gone into camp, and will await instructions.

A. H. COLQUITT,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 4, 1863.

General COLQUITT, Weldon, N. C.:

Come here with your brigade with all dispatch.

We are threatened seriously.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

