
The general commanding Eighth Army Corps leaves much of the conduct of this important mission to the discretion of Brigadier-General Tyler, and only suggests Bunker Hill, 9 miles from Winchester, on the Martinsburg pike, as a suitable position on which to make a stand in case he should find the rebels in force between him and Major-General Milroy. General Tyler will keep constantly in communication with General Milroy during this co-operation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schenck:

[WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

HARRISBURG, PA.,

June 13, 1863-2. 35 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

If the rebel cavalry move across the Potomac, will the cavalry of General Hooker's army pursue them, or be used to retard their movements? My object in asking is to know whether my duty as Executive of this State, under direction of the President, may not require an immediate call of the militia to resist invasion. Please advise me fully.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

------------

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington,

June 13, 1863-3. 45 p. m.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

In reply to your telegram in regard to the intended movements of General Hooker's cavalry, and the necessity of an immediate call by you of the militia, I respectfully suggest the impropriety of my advising otherwise than through my official superiors, the Secretary of War and the President.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

------------

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,

Numbers 19. June 13, 1863.

I. The following changes and assignments are made in the staff

department of this corps:

Assistant adjutants-general. -Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Alexander, chief of staff, and assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. J. Cohen, assistant adjutant-general.

Inspector-general's department. -Major W. H. Crocker, Sixth New York Cavalry, assistant inspector-general; Captain John Green, Second U. S. Cavalry, assistant inspector-general; Captain F. C. Newhall, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, assistant inspector-general.

Quartermaster's department. -Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, chief quartermaster; First Lieutenant J. W. Spangler, Sixth U. S. Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster.

7 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

