
Roads on which he is at present, as his cavalry forms a part of the forces for local defense. He could exchange duties with the cavalry (Major [John F. Wren`s) at present in front of me.

Lieutenant-Colonel [W. L.] Brown, with the two battalions from the ordnance workshops (Thirteen companies), holds the Meadow Bridge road; Lieutenant [R. D.] Minor, of the navy, with his battalion, and the one composed of the clerks of the various Departments of the Government (Twelve companies in all), hold the Brook turnpike; Major [R. /P.] Waller, with the employees of the clothing bureau, &amp;c., forming his battalion of four companies, holds the road and county bridge intermediate between the two.

Colonel [Joseph] Selden, in command of the forces raised by the Governor of Virginia, which have not been turned over to the Confederate States, holds, at my suggestion, a position extending from the Brook turnpike to a road a little to the left of the Richmond and Fredericksburg Railroad. Colonel Selden, I am told, has something over 1, 500 men in his command. If Brigadier-General [H. H.] Walker has sufficient force to reach from the river to the Fredericksburg Railroad, Colonel Selden could better hold the position from that railroad to the Brook turnpike. If not, he can probably take care of his present position.

Very respectfully,

G. W. C. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 5, 1863-9 p. m.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, C. S. A.:

I sent up a courier this morning to get all the information he could from the front. He says that a considerable battle was fought on the North Anna-musketry and artillery; on the South Anna a mere skirmish with cavalry; Yankees repulsed at both places. At the latter, however, they surprised and captured a dozen of our men.

About 100 came to Ashland, and recrossed at Littlepage`s, burning the bridge.

The trouble here seems to be in the want of a thoroughly organized system of scouts; those employed are not old soldiers, and are very timid.

I am troubled about the news from North Carolina. There was force enough at Magnolia to have whipped the cavalry, but, as they have broken through, they may go on and destroy the Fayetteville arsenal.

I wished to fortify Fayetteville some time ago, and urged the Governor to guard it with militia. If the Yankees would go up and catch the legislature, they would do the State an infinite Service.

Where have the Yankees gone? The design on Richmond was not a feint but a faint. I fear that they may go up to Gordonsville and Staunton, and down the Valley, doing much mischief. It may be, however, that they will march direct for Washington, vie Aquia Creek; if so, some of our force ought to go up to Lee, who is, doubtless, hard pressed.

In spite of their boast of numbers, I doubt whether the Yankee force has ever exceeded ours. It is mortifying to have them play around us as they have done; but with our imperfect information and de-

