
BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Chaffin`s Farm, July 6, 1863.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch, via Drewry`s Bluff, . at 2 a. m. this morning.

I had previously informed you that, independent of the infantry force of 100 men stationed at the Long Bridge, Major [John R. Robertson`s battalion of cavalry and [L. J.] Hawley`s company, in all numbering about 100 men, are also there, less the number required to picket the different fords on the Chickahominy, to watch the James River, and perform the courier duty required between those posts and here. About 36 of this number are dismounted; they will aid the infantry in the resistance that will be made to the enemy`s advance. This duty is very heavy on this cavalry, not allowing sufficient men for a relief.

Captain [P. H.] Fitzhugh, in command of the infantry at Long Bridge, is throwing up redoubts at that point, for its more successful defense.

Yesterday, as your Were informed, the enemy made a reconnaissance with about 25 cavalry. Major Robertson reports that his cavalry followed them in their retreat toward Talleysville; and that one or more were killed or severely wounded by the fire of the infantry on the 4th instant, the enemy`s cavalry appeared in front of the picket at Haxall`s; shots were exchanged, but it was not compelled to leave its post. Major Robertson apprehends that the enemy intend to advance, or make a raid by the fords (of which there are three) between the Long Bridge and the Forge Bridge. He will Watch them closely at all points.

On yesterday, the 5th instant, one of the scouts returned from a reconnaissance entirely around Williamsburg; he is reported as a reliable man. He states that the forces at Williamsburg number but 150 men; that a large number of beeves stolen in recent raids are being pastured in the vicinity of Jamestown. The company they had guarding Diascund Bridge has left. If Captain Hawley`s trial has been had, could he be ordered to report to his company; and is it necessary for Lieutenant[J. L.] Capston to remain in Richmond as a witness? If consistent, I would like them both ordered to their company.

Very respectfully and truly,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

SOUTH ANNA BRIDGE,

july 6, 1863-11 a. m.

Major ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR:

Your letter of the 5th instant reached me this morning. I sent duplicate dispatches yesterday morning, which must have reached you ere this. Last night another messenger was sent.

Yesterday evening the enemy`s rear guard was camped on the other side of the Pamunkey, at Littlepage`s Bridge, which they burned.

