
The prisoners I have, 10 in number, and from four different regiments, say they left the White House on Wednesday, with but four days` rations, and that they are now making their way back. They represent the force to consist of three infantry brigades, one of five days` rations brought from the Junction, leaving two there, and will bring that over also in case the enema`s movements indicate a return.

The convalescents were sent here without flies or cooking utensils. It is raining, and many of them are half sick; their condition is, therefore, much worse than I would like. If I am to remain here, I would likely own brigade; on it I know how much to depend. Colonel Lightfoot`s artillery-one Napoleon and a Blakely gun-are nearly out of ammunition. Some is wanted for my Parrots, also for Enfield rifles. It ought to be sen, if possible. My position is between the South Anna and little River.

I have intrenchments nearly completed on both sides of the railroad, running from river to river. I will be tolerably hard to capture. I have twelve guns.

JNO. R. COOKE.

Brigadier-General.

MONDAY, July 6, 1863-1. 30 a. m.

Major-General ELZEY,

Commanding Department of Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL; I have just arrived from Littlepage`s Bridge, 2 miles above Hanover Court-House.

The enemy, after having been repulsed at the bridge over the South Anna, went back, as he came, to the King William side of the river, and burned the bridge in his rear. At 6 p. m. on yesterday he commenced his movement down in the direction of King William Court-House from his encampment at Mr. George Taylor`s.

I am, general, respectfully,

W. T. ROBINS,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

The local forces (excepting militia) have been ordered to be dismissed.

Respectfully,

ARNOLD E. [ELZEY],

Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 6, 1863.

General M. D. CORSE,

Gordonsville, Va.:

Enemy were repulsed at both bridges near the Junction, after a skirmish at the North anna and a brisk action at the South Anna Bridge. They have retired across the Pamunkey into King William, burning abridge behind them.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

