
Commissary department. -Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Austin, chief commissary of subsistence; First Lieutenant D. P. Richardson, Sixth New York, acting assistant commissary of subsistence.

Medical department. -Surg. G. L. Pancoast, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Asst. Surg. G. M. McGill, U. S. Army, medical inspector.

Chief ordnance officer. -Lieutenant Colonel C. R. Smith, Sixth Pennsylvania

Cavalry.

Provost-marshal. -Captain Thomas Drummond, Fifth U. S. Cavalry.

Topographical engineer. -Captain V. E. von Koerber, First Maryland

Cavalry.

Commissary of musters. -Colonel G. A. H. Blake, First U. S. Cavalry.

Chief ambulance officer. -First Lieutenant W. M. Taylor, Eighth Illinois

Cavalry.

Aides-de-camp. -First Lieutenant C. Thomson, First New York Cavalry;

First Lieutenant G. A. Custer, Fifth U. S. Cavalry; First Lieutenant G. W.

Yates, Fourth Michigan Volunteer Infantry; First Lieutenant L. Walker,

Fifth U. S. Cavalry; Captain E. J. Farnsworth, Eighth Illinois Cavalry;

First Lieutenant G. H. Thompson, First Rhode Island Cavalry; First

Lieutenant C. B. McLellan, Sixth U. S. Cavalry; First Lieutenant

E. B. Parsons, Eighth New York Cavalry.

II. The above-named officers are announced to serve in the several

departments to which they are assigned until further orders. They

will be obeyed and respected accordingly, and all communications

concerning business of the staff departments will be addressed to

the chiefs of those departments at these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Pleasonton:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

------------

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,

Numbers 22. Camp near Falmouth, Va. June 13, 1863.

The general commanding cannot part with so large a portion of the gallant Fifteenth Regiment New York Volunteer Engineers, without expressing to them his high appreciation of their valuable services and gallant conduct while under his command. In the operations upon the Peninsula last year, their name and their fame are identified with every important operation of the Engineer Brigade during that struggle. And trough the present campaign, as thus far opened, upon the Rappahannock, in all the efforts made by your gallant comrades of the brigade, the Regular Engineer Battalion and the Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, the Fifteenth Regiment has borne its equal share of arduous labor, privation, and exposure, in every duty it has been called upon to preform. From the ordinary labor or soldier duties of the brigade, to the arduous and rapid march and countermarch to widely distant points, when its services have been called for in the late operations, or the unarmed labor under fire- that severest test of the true soldier's courage-which this brigade is so constantly required to endure; in all, the members of the Fifteenth Regiment have shown a cheerfulness and alacrity, a steady endurance and courage, that cannot and need not be exceeded. Your general loses you with regret, but with the hope that, after a brief return to your homes, and to the well-merited greetings of

