
Yankee sharpshooters advanced. He recommends that the timber be felled and rifle-pits be constructed.

He further suggests that all the troops on the front line be put to work at once, under the direction of the engineer officers.

If labor of this sort can be furnished by General Hill, you will please to employ it in cutting down such forests as in your judgment obstruct the fires from the batteries or offer cover for sharpshooters in the attack.

Infantry cover sufficient for the guards to the batteries should be built, if labor can be had.

If each battery does not afford sufficient cover for the artillerists that serve the guns and a relief for the same, please have the extent of cover enlarged.

Employ such labor-details of soldiers, under command of their officers-in such manner as will add most efficiency to the defensive works around Richmond.

Confer fully with Major General D. H. Hill in regard to his plans for defending the city.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel of Engineers, and Chief of Bureau.

WELDON, July 7, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

General Martin telegraphs me that the enemy are advancing up Roanoke, 600 infantry, three pieces artillery, and 300 cavalry; also three gunboats at Williamston. I have 120 men and two sections of artillery without horses.

Shall I order out the militia? Their object, no doubt, is to destroy the gunboat.

[JOSEPH G.] LOCKHART,

Captain, Commanding, &amp;c.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., July 7, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES, Dublin Station:

Collect your infantry force as rapidly as you can; move them as soon as so collected, so as to make their conveyance by rail convenient and continuous to Charlottesville, where you will receive orders for their ulterior destination, not as yet wholly decided.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

DUBLIN, July 7, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

You telegram received. The movements your order shall be made with all practicable dispatch. If you desire it, can carry two field batteries with the infantry.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

