
master's department for the use of the army. In cases where the parties have purchased, the amounts paid to be refunded by the quartermaster receiving the animal, should it be capable of performing useful service.

This does not apply to persons properly authorized under General Orders, Numbers 72, current series, from these headquarters.

Should it be discovered that horses have been taken and no payment made, they will be returned to the owner, or purchased, as deemed advisable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Sent to Generals Longstreet, Ewell, Hill, and Stuart, and Colonel Corley.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 8, 1863.

Major General GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 7th instant, and hope the arrangements you have made may secure the safety of the trains on the other side of the river. The present storm will place the Potomac beyond fording stage, and I fear you will have to rely upon the boats to pass over the wounded and prisoners. In sending forward the officers, send with them such a guard as will secure their safety, and Garnett's brigade might not be too large to take them to Winchester, but from that point to Saunton I should think a smaller guard would be sufficient. You can use the rest of your division in guarding the remaining prisoners to Winchester. You must halt there, collect all your stragglers, convalescents, &c., and use every exertion to resuscitate the command.

You will assume command at Winchester. I wish you to make every exertion to aid this army, by protecting its trains and coming to its assistance, if necessary.

I do not think Corse can be spared at this time from his present position, and for the present you must rely for recruits upon your convalescents and absentees, which I hope you will gather in.

After reaching Winchester with the prisoners, you can arrange a guard to take them to Staunton, and to Richmond, if necessary.

Establish your headquarters at Winchester for the present, and get together your men as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, July 8, 1863.

General D. H. HILL,

Williams' House:

I telegraphed you last night, on receipt of Cooke's telegram, that I would advise, in lieu of a movement to the Junction, a movement

