
Cooke, I understood that you did not expect the troops to move in that direction, I accordingly sent a courier at dawn to General jenkins, telling him that he need not be at the depot at 9 a. m. As. however, Cooke has written several times to get his own two regiments near New Bridge under Colonel [John A.] Gilmer, jr., and to send back the convalescents, who have neither cooking utensils nor tent flies, I have not countermanded Colonel Gilmer`s orders, and he will be at the depot at 9 o`clock.

If you think Colonel Gilmer ought to be sent back to New Bridge, the bearer of this, mr. [R. H.] Morrison, will convey the order to him.

There is a telegraph office at my tent, and should you wish the movement to go on, or have devised another plan, please let me know by telegraph, that there be no delay.

With great respect,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, July 8, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

I meant you should proceed with the 3, 000 infantry suggested by yourself, and the artillery afterward mentioned, to Charlottesville, there to await orders.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

JULY 8, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

Bring the batteries with you.

J. A. SEDDON,

secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,July 9, 1863-4. 30 p. m.

General STUART, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have received your note of to-day, and regret very much to learn your loss was so great yesterday. I hope your parties that you have sent out may gain us information of the enemy. It is much needed. i hope you will secure all the flour and forage on Beaver Creek. It is very scarce, and the enemy in the Clear Spring Valley are attacking all our wagon trains. yesterday they captured 11 wagons and to-day I have heard of 1. Imboden`s cavalry is on that side. They are unsteady, and, I fear, inefficient. I think it more important to clear them away than to take Chambersburg. I doubt whether a shoe could be found there. They are all hidden or carried off.

Very respectfully,

R. E. LEE,

General.

