
surplus articles belonging to the army, and having them conveyed beyond Winchester. No time should be lost in accomplishing this, and I rely mainly upon you to effect.

No one grieves more than I do at the loss suffered by your noble division in the recent conflict, or honors it more for its bravery and gallantry. It will afford me heartfelt satisfaction, when an opportunity occurs, to do all in my power to recruit its diminished ranks, and to reorganize it in the most efficient manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 9, 1863.

Major General GEORGE E. PICKETT, Commanding, &amp; c.:

GENERAL; Your letter of 9. 20. p. m., July 8, has been received. I regret that you did not send on the Federal officers with the guard assigned them, as you intended, or such portion of the guard as you might deem sufficient. This would have left the whole of General expedited the matter. Unless you can make some better arrangement, I desire you to send them forward as soon as you can do so with safety. If forwarded with a guard of your division, they can be retained in Winchester until General Imboden comes up, when he can push them on ahead of his party. Instead of turning over it may be the best plan to send a portion of General Imboden`s men to the other side to receive them, and send them off as soon as you can. I want you to attend to the whole of this matter.

If there are not guns enough at Williamsport, General Pendleton will, upon your application, place some there. make the best disposition you can for the safety of the prisoners and your position.

As regards the forage for your animals, it is of the utmost importance that they be well supplied, and they had better be sent on the road toward Hagerstown, to points where it can be more easily secured. The grass and grain should be cut and fed to the animals; if they are turned into the fields, they destroy more than they consume. Unless economy is practiced and proper supervision exercised by officers, we shall come to want and starvation.

It is not intended to separate you from your corps, and you will corresponded, as usual, with General Longstreet in reference to your duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 9, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN, Commanding, & c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of 8 p. m. yesterday was received. I hope Colonel [G. W.] Imboden will get correct information as regards the enemy stated by you to be advancing from Hancock. I request you to desire him to sift the reports that may reach him, and report only such as he has reason to believe to be correct.

