
NARROWS, NEW RIVER, July 9, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Your dispatch of this date just received. The movements of troops by the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad delayed by breaks in the road.

About 1, 100 infantry, Colonel [G. C. Wharton] commanding, will leave Dublin to-morrow evening, en route to Staunton and Winchester. The remainder of the number called for are in front of Lewisburg, and ought to leave this evening, according to orders, to march to Millborough, the present terminus of the Virginia Central Railroad; from thence to Staunton by rail.

I left Dublin this morning to go to Moroe, to hurray the movements of Troops and to give necessary orders to the officers left in command in front.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

NARROWS,

July 9, 1863.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram of this date just received. Another, from General Cooper, ordering me to Winchester instead of Charlottesville, I shall obey the last order with all practicable dispatch.

About two-thirds of the corps I design sending were in front of Lewisburg. Agreeably to orders I have given, they ought to march this evening from Millborough; thence by rail to Staunton.

A dispatch of yesterday`s date, by special courier from the officer commanding near Raleigh Court-House, informs me on undoubted commanding near Raleigh Court-House, informs me on undoubted authority that the enemy at Fayetteville had been re-enforced the day before; that they were reconnoitering him in force, and he confidently expected to be attacked. He begs me to re-enforce him by about 1, 000 of the troops now at Lewisburg. As you have ordered them east, of course I cannot send them to McCausland. I only repeat to you the substance of McCausland`s dispatch, that you may have the information, as in the present rapidly changing current of events it may possibly modify your order to me.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, July 9, 1863.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Knoxville:

General Jones leaves with somewhat less than half his force for the east.

I inform you because it may affect your plans.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

