
please inform me by return mail, and the general will then forward you your instructions.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. MYERS,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 10, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: Lieutenant Minor, of the Navy will require some aid from you to enable him to carry out an enterprise in which he is about to embark, and I respectfully request that, if convenient, it may be afforded him.

The enterprise is against the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 10, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I should think it preferable to move colquitt`s brigade altogether, as your aide suggests you desire, if the transportation can be conveniently obtained. It does not appear to me necessary at least just, now to picket all the roads left by the local troops, as all the enemy have certainly left for the lower part of the Peninsula, and could hardly return without some notice. You, However, can best judge.

Mr. Mallory has commended to me Lieutenant Minor, of the navy, who has conceived a plan of taking [W. J.] Dabney`s battery, at Petersburg, and some sailors, to the Potomac, at or about Mathias Point, and operating there against the enemy`s boats, &c. I am not willing to direct such use of the battery and company without your approval, but have promised to submit the application to your consideration. Please let me know your views in relation to it.

Colonel [J. F.] Gilmer urges that the pontoons on the Blackwater should be brought here, as more likely for some time to be needed in this vicinity than there. I have referred that subject likewise to your discretion and judgment.

Charleston is again seriously attacked. A landing of the enemy has been effected south of Morris Island, a dangerous position, I fear.

A battle was being fought this morning at Jackson, Miss., but result not yet known, Still no official or strictly authentic news from General Lees.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

JULY 10, 1863.

General COOPER:

Have your ordered Whiting to send off Clingman`s brigade, or did you expect me to do it? There is no time to be lost.

