
I have not ordered off this brigade, as I supposed you would.

Colquitt will be at the depot by sunset I hope that there will be transportation enough for his whole brigade.

Respectfully,

D. H. HILL,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, July 10, 1863.

Major General D. H. HILL,

Commanding, &amp;c., Richmond:

GENERAL: General Whiting has been directed by telegraph to send Clingman`s brigade immediately to Charleston. It becomes necessary to supply its place by a brigade form here; you will, therefore, order Coulquitt`s brigade to proceed at once to Wilmington, and report to General Whiting.

Very respectfully, & c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 10, 1863.

General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington:

GENERAL: Would it not be practicable to secure the mustering and organization of all the men capable of arms, not already in service in Wilmington, in companies for local defense, under the act of the Provisional Congress of 1861? There is such need of trained soldiers in the field at this time that it is important, as far as practicable, to command all resources for local defense. Such organizations have been in part effected here, and afford valuable auxiliaries for the defense of our lines in an emergency.

I would advise that this subject, if not heretofore attended to, should be pressed on the attention of the mayor and citizens of Willmington, and that your influence should be exerted to accomplish the proposed organizations. I inclose a copy of the law under which the organization had best be made.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 173. July 10, 1863.

I. The brigade of Brigadier-General Iverson, of Rodes` division, is temporarily attached to that of Brigadier-General Ramseur, same division, the whole to be under the command of the latter Officer.]

Brigadier-General Iverson will, until further orders, remain on duty as provost-marshal at Williamsport. The portion of his brigade now at that place will proceed as soon as practicable to rejoin its division.

63 R R-VOL XXVII, PT III

