
sary delay to Winchester. As so small a portion of the force ordered to Winchester is now en route to that place, and the circumstances having so changed as to justify me, I think, in delaying the movement of the others, I shall not go to Winchester myself unless ordered to do so after you receive my telegram of this morning. I have received no orders or instructions in regard to the move to Winchester other than your telegram and one from General Cooper, simply directing me to go with my troops to Winchester, where I would receive orders. If ordered to go to Winchester, I can reach there as soon as Colonel Wharton can with his command.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

SANDY POINT,

July 11, 1863-6 p. m.

General WISE:

Two iron-clad monitors, three wooden gunboats, and five steam transports crowded with troops are now passing Sandy Point Wharf.

All the wooden gunboats are crowded with troops also. I would judge their troops to be near 5, 000.

D. M. HARKEY,

Lieutenant, Commanding Signal Corps.

[P. S.]-Boats passing up James River, above Sandy Point.

[Indorsement.]

Major ARCHER ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Official copy just received from General Wise. I have authorized General Wise to withdraw his infantry force (outpost) to Chaffin`s farm. I am not yet able to leave my bed.

Very respectfully,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, WISE`S BRIGADE,Near Long Bridge, July 11, 1863.

Captain J. H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to respectfully report that my detachment of cavalry arrived about 11 p. m. last evening at Barhamsville. Lieutenant [F. C.] Hume followed the enemy as far down as Casey`s 2 miles this side of Williamsburg, Capturing 20 prisoners, with their arms and equipments, and 11 "American citizens of African descent. " I am glad to say that no casualties occurred on our side. he pressed them closely the whole route, annoying their rear in every possible way, and caused them at length to form line of battle in the field this side of the town. They have gone beyond Williamsburg, and only a few cavalry are seen at the "Oak. "

By an unavoidable accident, 2 of the prisoners escaped, leaving 18

