HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Near Hagerstown, Md., July 12, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Dublin Depot:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say that he has received

information from the War Department that you had been ordered with a force of infantry and artillery to Winchester, and that you would there receive orders from him. He wishes you, on reaching Winchester, to assume command there, and make all possible arrangements for the protection of Government property and the communications of this army.

He also desires that you will cause all men improperly absent from this army, who may be arrested, together with all convalescents and other soldiers en route to join the army, to be organized into parties, under charge of such officers and with such arms as are available, and sent on to Williamsport, that they may rejoin their respective commands.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 12, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES,

Salt Sulphur Springs:

Retain the regiment if required under present circumstances. If only to be required in event of troops being ordered back by the enemy, it would be better to provide for that when it occurs, by sending troops back after temporary service.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary Of War.

SALT SULPHUR SPRINGS, July 12, 1863,

Via DUBLIN, July 13.

(Received, Richmond, July 13.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

In my telegram of yesterday, I omitted to say that as circumstances in my front had so changed as to induce me to withhold two thirds of the troops I intended to send to Winchester, I would not myself start for that place until further instructions by you. If your reply to my telegram of yesterday gives me no instructions on that point, please give me a prompt answer to this.

SAM. JONES.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SECOND BATTALION VIRGINIA CAVALRY,Mount Pleasant, July 12, 1863.

(Received July 13, 2 a. m.)

Captain J. H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Last night at 12 o'clock I ordered Lieutenant J. S. Dorsett to proceed in person to the James River, to observe the movements of the enemy's boats. He reports that he arrived at the Rowe farm at

