594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
tions seems to ooze out. [Laughter.] I can-
not, therefore, rely so much on my chairman as
I used to do. He starts off remarkably well
sometimes, bat he does not always come out
so well. He does not always come out at the
same place where he went in. [Laughter.]
He has an indirect way of doing things some-
times which quite confuses me. You think
he is'going in one direction, and the first thing
you know you find him going in another. I
attempted to follow hiui in regard to the com-
mittee ot'investigation on the condition of the
southern States. I did follow him for a while,
and a, resolution was passed for the appoint-
ment of a committee as preparatory to legis-
lation at the next session in the shape of a bill.
But since that time the gentleman has sup-
ported the bill, in regard to the necessity for
which this committee was to investigate; and
now that the bill has been passed it is pro-
posed that the investigation shall proceed,
nevertheless. Hence I see that, in undertak-
ing to follow the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, I am following an ignis fatuus [laugh-
ter] which would lead me into all kinds of
swampy places. Hence I give notice to the
honorable chairman, [Mr. Dawes,] for whom
I have the kindest regaid personally, that I do
not propose to follow him hereafter in some
of these matters, unless he will give me some
kind of a contract in writing by which he is
to be governed, and which he will not be able
to go back on.
1 am unwilling to take his verbal promise.
We have a statute of frauds that covers cases
of this kind; but there is no redress when the
contract is not in writing. Hence I shall here-
after insist that all these arrangements shall
be in writing, so that we shall be able to under-
stand each other better and keep out of these
quagmires and political dead-falls into which
he has lately led us. Sir, I consider myself
quite an injured man on this alleged southern
outrage question, and what is the worst of it I
fear I have no redress. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I -move now to close all
general debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will allow me a few minutes.
Mr. DAWES. How many?
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like ten-minutes,
though I do not know that I shall use that
much time. I am afraid that I shall not be
able, for private reasons, to be here to-mor-
row.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a subject in which there are
no politics, and to which I hope they will do
me the justice of giving more attention than I
am entitled to ask for very much that I have
occasion to say. On the 17th of July, 1862,
Congress passed a bill known as the confisca-
tion act, the thirteenth section of which I will
read:
"Be it further enacted, Thatthe President ishereby
authorized, at any time hereafter, by proclamation,
to extend to persons who may have participated in
the existing rebellion, in any State or part thereof,
pardon and amnesty, with such exceptions, at such
times, and on such conditions as he may deem ex-
pedient for the public welfare."
That, as I have stated, was passed by Con-
gress on the 17th of July, 1862. On the 8th
of December, 1863, President Lincoln issued
a proclamation, of which I will ask the Clerk
to read the portions which I have marked;
and ou the 29th of May, 1865, President John-
son issued another proclamation, of which I
will ask the Clerk to read a paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States, do proclaim, declare, and make known to
all person* who have, directly or by implication,
participated m the existing rebellion, except as
hereinafter excepted, that full pardon is hereby
granted to them, and each of them, with restora-
tion of alt rights of property, except as to slaves,
and in property cases where lights of third parties
shall have intervened, and upon condition that
every such person shall take and subscribe an oath,
and thenceforward keep and maintain said oath in-
violate; and which oath shall bo registered for per-
manent preservation, and shall be of the tenor and
effect following, to wit:
"'I, , do solemnly swear, in presence of
Almighty God, that I will henceforth faithfully sup-
port, protect, and defend the Constitution of the
United States and the Union of the States there-
under; and that I will in like manner abide by and
faithfully support all acts of Congress passed during
the existing rebellion with reference to slavey, so
long and so far as not repealed, modified, or held
void by Congress, or by decision of the Supreme
Court; and that I will in like manner abide by and
faithfully supportall proclamations of the President
made during the existing rebellion having refer-
ence to slaves, so long and so far as not modified or
declared void by decision of the Supreme Court: so
help me God.'"
The Clerk also read as follows;
"To the end, therefore, that the authority of the
Government of the United States may be restored,
and that peace, order, and freedom may be estab-
lished, I, Andrew Johnson, Presidentot tbeUnited
States, do proclaim and declare that I hereby grant
to ail persons who have, directly or indirectly, par-
ticipated in the existing rebellion, except as herein-
after excepted, amnesty and. pardon, with restora-
tion of ait rights of property, except as to slaves,
and except in cases where legal proceedings, under
the laws of tne United States providing for the con-
fiscation of property of persons engaged in rebel-
lion, have been instituted ; but upon the condition,
nevertheless, that every buch person shall take and
subscribe the following oath, (or affirmation,) and
thencoforward keep and maintain said oath invio-
late ; and which oath shall be registered for perma-
nent preservation, and shall be of the tenor and
effect following, to wit:
" ' I, , do solemnly swear, (or affirm,) in the
presence of Almighty God, that I will hencforth
tnthtully support,protect, and defend the Constitu-
tion ot the United States and the Union of the States
thereunder; and that I will, in like manner, abide
by and support all laws and proclamations which
have been made during the existing rebellion with
reference to the emancipation of slaves: so help mo
God,'"
Mr. MAYNARD. The effect of these pro-
clamations issued by the Executive under the
act of July 17, 18G2, came up for consideration
and decision in the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case of the United States
against Padelford. And in order thatthe point
may appear I will ask the Clerk to read the
third and fourth sections of the syllabus of
that case as given by the reporter. That-case
came before the Court of Claims, which de-
cided in favor of Mr. Padelford. It came up
in the Supreme Court of the United States on
appeal by the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
"3. Taking possession of a city by the national
forces was not, of itself and without some actual
seizure of it in obedience to the orders of.the com-
manding general, a capture, within the meaning of
the act, of the cotton which happened to be in the
city" at the time of the entry of the forces.
" -i. Hence, where prior to any such seizure an
owner of cotton, who, though opposed to the rebel-
lion, had given aid and comtort to it to the extent
above-mentioned but was not within any of the
classes excepted by the President's proclamation of
December 8,1863, and in regard to whose property
in the cotton no rights of third persons had inter-
vened, took the oath prescribed by that act and
kept it: held, after a seizure and sale of the cotton
by the Government, that he was entitled to the net
proceeds as given to loyal owners under the aban-
doned and captured property act; having been par-
doned, his offense, in executing the bonds, could not
be imputed to him."
Mr. MAYNARD. Afterward, and in view
of that decision, and of the principles so held,
there was incorporated in the legislative ap-
propriation act approved July 12, 1870, a pro-
vision in connection with an appropriation of
$100,000 to pay the judgments which might
be rendered by the Court of Claims, which
provision I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
44 For payment of judgments which may be ren-
dered by the court in favor of claimants, &100,000:
Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President, whether general or special, by procla-
mation or otherwise, nor any acceptance of such
pardon or amnesty, nor oath taken, or other act per-
formed in pursuance or as a condition thereof, shall
be admissible in evidence on the part of any claim-
ant in the Court ot Claims as evidence in support of
any claim against the United States, or to establish
the standing of any claimant in said court, or his
right to bring or maintain suit therein; nor shall any
buch pardon, amuebiy, acceptance, oath, or other
act as aforesaid, heretofore offered or putin evidence
on behalf of any claimant in said court, be used or
considered by said court, or by the appellate court
on appeal from said court, in deciding upon the
claim of said claimant, or any appeal therefrom", as
any part of the proof to sustain the claim of the
claimant, or to entitle him to maintain his action in
said Court of Claims, or on appeal therefrom; but
the proof of loyalty required by the twelfth section
of the act of March 3, 1863, entitled 'An act to
amend an act to establish a court lor the investiga-
tion of claims against the United States,' approved
February 24.1865, and by the third section of the
act entitled *An act to provide for the collection of
abandoned property, and for the prevention of
frauds in insurrectionary districts within the United
States/ approved March 12,1863, and by the third
section of the act entitled 'An act to provide for
appeals from the Court of Claims, and for other pur-
poses,' approved June 25, 1868, shall be made by
proof of the matters required by said sections, re-
spectively, irrespective of the effect ot any execu-
tive proclamation, pardon, amnesty, or other act of
condonation or oblivion. And in all cases where
judgment shall have been heretofore rendered in
the Court of Claims in favor of any claimant on any
other proof of loyalty than such as is above required
and provided, and which is hereby declared to have
been and to be the true intent and meaning of said
respective acts, the Supreme Court shall, on appeal,
have no further jurisdiction of the cause, and shall
dismiss the same for want of jurisdiction : Ami pro-
vided further, That whenever any pardon shall have
heretofore been granted by the President of the
United States to any person bringing suit in the
Court of Claims for the proceeds of abandoned or
captured property under the said act approved
Marchl2,18t>3, andthe acts amendatory of the same,
and buch pardon shall recite, in substance, that such
person took part in the late rebellion again>t'the
Government of the United States, or was guilty of
any act of rebellion against or disloyalty to the
United States, and such pardon shall have been
accepted in writing, by the person to whom tho
same issued, without an express disclaimer of and
protestation against such fact of guilt contained m
such acceptance, such pardon and acceptance shall
be taken and deemed in such suit in the said Court
of Claims, and on appeal therefrom, conclusive evi-
dence that such person did take part in and give aid
and comfort to the late rebellion, and did not main-
tain true allegiance or consistently adhere to the
United States; and on proof of suc-h pardon and
acceptance, which proof may bo heard summarily
on motion or otherwise, the jurisdiction of the court
in the case shall cease, and the court shall forthwith
dismiss the suit of such claimant."
Mr. MAYNARD. If that were an original
proposition, if there were nothing behind it, I
do not know I should take my present action ;
but, with the view I have of it, I now propose
to offer an amendment to this bill in line
eighty-four by adding the following proviso,
which I ask the Cleik to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That all that part of the clause in tho first
section of an act of Congress entitled, M An act making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30,1871," approved July 12, 1870, where an
appropriation is made for the payment ot judgments
to be rendered by the Court of Claims, which follows
the word " dollars," be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed: /V<mcterf,Thatnopardon oramnesty granted
by the President of the United States, whether gen-
eral or special, by proclamation or otherwise, nor
any acceptance of such pardon oramnesty,nor oath
taken or other act performed in pursuance or as a
condition thereof, snail be admissible as evidence in
the Court of Claims, except where such pardon and
amnesty were granted and oaths of allegiance and
amnesty taken in good faith, before the suppiession
of the late rebellion, underthep^oclamations ot the
President issued in pursuance of the thirteenth sec-
tion ot the act of Congress known as the confiscation
act, approved July 17,3862, and before the repeal
thereof, pledging the public faith for the restora-
tion of the rights of property, and where all the
requirements and conditions named in said acts and
proclamations have been faithfully complied with
and said oaths of amnesty and allegiance kept and
maintained inviolable.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point of order to
that amendment that it is not germane to this
bill. *
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will not do that.
Mr. DAWES. I am in favor of the amend-
ment, but there is no place for it at that point.
I shall vote for the amendment as an inde-
pendent proposition; but this is an appropri-
ation bill, and my friend, who has been a long
time on the Committee on Appropriations,
knows that the first thing he and 1 had to learn
on that committee was that independent legis-
lation is not in order to an appropriation bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is not less germane
than many other items in this bill.
Mr. DAWES. If we put everything of that
kind in this bill, my friend knows we could
not sustain it at all.
Mr, MAYNARD. I will wait, before offer-
ing the amendment, till I more fully present
