596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
specific provision that the United States shall
pay the members of the territorial Legislature
of this District and the clerks, messengers, &c.
Mr. DAWES. I read from section thirty-
two of the law:
"Themembersof theLc^isIative Assembly shall be
entitled to receive four dollars eaoh_ per day during
their actual attendance at the session thereof, and
an additional allowance of four dollars per day shall
be paid to the presiding officer of each house for each
day he shall so preside." &e.
The amendment was concurred in.
The seventeenth amendment of the Senate
was read, as follows:
For compensation of the board of public works of
the District of Columbia, $10,000.
The SPEAKER. In this amendment of
the Senate the committee recommend concur-
rence.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it pro-
posed that we shall compensate these officers ?
Mr. DAWES. The statute provides that all
these officers appointed by the President with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall be
paid by the United States.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Howmuch?
Mr. DAWES. Twenty-five hundred dollars
each.
Mr. WOOD. Is that in addition to the com-
pensation they receive for holding other offices ?
Mr. DAWES. I do not presume this will
repeal any existing law.
Mr. WOOD. Supervising Architect Mul-
lett, one of this board of public works, holds
two-offices therefore under the United States.
Now, will he receive both salaries?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the House to
have this thing understood before passing from
it, and I therefore move to add. the following
proviso:
Provided, That no member of said board shall be
permitted to draw the salary or receive the profits
of any other office or place under the Government
of the United States.
There can be no objection to that, I believe.
Mr. DAWES. There is a standing law on
that subject.
Mr. PLATT. This is only another attack
of the gentleman from Illinois on the super-
vising architect of the Treasury Department,
and the effect of the amendment would be to
compel him to resign his place as a member on
the board of public works, or to resign his
position as supervising architect. I am will-
ing to vote for an amendment requiring that
he shall receive pay only for one of these
offices; .but I am unwilling to force through
an amendment here which will not only pre-
vent him from receiving pay for discharging his
duties as one of the officers of the board of
public woiks, but also compel him to resign
one of these positions.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the amendment will
be again read.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. DAWES. There is a standing law of
the country which prevents all that.
Mr. PLATT. I have the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir, I have the
floor. [Laughter.] I will yield, however, if it
does not come out of my time.
Mr. DAWES. The law as it stands now pre-
vents any officer whose salary is over $2,500
receiving the compensation of any other office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are two offi-
cers appointed on the board of public works
who already hold offices underthe Government
of the United States, one the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury Department and the other
the collector of the port of Georgetown. I do
not know what the pay or emoluments of the
collector of Georgetown may be ; but the com-
pensation of the supervising architect of the
Treasury Department is $3,000 a year. The
salary of these members of the board of pub-
lic works is $2,500 a year. There is an old
law that where the salary of any office amounts
to over $2,500 a man cannot receive additional
salary for holding any other office under the
Government of the United States, but we
know with what facility these old statutes
are evaded and made of no effect. A man
will go and draw his salary less than that
amount, and then say he has not drawn a
salary over $2,500. He will draw that first and
then draw the other or larger salary.
Now, sir, there is an undoubted incompati-
bility, a palpable impropriety in one person
holding these two offices. Why ? Because he
is acting in two opposite capacities. One is to
build up the city of Washington for the benefit
of the people of Washington, and your statute
creating a territorial government here requires
that he should be a resident and citizen of the
District. Asa member of the board of public
works, he must be interested in building up
the District of Columbia, in erecting large
structures here, so as to enhance the value of
property. He must have an interest in this
District., while, on the contrary, as a Govern-
ment officer, he is expected to exercise the
duties of supervising architect, not for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, but for the Government of
the United States. Therefore, if you place
the two offices in the hands of one man, what
will be the result? That man will come here
for the benefit of people who are his fellow-
citizens, not citizens of the United States gen-
erally, but citizens of Washington, and recom-
mend appropriations for erecting large build-
ings in this District of Columbia. I appeal to
the good sense of this House whether there is
not a palpable impropriety in placing two such
opposite offices in the hands of one man.
I have no objection to Mr. Mullett or any-
body else acting as a member of the board of
public works for the District of Columbia.
But if he is to have a salary of $2,500, I do
object to his being at the same time an officer
of the United States Government, whose duty
it should be to protect the interests of the
United States.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawe3] showed us this morning a great map
of a magnificent park which has been laid out
here, only waiting our adoption, by this board
of public works. The board of public works
has a great deal to do with it; for it is made
the duty of the board of public works, under
the act organizing the territorial government
of Columbia, to disburse all the moneys for
public works in the District of Columbia. The
establishment of a park is a question belong-
ing partly to the public works of the District
and partly to those of the Government. I
think I am correct in saying that tbe board of
public works has been urging that question.
Mr. RANDALL. Idesire to ask a question.
Can Mr. Mullett draw pay as a member of the
board of public works from the United States
Government, and also as supervising architect
of the Treasury from the United States Gov-
ernment, while there is a law that a man shall
not draw two salaries ?
Mr. DAWES. What can be stronger than
this?
"STo person hereafter who holds or shall hold office
under the Government of the United States, whose
salary or annual compensation amounts to the sum
of $2,500 shall receive compensation for discharging
the duties of any other office."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know that very
well. You have that statute which, like any
other, is liable to be repealed either directly
or by implication. Subsequently to the pas-
sage of that statute you create another office
by law. The President fills it and the Senate
confirms the nomination. Then you make an
appropriation to pay the salary; whether by
name, or by the name of the office, you appro-
priate $2,500. Does not that statute raise the
presumption or question whether we have not,
as far as this House is concerned, repealed
the old statute which limits a man to drawing
one salary?
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] to allow me to make
a suggestion, sustaining his view ? I find Ihis
in section thirty-eight of the territorial act,
after provision is made for the pay of these
officers:
"Provided, That no salary shall be paid to the Gov-
ernor as a member of tho board of public works in
addition to his salary as Governor, nor shall any
officer of the Army appointed upon the board of
public works receive any increrse of pay for sueh
service."
Inferentiallv, this might allow another mem-
ber of the board of public works to receive
pay, although receiving pay as an officer of the
United States Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Of course it would
be so construed; and on the other hand, the
amendment I have offered can certainly do no
harm, if it does no good.
Mr. COOK. I move as a substitute for the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
the following:
Provided, That no person shall be entitled to draw
a salary as a member of the board of public works
who is paid a salary for the discharge of the duties
of any other office under the Government of tho
United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will accept that,
and I will also move to reduce the appropria-
tion to $5,000.
Mr. PLATT. I offer as a substitute for the
pending amendment, and to apply to all the
sections making appropriations for officers of
this Territory, the following:
Provided, The payment of these salaries shall not
conflict with existing law.
What is the law bearing on this subject has
been read by the chairman of the committee,
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman if he supposes that the payment of
salaries will conflict with existing law, even
though it is not declared now that it shall not
do so.
Mr. PLATT. I think if the law is decidedly
against this, as the cbairman of the committee
informs us, the reading of the law also carry-
ing out his construction, such a declaration as
this should be made. At all events, if any
amendment whatever is needed, I think that
which I have offered covers the ground.
Mr. MAYNARD. It appears to me that
we are proposing to legislate very unnecessa-
rily here, in a way implying a censure on the
officers of the Treasury, for which there is
no ground. I ask gentlemen to say if they
think it would be possible to get through tbe
Comptroller's office the accounts'of any officer
who would pay a second salary in violation of
an old and long-standing law. The disbursing
officers understand it; everybody charged with
the payment of money understands it perfectly
well. They know that if these incumbents
should get hold of two salaries it would be at
the expense of one of the disbursing officers
who had paid it in violation of the law, the
moment their accounts came to be passed upon
by the Comptroller of the Treasury. It seems
to me that instead of striking a blow at a gen-
tleman whose namealways seems to excite the
ire of my distinguished friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswokth,] we are really striking a
blow at the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury. I think that such legislation is uncalled
for and unnecessary, and I trust it will not be
adopted by this House.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Platt to the amendment
moved by Mr. Faknsworth, and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Farnswortii, as modified by accepting
the amendment of Mr. Cook, as follows:
Add to the seventeenth amendment of the Senate
the following:
Provided, That no person shall be entitled to draw
a salary as a member of the board of public works
who is paid a salary for the discharge of the duties
of any other office under the Government of the
United States.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
