598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
the relative proportion between the numbers
ordered for the House and the Senate ?
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS. It is the usual
proportion adopted in reference to documents.
It is the same ratio adopted in reference to the
agricultural report. It is according to pre-
cedent. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was adopted.
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the substitute was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiency bill.
Mr. PLATT. I move the following amend-
ment :
For repairs of the residence of the commandant at
Fortress Monroe, Virginia, $500.
A short time ago a large number of mem-
bers of this House who were at Fortress Mon-
roe had an opportunity to see for themselves
the necessity which exists for this appropria-
tion, and I hope there will be no hesitation in
voting the appropriation.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44. noes 54; no quorum voting.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move the House do
now adjourn.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Tuthill for two weeks from
to day; and to Mr. Upson and Mr. Comingo
for the remainder of the session.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that it had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 295) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to place at the disposal of the
Lyon Monument Association of Missouri cer-
tain condemned cannon ;
An act (8. No. 311) in relation to the pay-
ment of the salary of Robert C. Schenck,
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary .of the United States to Great Britain;
An act (H. R. No. 381) relating to the har-
bor of Buffalo, New York.
report of commissioner of education.
The SPEAKER. A resolution has been
received from the Senate in regard to printing
the report of the Commissioner of Education.
If there is no objection it will be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
There was no objection; and the resolution
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
japanese pupils at west point.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, submitting to the House the draft
of a bill for admitting six'Japanese pupils to
West Point Military Academy, and recom-
mending the passage of the same ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
coolie trade.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 382) supplement-
ary to the acts to prohibit the coolie trade;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Charles
Johnson and 48 others, citizens of Coshocton,
Ohio, praying Congress to grant to every sol-
dier, sailor, and marine who served in the
Union Army or Navy during the late civil war
a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
By Mr. PACKARD: A petition of 33 citi-
zens of Laporte, Indiana, asking that the Pat-
ent Office reports be published in the same
form as heretofore.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan: The petition
of Lieutenant Moses F. Carlton, of St. Clair
county, Michigan, for relief.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 12, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of women
of Illinois, remonstrating against female suf-
frage ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a res-
olution of the Legislature of Michigan, rela-
tive to Indian reservations in that State;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. MORTON. I present a memorial in
the form of a dispatch, signed by the chairman
of the Republican State central committee in
New Orleans, and by numerous other gentle-
men, in the following words :
"At a meeting of the Republican State central
committee the following resolutions were adopted:
Whereas the opposition manifested in Congress
to the enactment of the so-called KuKlux bill indi-
cates that the true condition of southern loyalists is
misunderstood; and whereas laws to punish crime
only oppress the guilty: Therefore,
** Be tt re.8olved% That the experience of the past
teaches us that the laws of the United States and
the power of the State government are inadequate
to protect a class of our citizens in the exercise of
their political rights, and that the President should
be clothed with po ver to preserve the peace, and to
this end we advocate the immediate passage of the
Sheliabarger bill, with the limitation as to time in
seotion four stricken out, or even a more stringent
law, in order that the Federal Government may be
empowered to check the contagion of lawlessness
now spreading in the South."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laid
upon the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
General De Wemyss Jobson, author of the
History of the French Revolution ; History of
France; Memoirs of Louis Philippe ; Metter-
nich ; Garibaldi; War in the Punjaub, &c., in
which he sets forth certain abuses in the office
of the marshal for the southern district of New
York, and h e asks for a remedy. I present the
petition, and if it were in order I should ask
its reference to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. For the present, however, I move
simply that it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Its reference
would be in order by unanimous consent, under
the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume there would be
no objection to its reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a peti-
tion making charges against one of the officers
of the United States, the marshal for the
southern district of New York. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
that it may be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none. The petition is so referred.
withdrawal op papers.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Ordered, That permission be given to withdraw
the papers in the ease of Ethan Bay Clarke and
Samuel Ward Clarke.
order op business.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to ask unan-
imous consent this morning to consider the
bill which I called up the other morning, and
which was objected to by a Senator who has
since had occasion to look into it and has
withdrawn his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Casserly] who made the objec-
tion is not now in the Chamber, and I do not
think it would be quite right to pass the biil
in his absence. Therefore, for the moment, I
shall object myself until he comes in.
Mr. POMEROY. I was ouly saying that I
understood he had withdrawn his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to ques-
tion my friend's understanding at all.
Mr. POMEROY. But as he is not in the
Chamber this morning, I will waive the request
for the moment and wait until he comes in.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, there is a
resolution upon the table of the Senate author-
izing Professor Henry to receive a present
from the king of Sweden and Norway. It is
in accordance with a hundred resolutions of
the same kind that we have passed heretofore,
and Professor Henry desires to make an ac-
knowledgment of its receipt, as he has had it
in hand for some time, but he does not feel
authorized to do so until the Senate shall act
upon the House resolution. I therefore ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to take
it up and agree to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine, one of the Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution, asks unanimous consent to take
up the joint resolution (H. E. No. 42) giving
the consent of Congress to Professor Joseph
Henry, Secretary of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, to accept the title and regalia of a com-
mander of the Royal Norwegian Order of
St. Olaf, conferred upon him by the king of
Sweden and Norway, grand master of said
order. Is there objection ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will state that the
Senator from California, [Mr. Casserly,] at
the time the motion was made before to take
up that resolution, stated that he was opposed
to it on principle, and I prefer that he should
be present before it is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware objects.
santo domingo report.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That fifty thousand copies of the mes-
sage of the President and the report of the commis-
sioners, relating to Santo Domingo, be printed for
the use of the Senate.
revision of taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offered a resolution yes-
terday which went over under an objection of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Casserly.]
I understood him afterward to say that he
had no objection to the resolution. I should
like to have it acted on this morning, and I
will say now, that if after the Senator from
California comes in he objects to it, I will
myself agree to have the resolution recon-
sidered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The Senator is
willing that there shall be a reconsideration
if the Senator from California desires it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can move to
take up the resolution for consideration to-day.
He need not ask unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but I want
it adopted by unanimous consent. I ask for
its consideration now, and I say myself that if
the Senator from California, when he comes in,
shall desire a reconsideration, I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A reconsider-
ation can be moved to-day or to-ftiorrow if the
resolution be agreed to to-day, and that motion
will, of course, arrest action under the resolu-
tion. If there be no objection the resolution
will be regarded as before the Senate. It is
before the Senate, and will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Beaolved, That the Committee on Finance is hereby
instructed, daring the recess ot Congress, to care-
tally examine the existing system ot taxation by the
United States, with a view to propose such amend-
ments to the hills of the House of Representatives
