1871..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
with his own effort and fearing he had failed to
impress others with the correctness of his con-
clusions, speaks of the "unwritten constitu-
tion of the country." I had heard of the lex
non scripta and of " unwritten history," bat I
confess that for the first time I learned from
the Senator from New Jersey that we had an
" unwritten constitution." We have been in-
sisting on an observance of the written Con-
stitution. We had regarded that as the charter
of whatever powers could be rightfully exer-
cised byCongress. Wethoughtour Republican
friends had patched that up with amendments
which they supposed would cover all they de-
sired to do; but failing to find authority in any
of its provisions to justify the passage of this
bill, the Senator reminds us of the unwritten
constitution. Well, Mr. President, I am igno-
rant of its provisions, and cannot say that it
will not meet the case. The written Constitu-
tion will not sustain the passage of this bill.
The unwritten constitution may.
Turning from the consideration of the gen-
eral purpose and object of this law, namely,
to authorize Federal interference in the local
affairs of the State, let us look at some of its
provisions in detail.
The second section creates a new offense.
A conspiracy or intention between two or
more persons to do certain acts mentioned
in the section, although no attempt is made
to put such intention into execution, is made
a high crime. If a party is convicted of
having at any time entered into an agree-
ment with another to do any of the acts
enumerated in this section, although no act
in pursuance <of such agreement has been
done, and the agreement itself has been aban-
doned, he is nevertheless subject to the pains
and penalties provided for the offense. Thus
an unexecuted intention is made a penal
offense, and visited by severe punishment.
This offense is made punishable in any district
or circuit court of the United States or supreme
court of any Territory of the United States.
A party charged with this high crime may be
indicted and tried in any part of the United
States. The offense of conspiring may have
been committed in Pennsylvania, and the
offender be a resident of that State, and yet
he is liable to be indicted and tried in Missouri
or Texas. Does such a law commend itself
to the favor of the Senate? Is it not palpa-
bly in violation of article six of the amend-
ments to the Constitution ?
That article provides:
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law."
That is the provision of the sixth amend-
ment to the Constitution; and yet this bill
provides in the second section that a man
shall be punished—
" Upon conviction thereof in any district or cir-
cuit court of the United States, or district or supreme
court of any Territory of the United States, having
jurisdiction of similar offenses."
Under this provision an offender against this
section may be removed out of the State and
out of the district where the offense has been
committed and tried in any part of the Uni-
ted States, which is in plain conflict with the
sixth amendment to the Constitution.
The third section of the bill proposes direct
interference in the affairs of the States without
the request of the constituted authorities. It
provides that a refusal or failure of protection
from any cause shall be deemed a denial by
the States of the equal protection of the laws,
and makes it the duty of the President to use
the land and naval forces of the United States
and any other means he may deem necessary
in the emergency. This is fearful power, and
dangerous as it is fearful. What may the Pres-
ident not do under the authority given ? He
may, if he so desires, turn the guns of the
Navy and the military power of the Govern-
ment against the States of this Union, as he
did in the case of the election in New York
last fall, when he turned the guns of the forts
in the harbor and of the vessels then lying in
the harbor against the city of New York to
give to his party the " moral support" of the
Navy of the country, as he gave to President
Baez, of San Domingo, the moral support of
his guns while he was negotiating a treaty ;
or he may do anything else he deems proper
under the unlimited authority given him. He
may use any "other means" he may deem
necessary. Suppose he should deem it neces-
sary to dispense with their courts of justice,
or remove their Governors, or break up their
Legislatures, or abolish elections in the States
and appoint their officers himself, could he not
do so under this power which you give to him
to do just as he pleases?
The terms are, that he may use any means-
which he deems necessary; and I apprehend
that if he should go into my State, or into any
State of this Union, if he should turn the
judges from the bench, break up our judicial
system, if he should remove our Governor, if
he in fact should proclaim that the people of
Delaware or any other State should not hold
an election, and he was impeached by the
other House and brought here for a violation
of the Constitution, he could plead this very
unlimited power which you have given him to
do it, simply because, he would say, he deemed
it necessary to suppress a rebellion which he
himself had declared to exist in the State.
Suppose when the next presidential election
comes he should determine that the equal pro-
tection of the law was denied in the State of
New York, could he not, under the power
conferred by this section, suspend the election
in that State, or prohibit the people of that
State from holding an election if he should
deem such means necessary ? The power is
ample. He might do whatever he deems
necessary. I do not say the President would
use the whole authority you propose to put in
his hands, nor can you say he will not; but I
ask, is it safe to intrust such power to any man ?
You may confide in the wisdom and sound
discretion of the President and be willing to
trust him with unlimited power; but is it wise
to do so ?
The next section is still more objectionable.
It gives the President the full power to declare
the existence of rebellion where none in fact
exists, and at his pleasure to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus within the limits prescribed
by himself. If you could constitutionally con-
fer upon the President the right to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, would you be willing
to place the liberties of the people at his mercy?
Pause, gentlemen! Personal liberty is the birth-
right of every American citizen, however hum-
ble, and this writ is assured to him in the Con-
stitution as the means of vindicating that right.
This remedy is not derived from the Constitu-
tion, but is the heritage of freemen, the natu-
ral right of every man, recognized but not con-
ferred by the Constitution of the country.
But I deny that you can constitutionally
invest the President with authority to suspend
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus.
The Constitution provides for its suspension
in one contingency, namely, when in case of
insurrection or rebellion the public safety re-
quires it. This power is given to Congress
and cannot be delegated to the President; it
is placed among the grants of power to Con-
gress and can only be exercised upon the hap-
pening of the contingency specified, that is when
in case of insurrection or rebellion the public
safety requires it. Congress being invested
with the power, must determine when the emer-
gency has arisen that warrants its exercise.
This power is not absolute in Congress, to be
exercised at its pleasure, but only in a certain
contingency, of which Congress must judge, and
it cannot transfer it to any other department
of the Government. Congress can no more
delegate the power to suspend this writ than
any other power enumerated in the Constitu-
tion and granted to Congress. The power to
regulate commerce, coin money, to raise and
support armies, or to borrow money on the
credit of the United States, can.be as rightfully
conferred upon the President as the power to
suspend the privileges of the writ of habeas
corpus.
But, sir, if there were no constitutional inhi-
bition against the enactment of the proposed
law, if full warrant in clear and unmistakable
terms was contained in that instrument, author-
izing Congress in its discretion to pass a law
of the character of that proposed by this bill,
still, I say, it would be an unwise act of legisla-
tion, because there is nothing in the condition
of the country demanding the exercise of con-
gressional or executive interference in the
internal affairs of the States of this Union,
unless, perhaps, it be in the State of South
Carolina. I express this as my candid con-
viction, after listening to all the debate that haa
taken place in this Chamber upon the resolu-
tion of the hotiorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] in reference to Ku Iilux outrages
in the South.
This, sir, is my opinion, after something of
an examination, also, of the testimony con-
tained in the voluminous report of the commit-
tee raised at the last session, of which the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania £Mr. Scott]
was chairman. This opinion has not been
shaken by the numerous extracts from parti-
san newspapers, North and South, produced
in debate by the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] and other Republican Senators. I
know too well the tactics of .Radical politicians,
to credit all the stories of wrong and outrage
which they relate. It is their stock in trade.
For years just preceding every election these
stereotyped outrages are recited for political
effect. The country does not believe them,
and although they are brought here and digni-
fied by senatorial recognition, for the purpose
of giving them currency in the country, they
will fail to fire the northern miud and perpetu-
ate the sectional hate by which the Radical
party expect to be kept in power. This whole
attempt to manufacture political capital for the
purpose of retaining power is fully understood.
The people of this country are not fools.
The farmer and the mechanic, as well as the
business and professional man, will not fail to
discover that this session has been held, and
this bill introduced and passed, as I presume
it will be, not to bring peace to the country,
not to restore order, not to suppress crime,
but to produce agitation and promote discord,
if not to provoke strife and collision. It will
be regarded as the trick of politicians, and no
senatorial indorsement can give it character
or dignity. I repeat, sir, that no justification
can be found in the condition of affairs at the
South for the legislation proposed by this bill.
If Congress had authority under the Constitu-
tion to enact such a law, there are no facts in
the history of any State in this Union to war-
rant its exercise.
That there are crimes perpetrated in the
southern States, I shall not deny. Crime
abounds everywhere, at the North as well as
at the South. It is the result of depraved
humanity, and will exist in every part of this
habitable globe until the race is elevated far
above its present level by the benign influences
of Christianity. I shall not deny that crime
abounds. Unfortunately, we witness it in every
community, in every neighborhood ; but I do
deny that there is a greater amount of crime at
the South than at the North. Nay, I venture
the assertion that the criminal records of the
country will show that there are less crimes
committed by white people at the South than
at the North, according to numbers. Bring up
the criminal calendars of your courts and let
them speak on this subject, and you will find
that what I venture to express as an opinion
will be sustained by the facts.
Neither will 1 deny that there has not been
an increase of crime both North and South in
