002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12j
the last few years. This is lamentably true ;
but it is the natural, inevitable—I had like to
have said necessary—effect of the great civil
war through which we have passed. War is
always followed by an increase of vice and
crime. The bad passions of men are stirred
to their depths. The temptations to vice are
multiplied by war, and the restraints of the
domestic circle, of society, and of religion
itself, are greatly weakened if not wholly lost.
Sir, I know not what may be the opinion of
others, but I express it as my own, that the
worst consequence of the war was the injury
done to the moral and religious sentiment of
the country. Your war debt is large, and may
tax for centuries the energies and industry of
the country, but our resources are great and
it may ultimately be paid. The destruction of
life and property was great, but this may be
forgotten in the lapse of time. The desolated
fields of the South may again produce abundant
harvests, and the domestic circle, rendered
sad by the loss of loved ones slain in battle,
may again become cheerful and happy. The
father may forget his boy, and the widow put
off her weeds of woe, but what time shall
repair the injury done to the moral and reli-
gious sentiment of the country, or stay the tide
of vice and crime resulting therefrom ?
Sir, crime does abound at the South and at
the North, but I am glad it is no worse. In
other countries the same consequence, and to
a greater extent, has resulted from their wars,
and it is surprising that it is no worse in our
own. Nor shall I deny, Mr. President, that
in some localities in the southern States bad
men have banded together, and, assuming dis-
guises, have perpetrated acts of cruelty and
wrong. This was true soon after the war, and
to some extent, in some neighborhoods, may be
true still. I shall not deny it, much less justify
it. But that it ever existed or now exists to
the extent asserted on this floor, I do not
believe; but, on the contrary, deny and chal-
lenge the proof. That Republican Senators
believe what they assert to be true in this
regard I shall not question, but I do say that
there is little to justify their belief except
hearsay evidence which would not be admit-
ted in any respectable court of quarter sessions
in the country. I go further, and assert that,
with the exception of North Carolina, there is
not a particle of evidence of a character that
any Senator would offer in a court of law to
convict any man, white or black, charged with
crime, if he were the prosecutor. Common
rumor and the statements of interested parti-
sans, and newspaper reports, are the evidence
which has been adduced to blacken the rep-
utation of the people of all the southern States,
except, as I before stated, the report on your
tables in reference to North Carolina—the
only State into the affairs of which any inves-
tigatnn has been had; and yet the Senator
from Ohio has preferred an indictment against
the whole South, and the majority on this floor
has sustained it by their votes. What is his
resolution?
The resolution, as offered by the honorable
Senator oil the 16th of March, was in these
words:
" Resolved, That as organized bands of desperate
and lawless uon, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel arc. ies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oaths and secret obligations, have by
force, terror, aud violence subverted all civil author-
ity in large par s of the late insurrectionary States,
thus utterly oveithrowing the safety of persons and
property, and all these rights which are the pri-
mary basis and object of all civil government and
which are exprestty guarantied by the Constitution
of the United States to alt its citizens, and as the
courts are rendered utterly powerless by organized
perjury to punihh crime: Theretore,
" 'X'tie Committee on the Judieiary is instructed to
report a bill, or bills, that will enable the President
and the courts oi the United States to execute the
laws, punish such organized violence, and secure to
all citizens the rights so guarantied to them."
This resolution was offered by the Senator
from Ohio on the 16th of March, and was made
the basis of the lengthy arraignment of the
whole South in which he indulged. The Sen-
ators from Virginia promptly denied that the
allegation so far as it applied to the State of
Virginia was true, and both the Senators from
Kentucky repelled with indignation the assault
made on their State. And here I take occa-
sion to say that the conduct of the Senators
from Kentucky contrasts most favorably with
the conduct of Senators from other States who
have been assisting in the arraignment of the
States which they represent on this floor.
Kentucky will honor her Senators. She ought
to build them monuments for their promptness
in defending her reputation from an assault of
this character; and so likewise of Virginia.
But, sir, finding that the indictment as
originally drawn could not be sustained, the
Senator from Ohio took occasion to modify
his resolution on the 21st.of March. But even
in the resolution as modified he alleges that
these organized bands of desperadoes do exist
in North Carolina, and that there is reason to
believe that they exist in many other parts of
the southern States. I take issue with the
Senator upon the question of the existence of
organized bands of lawless men at the present
time even in the State of North Carolina, ac-
cording to the evidence that has been submit-
ted in the report presented by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.] What is the tes-
timony that is revealed in that report? I have
examined it somewhat in detail, and the gen-
eral impression made upon my mind by that
whole testimony is this: that up to 1868 there
had been peace and quietness in the State of
North Carolina; that at that time certain par-
ties undertook to form the negroes of that
State into political associations, called "Union
Leagues," for the purpose of aiding the Re-
publican party; and that subsequent to that
time, to antagonize the movements of the
members of those Leagues who Were commit-
ting depredations upon the white people of
the State, these Ku Klux associations were
organized in certain localities of the State of
North Carolina.
But, sir, the question is, do they now exist?
Because, whatever may have been the case
heretofore, if there is no existence of such
organizations at the present time in North
Carolina, then you are not justified in passing
this bill. I say again, according to the evi-
dence submitted in the report, there is no
reason to believe that there are any organized
bands to any extent in the State of North Car-
olina ; and I now propose to refer to some
of the testimony disclosed in that report. I
shall read from the report of the minority,
because I find the evidence to which I shall
refer collated there. I call attention to the
message of Governor Holden, sent to the
Legislature in November last.
The Governor says:
" The power of the State government to protect,
maintain, and perpetuate itself has been tested and
demonstrated. The secret organization which dis-
turbed the peace of society, which was sapping the
foundations of the government, setting the law at
defiance, and inflicting manifold wrongs on a large
portion of our people, has been exposed and broken
up. Weil-meaning, honest men, who had been de-
coyed into this organization, have availed them-
selves of this opportunity to escape from it, and will
henceforth bear their testimony against it as wholly
evil in its principles and its modes of operation. A
score or more of wicked men have been driven from
the State, while those of the same character who
remain have been made to tremble before the aveng-
ing hand of power. The majesty of the law has been
vindicated. The poor and the humble now sleep un-
molested in their houses, and areno longer scourged
or murdered on account of their political opinions.
Peace and good order have been restored to all parts
of the State, with the exception of the county of
Robeson, in which some murderers and robbers are
still at large, but it is expected they will speedily be
arrested and brought to punishment."
There is the testimony of Governor Holden
himself. You have given him credit in your
speeches. Yon have spoken of him in favor-
able terms. If the statement of the Governor
is true, then, whatever may have been the facts
heretofore, in November last, when he sent
that message to the Legislature, there were
ho secret organizations there; for, he gays;
they had been broken up, and that people slept
in quiet in their homes.
But that is not the only testimony. Judge
Battle testifies as follows :
" Question. You have spoken of two classes of out-
rages, one directed against property and the other
of a retaliatory character, directed against the per-
sons who were supposed to commit them—these
whippings, &c.; do you believe there is now through
your State a popular disposition, accompanied by a
legal efficiency, to punish such offenses on either
side by law ?
"Answer. I believe that all the people of North
Carolina are now so disposed, and I believe a bill
has been introduced in the Legislature for the pur-
pose of making highly penal the holding of all these
secret political organizations."
Mr. Hunter, sheriff of Lenoir county, him-
self a Radical, says:
" Question. How about the peace and order of your
community; are the people down there pretty quiet
and civil toward each other?
"Answer. Yes, sir; they are tolerably quiet now.
" Question,. Peaceable and good neighbors ?
"Answer. Yes,sir; there isagreatdealofpolitical
excitement there.
"Question. Is there security forperson and property
in your midst, in your community ?
"Ansicer. I could not say that there was not; I
think there is, so far as I know."
So, again. Judge Brooks gives this testimony:
"Question. Tn your opinion, is there equal security
of person and property under the law in North Caro-
lina that there is in the other States of the Union
that lie north of your State 2
"Answer. I cannot say that it is otherwise now.
There has been a time when I think it was other-
wise."
Again, he was asked this question : *
_ "Well, excepting those counties, and the period of
time you have mentioned, do you think there has
been eaual security of person and property in the
State of North Carolina that there has been in any
other State in the country ?
"Answer. That is my opinion; with the exception
of those localities and the period I mentioned. I
live in the northeastern portion of the State; and in
the section of the State where 11 ive, and for a hun-
dred or two hundred miles around me, we have never
experienced any difficulty there. Within the last
eighteen months there have been agreat numberof
Pennsylvanians who have purchased property and
settled there. I ha.ve never observed any feeling
whatever against them; they are well received, and
I think they feel as secure in their persons and
property as I do, or as do any other citizens of our
State."
A gentleman- by the name of E. M. Holt is
asked as to the general peace and good order
in the county in which lie resides, and he says:
"I am sixty-four years old, gentlemen, and I
assert most positively that the peace and quietness
of the county is as good now as it ever has been dur-
ing my -whole recollection."
Frank G. Smith, captain of artillery, Uni-
ted States Army, writes to headquarters :
"I have the honor to report, for the information
of the post commander, that since my arrival here
on the 29th ultimo, when I found an exciting polit-
ical contest going on among the citizens ot tbe vicin-
ity, which was prosecuted with vigor by both parties
until election day, the 4th instant, not a single case
of riot or disturbance has been brought to my notice
up to this time."
So say several other officers; but I shall no4
read them all. I call attention to the testi
raony of Colonel Hunt, of the fifth artillery,
United States Army. He says:
"As to 'murders and outrages committed by dis-
loyal organizations for political purposes,' I supposo
that those alleged to have been committed by the
so-called Ku Klux are referred to. X heard of none
such as happening wht4e I was in the State, to which
any importance could be attached. Of those which
occurred previously to my assuming command, that
which created the most excitement was the murder
of Mr. Stevens, a State senator, some time in May,
I think. This was looked upon by the members of
his party as undoubtedly a political murder, perpe-
trated by the Ku Klux.
"The party charged with this murder were arrested
by Colonel Kirk, brought before the State judges on
a bench-warrant, and bound over to appear when
required. As the chief justice did me the honor to
invite me to take a seat on the bench, I henrd all the
evidence, which was published, and can, I suppose,
be procured. That against the accused was very
slight, and there was no evidence whatever to show
that the murder was the work of any political organ-
ization, or that the accused belonged to any such
organization."
Major Rodney, a native of my own State,
of an honorable and most respectable family
of that State, also bears his testimony in favor
of the condition of peace and quietness in
North Carolina at the time he was stationed
there, which was about Noveinber last.
