604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Anthony,] excluding almost all other legisla-
tion, shows that this session was held for
that purpose, that the principal object pro-
posed by this session of the Congress of the
United States was to adopt some measure
that should strengthen party interest. Why
have we been here five weeks, nearly six
weeks, and nothing done toward the general
interests of the country, everything else ex-
cluded by a resolution of this Senate, and the
whole time almost given to the consideration
of a party scheme ? I say I am warranted by
the successive steps that have been taken to
bring this measure here in believing and in
saying that this bill will be judged by the coun-
try as a measure for the purpose of promoting
the interests of the Republican party. I am
not only justified in so believing this from these
considerations, but from what has been said
in debate.
If you turn to the investigation of the com-
mittee you will see the solicitude of the com-
mittee itself to connect the Democratic party
with the Ku Klux outrages in North Carolina.
You will see that the attempt was made to draw
out from some of the witnesses expressions, to
connect the Democratic party with them. And
in the debate which has followed in this Cham-
ber on the resolution of the Senator from Ohio
there has been insinuation—there has been no
direct charge, but there has been innuendo—
that the Democratic party was encouraging this
thing. Expressions have fallen from the lips of
gentlemen in debate, that while every Democrat
was not a Ku Klux, still every Ku Klux was
a Democrat, seeking to make the impression
upon the country that it was an organization
auxiliary to the Democratic party.
But that is not all. We have been told
in the course of this discussion that our op-
position to this measure was calculated to
encourage these disorders. That we deny.
We say most unhesitatingly that there has not
been a Senator on this side who has spoken
on this subject but has denounced these out-
rages perpetrated by the Ku Klux and perpe-
trated by the Loyal Leaguers. We denounce
crime in every form. We are opposed to it.
We will go as far as any Republican Senators
on this floor in the denunciation of crime and
in the prevention of crime by all constitutional
and legal means. We are in favor of order
in the country, and it is unjust to taunt us
with the declaration that our opposition to the
passage of this bill is calculated to encourage
disorder in the South. Sir, we give no encour-
agement to disorder. Our opposition is not
to the punishment of criminals, but it is to the
interference by the Federal Government with
the affairs which the States themselves ought
to and can and will settle much better than
you can settle them, if you will let them do it.
That is our position.
But let us tarn the tables. Have not ex-
pressions fallen from the lips of Senators on
the Republican side of this Chamber in this
discussion calculated to provoke strife and col-
lision among the races? What said the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in opening
this debate ? After dilating upon the outrages
committed upon the negroes by the Ku Klux,
he said:
" Thus, in the South, where the Republican party
is mainly composed of a comparatively few white
men and the great mass ot the colored emancipated
population, the white men are to be terrorised and
the negroes are to be scourged and lashed and slaugh-
tered. This cannot go on much longer. I tell you,
gentlemen, that if this thing goes on, although the
black race is the most humble and obedient that
ever trod this earth of ours, as sure as fate, retalia-
tion will come with fearful force. .Even the worm
would rise under such persecution."
I ask whether that language and similar lan-
guage is not calculated to provoke a conflict
in the southern States between the races ? I
do not mean to say that the Senator from Ohio
designed it to have such an effect; I am sure he
did not; but I_say that in the heat of debate
expressions may fall from the lips of Senators
that may have an effect which tfcey did not
intend. I say that these expressions and sim-
ilar expresssions which have fallen from the
hps of honorable Senators in debate, though
not so intended, may have the effect to pro-
voke collision and strife between the races.
We only tell them so now because they have
attempted to deter us from the expression of
our honest convictions in opposition to what
we believe to be unjust legislation, by saying
that our opposition to it would encourage out-
rage in the South. When they tell us that we
call to their remembrance expressions whieh
have fallen from their own lips, and ask them
in turn whether those expressions are not
calculated to provoke contention and strife
between the races.
All through this discussion there has been
much denunciation of the Democratic party.
Many allusions, many declarations and expres-
sions have fallen from the lips of honorable
Senators in reference to the Democratic party,
as an organization calculated to bring disorder
upon the country. Gentlemen, what is there
m the history of the Democratic party that
warrants any such conclusion? Will not its
history contrast most proudly and favorably
with the history of your own party? While
you have been managing the affairs of this coun-
try, during the last ten years, we have not had it
in our power to do anything wrong. We have
been in the minority. You have had the whole
management of the financial interests and every
other interest in this country. You have had a
majority in this Chamber and in the other
House. You have had the President. Every-
thing has been under your control. We have
been but a feeble number during all the time
that you have been in power. It is true that
we have protested against some of your acts
that we deemed wrong and unconstitutional.
While you have been violating, as we believe,
almost every provision of the Constitution by
your legislation, we have protested, but we
could not control it. We have done nothing,
therefore, to excite your indignation against
us. This Democratic party, though it may be
abused in the Senate, is gaining power in the
country, and is soon destined to come back
into power in these Halls.
Mr. President, let me say to Republican
Senators, cease your attacks on the rights of
the States. To State laws and State institu-
tions the people of this country have looked,
and not in vain, for protection to life, liberty,
and property. They have never been depend-
ent upon congressional interference for the
maintenance of any of these rights, and in
your keeping they would not be half so secure.
Let the States manage their own internal
affairs as they have done in the past, and they
will do it much better than it can be done by
you.
Cease, likewise, your attacks upon the pe<5ple
of the South. You found them after the war
stripped of their property, ruined in their for-
tunes, almost destitute of the means of sus-
tenance, their fields blighted by the scourge
of war, their homes and firesides desolate
and sad by the loss of loved ones fallen in
battle, the future dark and hope almost extin-
guished ; all gone but honor, that had been
maintained on many a hard-fought battle-field.
The hand of sympathy should have been
extended, but you reached forth the hand of
oppression and tyranny. You denied them
for years representation in these Halls, and
taxed them without their consent. You are
taxing now more heavily than any other sec-
tion the products of their soil. You reduced
them from States to conquered provinces, and
held them captives at your will. You denied
them the choice of their own rulers, and
appointed military satraps to lord itoverthem.
You ostracised their best citizens, and made
negroes their rulers and masters. You have
denounced them as rebels and traitors, and
stirred up hate and animosity against them.
And now you defanje and blacken their char-
acter and mark them as victims for your fur-
ther vengeance and hate. You claim to have
been lenient, but history will write you down
as unjust oppressors. Cease your persecu-
tions of the southern people, and let them
once more have peace.
Reject this bill, and show to the world that
you are no longer disposed to be unjust. Its
passage can do you no good as a party. It
will recoil on your own heads. Humanity will
revolt at a measure so vindictive and cruel,
not to say so monstrous aud tyrannical. But
do not stop at the rejection of this bill; undo
much that you have done, atone as far as pos-
sible for the errors of the past, and posterity
may forgive if it does not forget the injury you
have already inflicted on your country and your
race. Cease, also, your denunciation of the
Democratic party; your shafts of envy and
malice fall harmless at its feet. You have been
tried and found wanting, and the next presi-
dential election will pronounce the "mene
tekel" of your overthrow. The increased De-
mocratic vote in this Chamber and in the other
House proclaim the advent of the Democracy
to power at an early day. Bow to the behest of
the country, and prepare for your exit from
power; for the places that now know you will
soon know you no more forever.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, the investiga-
tion of the committee appointed by the Senate
has been confined almost exclusively thus far
to the State of North Carolina; but I am per-
suaded that when it shall extend its investi-
gations to the other States, it will find that the
condition of affairs in that State is not worse
than elsewhere.
When any State denies the protection of
the laws to persons within its jurisdiction, it
is competent for the Government of the United
States to intervene and to afford to its citizens
that protection. In the first place, it is the
duty of the States to afford the protection of
the laws to the citizens of the United States
within their borders, and the United States ,
Government can properly intervene only when J
that protection is refused. The States may'
proceed to give the protection, in the first
place through their judicial tribunals, but that
failing, it is competent for them to proceed
with the military arm of the State govern-
ment. In the State of Kentucky, the Gov-
ernor, who is now a Senator on this floor,
appealed to the Legislature for power to use
the military force to suppress these outrages ;
and in the State of Mississippi I find that the
Governor is now asking of the Legislature of
his State permission to use a military force
of select men for the same purpose, and for
power to quarter and subsist that force upon
the communities which may render its pres-
ence necessary.
In the State of North Carolina a law sueh
as asked for by the Governor of Kentucky and
by the Governor of Mississippi was already in
existence; and the Governor of North Caro-
lina, having found that the civil tribunals of
the State were insufficient to afford the pro-
tection of the laws to persons within its bor-
ders, appealed, after every other resort had
failed, to the military force of the State. That
failed; and, in my judgment, it will fail in every
other State where it is tried. Wherever the
civil tribunals cannot afford this protection
the military tribunals will be found inadequate
to the purpose. But Congress might not feel
it a duty incumbent upon them to intervene
unless it should be apparent that the States
either had not the will or the power to afford
the protection which the Constitution guaran-
ties to the citizen.
It is said that the military failure in North
Carolina resulted from the mismanagement
and misconduct of the Executive. It is alleged
that he committed many blunders, and it has
been charged that he committed crimes in this
resort to the military arm to supply the failure
of the civil tribunals. It is charged that be
suspended the writ of habeas corpus ; that this
and other misconduct were the reasons for the
