1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
failure. He but delayed obedience to the writ
of habeas corpus for some fifteen or twenty-
days. I am not prepared to say that the delay
was justifiable, though some of the best men
in the State, as.I am informed, recommended
it. It was brought to his knowledge that these
organized bands of marauders had a concerted
purpose to ride around, as they expressed it,
a few nights preceding the election in some
thirty or forty counties of the State, and the
Governor had in his mind an apprehension
that it would produce disorder and widespread
collision among the citizens. In his answer
to the chief justice who issued the habeas corpus
he distinctly stated that his action was but a
delay, and that delay was necessary in order
to preserve the State against this combined
action of the banded marauders within its
limits.
But it is said he made illegal arrests, and
in that way rendered inefficient the movement
of the military authorities. I do not believe,
from the information before me, that any
arrest was made in that State except upon
information and upon evidence before the
Governor who ordered it.
It is charged that he did it for political pur-
poses ; that certain men were selected to be
arrested for political effect. If such had been
the case, I cannot conceive it possible but
that the Governor of the State would have
communicated it to some one of his friends.
For my own part, I can truthfully say that it
never was brought to my knowledge, by him
or any one else, that there was a purpose to
arrest one single individual in the State, and,
upon inquiry, I can find no man to whose
knowledge any such purpose was ever brought.
The purpose was to arrest only those against
whom there was evidence and information of
complicity in the widespread crime that then
existed.
But it is said he has not produced the evi-
dence upon which those arrests were made.
Sir, the time h&s not arrived when he can pro-
duce it without giving benefit to the criminals
themselves. To produce it would be to put
into their hands what has often been practiced
in the State, the power to spirit away the wit-
nesses. I believe that he has been actuated by
a spirit of patriotism and concern for the public
peace and justice in withholding until better
times shall arrive the evidence which has been
brought before him, and which is relied upon
for the conviction of the criminals.
But, sir, in addition to this, another cause
is assigned for the failure in the appointment
of the officers to command. The militia was
divided into two parts. One part was put
under the command of a distinguished con-
federate colonel, who was an officer in the
Mexican war, and so distinguished himself by
service in that war as to receive from the Con-
gress of the United States a vote of thanks and
promotion ; I refer to Colonel Clark, who was
also a distinguished colonel in the confederate
service. The other branch of the militia was
put under the command of Colouel Kirk. _ It
is upon that command that the vituperation
of Senators and others has been directed. He
has been denounced as a marauder, a mur-
derer, a turbulent man, of no character, as not
being a citizen of North Carolina, but brought
from some distant State to command her
militia.
I do not rise for the defense of Colonel Kirk,
but I must do justice to a distinguished officer
in the Union Army, who, though not a native
of the State of North Carolina, resided for
years within its borders, by saying that though
I never knew him until within the last two
months, upon inquiry from the officers of the
Union Army who do know him, I find that he
maintained a character for probity and honor,
for humanity and justice, while he was in the
IJnited States service during the rebellion. He
was elevated from the position of a private to
that of colonel in the Union Army. He was
twice a member of a court-martial, and once
presided over a court-martial under the appoint-
ment of General Stoneman.
But he is denounced as haying a bad char-
acter in the State of North Carolina. There
were charges against him in that State; and
so there were charges against every Union
officer who operated in the State. The present
President of the United States, if his character
had been brought into question upon the tes-
timony of those who denounced the character
of Union officers in- the State of North Caro-
lina at the close of the rebellion, would have
found that his reputation was little better than
that which was given to Colonel Kirk. I might
name other Union officers who had quite as
bad a reputation in that State upon the term-
ination of the war. I might name some who
are now Senators on this floor.
But, sir, there is one thing that I desire to
bring to the attention of the Senate in regard
to Colonel Kirk, and that is, that he was ap-
pointed to the command of the United States
forces in the western portion of North Caro-
lina upon the termination of the war at the
request of citizens of that section of the State
belonging to all parties, because they believed
that by his energy and efficiency he could best
protect them in the enjoyment of their lives
and their property. That petition is on file
in the War. Department of the Government
of the United States now, and it is remarkably
strange that if his character was as desperate
and atrocious as is here represented they
should have requested that he of all others
should be placed in command of their section
of the State.
It has been charged that he threatened on a
certain occasion to burn down houses and mur-
der prisoners if he was. attacked. It may be
that such threats were made, but they were
certainly never executed. Having but two or
three hundred men under his command, and
surrounded by a band of thousands who were
threatening resistance and threatening to anni-
hilate his small force, perhaps these threats
may have been necessary under the circum-
stances. But how" can that affect the Governor
of the State of North Carolina in his manage-
ment of the military movement in that State?
In justice to all parties I will read the order
which was given to Colonel Kirk in regard to
the treatment of prisoners :
[Special Orders No. 14.]
Colonel G. W. Kirk, commanding second regi-
ment, North Carolina State troops, will parole all
his prisoners, in whose honor he can confide, to
report to him at Company Shops at ten o'clock a. m.,
on the 15th instant. He will also take the necessary
steps to secure the attendance of all witnesses at this
time.
Colonel Kirk will leave one hundred picked men,
under competent officers, at Yanceyvillo, and move
the rest of his command, with baggage, to Company
Shops, taking special care that his prisoners are not
maltreated or abused.
By command of Governor Holden:
A.W. FISHER,
Adjutant General.
Sir, there is no evidence here that the colonel
of that branch of the militia ever treated his
prisoners cruelly; but it is charged that one
Bergen, the second in command, committed
cruelties upon prisoners in his hands. Now,
Mr. President, without examining into the
truth or falsehood of that charge, allow me to
do further justice by seeing how, upon the
charge being made, he was dealt with by the
Governor of the State. On the 3d of August,
1870, in a letter addressed to Colonel George
W. Kirk, at Yanceyville, Governor Holden,
signing as Governor and commander-in-chief,
said the following:
"It is reported that Lieutenant Colonel Bergen
put a rope around the neck of William Pattou, one
of the prisoners, to force him to confess._ Evidence
obtained in this way is worthless. All prisoners, no
matter how guilty they may be supposed to be,
should be treated humanely. From my knowledge
of your character, I am sure it is only necessary to
call your attention to this matter."
A few days afterward the following order
was issued for the arrest of Colonel Bergen
upon that charge:
Colonel G. W. Kirk,
Second Regiment, North Carolina Militia:
You will order Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Bergen
to report at this office to-morrow, at ten o'clock
a. m.( under arrest.
By order of the Governor and commander-in-
cMef: A. W. FISHER,
Adjutant General,
In pursuance of that order Bergen was car-
ried to the city of Raleigh and imprisoned, and
was allowed to remain in prison for the space
of ninety days, and neither the Governor nor
any other Republican in the State would be-
come his bail. Subsequently the circuit judge,
Judge Bond, went down and took charge of
the case of Bergen, and upon an examination
he discharged him without requiring bail at
all. The Governor and the whole military
movement have been attacked because of the
case of Bergen. Is it not apparent that the
Governor of the State was not responsible,
even if what was charged against Bergen be
true?
But, Mr. President, is it true ? I shall not
pretend to deny it, but I desire to call the
attention of the Senate to a few facts, as so
much has been said in regard to this man,
whose name I never heard until I heard it in
connection with these charges; nor did I ever
know of the purpose to appoint him or to
appoint Colonel Kirk. I find that ex-Gov-
ernor Newell, of the State of New Jersey,
when Colonel Bergen, being a citizen of that
State, was seeking an appointment under the
Government of the United States this winter,
gave the following letter, which was filed at
the State Department:
Willabd's Hotel,
Washington, D. C„ January l.-s, 1871.
It gives me great pleasure to state that George B.
Bergen, esq., is well known to me as a former res-
ident of New Jersey. He is a well-educatcd lawyer,
of considerable experience in his profession, and a
gentleman of general accomplishments and of irre-
proachable reputation. He is a thorough Repub-
lican, and has done effective service to the party in
several important campaigns. His family are of the
most resectable standing, and his associations in
our State entitle him to a recognition among gen-
tlemen everywhere.
Respectfully, WM. A. NEWELL,
Ex-Governor New Jersey and
jEx-Member of Congress.
Similar letters were filed from Hon. Newton
Conger, ex-secretary of State of New Jersey;
from General James P. Rusling, United States
pension agent for New Jersey; A. H. Petti-
bone, attorney general of the first district of
Tennessee ; and there is now in the possession
of the Senator from New Jersey on this floor
the testimony of a score of eminent men of
that State as to the high character of Colonel
Bergen. This being so, and he being sum-
moned before the investigating committee of
the Senate, be stated upon his oath that the
charges against him were false. Subsequently
two men, (Murray and Rogers,) summoned
by the minority members of the committee,
declared upon their oaths before the commit-
tee that Bergen did hang them up by the neck
and otherwise roughly and improperly treated
them.
It stands upon the testimony of Colonel
Bergen and upon the testimony of these two
witnesses. But Murray and Rogers disclosed,
furthermore, that they were members of the
Ku Iviux organization in the county of Ala-
mance; were members of that band, a part
of which hung Outlaw, drowned Puryear,
scourged Corliss, Caswell Holt, and some
twenty-five others, as reported by the majority
of the committee of investigation. That may
leave a question of doubt; but I take it that
no Senator will say that such proof is so plain
as to justify the attacks which have been made
on these officers, and upon the Governor of
the State for his appointment of these two
officers.
But, Mr. President, I have been somewhat
struck by the earnestness with which the rough
