606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
treatment of prisoners by this man Bergenias
been referred to by certain Senators. It is in
evidence that upon two or three men who were
members of the Ku Klux organization in the
county of Alamance be committed acts of vio-
lence. But in regard to such violence, and in
regard to that whole military movement, it
must be borne in mind that not a single drop
of blood was spilled from the beginning to the
end of the whole affair, not a single individual
was permanently injured. It is forgotten by
these certain Senators to advert to the outrages
which were to be put down by the military
force. They forget to refer to the hanging of
Outlaw, the drowning of Puryear, because he
happened to be a witness to the return of some
of the men who were guilty of the hanging of
Outlaw. They forget to advert to the scourg-
ing of Corliss, and to the twenty-five men
subjected, in the county of Alamance, to
scourging, to being shot, and to other fiendish
atrocities committed upon them. They forget
to advert to the sixty-two cases committed by
this band in an adjoining county. All these
things seems to go for nothing; but when
members of this Klan are touched by any offi-
cer of the State and handled more roughly
than Senators think they ought to be, then
there is much to be said about it, and all their
outrages upon peaceable citizens of the State
are completely and totally ignored!
But, Mr. President, another charge is that,
negro militia was used in making these arrests,
and, it is said, for that reason there was less
efficiency in the movement. Sir, I find the
minority Senators charging this. The evidence
proves precisely the contrary, and precisely the
contrary is the fact. There was no negro
militia used in these arrests at all; the wit-
nesses testify that there were no negroes in
that branch of the militia but teamsters. It
might have some effect on the northern people
to have it appear that colored militia was used
in the arrest of white men. There should have
been a more close examination of the testi-
mony before that charge was suffered to go
out under the authority of a report siffned by
two Senators who were members of the com-
mittee. I doubt not that it was inadvertent on
the part of those Senators, but still it is dis-
tinctly and in so many words charged.
Sir, the truth is that the failure was not be-
cause of the manner in which the military
movement was managed. It was because of
the strength and organization of the gangs of
lawless men against whom it wasaimed; it was
because of the support which they received
from quarters higher than themselves. It is
said though that these outrages have all ceased,
and that there is no longer any reason for
apprehending in the State of North Carolina
further trouble from that quarter.
Mr. President, in the face of positive testi-
mony it seems strange to me how any Senator
could have asserted that, and how especially
the careful Senator from Delaware [Mr. Sauls-
bury] could have repeated itbutafew moments
ago. I wiil ask the Clerk to read from page
28, numbered by letters, of the majority re-
port, the testimony of some seven or eight
witnesses, taken before the investigating com-
mittee.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
C. D. Upchurch (p. 107) says:
Question. Do you mean that since the last election
therehavebeen no outrages of this character?
Answer. Oh, no, sir; I do not say that; because
one was committed the other day, to my certain
knowledge. A witness that I had against an illicit
distiller gave evidence before a commission in Ra-
leigh, and on his return home he was whipped very
severely. He was a white man of some character.
I do not say it was finally stopped, but it is not so
rampant as it used to be.
Yirgil S. Lusk (p. 118) says:
Again, a day or two before I left home, the same
man, Brooks, I have spoken of heretofore, came into
ray office and said he had been assaulted again by
these parries, lie told me they came to his house
alter he and his wife had retired and called for him.
His wife told them that he was not at home. They
then broke down the door, came in, and commenced
abusinsr and maltreating his wife. He stated to me
that they attempted to rape her. He groped about
in the dark and got hold of an ax and struck one of
them with it. As he went out of the door he was
struck over the head with a club. He showed me
the scar, reaching from the eye to the hair. When
he got out into the yard ho struck another one of
them with the ax. He went to his friends about it
and they advised him to leave; they said he had
killed two men, and perhaps they would kill him.
So he left and came to Ashville. They followed him
and inquired for him at another house, but he made
his escape by flight. This is about all 1 know of out-
rages committed in my district.
Ethelbert Hubbs (p. 59) says:
In that county, (Lenoir.) a short time ago, about
a month, I think, there was a band of disguised men
went to the house of a colored man by the name of
Whitfield, called him out of his bed, and shot htm
in cold blood, and carried away his horse. Then they
proceeded to another house and shot a man and
woman who occupied it, and took away a horse from
that place. One or two of these men, I think, were
recognized by the woman who was shot, and upon
her information Sheriff Hunter arrested them, as I
learned from him before! left; and he stated that
without doubt they were guilty. On my way here I
learned that they were discharged, as is customary,
on straw bail. X have heard of a great many out-
rages by common report.
George W. Nasou (page 71) says:
Question. You speak of a gin house and barn being
burned in Onslow county; when was that?
Answer. Week before last, before I started from
home.
Question. Have you knowledge of the circum-
stances?
Answer. The man who owned them told mo since
that he had abundant reasons to believe that they
were burned by these desperadoes on account of his
being a northern man and a Republican.
Judge Settle (page 86) says:
Judge Reade informed me, the other day, in
Raleigh, that a party went to several cabins on one
of the plantations in Pearson county and shot one
negro aead, and also shot two others, who recovered,
and whipped several others. The two who recov-
ered were badly shot. The men who did these
things said that heretofore they had only whipped,
but that it was going to be changed, and for the
future they were going to kill. The judge sent for
the witnesses, in fact, for the whole neighborhood,
and he told me that when he brouerht them up it was
with the greatest difficulty they could be got to tes-
tify. They asked to be let alone ; they preferred to
submit to the treatment they had received rather
than run the risk of telling it.
W. P. Bynum (page 56) says:
Question. In the appendix to the message of Gov-
ernor Holden I find a letter over your signature,
under date of May 20, 1870. I will read a para-
graph :
" On the whole I am satisfied that, as a law officer,
I can do nothing through the ordinary channels of
the courts. In my judgment there are only two
ways of arresting the evil: first, by arousing public
opinion to put it down; or, secondly, by invoking
the aid of United States troops, and making some
sharp and decisive examples."
That had reference to the wrongs of which you
have si>oken as having been committed by this or-
ganization. Was that the state of things as you
believed it to exist at that time?
Answer. Yes, sir; and in connection with that I
will8f.ate that since that time, and up to about the
1st of January, there have been several other very
serious outrages committed. Two or three colored
persons, to my knowledge, have been shot, and a
great many whippings have taken place in the coun-
ties of Cleveland, Lincoln, and Gaston. I will state
in regard to one case that came to my knowledge
only a few days ago. It is the case of a white per-
son of the name of Carpenter. He stated that he
had employed two negroes to work for him this
year; that they were negroes of good character,
honest, and industrious. Shortly after he had em-
ployed them he was advised by some of his neigh-
bors to send them off; that they did not want them
in that neighborhood. He declined to send the ne-
groes away, and a night or two afterward a disguised
band came to his house. They went into his house,
ran him off. broke open his drawers, searched the
house from bottom to top, and when they went away
they carried off, he says, eighty dollars in money.
They ran the negroes off, and alarmed his wife, who
was there alone with four or five children, and he
stated that since that time his wife has been in such
a condition that she has been afraid to live here;
that he had abandoned his house and gone to live in
a log cabin or kitchen, because it was a more secure
place; and that he and his family were now sleeping
on the floor, apprehending an attack every night.
He ulso says that since he has reported that money
had been stolen from his house they had sent him
word that the Ku Klux do not steal; that he would
have to take that back, or he would be severely dealt
with. He also stated that he voted the Conserva-
tive ticket.
Judge Logan (pages 186,187) says:
In the county of Rutherford, about three weeks
ago, a white woman was whipped. Theinformation
that I had about it was that it was done by men dis-
guised. In the county ot Rutherford my opinion is
that a fair trial could be had; that is, if the evidence
were sufficient to convict any one of any offense.
These are the only instances that happened in the
county of Rutherford.
Question. W ere the outrages inflicted by persons
in disguise?
Answer. Yes, sir; all of them. The persons that I
had arrested appeared before me and the prool w.is
that they were disguised. * * * * I
left home last Monday week; I saw different men on
the road, as respectable as any in the State of North
Carolina—men who had heretofore been bold and
fearless about telling to any one what they believed
to be the case, but who have now become frariul,
and have stopped talking. * * * *
Question. Doyou reter to their talking about the
organization itself, or to the expression of their
political views?
Awnoer. Both; in talking about the org mization
and the coursc that its members pursue; in epe^k-
ing of any one belonging to the Ku Klux oigamza-
tion, for instance, and of their going out and whip-
ping people, or passing censure on any one connected
with any such order.
A. L. Ramsoursays:
Michael Petrie they whipped two weeks ago; I
happened providentially to go by his house the
morning after it happened. * * * * John
Fowler, a young man I was guardian for, that was my
body-guard; they whipped him the other night.
Question. The other night?
Answer. Yes, sir; just about two weeks ngo; he
was staying with his grandmother, an old lady sixty
years old, and they frightened her pretry near to
death. * * * * JMony Carpenter, a
wbireman, was robbed of eighty dollar# the other
week by men in disguise.
Mr. POOL. On page 38 of the minority
report it is said, "an examination of this mass
of testimony will disclose the fact that no out-
rages are proven to have occurred in more
thau six or eight counties." In the majority
report i find that it is asserted that they are
proved to have existed in twenty-seven coun-
ties instead of six or eight. The counties are
set forth with the outrages committed and the
names of the parties upon whom they were
proved to have been committed. That state-
ment is found on page 19, marked by letters,
of the majority report of the investigating com-
mittee. In Lincoln county there were seven-
teen scourgings and other outrages, and seven
persons shot. In the county of Alamance
there were fifty-five scourgings, murders, and
other outrages. In the county of Catawba
there were twenty-three. In other counties
there were more or less; and the victims'
names are given and the character of the out-
rages upon them stated. They are given in
this order : Craven, Caswell, Chatham, Jones,
Orange, Rockingham, Rutherford, Wake,Mad-
ison, Yancey, Cumberland, Cleveland, and m
all these the names of the victims are given
and the character of each outrage is reported
by the majority of the committee according to
the proof.
In addition, the committee go on to say : •
"Besides these specific cases of outrages, the testi-
mony refers in general terms to others committed in
Moore, Chatham, Person, Buncombe, Surry. Yad-
kin, Davie, Stokes, Robeson, Sampson, Duplin,
Lenoir, and Gaston counties."
Mr. President, it is idle for any one to un-
derrate the condition of affairs in the southern
States by miscalculating or misinterpreting the
testimony which has been introduced before
the Senate. I would not magnify it, nor would
I advert to it if I did not feel it to be a sacred
duty, in order that it may be remedied and that
the southern people may escape consequences
more to be dreaded than they now contemplate.
I believe that the military movement in the
State of North Carolina last summer was
properly undertaken. In many of its features it
was not so properly managed. I know with
what reluctance it was undertaken, and it is
but justice to those who undertook it that the
people of the country should know how it was
sought to be avoided. For more than a year
previous to undertaking it the Governor of
the State had, by proclamation after proclama-
tion, warned the people of the necessity which
they were foreing upon him ; but those proc-
lamations, instead of producing the desired
effect, seemed really to increase the evil.
Another expedient was first resorted to, that
of calling upon leading Democrats in the vari-
ous counties and appealing to them to aid in
suppressing this lawlessness, which seemed to
