1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
proceed from their friends or from persons
over whom they were supposed to have influ-
ence.
In the county of Orange there was selected
for this purpose an eminent Democrat and
influential citizen, formerly the confederate
States marshal for the State of North Caro-
lina, Captain Pride Jones. I have before me,
after Captain Jones had consented to act and
had undertaken the task, a communication of
the Governor to him giving him instructions
in these words:
" Every citizen has a right to attach himself to a
secret political organization; and these organiza-
tions are harmless so long as they respect the rights
of person and property. But, though lawful, they
are not expedient. The time has passed when they
were even expedient. They can effect no special good
at present, but they may be the cloak or the occa-
sion for mischief. Especially are tliey >jj when the
mombers disguise themselves and take arms and
ride through neighborhoods breaking the peace and
terrifying the inhabitants. You will, therefore,
mildly but firmly, discountenance and diseouragc
allsecretpolitical organizations, and especially those
that put on disguises and carry arms."
There was an appeal made of the same
character to Mr. Donoho, of the county of
Caswell, and on the 22d of April, 1870, 1 find
this letter- from the Governor of the State to
him, he being a leading Democrat, and sup-
posed to have influence among those who had
coutrol of these organizations:
Executive Department,
State op north Carolina,
Raleigh, April 22, 1870.
Dear Sir: I have reports from Caswell of acts of
violence committed on both white and colored per-
sons. Not only are personal rights and property to
some extent endangered,_ but the good name of the
county may be seriously injured.
X appeal to you and other gentlemen of character
and standing to interpose and arrest these violations
of law.
I would be glad if you would visit and consult
with Dr. Roan and others on the subject.
It is important to check these acts of violence at
once, and before the excitement of the campaign
begins.
1 would be glad to hear from you on the subject.
Very truly, y >urs,
\V. W. HOLDEJJ, Governor.
Thomas A. Donoho, esq.
In the county of Chatham an appeal was
made to Captain Ramsey, a confederate officer
and a man high in influence with the Demo-
cratic party, and he undertook to interpose in
that county and put down the outrages, and
thus prevent the resort to military force. I have
before me the letter of the Governor to him:
State op North Carolina.
Executive Department,
Raleigh, May 7, 1870.
DeakSik: Your letter of the 4th instant has been
received.
The retaliatory outrages mentioned are greatly to
be deplored. All violations should be remedied
through the proper legal tribunals, and either laid
before the grand jury, or before some judge, for
bench warrants.
Retaliation for violence greatly aggravates the
evil, and is calculated to increase into real strife,
produce distrust among neighbors, and lead to
bloodshed. All good citizens should unite to enforce
the laws. In this case, as in all others, the proper
resort is to the grand jury or the judge of the dis-
trict, and you should obtain all the evidence you
can in the case.
Very respectfully,
W. AT. HOLDEN. Governor.
Captain N. A. Ramsey.
But, sir, that expedient failed; the outrages
proceeded. On the 10th of March, 1870, the
Governor appealed to the President of the
United States, and I will ask the Secretary to
read the letter which he wrote to the President,
seeking to avoid the use of the State militia.
I ask the Secretary to read what I have marked
in the book I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" There exists in this State a secret, oath-bound,
armed organization, which is hostile to the fetate
government and to the Government of the Umted
States. Bands of these armed men ride at night
through various neighborhoods, whipping and mal-
treating peaceable citizens, hanging: some, burning
churches, and breaking up schools which have been
established for the colored people. These outrages
are almost invariably committed on persons, white
and colored, who are mostdevnted in their feelings
and conduct to the Government of the United States.
I cannot rely upon the militia to repress these out-
rages, for the reason that in the localities in which
these outrages occur white militia of the proper
character cannot be obtained, and it would but ag-
gravate the evil to employ colored militia. Besides,
the expense ofcallingoutthe militia would be greater
than our people could well bear in their present im-
poverished condition. Federal troops inspire terror
among evil-doers, and they have the confidence and
respect of a majority of our people. We therefore
look to and rely on the Federal Government to aid
us in repressing these outrages, and in restoring peace
and good order."
Mr. POOL. It will be perceived with what
reluctance there was a resort to the use of the
military power. The authorities of the United
States, with great propriety, insisted that the
State ought to exhaust every means in its
power before they should be called upon to
intervene. But it all failed. The Governor
of the State has been even indicted in the State
courts for making arrests by military power.
His militia officers have been indicted in the
county of Alamance; the Governor himself
indicted in the county of Orange ; two coun-
ties in which these outrages of a most horrid
character have occurred; indicted by the same
grand juries that have refused and still refuse
to indict, in a single instance, the perpetrators
of murder and arson and scourging and other
outrages committed in their character as Ku
Klux.
In this condition of things, what is left? Is
there not a case made in which, if the United
States Government has the power to supply
the failure of the State authorities to afford
protection to citizens of the United States, it
must interpose its authority? But, before I
come to examine the question of power on the
part of the United States Government, I de-
sire to answer another reproach that Senators
and others have attempted to cast upon the
government of the State of North Carolina by
the charge that it is a carpet-bag government.
Sir, the Governor of the State, the Lieuten-
ant Governor, and every executive officer, save
two, are natives. Of the seventeen judges,
sixteen are natives. By a reference to the
Congressional Register I find that in the last
Congress North Carolina had nine Represent-
atives, of whom there was but one carpet-bag-
ger, all the others being natives. In the pres-
ent Congress all are natives save one, and that
one is a Democrat. Does this seem as if the
State of North Carolina is under a carpet-bag
government? There are not three thousand
carpet-baggers within the borders of the State.
In the Legislature elected by the Republican
party there were only twenty-two carpet-bag-
gers out of one hundred and seventy members.
There were only seventeen colored men out of
the one hundred and seventy members, all the
rest being native white North Carolinians, "to
the manner born." And yet North Carolina
is charged with being a carpet-bag State and
under carpet-bag government. Sir, the frauds
that were machinated and perpetrated were
managed mainly by a native of the State, a
man of wealth and influence, and a Democrat;
aided, it is true, by carpet-baggers and by
strangers that came into the State from a dis-
tance. I might compare the government of
North Carolina, in this respect, favorably with
that of the other States of this Union.
The charge came first and with most vio-
lence from the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair.] When I came to look at the Con-
gressional Register, I found that the State of
Missouri, too, had in the last Congress nine
Representatives, and of the nine there was but
one native, while of the nine from North Car-
olina there was but one carpet-bagger. And
yet Missouri charges that North Carolina is a
caipet-bag State 1 Why, sir, you may take the
governments of most of the States of this
Union and compare them with the present gov-
ernment of my State, and there will be less
carpet-bagging found in the government ot
North Carolina than in that of almost any of
them.
But I was somewhat astonished to hear the
Senator say that Virginia had driven out her
carpet-baggers. Has she? The Governor and
Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina are
natives, but the Governor of Virginia to-day
is a carpet-bagger, elected by Democrats. Is
that the way the Democracy of Virginia drive
out carpet-baggers ? Do they drive them out
by electing them Governors 1 The truth is that
whenever a northern man, who goes into a
southern State, will prove a traitor to the prin-
ciples which he entertained at home, when he
will lend himself to the purposes of the Democ-
racy or be purchased by them, they forget that
he is a carpet-bagger and are ready to use him
and elevate him to any office within their gift.
I know, among the northern gentlemen who
have gone to North Carolina, some who are
among the best and purest of our people. We
welcome them, and I feel that when they are
attacked the very best interests of my State
are struck at; for it is from outside that we
must hope for those resources of recuperation
which we so much need in our present con-
dition.
Having said thus much, I will proceed to
examine the question of the power of the Uni-
ted States Government to intervene with its
authority to extend that protection to the citi-
zen which has been denied in many of the
southern States by the State authorities.
The first section of the' fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution contains four distinct
propositions, each necessary to complete the
full national guarantee of protection to the
liberties of American citizens in the several
States. The first proposition is an express
declaration of a dual citizenship:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside."
Until the adoption of this amendment there
was no positive declaration of citizenship of
the United States, nor of the several States.
Now, native-born and naturalized residents are
citizens, first, of the United States, secondly,
of the States in which they reside. Why this
express declaration of citizenship, unless it
implies some right or class of rights as inci-
dent thereto, which were meant to have thus
thrown around them a national protection?
The full scope of the rights incident to citizen-
ship may not be easy to define.
The American system is founded upon the
common law of England. By the common
law, the absolute rights of individuals are the
right to personal liberty, personal security,
and private property. Certainly the rights
incident to citizenship cannot be less than the
three absolute rights recognized by the com-
mon law, the protection of which is the prime
object for which all governments are estab-
lished. They are necessarily incident to citi-
zenship itself. When the Constitution declares
that a man is an American citizen, it pledges
the nation to secure to him the free enjoy-
ment of at least these fundamental rights.
When it tether expressly declares that he
shall be a citizen of the State in which he
resides, if it does not pledge the same security
for any additional rights that may arise by vir-
tue of such State citizenship, it must mean to
throw first upon the several States the duty of
protecting the rights incident to citizenship of
the United States, and to reserve the exercise
of the national authoiity for those cases in
which a State shall fail in such protection. It
is made, primarily, the duty of the States to
give the protection. Upon their failure the
national Government must intervene with its
authority in defense of the rights of its citi-
zens.
Having thus established national citizenship
as resting no longer upon mere implication,
but as a substantive tiling, with all its inci-
dents subject to the national authority, the
first section proceeds to deal more specifically
with the primary duty which it lias imposed
upon the several States. A State can act only
through the legislative, judicial, or executive
branches of its government.
