608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
The second proposition in the first section
of the fourteenth amendment is aimed at the
State governments, and provides against posi-
tive action only. Failure to act is not referred
to, even by implication :
"No State shall make or enforce any law whieh
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States.
The third proposition relates to the judicial
branch of the State governments, for process
of law must issue from the courts. This, too,
provides against positive action.
" Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law."
The fourth proposition relates more partic-
ularly to the executive branch of the State
governments, and embraces failure to act It
is in these words :
"Nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws."
The protection of the laws can hardly be de-
nied except by failure to execute them. While
the laws are executed their protection is neces-
sarily afforded. Bights conferred by laws are
worthless unless the laws be executed. The
right to personal liberty or personal security
can be protected only by the execution of the
laws upon those who violate such rights. A
failure to punish the offender is not only to
deny to the person injured the protection of
the laws, but to deprive him, in effect, of the
rights themselves.
By the first section of the fourteenth amend-
ment a new right, so far as it depends on
express constitutional provision, is conferred
upon every citizen ; it is the right to the pro-
tection of the laws. This is the most valu-
able of all rights, without which all others are
worthless and ail right and all liberty but an
empty name. To deny this greatest of all
rights is expressly prohibited to the States as
a breach of that primary duty imposed upon
t hem by tbe national Constitution. Where any
State, by commission or omission, denies this
right to the protection of the laws, Congress
may, by appropriate legislation, enforce and
maintain it. But Congress must deal with
individuals, not States. It must punish the
offender against the rights of the citizen; for
in no other way can protection of the laws be
secured and its denial prevented.
Thus, sir, it is plain that when a State shall
deny the protection of the laws to citizens of
the United States, and thus violate that primary
duty which the first proposition in the first sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment imposes, it
is incumbent on the Government of the United
States to intervene by its power to protect the
rights which are incident to its citizenship.
Mr. President, for more than a year past
North Carolina, in common with other south-
ern States, has occupied an unfortunate posi-
tion before the country. The Ku Klux law-
lessness and crime, so widespread and un-
checked by State authority, have impressed
the public mind with the convictitm that the
communities in which they occur are wanting
in that moral tone and sentiment which distin-
guish well-regulated society from a condition
of general demoralization and violence. This
impression has been unfortunate to those
States in many respects. It has kept away
immigration and capital, so much needed,
and has brought more or less reproach upon
the whole people.
A general apprehension has been felt that
the disturbances would increase with time,
until atnodistant period they would culminate
in revolutionary violence and a general disrup-
tion of law and order. Thegeneral failure of
the civil authorities to check crimes so numer-
ous and horrible in character, or to bring the
offenders to justice in a single instance, has
been a matter of profound astonishment to
the people of the other States, causing them to
believe that the authorities were in complicity
with the criminals, or totally incompetent or
careless of their duty. The disclosures on
this subject have been so widely made by the
public press that to disregard them would be
to add to their damaging force on the char-
acter and material prospects of the southern
States. A portion of the southern press has
teemed with denunciations of the. State gov-
ernments and wholesale charges of corrup-
tion and malfeasance against the officers elected
by the people. It has added to the dark cata-
logue of Ku Klux outrages charges of lawless-
ness and crime against the Union League^
and other loyal associations haviflg for their
object the inculcation of loyalty to the United
States and the practical enforcement of the
policy indicated by the recent amendments to
the Constitution.
Thus have the whole southern people been
arraigned by one side or the other and involved
in a common disgrace and ruin to their pros-
perity and material interests. The nation has
been unable to discriminate between that por-
tion of the southern communities which is
upright and law-abiding and that portion which
is responsible for the disorders. The country
being unable to measure the relative strength
and numbers of each, or to calculate the prob-
abilities of any early termination to a condition
of affairs seemingly so anomalous and threat-
ening, the investigation instituted by the Sen-
ate was a simple act of justice to the southern
States, in order that what seemed a common
disgrace and a common spirit of turbulence
and crime should be fixed upon the guilty, and
thus the innocent and law-abiding masses of
thepeople vindicated. That this investigation
should have been opposed and denounced by
the guilty and invited by the innocent was
natural. The consciousness of guilt and the
consciousness of innocence may be tested by
the course which the respective parties have
pursued by approval or disapproval of the
investigation. The measure of guilt and of the
fear of consequences has been most strikingly
indicated by the zeal and anxiety of the oppo-
sition manifested by a certain class brought
within the scope of the investigation.
The Ku Klux organizations have been charged
with most unprecedented crimes, perpetrated in
the interest of party and actuated by a spirit
of rebellious hostility to the Government and
Constitution of the United States. Many lead-
ers of the Democratic party of the South have
been more than suspected of encouraging such
crimes, either by actual instigation or by with-
holding their public disapproval. Have they
impressed the country with their innocence by
their violent denunciation of the investigation
by the Senate and by their scurrilous abuse
of all supposed to be instrumental in institut-
ing it?
The officials and those occupying leading
positions under the Republican governments
m the southern States, accused of corruption,
malfeasance in office, and personal turpitude,
and thus brought within the scope of the invest-
igation, have nevertheless approved and invited
the fullest inquiry and scrutiny into the charges
and imputations against them. They have
favored the investigation, not more to fix the
guilt of the banded marauders who are their
accusers than to vindicate themselves and
show to the country the reasons why the con-
stituted authorities under their management
have been unable to suppress a certain class
of crimes which has spread such distrust and
darkness over the southern States. They have
been satisfied that a thorough investigation
would exonerate the great masses of the south-
ern people from all complicity with the crimes
of the Ku Klux, or with the corruption and
misconduct which have unfortunately charac-
terized some of the officials in the South.
The perpetrators of these crimes, and those
guilty of corruption and malfeasance, were
very naturally opposed to this investigation.
Good men who sought to conceal or excuse
neither the one nor the other, but who felt
themselves and their States involved in the
common reproach, have as naturally sought
and aided an exposure of the whole truth.
In their efforts to conceal or excuse the
barbarous and inhuman deeds of the Ku Klux
Klan overzealous and unscrupulous partisans
in the southern States have aspersed the name
of the southern people. They have charged
them with elevating to office only the base and
incompetent. They have denounced the con-
stituted authorities of their States, elected by
the people, as composed almost entirely of
thieves and imbeciles. They have sought to
destroy the force of the laws and to weaken
the authority of Government by blasting the
reputation of individuals with falsehood and
slander, and thus to bring into general reproach
and disgrace the whole reconstruction policy
of the United States Government and to des-
troy the influence of its friends and supporters.
While their confederates have attempted to
strike terror into the humbler classes by masked
parades in numbers, by scourging, assassina-
tion,and indescribable and fiendish barbarities,
they have been busy in maligning the chosen
rulers of thepeople, in underrating the intelli-
gence and good conduct of the people them-
selves, and in recklees'resistance to the enforce-
ment of the rights and liberties of American
citizenship. Blinded by sectional prejudice,
intent upon resistance to the established con-
sequences of their former follies, maddened by
the ruin which they have already wrought, they
can take no sober view of the promises of the
future. Disregardingthe danger of furtherruin
which their conduct invites, clinging to hopes
which nothing but madness can dictate, they
are denying to the South the return of peace,
refusing it the increased prosperity and pro-
gress which stand ready, but for them, to bless
its people. They move recklessly on to further
calamities upon the South. Events have
proved them to be its worst enemies in the
past; they are its worst and only enemies at
present. By them the considerate and patri-
otic men of the South are denounced as ene-
mies of their section, as recreant sons and
parricides.
Sir, upon whose hands is the blood of three
hundred thousand misguided southern men
whose bones are scattered on the battle-fields
of the rebellion ? By whose ambitious mad-
ness was it that peace, prosperity, and happi-
ness were changed into civil war, desolation,
and mourning? Under whose instigation and
management were homes made desolate, for-
tunes wasted, established institutions broken
up, society disorganized, the southern States
overrun with hostile armies, their governments
subverted, moderate terms of peace refused,
harsher terms made necessary, and all present
misfortunes consummated? If history contains
a political parricide's record, in what does it
differ from this? It may differ in the absence
of that assurance, which, after the crime, as-
sumes again the garb of friendship, and renews
the pretenses under which tbe first wrong was
done that further wrong may be committed. It
may differ in tbe absence of the calumny aimed
at those who seek to shield their country from
the insidious hands of its enemies.
North Carolina has been cursed with lawless
bauds, whose deeds of violence have outraged
her people, driven the elements of wealth from
her borders, destroyed her peace, and brought
reproach on her fair name. Whenever a voice
has been raised against this outrage upon her
peace, her welfare, and her honor, these
banded conspirators and their apologists have
assumed to be the State; have assumed that
they only are the people, and that to denounce
their crimes is to denounce the State and its
whole people. Sir, the people of North Caro
lina are not Ku Klux assassins, though cursed
by the presence of such. The State of North
Carolina is not in complicity with crime and
criminals. Her people have still left that honor
and law-abiding spirit for which they have
ever been so distinguished. Reduced to weak-
ness by a tide of sectional fanaticism with
which she had little sympathy but could not
resist, wearied with strife, impoverished by the
