612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Or was it one of
those cases where this party took it upon him-
self to carry the mail ?
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will hear
the statement read which 1 send up to the
Clerk, I have no doubt he will come to the
conclusion that it is all right. When the facts
are before the House gentlemen may vote it
dowu or not as they may think proper.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Ramsey. I offer an amendment, to come in
on Paste 4, after line thirty-four of section three:
"To pay Dexter R. Crocker for carrying the mail
from Canyonville. Oregon, to Yrefea, California,
from the 24th of April to the 9th of November, 1853,
51,625. «
" The papers in this case have just been placed in
my hand, and I havo had the consent of the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads to offer the
amendment. From a memorandum which I have
here it appears that under the advertisement of the
Postmaster General inviting proposals for carrying
the mails on mail route No. 5046, from Canyonville,
Oregon, to Yreka, California, one hundred and
forty miles, semi-monthly, "William W. Chapman,
being the lowest bidder, at $2,000 per annum, was
accepted. Ho executed contracts an4 commenced
the service, bnt failed. The public interest demand-
ing a continuance of the service, temporary carriers
were employed, of whom Dexter R Crocker was
one. His service was from April 24 to November 9,
1853, under an agreement with the postmaster at
Canyonville, at $125 per trip for thirteen trips,
amounting to $1,625.
"Crocker, finding that he was sustaining heavy
loss at the price agreed upon, ceased to carry the
mails, and from the records in the contract office
the subsequent service was paid for at the rate of
$166 66 per trip, or $4,00:) per annum. This claim has
been prosecuted since 1855, and has finally been
allowed by the Pos master General, and a report
made for its payment by the Auditor, but it cannot
bo paid on account of the act of July 12,1870, which
carried all balances to the Treasury.
"I have here also the certificate of the Depart-
ment. as toliows:
"'Route5056, Oregon, (1851 to 1851;) Canyonville,
Oregon, to Yreka, California, (\V. W. Chapman )
""Recognize the service of Dexter R. Crocker in
perfo. ming thirteen trips on this route between the
24th April and the 9th November, 1853, at the rate
of$125 per trip, making $1.625; and refer to Auditor
to pay and charge W. W. Chapman.'"
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy
of an order of the Postmaster General as recorded
in his official journal on the 23d February, 1871.
In testimony whereof 1 have set my band and
caused theseal of the Post Office Department
El. s.J to bo affixed on this 21stday of March, in the
year of our Lord 1871.
JOHN A. J. CRESWELL,
Poatmunter General.
"These are the simple facts in this case, and I
think therecan be no objection to the amendment.
The certificate of the Department is almost equiva-
lent to a warrant upon the Treasury, and it is only
because the tund out of which he should be paid has
been covered into the Treasury that tb is man cannot
now be paid. The service was rendered as long ago
as 1853."
Mr. RANDALL I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that this may be
all right and proper, but it is nevertheless a
private claim inserted in one of the general
appropriation bills. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is well aware that bills providing
for the payment of claims, when reported by
the appropriate committees, are considered and
iicted upon with all the reasons in favor of
them spread upon the record. My objection
to this is that here, upon a deficiency bill, we
have not all the facts spread upon the record.
Mr. I)AWES. That is true.
Mr. RANDALL. In addition to that, it is
opening the door to the admission of other
private claims upon an appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. That is all true. We have
here the certificate of the Postmaster General
that he has found this amount due for carrying
the mails between the points indicated, under
a contract, at a certain fixed rate. Unless that
certificate is a fraud this amount has been
found to be justly due. He further certifies
that he would have paid it if the balance of
appropriation had not been covered into the
Treasury by our general law. From the ex-
amination which the committee were able to
make we did not see any evidence to suspect
that anything was wrong about it. Here are
the positive certificates of the Postmaster
General, and under the circumstances, inas-
much as the fund itself from which he would
have paid it was covered by our action into
the Treasury, and inasmuch as we found this
in the bill when it came from the Senate, we
agreed to let it remain in the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I feel that in opposing
these matters I occupy an unpleasant position,
but I feel bound to make opposition to all
private claims Geing inserted in the general
appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I do not criticise the gentle-
man because of his solicitude about such items
as this being inserted into geueral appropria-
tion bills. The only way to prevent any other
than proper appropriations being embraced in
general appropriation bills is by constantly crit-
icising every item as it comes tip, and, if there
be any ground why it should not be allowed, to
vote it out.
Mr. NIBLACK. The difficulty is in the
phraseology adopted in this item, as it is not
really a claim, but a deficiency arising in
consequence of our having covered into the
Treasury the appropriation out of which it
was to be paid.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the thirty fifth amendment,
as follows :
For the completion of the custom-house at St.
Paul, Minnesota, 835 163 65, being the amount of a
balance of an appropriation for that building now
standing to its credit on the books of the Treasury,
but unavaiable under existing laws.
The SPEAKER. The committee recom-
mend concurrence.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to concur in that
amendment with an amendment, to which,
when explained, I think there will be no
objection. I send it to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the thirty-fifth amendment these words:
That section twoof an act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal yen- endine June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses, approved March 3, 1871, be, and hereby is,
amended by striking out after the words " for cus-
tom-house, Astoria, Oregon," the word "comple-
tion," and insert in place thereof " continuation of
the construction."
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, the estimates
for the completion of the custom-house at Asto-
ria require $29,000 to complete the building.
At the last regular session, however, we cut
down the amount asked for by the Depart-
ment to $10,000, but still retained the phrase-
ology in the- estimate, which required the
amount to be appropriated for the " comple-
tion" of the building. Now, in point of fact,
$10,000 will not complete it. The Secretary
of the Treasury construes the law to mean that
if he uses the money at all he must use it for
the completion of the building, and under this
condition of things he is unable, as he con
s'rues it, to use the money thus appropriated.
By changing the phraseology, and saying that
this money shall be used in continuation of
the construction of the building, he can then
use the money in the ordinary way, and Con-
gress can be called upon afterward to appro-
priate the remaining amount, $19,000, which
is necessary to complete the building. The
sum asked by the Department was understood
at the time by the Committee on Appropria-
tions to be the true amount required when this
appropriation of $10,000 was made. As being
a mere matter of changing the phraseology,
which the Secretary of the Treasury desires to
be made, I trust there will be no objection to
the amendment. It does not appropriate any
money at all.
The amendment was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
The Clerk read the thirty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
Skc. 6. That any appropriations heretofore made
for any public works, buildings, or grounds, for the
year commencing July 1,1871, shall be available for
the current year: Provided, That no expenditure
beyond the several sutns already appropriated shall
be authorized by this section.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, since the com-
mittee made their report I have received a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Treasury, calling
the attention of the committee to the peculiar
effect of legislation of the last session of Con-
gress which renders an amendment to this bill
necessary. An act was passed for the better
security of life on board all vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, aud for other
purposes. In the sixty-sixth section of that
act it was provided that " the salaries of all
supervising inspectors, local inspectors," &c.,
all the expenses incurred under the act—I need
not read them in detail—shall be—
"Paid for under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury out of the revenues received into the
Treasury from the inspection of steam-vessels and
the licensing of the officers of such vessels, as pro-
vided for by the terms of this aGt, and the samo
is hereby appropriated for the payment of such
expenses, or so much thereof as may be required
for such purposes."
The First Comptroller of the Treasury has
decided that this section repeals the appro-
priation in the regular appropriation bill for
the compensation of these officers, and renders
their compensation dependent wholly upon an
appropriation out of these revenues, these rev-
enues will not come in for some time, and after
having come in, they are to be subjected to
certain tests and vouchers provided for in the
act; so that for some time, under this construc-
tion, which is evidently correct, all of these
officers will be without compensation. To
meet that, I offer the following amendment to
this section, which merely provides for their
compensation out of the Treasury until the
revenues come in, and then what they are
paid out of the Treasury is to be reimbursed
to the Treasury out of those revenues.
The Clerk read as follows:
And the appropriation for the payment of the
salary and traveling expenses of a special agent of
the Treasury Department, and for the salaries of all
supervising inspectors, local_ inspectors, and clerks
employed in the administration of tticsteaniboatin-
spection laws, made undersecfiori one of an act mak-
ing appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending Juue 30, 1871, ap-
proved July 15,1870, and still remaining unexpended,
shall oe applicable as heretofore to the payment of
such salaries and expenses, until sufficient revenue
shall accrue therefor under the provisions of bection
sixty-six of an act to provide for the better security
of life on board of vessels propelled iu whole or m
part by steam, and foroiher purposes, approvedFeb-
ruary 28.1871; the amount paid under the provisions
of this section to be reimbursed to the Treasury out
of the revenue received under the provisions of said
act of February 28,1871.
Mr. DAWES. I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, to which I hava
referred, be printed in the Globe.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The letter is as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C„ April 11,1871.
Sik: Under authority of section sixty-six of the
act to provide for the better security of life on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam, ap-
proved February 28,1871. provision is made lor the
payment of the salaiies of all officers employed in
pursuance thereof, and their necessary expenses, out
of the fees or revenues received into theTreasury
from the inspection of steam-vessels and the licens-
ing of the officers of such vessels, asaro provided for
by the terms of the act.
This law. according to the opinion of the First
Comptrollerof the'freasury, repeals that part of the
law of July 15,1870, which made appropriations for
sundry civil expenses for the fiscal year to end Juno
30.1871, relating to the payment for the steamboat
inspection service, and payment has been stopped
for the salaries of all supervising and local inspect-
ors at the various ports.
I have therefore the honor to recommend the con-
tinuance of the appropriation of this year which
remains unexpended to such time—say to the close
of the present fiscal year—as the revenue Irom
licenses aud fees may be sufficient to sustain the ser-
vice.
It is believed thatwhen the service is fully organ-
ized the receipts that will be derived therefrom will
be more than enough to defray all the necessary ex-
penses, the residue of which will, as heretofore, be
deposited in the Treasury, to the credit of the appro-
priation for collecting the revenue from customs.
It may be remarked that tho moneys remaining
in the Treasury derived from the inspection of
boats and for licenses to pilots and engineers, after
paying all expenses, for the year ending June,'JO,
1871, will exceed $100,000.
I inclose a, draft of a provision which, if enacted,
will give authority for the payment of the officers
