1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
employed in the administration of the steamboat
inspection laws.
I have thrf honor to be. very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. Henry L. Dawes, Chairman Committee on
Appropriation!, Iloune of Representatives.
Mr. RANDALL. Would not the addition
of that amendment prevent the rejection of
the Senate amendment?
Mr. DAWES. No ; we can then reject the
whole amendment-
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the principle
contained in the first part of this section. If
the gentleman will withdraw his amendment
for a moment I will state my objection to this
section.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
Mr. RANDALL. This amendment of the
Senate proposes '• that any appropriation here-
tofore made for any public works, buildings,
or grounds, for the year commencing July 1,
1871, shall be available for the current year."
Now to my mind that is a most pernicious
provision. There may be instances where
public buildings would suffer by reason of the
delay in completing the buildings; although I
am free to say that 1 think the Government
has credit enough to provide against any such
contingency.
This is one of the most sweeping sections I
have ever read. It provides for using in the
present fiscal year any appropriation hereto-
fore made for any public works, building, or
grounds. I would like to suggest to the gen-
tleman having this bill in charge [Mr. Dawes]
that he put some limitation upon this section.
If there be any building which it is absolutely
necessary shall be proceeded with, let that
building be specified. But tosay that power
shall be given to spend during the current
fiscal year all the money appropriated for the
next fiscal year for any public building or
grounds is, I think, setting a precedent which
in the end will prove very disastrous.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will observe
that there is this limitation upon it: that no
expenditure is authorized beyond the specific
sums appropriated.
Mr. RANDALL. That would be the case
without this section.
Mr. DAWES. It is made certain that no
additional appropriation shall be made to sup-
ply for the next fiscal year the amount taken
for the present fiscal year. The object of this
amendment is to provide for the commence-
ment of work upon these buildings in the
spring, instead of waiting until the 1st of
July next. That is all there is in it. The,
only difficulty that arises will be in keeping
the accounts at the Treasury Department be
tween this year and next year. If the account
is opened at the Treasury Department with
the building itself there will be no trouble
about it. If it is opened with the year rather
than with the buildings themselves there would
be some confusion. But the necessity of com
mencing the work on these public buildings in
the spring rather than in the very middle and
heat of the summer seemed to be so desirable
as to induce the Department to say that they
would incur the additional trouble in keeping
their books. That is all there is in it.
Take, for instance, the appropriation for
the new State Department building, which
the last Congress decided was imperatively
demanded by the public necessities. It can-
not be touched now; no contract can be
made until after the 1st of July, as the law
now stands. Now, contractors enter upon the
work of the season in the spring; they then
make their engagements and contracts for the
whole summer. Therefore, after the 1st of
July, if you undertake to make contracts for
this work, on the State Department (or instance,
you will find no contractors tree except those
who are irresponsible. Ail the other contract-
ors will have their hands full, and you cannot,
make an advantageous contract with any of
them, such as you could make if you authorize
the work to be proceeded with at once. These
are the reasons which induced this departure,
which has the objection that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] has sug-
gested. But the special Committee on Appro-
priation's have considered all the objections
to this provision, and, in their opinion, the
advantages seem to outweigh the objections.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I agree with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
that this section is a very dangerous one, for
it opens the door very wide. I do not see how
the Government can sufferif this section should
not be adopted, if the erection of the new
building for the State Department should be
delayed for a few months, or even for a year.
But, by the terms of this amendment of the
Senate, all the appropriations which have been
made for works during the next fiscal year
are opened and made available during the
next two months. There is but little over two
months' time between now and the first of
July, when the appropriations can be made
available, long before contractors would have
their plans ready to commence work upon these
buildings.
There are no expenditures of the Govern-
ment which are more carelessly and lavishly
made than those in regard to the public works
of various sorts. I am unwilling that Con
gress shall remove the expenditure of these
appropriations from its inspection and control.
The disposition among our public officials to
lavish expenditures and a careless disburse-
ment of money appropriated is strong enough.
It is necessary that Congress should keep its
hands upon this matter, should continually,
from session to session, scrutinize the expend-
itures and direct how they shall be made.
Let me give a specimen of the way the
money is used. We make appropriations for
various specific purposes. Among other appro-
priations for the Treasury Department we
make one for the printing of the currency. A
year ago it was found at the Treasury Depart-
ment that there was going to be a surplus of
that account. Somebody wanted to make
some improvements upon the front of the
south wing of the Treasury building. No
money had been appropriated by Congress for
that specific purpose, not a dollar ; Congress
had never ordered those improvements to be
made. What did the officers do ? They went
to work and made those improvements to the
tune of over fifty thousand dollars, and charged
it to the fund for printing currency. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. TownsendJ
asks me whether they had any right to do that.
I think they had not. They claim that they
had the right because the currency is printed
in the Treasury Department, and that any im
provements, as they call them, in the Treasury
building may be regarded as facilitating the
work of printing the currency.
Thus, when it was found that out of the
money appropriated by Congress for the spe-
cific purpose of printing fractional currency
and other money a surplus could be saved, the
officers put their hands upon it and to the tune
of sixty or seventy thousand dollars used it to
make a change, which was never ordered by
Congress, in the front of the south wing of the
Treasury building, the purpose being, as 1 under-
stand, to erect a statue representing a mailed
warrior, sword m hand, to snow, Isuupose, how
they cut down the expenditures. [Laughter.]
That is all well enough. I do not object to the
statue ; I do not object to the improvement;
but I want Congress to have something to say
about it. When we have made an appropria-
tion for the purpose of printing money, 1 object
to it being diverted to another purpose. The
officials are already careless enough in these
matters. There is enough disposition to be
loose ill the expenditure of money without
our helping them.
We have made various appropriations for
public works, to be used after the 1st of July
next. At the time we made "those appropri-
ations the specific objects tor which they were
made were passed in review by the House. We
made those appropriations for next yfiar. But
now the gentleman from Massachusetts says it
is a matter of great urgency that the work
should be commenced early in the spring. The
early spring has passed already. There is a
great haste to commence these works at once;
and we are asked to say that all the money
appropriated for this purpose for the next year
may be used there this spring, without specify-
ing any particular works. Under such a pro-
vision the officers may begin them all, and,
if they choose, may expend this year all the
money appropriated for next year. I hope this
House is not yet prepared to let go its control
of these expenditures.
Mr. DICKEY. I am at a loss to understand
the connection of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Fap.nsworth] with
the provision of the Senate amendment. He
seeins to object to this provision because some-
body at some time in some way expended
money which he was not authorized by law to
expend. Because $50,000 has in oife instance
been devoted to a purpose not authorized by
law, the gentleman argues that we should not
authorize to be expended daring the months
of May and June money which would other-
wise be expended in December and J:muary.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
allow me to correct him. I mentioned that
case for the purpose of showing that precisely
the same thing might be done with reference
to these appropriations.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman undertakes
to show that a party who has done wrong in
violation of law may do the same thing if
authorized by law. Is that it?
This is not a new thing in our legislation.
In the river and harbor bill we introduced
a precisely similar provision for exactly the
same reason. In the bill providing for the
construction of fortifications upon our coast
we introduced a similar provision for the same
reason. The beginning of the fiscal year hap-
pens to be in the middle of the building sea-
son, so that the money appropriated by us for
public buildings, for fortifications, and for the
improvement of rivers and harbors is pre-
cluded from use during one half the building
season. We have appropriated this money,
to commence operations on the 1st of July.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman will
allow me to correct him. We have appropri-
ated money for the present year and tor the
next according to the estimates which we had
before us. We have no application from the
Treasury Department that the money appro-
priated for this purpose for next year shall be
used during this year. We appropriated for
both years according to the estimates.
Mr. DICKEY. But in the river and harbor
bill, and also in the fortification bill, we pro-
vided that the appropriations should take effect
from the passage of the law, the object being
to meet this very difficulty and to provide that
the money might be expended during the sea-
son of the year when the work could be done
advantageously. In our appropriations for
public buildings we failed to introduce a pro-
vision of the same character; and we now
propose to supply the omission, to enable the
money to be used when it can be used advan-
tageously, preventing the postponement of the
work until the winter season, or possibly the
covering of money into the ireasury, when it
must be again appropriated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
specify on which of these public works it is
proposed to use the money during the present
y6Mr?. DICKEY. All of them.
Mr. FARNmVOKI'H. All of tltem?
Mr. DiCKBY. Yes, sir; all of them. The
money is lying idle in the ireasury. The
