614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
buildings are in progress and the appropria-
tion may be exhausted.
Mr. PA RNS WORTH. I am not distressed
but what the money will be expended.
Mr. DICKEY. The question is between
using the money now or waiting until after the
lstday of July. They can use it more advan-
tageously if they use it in the building season
instead of in the winter season.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Some gentlemen are
distressed if there is any money in the Treas-
ury ; I am not. I wish to keep as much there
as possible, so as to save the people from tax-
ation.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to say a word, if
the gentleman from Massachusetts will give me
his attention.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. I discuss this regardless
of any outside matters.
Mr. DAWES. And so do I.
Mr. RANDALL. I look at it as a naked
measure. If I can show to him that he does not
accomplish what he thinks he accomplishes
he .will throw himself back, I have no doubt,
on the position I have taken, and which he
concurs with me in being right. What is this
work? We have made an appropriation for
the next fiscal year, which, by this amend-
ment, it is proposed to put into this present
fiscal year. I venture to say that no architect
will undertake to put up any building without
giving at least sixty days in which to receive
bids for the work that may be done. He will
take at least that length of time so that the in-
formation may go abroad and bids may come in
from parties who may wish to undertake the
contract for the work. In that view let us look
atthis thing. Wehavenow, even considering
that this bill should pass to-day, seventy-nine
days between this and the 1st of July ; taking
sixty days from seventy-nine days will leave
nineteen days as the time in which this appro-
priation can be used. Gentlemen must admit
tbat nothing of any importance can be done in
nineteen days. Therefore if this amendment
be adopted it will only allow this money to be
used in those nineteen days. In addition to
that there is nothing to prevent the Govern-
ment making a contract for the work being
done from the lstday of July. Between now
and then they can receive" bids, or if they
choose they can make a contract for a round
sum for the erection of any single building.
The contract may be made, and the money
may be paid in the next fiscal year, com-
mencing on the 1st day of July.
My colleague has stated, in the river and
harbor bill and in the fortification bill the
same sort of action was taken by the House.
It esca-ped my attention, if such really was the
case, for if it had been called to it I certainly
should have made opposition. But even if
such action has been taken in those appropri-
ation bills it is no reason if we did wrong then
that we should continue to do wrong in all
other appropriation bills. If we did wrong
then we oujjht to change our action and do
right now. I think this is an innovation of so
serious a character that in view of the object
which the gentleman from Massachusetts has
told the House he had in view in reference to
these appropriation bills, I believe we should
strike this section out; because while it really
lias no practical effect in accomplishing the
purpose gentlemen say they have in view, it
is at the same time a precedent which may
result in serious evil.
Mr. BECK. I should like to say a word in
reply to the gentleman, and give the reasons
why I concurred in this amendment of the
Senate. I desire to eall the attention of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania particularly to
the matter. He will see that it provides that
any appropriations heretofore made for any
public works, buildings, or grounds, for the
year commencing July 1, 1871, shall be avail-
able lor the current year, provided that no
expenditure beyond the several sums already
appropriated shall be authorized by this sec-
tion. We did not provide, as I recollect, for
any new buildings.
Mr. DICKEY. Except the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. BECK. I beg pardon. The State De-
partment is, I believe, the only exception. I
had at the moment forgotten it. The object, as
I understand, is this, and the suggestion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania does not, to my
mind, afford any sufficient reason for striking
out this section. There are no sixty days to
be wasted in making contracts. The object is to
finish the buildings now in progress during this
summer undercurrent contracts. The question
is whether they shall be finished in Decem-
ber ; that is, whether the work upon the custom-
houses and other buildings throughout the coun-
try shall be put off until next July, or we
shall allow the work to go on now in the build-
ing season, and finish up all these buildings so
as to save rent to the Government of the Uni-
ted States. In the city of San Francisco we
are paying $64,000 a year rent, and we wish
to finish the building there during the building
season this summer instead of putting it oft'
during another winter, and in this way save that
rent. In the city of Philadelphia by post-
poning the finishing of the appraisers' stores
we are compelled to pay rent for another
year.
Mr. RANDALL. That is because of an
incompetent architect.
Mr. BECK. That may be all so. This
money is in the Treasury and has already
been appropriated for these buildings, and
instead of postponing the work until the win-
ter season we propose that it shall go on dur-
ing the summer, and these buildings shall be
finished as soon as possible. Let us have the
use of them. Let us save the rents. Let us
complete them. The money is there. Go on
with your contracts, which are all made, and
apply this money now, so that Government
will be saved the expenses of rent, as soon
as possible. There was no other idea than
that in the minds of the committee, and we
think it is a good one.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to non-concur in
the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to give the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] a single
illustration. For the custom house at New
Orleans there are appropriated over six hun-
dred thousand dollars, which is not available
till the 1st of July. But when the 1st of July
comes it is utterly impracticable to go to work
tkere, until the advent of cold weather. The
design of this amendment is to commence the
work as early as possible. I think there can-
not be any danger in it.
I wish the fiscal year could commence on the
1st of January instead of the 1st of July. It
is a wonder to me that those who keep the
accounts current of the United States do not
insist on having their fiscal year commence
when the fiscal year of everybody else com-
mences, on the 1st day of January. It would
be a better improvement than anything we pro-
pose to enact here if we should enact that the
fiscal year should commence on the 1st of Jan-
uary, as it once did in the history of the Gov-
ernment. Whoever invented the idea of having
it commence on the 1st of July did not do the
country any service. I think that is the best
amendment which my friend from Pennsyl-
vania could suggest.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman having
made the suggestion, I hope he will endeavor
to carry it into efiect. I move to non-concur
in the Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] to the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw my amend-
ment for the purpose of taking the sense of
the House. If the llouse should non-concur
in the Senate amendment I will ask for a
reconsideration, and will then offer ray own
substitute. But I hope the House will not non-
concur. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] will thus have an opportunity
of taking the seuse of the House on the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The question being taken on concurring in
the thirty-seventh amendment of the Senate,
there were—ayes eighty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. RANDALL. Thatis a decided majority,
Mr. DAWES. I now move to amend the
Senate amendment by adding the following:
And the appropriation for the payment of the sal-
ary and traveling expenses of a special agent of the
Treasury Department, and for the salaries of all
supervising inspectors, local inspectors, and clerks
employed in the administration of the steamboat
inspection laws, made under section one of an act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30, 1871.
approved July 15, 1870, and still remaining unex-
pended. shall be applicable, as heretofore, to the
paymentof such salaries and expenses until sufficient
revenue shaiFaccrue therefor under the provisions
of section sixty-six of an act to provide for the bet-
ter security of life on board of vessels propelled In
whole or in part by steam, and for other purposes,
approved February 28,1871; the amount paid under
the provisions of this section to be reimbursed to the
Treasury out, of the revenue received under the pro-
visions of said act of February 23,1871.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to this amendment.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 object.
The question being tiken on the amendment
of Mr. Dawes, it was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I move further to amend the
thirty-seventh amendment of the Senate by
adding the following:
Tbat the Secretary of the Treasury be. and is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to the law-
ful owners without delay, or their legal representa-
tives, the proceeds of all cotton seized intbe posses-
sion of the rightful owners or of their legal repre-
sentatives on and after the 30th day of June, 1865.
I desire to make a statement in support of
this amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I make
the point of order on the amendment.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will not
press the point of order until I have made a
statement of the facts. He can reserve the
point of order.
Mr. BU'LLER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I will give, with-
out comment, in the first instance, a very brief
historical statement of the facts in reference
to this matter. The President of the United
States, on the 24th day of June, 18G-3, issued
his proclamation restoring commercial inter-
course between the States and directing the
'restoration of private property. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury issued a circular order or
letter of instructions, bearing date June 27,
1865, addressed to the agents of the Treasury
Department, which prohibited the seizure of
any cotton on and after the 30th day of June,
1865.^ That circular, dated June 27.1865, also
dismissed from the service of the United States
all Treasury agents, except for the collection
of confederate States cotton theretofore sur-
rendered, and some seizures were thereafter
made in August, September, October, Novem-
ber, and December, 1865j long after the sur-
render of the rebel army and long after the
owners of such property had laid down their
arms and reneweji their allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the Onited States, and these latter
seizures were of course made contrary to law
and without authority of any executive or
departmental order.
The claims of this class of properly are
barred by the statute of limitations from now
seeking any redress in the Court of Claims,
I he Supreme Court of the United States has
decided that such seizures were illegal, having
been made of property not captured prior to
the date of the proclamation of the President
ana of the order of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury based upon that proclamation, and that
the proceeds of such seizures and subsequent
