616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
day. It is, in fact, provided by existing law,
and was authorized by the President's proc-
lamation of May, 1861, and confirmed by sol-
emn act of Congress of the 22d of July, 1861,
as well as by the subsequent action of Con-
gress. This is the only question in connection
with the soldiers of the war where there is a
definite violation of good faith, and I trust
that it will not be left in doubt any longer,
but that my amendment to this bill will be
adopted.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman from
Indiana so far investigated this claim a.s to
be able to state how many millions will be
required ?
Mr. HOLM AN. It may perhaps require an
appropriation of several million dollars. The
exact amount no one can tell. But let me ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts a question.
If it requires more or less, is it not clear that
it is a payment which we in justice cannot longer
delay ? I put it in that form.
Mr. DAWES. About how many millions
will it take, can the gentleman tell us?
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Crebs,] who is faftiiliar with the whole
subject and with all the events of the war,
assures me that the amount will not exceed
$1,000,000.
Mr. DAWES. I have this to say, that I will
go for any independent measure that gentlemen
will offer which the good faith of the Govern-
ment is bound to carry out with those soldiers.
I think it is bound to carry.out this measure
of the gentleman; but this is a deficiency bill
to supply deficiencies of appropriations, and a
measure of the importance of the one suggested
by the gentleman from Indiana ought to be
properly guarded and regulations provided for
carrying it out. If the Committee of Claims,
of which the gentleman has been so valuable a
member, will sit down and take the responsi-
bility of reporting a bill with the proper safe-
guards to carry this out, Iwill helphim through
with it as soon as this deficiency bill has been
passed. I do not believe we should appropriate
$2,000,000 in a paragraph about an inch long
without some regulation or prescription as to
the mode of carrying out the provision. I
know it is a great deal easier to put it on this
bill than to carry it through in any other way.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States fix
exactly the duty of the accounting officers of
the Treasury?
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
that I pledge myself to help him to carry out
such a bill if he will take the responsibility of
saying to the House when it is reported that it
is a proper one to be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. That, in effect, is an in-
definite postponement. I ask the Chair whether
after the gentleman has made his speech he
can now make the point of order against nay
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts expressly reserved his point of
order. The gentleman could speak by unani-
mous consent, the point of order being re-
served. And there is a difference between ail
objection and a point of order. When a gen-
tleman reserves a point of order, various gen-
tlemen may speak on it, the point of order
being still reserved.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the Chair indulge
me in this remark, that this appropriation is
authorized by law? The act of Congress of
1801 having confirmed the proclamation of
the President, in almost express terms, the
Supreme Court has held that this was an
obligation resting upon the Government. It
is carrying out a law that is in existence.
The SPEAKER. If the bill were now before
the House for the first time, the Chair does
not say what ruling he might make. But the
point to be ruled upon now is whether this is
a germane amendment to the amendment of
the Senate. And as to that, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.max] must be of the
same opinion as the Chair, that it is not ger-
mane. , .
Mr. HOLMAN. That is not the point of
order made by the gentleman from Massachu-
S6The SPEAKER. It is the only point that
could be made.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I desire to state what
is my understanding of the matter, and on
which I form the opinion that the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr- Holman]
does not itself reach the evil complained of or
provide a remedy. The facts are these: on the
3d day of May, 1861, the President called
for forty regiments, and promised $100 bounty
to each man who enlisted. Instead of forty
regiments, seventy regiments were_ actually
raised. The Supreme Court has decided that
forty regiments were entitled to the bounty.
There is no legislation required upon that
point. But the difficulty is to distinguish the
forty regiments which are entitled to bounty
from the whole number. A bill must be
framed very carefully, so as to designate what
regiments are entitled to the bounty and carry
out the pledge of the Government.
I do notthink, therefore, that the proposition
of the gentleman from Indiana meets the case
at all. The Committee oa Military Affairs
have had this matter under consideration. At
one time they prepared a bill on the subject,
and at the earliest possible moment a bill will
be pressed on the attention of the House,
framed in such a way as to do what is right in
the premises. I think that will be found to be
the better course.
Mr. HOLMAN. That amounts to an indefi-
nite postponement of the question.
Mr. DAWES. If I can say a word without
waiving the point of order I desire to state that
a bill passed the Senate a few days ago deal-
ing with this matter, but it was found that it
did not meet the case, and the Senate recon-
sidered its action in passing the bill. The
subject is one which, as has been suggested by
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stocgh- !
tox,] requires a great deal of consideration, '
and for that reason I am reluctant to have the
question introduced into this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. After the Senate appro-
priated ยง1,500,000 for other purposes, I regret
that they should have thought proper to recon-
sider their action in regard to this matter.
Mr. DAWES. When the right time comes
the gentleman will not find me behind him in
the endeavor to carry out his patriotic pur-
pose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman is
a little behind on this occasion.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Speaker, if this bill had
come back to the House in the same shape as
the House sent it to the Senate I would not
urge that this appropriation should be made
at this time. But as so many other matters
have been added by the Senate since it left us,
I insist that these men who went into the ser-
vice in 1861, as has been stated by the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Si'onGHTOi.',] under
the proclamation of the President, understand-
ing at the time that they would receive this
$100 bounty, shall receive it. And now I
cannot see why we cannot as well make this
appropriation to pay them at this particular
time as at any other. I stated a few moments
ago that a sum not exceeding $1,000,000
would be necessary in order to carry out the
provisions of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Indiana. I am satisfied that
less than that sum will be necessary to carry
into effect the amendment proposed. But,
whether it be less or more, it is a debt
which this Government owes to these men,
just as much as it owes any other debt which
it has contracted to the people, and I say this
appropriation ought to be made at this time
to pay that debt, or else we ought to say we
repudiate it. If we had a Committee of Claims
or a Committee on Pensions, or any other ap-
propriate committee, I would not urge the
matter now. But we have no committees, and
if we wait until the next full, as lias already
been remarked by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Hoi.man'.] many of those men who
are entitled to this bounty will have died
before that time. _ , . . ,
Many have already died ; and I insist that
now is the time for Congress to act and pass
this appropriation, so that these men may get
what they are not only entitled to but what
this Government promised them they should
have at the time the proclamation of the 1'res-
ident was issued and they entered the service JHf
to sustain the flag of their country.
The SPEAKER. The point of order hav-
ing been raised, the Chair must rule that the
amendment is not germane.
The next amendment of the Senate, concur-
rence in which was recommended by the special
Committee on Appropriations, was as foilows:
Sf.c. 7. That the sum of S20.523, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.be, and the samo is hereby,
appropriated to pay the claim of Robert r. Kirk-
Patrick, provided, for in joint resolution approved
February 15,1871.
Mr. NIBLACK. i move to amend this
amendment so as to make the sum named
$23,110 ; and also to add to it the following:
And to refund to the administrator of the estate
of John F. Hanks, deceased, a. loyal citizen of the
United States, after due examination and auditing
by the accounting officers of the Treasury, the
amount which may be ascertained to be due the
said estate for moneys erroneously sequestered from
the Louisiana State Bank, at New Orleans, under
military order?, by General N. P. Banks, on the 29th
of August. A. 1). 1863. and transferred to tbe Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
tTiat that is not germane to the Senate amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The question is upon concur-
ring in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, in which the com-
mittee recommended concurrence, was as fol-
lows :
Sec. 10. That the appropriation for building n
pier at Lewes. Delaware, contained in section*
twelve and thirteen of the act approved July 15,
1870, entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for tho
year ending June 30,1871. and lor other purposes,"
be, and the same is hereby, continued until June
30,1872.
Mr. McGREW. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, the one indicated on yesterday by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mai'Xaiid.]
This is, perhaps, as appropriate a place for it
as any other:
Provided, That the jurisdiction conferred by the
joint resolution of June 18, Isr#}. in regard to claims
trom the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, in the
State of Virginia, and the joint resolution of .July
28,3866, in regard to liom the ^>tate of Ten-
nessee, and thejointre.-olurion o! iJecember 23. Ifki9,
as amended by the act of March 3,1871, in regard to
steamboats and other vessels, shall not be withdrawn
or impaired by any construction of the law creating
commissioners of claims to examine claims arising
in States proclaimed to be in insurrection, and that
jurisdiction upon all claims presented to the proper
Department before the 3d of March, 1&71, shall remain
as before the passage thereof.
Mr. BECK and Mr. BURCHARI) raised
the point of order that the amendment was
not germane.
Mr. McGREW. I hope that point of order
will not be raised.
Mr. SCOFIELI). I hope gentlemen will
allow an explanation to be. made, and I am
certain that if the amendment is once clearly
understood there will be no objection to it.
There are a few cases in regard to steamboats
and other vessels, which have been examined
by the Department, and the proper officers
are about ready to pass upon and adjudicate
those claims. But the lav/of March 3,1671, un-
intentionally, 1 am snre, deprived the Depart-
ments of their jurisdiction over those cases,
atid, unless this or sonic other similar provision
be made, tho parties will have to Sum back and
begin de novo.
, Mr. McGREW. Not only claims for steam-
boats, but claims for commissary stores, &c.,
