1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
which have been prosecuted before the De-
partment, some of them now being before the
Third Auditor and some before the Second
Comptroller.
Mr. BECK. As far as I am concerned, I
will withdraw my point of order.
r. BURCHARD. I insist u]
of order.
Mr.
upon my point
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order that the proposed amendment
is not germane.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
the committee recommended concurrence, was
as follows:
Sec. 15. That the privileges of the act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870, be, and are hereby,
extended to the port of Detroit, in the State of Mich-
igan.
Mr. McGREW. I call for a vote on con-
curring in this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I will state that this amend-
ment makes Detroit a port of entry under the
bill passed some two years ago. It. was ori-
ginally in the bill like the other western ports,'
St. Louis, Chicago,Toledo, &c.; butit dropped
out by a clerical error. This is the only reason
the committee consented to let it remain.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman think
that a deficiency bill is the proper place for
such an amendment?
Mr. DAWES. I know it has no business
here ; but it was put in by the Senate, and the
reason we recommend concurrence is that it
simply supplies an accidental omission.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I move to amend the
Senate amendment by adding thereto the fol-
lowing :
And the sum of $100,000 is hereby appropriated for
the purpose of erecting and completing a custom-
house, post office, and United States court-rooms
in the city of Nashville, State of Tennessee, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. BURCHARD. I raise the point of
order that this amendment proposes new
legislation.
The SPEAKER, The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
The forty-eighth amendment of the Senate,
in which the committee recommended concur-
rence, was to insert the following:
Sec. 17. That from and after the passage of this
act all powers conferred upon cortain persons as
commissioners by the act approved June 21,18(0,
for the improvement of M street northwest, and by
the act approved July 15,1870, for the improvement
of the Washington city canal, shall be transferred
to the board of public works of the District of Co-
lumbia; and the persons acting as commissioners
under said acts are hereby directed to transfer to
said board of public works all books, papers, and
other property in their possession pertaining to the
works under their charge; and private property
shall be assessed for the improvement of M street,
and Seventh street southwest, from B street to the
river, heretofore authorized by law, as provided in
the act of February 21,1871.
Mr. DICKEY. I move t.o amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by adding thereto the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road shall have the right to extend its track from
Virginia avenue along Sixth street and across tho
canal to the open grounds between Sixth street, B
street, and the canal, and to occupy said grounds
for depot and railroad purposes, as authorized by
the city councils of Washington: Provided, .how-
ever, That if at any time a park shall be established,
including Sixth street, said railroad along Sixth
street shall be so adapted totho park avenues, either
by tunnels or bridges, as tho board of public works
may direct, as not necessarily to interfere therewith;
and that said Sixth street from the canal to Penn-
sylvania avenue shall at all times be kept paved and
in good repair by said railroad company.
Mr. DAWES. I dislike to object to a prop-
osition emanatiug from my colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Dickey;] but really the ques-
tion embraced in this amendment is one too
complicated to be introduced at this time, and
I must raise a point of order on the amend-
ment.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not think the gentle-
man's point of order is well taken. This
amendment relates to the same subject as the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. It is independent legislation.
Mr. DICKEY. It is legislation on the same
subject-matter as the Senate amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend the Senate
amendment by adding thereto the following:
And in case said board shall, under said act of
June 21, 1870, decide to open said canal, they are
hereby empowered to open both its branches, so as
to connect with the Government canal at the arse-
nal; Provided, That the cost of said work shall
not exceed the sum already fixed by law for that
purpose.
Mr. Speaker, the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, during the last Congress,
examined this question at the request of the
commissioners, who were appointed for the pur-
pose of improving this carial. The act under
which they were appointed gave them some
discretion in relation to the manner of improv-
ing it; but it was thought that if the canal
were opened it would be necessary to open
the branch leading to' the arsenal. The ap-
propriation already made by Congress, to-
gether with the sum paid by the city, is suffi-
cient for making the improvements in the
manner the commissioners recommend. The
object of myamendment is simply to empower
the board of public works, in their discretion,
to improve the canal in the manner which was
deemed best by the commissioners, and also
by the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, who examined this matter very thoroughly
during the last Congress. This amendment
has been submitted to the committee who have
had this bill in charge, and I understand is
approved by them.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to oppose
the amendment, provided it is determined that
for all time to come this canal shall exist. If
that canal is to continue through these public
grounds forever it is more important that this
branch should be opened than any other.
It is a marvel to me, Mr. Speaker, while the
people of this city are so anxious to beautify
it, they should consent to a continuance of
that canal there one hour. As a work of -en-
gineering art it is one of the greatest achieve-
ments of modern times. It relieves the truck-
age ofthis city to an enormous extent. It brings
coal and wood, which would otherwise come
down through Georgetown by a navigable river,
to any point whatever between Georgetown
and the navy-yard. It relieves them, ! say,
from landing it upon the bank of the river at
a proper wharf and then bringing it lo such
parts of the city where it is wanted by all the
distance between this canal and the shore of
the river. It is of no earthly use beyond that.
But more than that. I am willing to ad-
mit it meets sewerage half way, and to that
extent relieves the city of sewerage. It
empties the filth and sewerage of this city into
a canal which runs right through it. I wonder
the city of New York does not learn a lesson
from this achievement at the capital, and,
instead of filling up its canal and making Canal
street through the heart of that city, it had not
relieved the sewerage and emptied it into the
canal there and carried it through the city in
that way. I heard that urged betore this com-
mittee as one of the reasons why it was best
to keep this canal open for all time, so that
the sewerage of this city should be emptied
into it rather than be carried to the Potomac.
Now, sir, while being in favor of opening
this little branch, the only way possible by
which to get tide-water into it and to make a
current in it; while I am in favor of that, I
protest that why those who want a park in this
city should be in favor of running through jt
a sewer like that canal without any current in
it whatever, the receptacle of everything but
the political sewerage of this city, is a thing
past rny comprehension. And I do here say,
when they have an idea of keeping a filthy
pool there as a place to drown dogs and hogs
and insane people and paupers who are sick of'
life, they do not come to Congress with any
great earnestness, or any great or intelligent"
plan of beautifying this city with a park.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am anxious to know
what the gentleman means by " political sew-
erage of this city."
Mr. DAWES. It is the means of carrying
off such bile as we had here yesterday, [Liaugh-
ter.]
The amendment was adopted.
The fifty-fourth amendment, in which con-
currence was recommended, was read as fol-
lows;
Insert as an additional.section;
Sec." 23. That tbe Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized to sell, for the best price in cash that can
be obtained, the marinehospital building in the city
of San Francisco; and thoproceeds of sucb sale, orso
much thereof as may be necessary, shall be held and
reserved as a fund for the erection of a pavilion
hospital on some Government reservation in or near
said city, if Congress shall hereafter so determine.
Mr. CONGER. I move to add the follow-
ing amendment.
The Clerk read as follows;
That the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he is
hereby, authorized to cause to be platted and sold
at public auction, so much of the Fort Gratiot light-
house reservation, at Port Huron, in the Stato of
Michigan, as is comprised wiihin tho following
metes and bounds, to wit; beginning at a point
which is one thousand r.iuety-two arid one half feet
north eighty degrees and forty-four minutes east
(true) from monument -NTo. 1 of tho survey of
Jr'ort Gratiot military reservation, made by W. II.
llearding, in April, 1859, and the position of which
is indicated upon the map of the same reservation
made under the direction of Major 0. M. Poe, corps
of engineers. United States Aruiy, in 1870; thence
north nine degrees and sixteen minutes west (true)
three thousand one hundred and thirty-five l'eet;
thence north eighty degree-* and lorty-iour minutes
east (true) five hundred and thirty-two feet; thcnco
south nine degrees and sixteen minutes cast (true)
one thousand one hundred and eighty-four feet;
thence north eighty degrees and forty-four minutes
east(truo)to theshore oflake. tothe placcot'begin-
ning, save and except that right of way is expressly
reserved over a strip of land sixty-six feet wido and
extending in a directline from the light-house tower,
either in its present or any future position, to the
present western boundary of the reservation: and
that the subdivision of the same be made to corre-
spond. as far as may be, to tbe plat of tho village of
Fort Gratiot; and that a record thereof be filed in
the office of register of deeds for the county of St.
Clair; and that the money received for such land be
paid into the Treasury of the United States: nnd
that a sum, not exceeding $1,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated to carry
out tho survey and sale hereby directed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iraisethe point
of order on the amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
reserve the point of order until 1 can be heard.
I wish to make a few remarks in support of
the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When I was a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs
we got through a bill for the sale of that res-
ervation, excepting the light-house.
Mr. CONGER. This has reference to the
light-house reservation. It is an eutirely differ-
ent thing.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the amendment is not
before the House.
Mr. CONGER. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Gabfield] to reserve the
point of order; and I had the floor to speak to
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could do
so by unanimous consent only, and the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Speeb] does not give
his consent.
Mr. CONGER. I consider myself, then, a
speared man.
The amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
The Cierk read the fifty-fifth amendment of
the Senate, as follows :
Sec. 24. That there be appropriated, out of any
money in tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
812 000 for the relief of destitute aged persons m the
District of Columbia, such sum to be received and
distributed by such officer or association or persons
