1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
starvation by private charity, in the main by
the charity of a lady whose letter to the chair-
man of the committee I now ask the Clerk to
read.
Mr. McINTYRE. Before thatletter is read,
I would like to get information from the gen-
tleman upon one point. How many of these
aged people are there ?
Mr. COOK. There were when I saw them
something over one hundred.
Mr. DICKEY. There are more than eight
hundred altogether; about eight hundred and
fifty.
The Clerk read as follows :
213 North Capitol Street,
Washington, D. C., April 11,1871.
Hon. Mr. Dawes :
I trust you will not find it difficult to sustain and
carry through the House amendment to provide food
and fuel for the destitute old, who have given all
t.heirproductivelaborandtheirchildren to slavery.
Nothing is now left them but the shadow and bones
of human beings. They oame here, by order of the
Government, as a military necessity, so broken down
that half whom I now assist have been kept in Gov-
ernment hospitals since they came till Freedmen's
village and other barracks provided them by the
Government, at my request, in 1864, have been re-
moved and sold. Since then X have taken charge
of them. Seven years I have given my undivided
attention to them, (three years with no compensa-
tion whatever.)
It is now twelve weeks since the last ration, not
one fourth of a soldier's ration, was given through
the Secretary of War. The last appropriation was
430,000. Twelve thousand dollars was disbursed by
the Secretary of War, through me, as agent of one
of the three societies for which it was appropriated.
This amount, $12,000, was all given in food and fuel.
The association of which I am agent has furnished
the past year in clothing, bedding, and provisions
for the sick (special diet) from the North in value
$7,000. Th e N ational Kreedmen's Relief Association
provides for no able-bodied person, not one, except
to send them to homes in the North, they, from
their earnings, afterward paying their own trans-
portations. These are not in any degree helped from
the special appropriations of Government. I have
asked, and for six years received, for these aged, sick,
crippled, blind, deaf and dumb, and idiotic persons,
now in number one thousand, including some orphan
grandchildren, who are entirely dependent.
A large number of old people are to-day sick from
want. Many are inevitably left without food for a
day at a time, some so long they do and have died.
Thesearethebedridden orpersons over onehundred
years old, orthefriendless blind, none of whom ever
do get out of their habitations. Nearly an average
age of those in my care is sixty-five and seventy.
All broken down. God help them 1 And may I ask
you if necessary to plead for them ?
Most respectfully, your obedient servant.
JOSEPHINE S. GRIPPING.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask my friend from
Illinois another question. Is it not true that
Mrs. Griffing, who writes this letter, and her
daughter, are now employed at the expense
of the Government as nurses in this city, re-
ceiving salaries from the Freedmen'sBureau?
Mr. COOK. I do not know anything about
that.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that they are.
Mr. KERR. I am informed that they are.
Mr. DAWES. I hope it is true.
Mr. COOK. I want to make one explana-
tion. Those persons whom I spoke of were
only those I saw in the hospital.
Mr. KERR. The fact I have mentioned
may not be very material, but it does affect
somewhat the question of the motives of per-
sons writing letters of this kind.
Mr. DAWES. I want to state to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] for I know
that he has a heart, a single instance in illus-
tration of the mission to which this woman is
devoting herself, the work which she performs,
and the way this money is expended. Since
this bill passed the Senate and has been under
consideration by the committee of this House
a poor old man, between eighty and ninety
years of age, with his little grandchildren, four
in number, comes to this District from Mary-
land. They had lived with his daughter, their
mother. These persons, having become free
under the constitutional amendment abolish-
ing slavery, had continued to live with their
former master, who was a kind man, and the
labor of the woman supported them all—the
old man and these little children. She acci-
dentally fell into the fire and was so badly
burned that she died the other day and left
that old father and these little children with
no earthly mortal to earn a living for them.
The former master felt that he could not take
that burden upon himself, and told them they
must go out into the world and take care of
themselves. They wandered away from the
place where their mother spent her life until
she had her freedom, until finally they came
here. This old man w unable to earn a dollar
to buy a meal of victuals for these helpless
grandchildren. Here they are in this city.
What are you going to do with them ? I sub-
mit to my friend from Indiana to answer that
from his heart.
Mr. KERR. My answer is not at all diffi-
cult. I confess frankly, Mr. Speaker, that such
a narrative appeals strongly to my sympathies.
I should not hesitate if 1 had a penny left to
divide it with such suffering people ; but that
does not change the issue here. The question
remains, is it the duty of the General Gov-
ernment to build up any eleemosynary institu-
tions here and invite the people from all sec-
tions of the country to come here when over-
taken by misfortune and be a burden upon all
the people of the country? Is it not our duty
to keep ourselves within our own proper juris-
diction and leave these people to the several
jurisdictions of the country, to be taken care
of by their own people in the midst of whom
they are overtaken by misfortune? It is but a
poor compliment to the humanity of the peo-
ple of the District of Columbia to say they are
unwilling to provide for thj^ class of people
when they legitimately fall within their juris-
diction. They ought not to come here and
ask us to go outside of our proper sphere and
assume jurisdiction over these matters; and
I object to it still.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move an amendment to the amendment, to
add $1,000, so as to make it 513,000. We
have been considering over fifty amendments,
concurring and non-concurring in them, and
now, for the first time, the yeas and nays have
been called on the pending proposition to give
$12,000 to the aged and destitute people of
this District who have been brought in here
under circumstances which we have all heard.
But it is said that there is some political
design ; that this is not a mere appropriation ;
that there is something of polities to be got
out of it to affect the country. Why, all the
politics which can be had in the District of
Columbia is that they shall get on this floor a
Delegate who shall have the right to talk, but
not to vote, to bring their wants before the
country. There are no politics in the District
of Columbia affecting the country, and there
can be none. The District may go this way
or that way, and it does not affect anything.
Now, it is said that the people in the Dis-
trict ought to take care of these unfortunates.
It is not so. The whole matter presupposes
thev came from outside.
It is said the United States ought not to take
care of them. That is so. Gentlemen say right,
that the people of the United States ought not
to take care of these old, helpless people. Those
who had their service without pay during a
long life ought to be assessed and their prop-
erty taken to make it good. That is what ought
to be done. That is what God's justice would
do; but we cannot get near enough to exact
that justice. Therefore we are to do it as near
as we can. We ought to have nothing to do
with this. We who live thousands and thou-
sands of miles from this, we who pay more
money to sustain this people than those in the
southern country who had their services be-
fore they came here, do not object to voting
for this proposition; yet I see men from Mary-
land and Virginia voting by a rising vote
against having these people taken care of, some
of whom have in their veins the best blood of
the South.
Mr. PLATT. Let me correct one statement
of the gentleman from Massachusetts in re-
gard to the State of Virginia. That State
pays more now to support the Government of
the United States than the State of Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not said anything about Virginia paying to
support the Government of the United States;
but I have spoken of gentlemen from Virginia
voting agaiust taking care of these helpless
people when those States had the benefit of
their services without paying for long years
before they came here.
Mr. PLATT. She pays taxes enough to sup-
port her share of any appropriations that are
made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to dispute the statement that Virginia
pays her taxes. But how? Because she hap-
pens to make whisky, which some of us drink,
and to raise tobacco, which some of us eat,
she pays taxes. I do not know any other
honest industry on which she pays taxes.- I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. DE LARGE. I offer the following
amendment, to be added to the Senate amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the rebuilding of the Catholio orphan asylum
at Charleston, South Carolina, $20,000, in considera-
tion of the services rendered by the Sisters of Our
Lady of Mercy of Charleston, South Carolina, to the
sick and wounded Union officers and soldiers while
said city was under bombardment during the war.
Mr. AMBLER. I make the point of order
on that amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the amendment
v/ill not be ruled out on the point of order. I
think it is germane.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That has passed the
House before, and 1 hope it will pass again.
Mr. DE LARGE. Will the gentleman who
raises the point of order waive it for a little,
to allow me a few words of explanation ?
Mr. AMBLER. 1 decline to yield for the
purpose of allowing any explanation to be
made. I insist on the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Would it be in order for
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] to
give an explanation of his act?
Mr. AMBLER. The gentleman from Ohio
will be ready to explain his conduct whenever
he deems it necessary.
Mr. HOAR. I am sorry that in the discus-
sion of the Senate amendment making an
appropriation for the relief of destitute aged
persons in the District anything should have
been said on either side of the House calcu-
lated to excite angry or bitter feelings. I am
quite sure that the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] whose personal acquaintance I
have not the honor of possessing, but whose
conduct on this floor I have marked, and whose
manly discussion of interesting public ques-
tions I have been pleased to witness, never
would find it in his heart to oppose this amend-
ment, knowing the facts, unless he felt himself
constrained to do it by what he conceived to
be a sense of public duty.
Now, I desire to submit to that gentleman,
and to others who might be inclined to take
the same view of this matter, this considera-
tion : suppose it to be true, that as a rule the
national Government ougbt not to support this
class of persons; suppose it to be true that
they ought to be supported by the State, or by
the communities from which they have come;
suppose it to be true that they ought not to be
encouraged to flock in here; still they are
here. They are in present distress, starving,
sick, suffering. I can assure the gentleman,
from information equivalent to personal
knowledge, that there is no exaggeration in
that particular. Now, I suppose that every
civilized community in the world relieves such
distress. Under the poor-laws of your own
State or mine, the town or district where any
human being falls into distress relieves that
distress for the time. They take such meas-
