1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
of dollars which are yearly wasted by this Gov-
ernment through its officials, directly or indi-
rectly ; among the thousands and millions of
dollars misappropriated in times past, and
which, I suppose, will be misappropriated in
the future, I think the Government can afford
to take the amount of $12,000 and appropri-
ate it to these poor, helpless colored men who
have been thrown by the exigency of the times
upon this District. These people, poor, igno-
rant, incapable of supporting themselves, if
you please, have been collected from all por-
tions of the Union, and should not be a char-
ity oil this District alone. They are, as it were,
the .wards of the nation. The nation owes to
them a species of duty, and at least so far the
sympathy or the feeling of the country will
support us in appropriating this sum of money,
thus making this an exception to a rule which
I should like to see generally enforced.
The gentleman trom Massachusetts has
stated, and stated truly, that it rested with the
masters to support their slaves, for that was
what he referred to; but they have become too
old. This was strictly true; but, as a cor-
relative duty, it rested with the abolitionists of
Massachusetts and New Hampshire, when they
abolished slavery, to take that responsibility
and support the men they themselves had set
free.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to intro-
duce here, and 1 do not wish it to go out to
the country, that any objection on account of
politics was raised on this question, and it is
only for the purpose of protesting against any
such objection that I rise on this occasion, i
do not wish it to be stated to the country, from
one end to the other, that the Democratic Rep-
resentatives in this body were opposed to this
small sum of money being appropriated for the
relief of these poor people who are unable to
support themselves. I do not intend to give
to my adversaries that chance. I do not want
them to make political capital in addition to
the few paltry votes which they may make by
this appropriation.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
in front of me may have said what is true—1
am too ignorant of matters in this District to
know whether it is true or not—that this is
introduced now for the express purpose of
bringing additional votes to the .Republican
ticket in the approaching election. If it is,
I am perfectly willing to give them what they
can make in that way ; but because that is so,
that is no reason why, in my judgment, we
should place ourselves falsely upon the record.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will now close
debate on this matter.
BRIDGE ACROSS TUB MISSOURI.
Mr. KERB. I enter a motion to reeon
sider the vote by which House Bill No. 383, to
authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river at or near St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce when appointed.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. DAWES. If my colleague on the com-
mittee from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] desires to
take the floor I will withdraw the motion to
close debute.
Mr. BECK. I do, for a few minutes. Now,
Mr. Speaker, I voted to concur in this amend-
ment with a great deal of reluctance, and the
reason why 1 did it with reluctance was not
because 1 desired to refuse charity to any per-
son, but because it was not applied tor by any
Department of the Government, nor was it
applied for by any official recognized by the
Government. We made an appropiiation in
the regular appropriation bill tor thenext fis-
cal year for the Freedmen's Bureau and the
support of freedmen in the city of Washington
to the amount of something over one hun-
dred thousand dollars; $25,000 for medicines,
$40,000 for contracts, <ie. We also passed a
deficiency bill to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the current fiscal year, and
in that we appropriated $5,000 for the Preed-
men's Hospital, $2,500 for medicines, $2,500
for clothiug, and for a great many other things.
We supplied them with everything which they
asked. The Insane Asylum, the Blind Asylum,
and the Freedmen's Hospital received every-
thing they asked for in the deficiency bill.
The objection to this seems to me to be that
nobody asked for it, save the lady who has
been referred to and who appeared before us,
apparently a very worthy lady and a very
charitable one. That was the impression it
made upon me; and it was because it was
shown that she had used the money intrusted
to ber in a very proper way that I was willing
to concur in the Senate amendment. But, as
the geutlemau from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] has
stated, men high in authority in this city
appeared before the committee and protested
against it. They said that whatever we gave
for the suppoit of the poor we ought to give to
some organized institution and not to people
floating about like the class contemplated in
the amendment. They recommended, for ex-
ample, thatitsbould go to the Freedmen's Hos-
pital. They stated that if this people could not
be supported in any other way the city author-
ities would support them, and that as long as
we gave assistance in this way tliey would have
difficulty in getting rid of these floating paupers.
This view of the case staggered me to some
extent, and while I felt that the necessities
of these people are very great, I did not quite
approve of this way of meeting their necessities.
Mr. HOAU. I send to the desk an amend
ment, which I offer simply as a notice of a
mode of meeting this difficulty for the future.
If it should not be adopted by the House now
I shall take another opportunity of intro-
ducing it in another form.
The Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That if after the J.?t day of
July, 1S(1, any person shull tall iDto distress and bo
unable to obtain the necessaries of life within the
limits of the Distiict of Columbia, and notice of
such necessity shall have been given to the Gov-
ernor of said District, and the authorities of said
District shall tor twenty-four hours after such
notice fail to relievo such necessity, any person may
relieve such necessity and may tuereafier recover
the reasonable cost of such relief, not exceeding the
sum of two dollars per week, by an action against
said District, said action to be brought within three
months atter said expenses shall have been incurred
Mr. IIOAH. I desire merely to say that
that plan, authorizing any private person, alter
notice to the authorities of the District and
after twenty-four hours' failure on their part
to relieve the pauper in distress, to recover a
small sum, not exceeding two dollars per
week of reasonable expense, the action to be
brought within three months, so that there
may be no room for fraud, would tet'.d very
much to meet the objection which has been
made on the other side of the House. And I
give notice that if that shall not be adopted
now I will on some future occasion intro-
duce a bill to that effect, with provisions more
carefully drawn. I submit it now mainly as
a notice.
Mr. SWANN. I desire to say a very few
words on this question. I am opposed to any
appropriation on the part of this House for
the support of any class of the negro popula-
tion within the limits of the District of Colum-
bia. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawks] has stated that a large number ot the
colored population have been thrown in here
from the southern States and from the State
of Maryland. Now, I beg leave to inform the
honorable gentleman that we have a large class
of the negro population who have been thrown
upon the State of Maryland and upon the city
of Baltimore by the confusion arising out of
the results of the late war of the rebellion,
and I am happy to say, Mr, Speaker, that so
far as we could control the posiiion in which
we were placed by that population, we have
endeavored to do what was necessary to sus-
tain and support them within our limits. Their
claim is upon the District, and not upon Con-
gress. W e have been governed by a feeling of
humanity toward the negro population. We
feel kindly toward them. We are disposed to
do the utmost not only to educate them, but
to give them all the comforts which they can
reasonably ask at the hands of our people.
Maryland has never come here to ask for aid
in this behalf from the public Treasury.
Mr. Speaker, the question here is whether
or not this is a question for national interfer-
ence, or whether or not it should be left to
State authority and State action ; whether or
not the Treasury of the United States should
be called upon to support any class of the
population who may be in want aud in suffer-
ing, or whether or not the matter should be
left to the municipality in which they are found ;
whether if they come here within the limits of
the District of Columbia the administrators of
the poor laws of the District are not bound to
look after them and to extend to them such
charity as is necessary to sustain this floating'
population. That is the whole question to be
determined by this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, an effort has been made
in this House to cast reproach on the Demo-
cratic party for the course they are pursuing
toward the negro population. It, is altogether
gratuitous aud unjust.
Sir, 1 claim to be a Democrat; I claim to
belong to the party represented by geuttemen
on this side of the House. I have been
connected with the institution of slavery, but
involuntarily. I liberated fifty of those un-
fortunate persons before the late war began,
aud I will say, although I say it myself, that
m my own community I receive as much respect
from that class of people as I do from those
who have sustained me and sent me to occupy
a position upon this floor. I claim that I have
done more in behalf of the negro than perhaps
any other member on this floor. I have never
treated them otherwise than kindly. I liber-
ated those negroes at a time when it involved
the sacrifice of a large amount of capital. I
was one of those who could not saiisly their
own conscience as to the propriety of sustain-
ing an institution to which I have been always
aud uuiforml^ opposed.
And I am ready here to day to go with him
who will go the farthest to extend to that
class of people all the kindness and all the
support that should be given them, aud to
give to them all the assistance that they can
reasonably ask at the hands of this Govern-
ment. But I say that if you put your hands
into the public Treasury for the means to sup-
port this floating class of population that is
coming here only to be supported at the pub-
lic expense, 1 say to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and to other gentle-
men on this floor that they will be commit-
ting an act of great imprudence and injustice
to this class of population. Throw them upon
their own resources, and when they are enter-
tained by communities such as the District of
Columbia, let the authorities of the District
of Columbia piovide for their support where
they need it, and provide for them liberally.
Sir, that is the position 1 occupy, aud I do not
wish to be misunderstood ; that is the position
in which I stand in my own State of Mary,
land. I have the greatest sympathy for the
negro. I am ready to-day to give this class
of population the benefit of education to any
and to every reasonable extent, and I am
ready to place in their hands and at their dis-
posal such proper and necessary support as
they can ask from Christian men in a Chris-
tian community.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all debate upon
the pending amendment be now closed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I will withdraw my call for
the yeas and nays upon concurring in this
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. McINFYItE. I move to amend the
amendment by reducing the amount proposed
to be appropriated from $12,000 to $5,000.
The amendment to the amendment was not
