622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ApriM 2,
agreed to, upon a division—ayes twenty-six,
noes not counted.
Mr. DE LARGE. I renew the amendment
to the amendment which I offered a short time
since, and I hope the point of order then made
upon it will not now be made by any gentle-
man. It is to add the following to the pend-
ing amendment of the Senate:
For the rebuilding of the Catholic orphan asy-
lum at Charleston, South Carolina, $20,000, in con-
sideration of the services rendered by the ' Sisters
of Oar Lady of Mercy," of Charleston, South Caro-
lina to the sick and wounded Union officers and
soldiers while said city was under bombardment
during the war.
Mr. BURCHARD. I renew the point of
order that this amendment is not germane.
Mr. DE LARGE. I simply desire to state
to the House 
The SPEAKER. All debate upon the pend-
ing amendment of the Senate has been closed
by order of the House.
Mr. DE LARGE. I ask unanimous consent
to make a brief statement.
No objection was made.
Mr. DE LARGE. I desire to state that a
bill for this purpose passed the House at the
last session of Congress, but failed t.o become
a law. This is an exceptional case, and I think
no objection should be made to it. If gentle-
men will take the trouble to inquire concern-
ingthe service rendered by these Sisters during
the war in reference to the soldiers and officers
of our Army, they will see that what is pro-
posed by this amendment is but a simple act
of justice and right.
Mr. BURCHARD. I insist upon my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The amendment o'f the Senate was then
concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, con-
currence in which was recommended, was as
follows:
Sec. 27. That the provisions in the act entitled
" An act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
SO, 1871. and for other purposes." for the erection
of a public building in the city of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, for the use of the custom-house and other
civil offices of the Government of the United States,
shall be extended and made available for and
during the year ending June 30,1S72.
Mr. McGREW. I hope the House will not
regard me as being over-persistent when I pro-
pose to renew the amendment which I offered
a few moments ago. I understand that the
gentleman who then raised the point of order
against it will not interpose it now, and I hope
no other gentleman will make any objection
to it.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. McGkew]
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the Senate amendment the following:
Provided, That the jurisdiction conferred by the
joint resoluti n of June IB, 18G6, in regard to claims
iroin the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, in
the State of West Virginia, and by the joint reso-
lution of July 28,1866, m regard to claims from tho
State of Tennessee, and by the joint resolution
of December 23. 1869, as amended by the act of
March 3, 1871, in regard to steamboats and other
vessels, shall not be withdrawn or impaired by any
construction of the law creating commissioners of
claims to examine claims arising in States pro-
claimed to be in insurrection, and that jurisdiction
upon all claims presented to the proper Department
before the 3d day of March, 1871, shall remain as
before the passage thereof.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I suggest to the
gentleman from West Virginia to change the
phraseology of his amendment by striking out
at the beginning of it the word "provided"
and inserting the words "and that," so as not
to make the preceding provision dependent
upon this.
The SPEAKER. The amendment would
have to be either a proviso or a separate sec-
tion. It would make no practical difference
either way.
The amendment of Mr. McGrew was then
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct that
tbe amendment just adopted shall be Jpj*ce<*
as a separate section at the end of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by add-
ing to the amendment just adopted the follow-
ing:
Provided, That all that part of the clause m tho
first section of an act of Congress entitled An act
making appropriations lor the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1871, approved July 12,
1870, where an appropriation is made for the pay-
ment of judgments to be rendered by the Court
of Claims, which follows the word dollars," be, and
the same is hereby, repealed: Pivvided, 1 hat no
pardon or amnesty granted by the President of the
United States, whether general or special, by proc-
lamation or otherwise, nor any acceptance of such
pardon or amnesty, nor oath taken or other act per-
formed in pursuance or as a condition thereof, shall
be admissible as evidence in the Court of Claims,
exceptwhere such pardon and amnesty were granted
and oaths of allegiance and amnesty taken in good
faith, before the suppression of the late rebellion,
under the proclamation of the Preiident issued In
pursuance of the twelfth section of the act ot Con-
gress known as the confiscation act, approved July
17,1862, and before the repeal thereof, pledging the
public faith for the restoration of the rights of prop-
erty, and where all the requirements and condi-
tionsnamed in said acts and proclamations have ;
been faithfully complied with and said onths of i
amnesty and allegiance kept and maintained invio-
late.
Mr. Speaker, as I explained yesterday, this
amendment applies to pardons granted under
the proclamation of President Lincoln with a
view to induce persons to abandon rebellion,
and where they did actually abandon it and
kept their obligation in good faith.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman who objected to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. De Large] withdraws the objection. Is
there any other objection to the offering of the
amendment in regard to the orphan asylum at
Charleston, South Carolina?
Several members objected.
The fifty-ninth amendment oPtbe Senate, in
which the committee recommended concur-
rence, was to insert the following:
Sec. 28. That the salary of the consul at Mafca-
moras, Mexico, be established at $2,000 per annum
for the iiticat year ending June 3J, 1871, and there-
after.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend this amend-
ment by adding to it the following:
That there he paid to the deputy assistant
treasurer in the office of the Assistant Treasurer in
the city of New York the sum of $500, tae same
being a deficiency in his compensation for the last
fiscal year.
Mr. HOLMAN. I observe that the amend-
ment of the Senate is for salary of the consul
at Matamoras. I wish to inquire, what is the
present salary of that officer?
Mr. DAWES. One thousand dollars; and
that sum is found utterly inadequate for his
support. The office must be abandoned unless
the salary is increased.
As to the amendment just offered, the salary
of the deputy assistant treasurer is fixed by
law; but, by some mistake, $500 less than the
regular amount was appropriated last year.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes was agreed
to; and the amendment of the Senate, a3
amended, was concurred in.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] to
withdraw the point of order which he made on
my amendment, so that I may offer it again and
make an explanation of two or three minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. For the purpose of hear-
ing the gentleman's explanation I will with-
draw my point of order, if I can have the
privilege of renewing it.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, which was ruled out of
order, will be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the fifty-ninth amendment of the Senate add
the following:
And for the completion of the glass structure on
reservation No. 2 for the culture of medicinal, tex-
tile, and economic plants, $1,000 be, and hereby is,
appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Wilson-] will be heard on this sub-
ject; but I shall certainly object to entertain-
ing the amendment. We appropriated $25,000
a year or two ago for the culture of these
"economic plants." I have visited the build-
ing and know what they are.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The Committee on
Appropriations and the House have been very
liberal toward the Department of Agriculture,
and their liberality is fully appreciated. I
may be asked why this appropriation was not
included in the estimates and inserted in the
regular appropriation bill passed last winter.
I will endeavor to explain that matter. It will
be remembered that last year $25,000 were
appropriated for building this glass structure.
Jt was hoped by the Commissioner that he
would be able to accomplish the work for
$25,000. Any gentleman who will take the
pains to go over and examine the building and
the work done will be fully satisfied that it is
a cheap structure for $25,000. After expend-
ing the $25,000 appropriated he ascertained
that $4,000 would be necessary in order to
complete the building and render it fit for use.
The reason why the appropriation has not
been asked for sooner is simply this: by the
law which we passed last year covering all
balances which were in the hands of any of
the Departments or bureaus into the Treasury
at the end of the fiscal year nearly five thou-
sand dollars of a balance belonging to the
Agricultural Department were in that way cov-
ered into the Treasury. The Commissioner
expected, and I may say that he was promised,
that he should have that sum by resolution,
and he intended to devote it to the completion
of this glass structure. It so happened, how-
ever, that he did not get it by resolution. It
was then intended to put it into the appro-
priation bill in the Senate. It was forgotten
by accident, and not intentionally kept out of
that bill. So, then, the only chance left is to
include it in this appropriation bill.
Next winter nobody will object to giving ns
this appropriation for the completion of this
glass structure, and therefore I see no good
reason why the Department should lay out of
that sum a whole year, when it is necessary in
order to render this building fit for use. It is
real economy on our part to vote this $4,000
now to complete this glass structure at once.
I trust, therefore, no gentleman will make the
point of order, but that the propriety of add-
ing the amendment may be left to the discre-
tion of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I stillcontinue my objec-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that we have heard all about
this glass structure for the cultivation of eco-
nomic plants. We heard all about it a year
ago, when we appropriated $25,000 for this
building. The gentleman from Ohio and his
friends were very indignant that any gentleman
should object to it, and especially auy member
like myself coming from an agricultural dis-
trict, when, as it was said, this appropriation
was for the benefit of the farmers altogether.
The economic plants, for the culture of which
this glass structure seems to have been designed
are the fuchsia, pyrus japonica, and camellia
japonica, andotherrarefiowerstomake uninto
elegant bouquets for the delectation of officials
in the various Departments of Government in
this city. These are the economic plants for
the benefit of the farmers of the country and
which the people of the country are to pay
for! I trust that the gentlemen representing the
farmers of the country will, when they make
these appropriations, do it really in the interests
of those farmers and not for the purpose ot
getting up elegant bouquets to decorate the
mansions of officials in this city.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Indiana feels better after that elo-
quent display.
Mr.HOLMAN. Oh, yes; I have beea study
ing the names for the purpose.
