1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. When lie talks
about fuchsias and other flowers, I want to tell
him that their cultivation does not enter into
this question at all. The purpose for which
this glass structure was provided was the cul-
tivation of medicinal, textile, and economic
plants.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my point of
order altogether.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew it, and insist on it.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. 1 hope the gentle-
man from Indiana will withdraw his point of
order until 1 reply to his remarks, that this
building is for the purpose of cultivating
flowers.
Mr. HOLM AN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. My friend, the gen-
tleman from Indiana, has done the Agricul-
tural Department, and especially the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, great injustice in the
remarks which he has just made. lie said
that the object for which this glass structure
was put up was to raise fine flowers to make
into bouquets. He is entirely mistaken. No
such idea ever entered the mind of the Com-
missioner, or any one else. It was for the
purpose of providing for the introduction into
this country of the growth of medicinal, tex-
tile, and economic plants.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is full of azaleas.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. There maybe a
few there, but it was not built for that pur-
pose. It was intended for the purpose of cul-
tivating economic and other plants, and that
is the object to which it will be devoted.
Mr. POTTER. May I ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Wilson] what an economical
plant is?
Mr. DAWES. I would ask the Chair if the
point of order is withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAWES. Then I object to further
debate.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to say a
word. I made the point of order originally on
the amendment, and I made it on the ground
simply that it was new legislation. Butin the
Course of the debate some reflections seem to
have been cast upon the Agricultural Depart-
ment. Now, as one who does not agree polit-
ically with the head of that Department, I do
say that I have never during my congressional
experience seen more promptness than is now
displayed in the business of that Department.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to say a
word.
Mr. HOLMAN. While I fully indorse the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Randall,] I insist on my point of
order.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holiian] insists on the point
of order, and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] objects to further debate.
Mr. CREBS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the point of order and allow a vote
to be taken on the amendment. The charge
he has made, that this establishment is for the
purpose of furnishing bouquets, is all wrong.
It is maintained in the interest of the farming
community, and that alone.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. And I would put
it to the House whether it can be of any ser-
vice for any purpose until it is completed. I
hope the gentleman will withdraw the point
of order and let us have a vote on the amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. In reply to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ckebs] I beg to say that
there is not an economic plant in that estab-
lishment, and that there never has been. It
is purely a fancy thing.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. The gentleman is
mistaken.
The SPEAKER. Is the point of order with-
drawn?
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman will ap-
propriate the money the country owes to the
soldiers of the war I will not insist on the
point of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I am always ready
to vote with the gentleman on that question.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order is
not withdrawn debate is irregular.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I desire to say that I
made a point of order on the amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. De
Large] in reference to the Catholic orphan
asylum at Charleston under the misapprehen-
sion that the appropriation was an act of char-
ity. I find that it is an act of justice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope nobody will ob-
ject to the proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The point of order was
also made by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Burchard,] and he insists on it.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I understand that
the gentleman from Indiana has withdrawn
his point of order on my amendment, and I
ask a vote on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not under-
stood that the point of order is withdrawn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have insisted on it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair allowed an
opportunity for negotiations, as far as the
rules would permit; but the point of order
being insisted on, the Chair sustains it, and
the amendment is not before the House.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Sen-
ate numbered 59J, as follows:
That there be. and is hereby, appropriated for
increased compensation to assistant marshals in
taking the census of 1S70 the sum of $350,000.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move to amend
by adding the following:
And such additional sum as may be necessary to
pay the remainder due to deputy marshals of the
State of Georgia for taking the census of 1860.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point of order
on that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move to amend by
adding the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he hereby
is, authorized to allow to the marshals of the several
judicial districts of the United States the amounts
actually expended by them for the hire of clerks
engaged upon the work oi the ninth census: Pro-
vided, That such allowance shall in no ease exceed
the amount of the fees received by the marshal for
his services in respect to the eensuswhero such fees
oxceed, in the aggregate, the sum of $500.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order.
These marshals have been paid and repaid for
their services.
Mr. KETCHAM. I beg to state that I have
offered this amendment at the request of the
Superintendent of the Census.
The SPEAKER The Chair does not think
that the point of order applies.
Mr. DAWES. There is no authority of law
for such a purpose as that.
The SPEAKER. There is no authority of
law for the appropriation of $350,000 proposed
by the amendment of the Senate. The only
question is whether the proposed amendment
to the amendment is germane to the pending
amendment; if so, thenit is in order.
Mr. KETCHAM. 1 have offered this amend-
ment at the suggestion of the Superintendent
of the Census.
Mr. BECK. The Superintendent of the
Census appeared before the Committee on
Appropriations and made no such suggestion.
I would inquire when he made that request of
the gentleman.
Mr. KETCHAM. It was but yesterday that
he indicated his approval of this amendment.
Mr. BECK. Allow me to say to the gen-
tleman that the Superintendent of the Census
appeared before us on two different days and
we kept him before us a long time in order to
obtain the benefit of his suggestions. He made
no such request of the committee.
Mr. DAWES. 1 know nothing about the
merits of this claim. But it is a little singular
that it should come in in this way in the very
last hours of this session, when the Super-
intendent of the Census was before the Com-
mittee of Appropriations of the other branch
of Congress, where he obtained the adoption
of the amendment of the Senate as it is here
printed, and then came before the special Com-
mittee of Appropriations "T>f this House and
suggested a reduction of the amount named
in that amendment. It strikes me as very
singular that another amendment from another
quarter, suggested by the Superintendent of
the Census, should now be offered. I do not
doubt what the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ketcham] has said. He knows I do not
doubt his statement. I am speaking of the
singularity of the conduct of the Superintend-
ent of the Census.
Mr. KETCHAM. The same amendment
was offered in the Senate, but was objected to.
Mr. DAWES. Does my friend know how
much this will take out of the Treasury?
Mr. KETCHAM. Not to exceed $25,000.
A limited provision was made for clerk hire;
but in many instances these marshals were
obliged to bear this expense, and this amend-
ment is intended to reimburse the money
actually expended by them.
Mr. DAWES. My complaint was suggested
by the remark of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] If those who have charge
of the administration of affairs are to cosne
before the proper committees of the two Houses
and submit what they desire to have done, and
say that what they there suggest is all they
desire, and then go to other members of Con-
gress and suggest other amendments of this
character, if that is to be done, then I shall
retire from the position of representing the
officials of this Government, unless I can
understand what they mean.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Ketcham ;and it was not
agreed to.
The .amendment of the Senate was then con-
curred in.
The last amendment of theSenate, in which
concurrence was recommended, was as fol-
lows :
Sec. 35. That an act approved January 22, A. D
1R67, entitled " An act to fix the time for the regular
meeting of Congress," be, and the same is hereby,
repealed alter the adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move an amendment to this section. If there
is any point of order to be made upon it, I ask
that it shall be waived until I can briefly
explain the object of the amendment. It is
to add to the section as follows:
And the act entitled "An act regulating the tenure
of certain civil offices," passed March 2,1867, and an
act entitled "An act to amend an act regulating the
tenure of certain civil offices," approved April 5,
1869, be, and the same are hereby, repealed: Pro-
vided, That the repeal of said acts shall not affect
the suspension or designation of any civil officer
heretofore made by the President, except so tar as
to prevent the restoration to office or pay, by virtue
of said acts, of any person suspended under their
provisions.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not germane. I will
waive the point until the gentleman can.be
heard.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the point of
order being waived.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I merely
wish to state the purpose and effect of the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any remarks
pending the point of order. Let it be with-
drawn entirely or insisted upon.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
that is a game two can play.
Mr. RANDALL. You will not see me run
away fro in it. -
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question was upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate ; and being taken,
