624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
upon a division there were—ayes 73, noes 30;
no quorum voting.
Mr. LYNCH. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in, and*also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. When the House is pro-
ceeding as in Committee of the Whole the
motion to reconsider is not in order.
Mr. LYNCH. Did a quorum vote on the
amendment?
The SPEAKER. There was not a quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Lxxoa and
Mr. Shellababger were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes one hundred and seven, noes not
counted.
Mr. f YNER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been once refused ; but where a matter of con-
stitutional right is involved, the Chair is always
■willing to indulge gentlemen.
The question being again taken on ordering
the yeas and nays, there were—ayes 22, noes
103.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Bingham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes forty-three, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the House
votes on this question I would like to Fay a
word, although gentlemen who have made up
their minda may thmk that no discussion is
necessary. It will be remembered that the
law providing for the meeting of each new
Congress on the 4th of March, the beginning
of the congressional term, was passed at the
instance of General Schenck of Ohio, lately
my colleague in this House. After consider-
ation by a committee the proposition was
adopted, there being a very general assent to
the importance of such a measure.
Mr. RANDALL. On your side, not on ours.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not say
on all sides ; but 1 say there was very general
assent to the propriety of the proposition. I
do not say that everybody here supported it;
but the importance of the measure was very
generally acknowledged, and a good many
gentlemen on the other side concurred in that
opinion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE,
Mr. RANDALL.
ported it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the first place
I want gentlemen to understand that if this law
be repealed there will be, during nine of the
twenty-four months of each congressional term,
no Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. That will be a very good
thing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And there will
be no power, except in the President of the
United States, to call Congress together.
A Member. Thank God for that!
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
desire to throw contempt upon the body to
which tiiey belong by these interruptions and
ejaculations they are welcome to go in the
Globe as doing so.
1 wish to say, moreover, that if, after the
repeal of this law, it should happen at any
time in the history of this country that both
the President and the Vice President should
die during the nine months when there would
be no organized Congress, there would be in
this nation no person having the power to cail
Congress together or to act as President. W-e
should be left in a state of absolute anarchy,
without a Government, and with no provision
under our Constitution lor calling one into
being.
Furthermore, if there should ever come a
I think not.
Not a man of us sup-
time when we should have a bad President,
one whom Congress could not trust, he could
hold the legislative body of the nation, during
more than one third of its entire life, in such
a position that it could not work and could
make no provision for work. The Congress
of the United States ought always to be organ-
ized. There ought never to be a moment in
the history of this Government when its three
great departments are not in organized life.
The proposition of this amendment is that the
legislative life of the nation shall lie in abey-
ance nine months out of every twenty-four. I
am amazed that so few gentlemen should have
any word of protest against a measure like this.
I can understand how gentlemen on the other
side may feel it to be their interest just now to
have this law out of the way. I can under-
stand that they may not desire to see the next
Republican President enter upon his duties
with Congress in session on the day of 1 3
inauguration. But that gentlemen on this side
of the House should propose that when the
next President of the United States is inau-
gurated no Congress shall be in existence at that
time, or for nine months following, passes my
comprehension.
A Member. The gentleman is mistaken, as
it is pretty certain the Democrats will elect the
next President.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
on the other side thought there would be a
Democratic President they would not vote for
this measure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yes, we would.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Congress
of the United States makes blunders and is
sometimes wrong-beaded, as all human bodies
are. But I am not ready to admit that it is a
dangerous thing to liberty to have the Con-
gress of the United States organized. I think
it should be organized at the very moment the
preceding Congress dies, and one of the great
reasons of this law was that it might be organ-
ized and ready for any emergency.. I hope we
shall vote down this proposition.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it never oc-
curred to me that this measure was a measure
for promoting the interest of the Republican
party, as suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio. It occurred to me if it had any founda-
tion in fact and right it had a broader appli-
cation than any legislative devices for keeping
alive the Republican party. I believe, for one,
that the interests of the Republican party can-
not be promoted by any such device as this,
and therefore I throw out of sight and consid-
eration any of the suggestions of the gentle-
man from Ohio bearing on that point.
The gentleman expresses his amazement that
any gentleman in this House can conceive the
idea of the nation living for a single moment
without having the House of Representa-
tives organized and ready for work! Why,
sir, for eighty years the country got along
very well without any such law as this, and
the law itself could have no more been en-
acted, had it not been for a special purpose,
than we could have enacted an overthrow of
the Constitution itself. Everybody knows what
that purpose was, everybody knows the end
for which that law was passed, and everybody
knows that there was no intention of its being
placed as a permanent policy upon the statute-
book ; but, like very many of the other laws
of that critical and anomalous period, it was
intended that it should pass away with the
exigency.
Now, sir, my friend says that without this
organization of the House it is possible the
President and Vice President may both die,
and that there will be nobody at the head of
the Government. The gentleman knows that
the Senate will never adjourn without creating
a President pro tempore to meet that exigency.
It has always done it from the foundation of
the Government. If-there is any one evil
greater than another in the administration of
the powers here, it is the constant session of
Congress. If there is any cause of complaint
among the people, it is the constant dwelling
of Congress here, legislating and legislating,
and debating and wrangling here, week in and
week out, and month after month.
Sir, if we have a President in whom we can
trust, if there shall be anybody in the execu-
tive chair worthy of the confidence of the
American people, there never can be an hour
when there is need of the House of Represent-
atives here; it will not be called here, and called
here to meet any exigency. When the time
comes that there is any danger of any execu-
tive occupying that chair, and it is necessary
to protect the people of the country against
the Executive, as already existed three or four
years ago, there will be ample time to provide
for that exigency.
It can in no way, however, occur except it
be on the inauguration of a new President and
before the December that follows. That is
the only time, and the possibility that the peo-
ple of the United States will elect an Executive
and he will take the executive chair between
the 4th of March and December, and adminis-
ter the Government—that under anew Execu-
tive fresh from the people the people's rights
will be trenched upon and their liberties en-
dangered, and the only protection against such
a chance as that is the idea we'can have this
House of Representatives organized on the 4th
of March, so we can protect the Constitution,
seems to me without the least foundation, when
we consider that for eighty years we went on
without any such law as this without detriment
to the Republic; and it was only because it was
necessary to resort to this measure during the
incumbency of a President whose administra-
tion had no parallel, and which, we thank God,
has passed away, and there is now nobody left
so poor as to do it reverence on either side of
the House, that this law had its origin.
I think, sir, that if there is any one thing
on which there is a settled conviction in the
country, it is that the law ought to be repealed,
i and that we ought to go back to the old way
of having Congress assemble not till Decem-
ber, subject to the call of the President of the
United States when there shall be any public
exigency demanding a called session.
Mr. BIN GHAM. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word of the section. I do not
desire, Mr. Speaker, to delay the House. But
I wish here and now to enter my protest against
the repeal of the existing law for the meeting
and organization of each succeeding Congress
upon the expiration of each outgoing Con-
gress. The Constitution, Mr. Speaker, of ali
its wise provisions, contains none which, in my
judgment, more clearly indicates the prescience
which characterized the great men who framed
it than the provision which it expressly made
that the Congress of the United States might
change the time for the assembling every year,
and also the time for the organization of each
incoming Congress. It was important, I main-
tain—it was absolutely essential—that the fund •
amental law, when it was framed and was first
to go into effect, should name some day upon
which the legislative body of the nation should
convene and organize. That was expressly
provided for in the Constitution.
But, sir, the framersof that great instrument
knew right well that the spirit of disorganiza-
tion, the spirit of revolution might develop
itself among the people of this country, mak-
ing it necessary for the Congress to provide by
law other and greater securities for the protec-
tion of the legislative power of the nation,
without which the Republic cannot live. There-
fore, Mr. Speaker, they did provide in the
Constitution that the legislative power might
change the time for the assembling and the
organization of the Congress. In the light of
our experience, after the sixty five years or
more of that internal peace to which the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
referred, it did transpire th$t a small minority
