1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
625
could control the legislative power of the Uni-
ted States by preventing an organization of the
House of Representatives, without which there
can be no Congress for legislation, or for any
other duty enjoined upon Congress. I believe,
sir, that but for an accident, over which no
visible agency hid control, there is no man
living who has the right to say that the same
factious minority which in 1855 prevented
an organization of the House of Represent-
atives of the Thirty-Fourth Congress of the
United States for eight weeks might not have
defeated altogether the organization of that
Congress until the expiration of the term of
its existence, limited by the Constitution. I
sat here during those eight successive weeks
and looked upon the pitiful spectacle of a few
men, sometimes not exceeding ten in number,
holding in suspense the legislative power of
this nation and preventing the organization
of the House.
Well, say gentlemen, what of this? If you
repeal this law, may not like combinations try
that experiment in December? To be sure.
But I do not propose to give them the inter-
vening time between the 4th of March and the
first Monday in December in every second
year, upon an incoming Congress, to complete
their conspiracy and their organization against
the rights and the safety of the people. If any
portion of the members-elect be so minded
hereafter I demand in behalf of the people that
the law shall be such that they shall show their
purpose in the month of March instead of
December following. I am not afraid of the
result, if any such experiment shall hereafter
be tried under the existing law on the 4th of
March. Such combinations*'made thus early
and manifested would melt away in the pres-
ence of the expressed indignation of an in-
sulted and betrayed people. Between the 4th
of March and the first Monday of December
every second year the people of every State
in the Union hold elections ; arid if, therefore,
in March any such attempt as I have referred
to should be made by a mere faction of mem-
bers-elect to prevent an organization of this
House the people, at their subsequent elections,
would have opportunity to give sucll expres-
sion of opinion on that subject as would notify
the conspirators to desist in their project of
obstruction and revolution. The people would
take care that no man of any party should be
elected to any office in the presence of such a
conspiracy iu the Capitol who was not openly
against the conspiracy and the conspirators.
But, sir, repeal this law, give designing men
the opportunity to organize such conspiracy
against the rights of the nation, allow them the
months which intervene from the 4th of March
till the first Monday in December in which to
perfect their organization, and the exhibition
may be repeated which we have had twice in
our history, and'during my time of service
here, of a small body suspending for weeks
and months the organization of a presidential
Congress, in opposition to the efforts of a large
majority of both the great political parties of
the country. If twenty or thirty-conspirators
may, as they have twice done before, prevent
the organization of this House for two months,
maythey^ not prevent an organization of a
presidential Congress, if you repeal this law,
for fifteen months? If this should happen,
what then? You elect no President or Vice
President of the United States. You can never
elect a President or Yice President while the
Constitution stands as it is without an organ-
ized Congress.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] may well say that danger is passed as
to the next presidential election, because this
Congress now organized is under the Constitu-
tion the presidential Congress, and is charged
by that instrument with the duty of declaring
V->e electoral vote and determining under the
Constitution who shall be President and who
shall bo Vice President for the four years
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1873,
42d Cons. IstSess.—No. 40.
when this Congress will expire. I trust that
in the providence of God this is not to be the
last Congress of the United States, and that
the election of President and Vice President
to be determined by this Congress in 1873 is
not to be the last election of President and
Vice President of the United States.
Sir, I have no desire to see the legislative
department of the Government in perpetual
session; but after witnessing two revolutions
which well-nigh defeated the organization of
two presidential Congresses I have desired that
the Congresses elected hereafter shall by law
be required to meet on the 4th day of March
(or the first Monday thereafter) upon the ex-
piration of the outgoing Congress, in order to
meet not only the exigencies so well slated by
my honorable colleague, [Mr. Garfield,] but
to meet as well exigencies now so hastily and
imperfectly stated by me. The remarks which
I have made apply only to a presidential Con-
gress, while the remarks of my colleague apply
to every Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. What is the particular
necessity for the organization of what the
gentleman styles presidential Congresses at
the commencement of their term?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have already answered
a President and Vice President can never be
elected without an organized Congress until
you change the Constitution.
Mr. RANDALL. The Congress at its last
session before a President is inaugurated
counts the electoral votes and declares who
j1fg eiecfc6d.
Mr. BINGHAM. So I understand; but a
President acid Vice President chosen by the
people can never be declared elected but by
an organized Congress, and until the House
as well as the Senate are organized and in
joint convention assembled.
Mr. RANDALL. Youhave got up a shadow
to be frightened with.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, I have not got up a
shadow. Who is going to pronounce who are
elected President and Vice President of the
United States without an organized Congress?
The gentleman should read the Constitution
of his country.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
now to call the attention of the House to the
practice of the fathers. My colleague [Mr.
Dawes] iusists that the practice of the fathers i
was to have regular sessions of Congress only,
at one stated time.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no; I did not say any
such thing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That was
the effect of the gentleman's statement; I do
not give his exact words.
Mr. DAWES. I did not say any such thing,
or intend any such thing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What the
gentleman did say was this: that the wise men
of former days got along with Congresses 
Mr. DAWES. Without Congresses meeting
on the 4th day of March.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, if
that was all the gentleman said, it is not a
thing I desire to answer.- I do not care whether
it was the 4th or the 5th day of March. I sup-
posed the remark of the gentleman had a more
broad and statesmanlike view ; however, that
is not my fault.
Let me give a few of the cases in which acts
have been passed directing the meeting of
Congress at a period different from that fixed
by the Constitution. Such sessions were pro-
vided by law on the first Monday in January,
1790; on the fourth Monday in October, 1791;
on the, first Monday in November, 1792; on
first Monday in No velnber, 1794; on first Mon-
day (changed to second Monday) in Novem-
ber, 1797; on the third Monday in November,
1800; on first Monday in November, 1803; on
first Monday in November, 1804; on first Mon-
day in November, 1808; on fourth Monday in
May, 1809; on fourth Monday in November,
1809, &c. It will be seen that it was a com-
mon practice in the earlier Congresses to fix
by law the time for subsequent sessions.
I now desire to call attention to what would
have been the effect upon the country if in
1865, when President Lincoln was murdered,
when an attempt was made to murder all the
principal executive officers of the Government.,
with the exception, perhaps, of one individual,
if we had had a Congress then i:i existence,
then organized, then able to take up the work of
reconstruction, instead of having the whole
matter botched by Johnson. If then we could
have dealt with the question of amnesty, if
then we could have dealt with questions of
reconstruction, if then, when the war was just
over, we could have had a Congress here organ-
ized, and not had the entire management of
these questions left in the bands of President
Johnson and his Secretary of State, what effect
would it have had on the questions of recon-
struction !
I desire to make one further observation.
This Congress, of all others, is committed on
this subject by the fact that we have been here
in session since the 4th of March. This fact
is evidence that, in our judgment at least, there
are exigencies which require that Congress
should be organized immediately on the 4th
of March. There were gentlemen who desired
to go away; there were gentlemen who desired
that there should be no session of Congress at
this time ; there were gentlemen who desired
to leave here with one half of the country in
anarchy and confusion. But by the very fact
that we are here this day, this Congress, at
least the majority of this Congress, is com-
mitted before the country to the wisdom of a
session at this time. We, at least, place our-
selves before the nation as declaring it neces-
sary for the safety of the country that we should
hold a session now to perfect legislation which
failed by accident or design, as the case may
have been, in the preceding Congress.
There are some gentlemen who, whenever
matters come up affecting party, are very fond
of getting off some platitude to the effect that
they do not legislate for party. Sir, I believe
my party to be right; I believe its principles
are right; I believe its policy is right; 1 ke-
lieve it is the only party that can properly gov-
ern the country ; and, therefore, I do mean
Jo legislate if possible for the preservation of
that party. I do not propose to have the in-
terests of tbat party put out of sight. If 1
believed my party to be iu the wrong, my
position would be different.
I ask gentlemen to consider the difference
between the position in which the Republican
party stands to-day before the country an,d
that in which we should have stood if we
had adjourned a few weeks ago when we were'
torn by divisions. What would have been our
position if we had deserted our posts at that
time, when our friends in the South were being
murdered? If this session of Congress had
been dispensed with altogether, or adjourned
within a few days of its commencement, what
would have been the result upon onr party
and upon the country? In my judgment, the
result would have been almost ruin to the
country. We are here to-day demonstrating,
not only as politicians but as statesmen, the
necessity for a session of Congress at this
time to do the work* which may have been
neglected at the preceding session, or to meet
new exigencies.
One other suggestion I desire to submit.
What reason is there for gre!lt haste to adopt
this measure now, in theexpiring1 hours'
of the session," to adopt the congressional
phrase?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And it Is " new
legislation" on an appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh! un-
doubtedly. All "new legislation" is good
when it is our legislation, and bad when it is
not our legislation. [Laughter.]
But, I ask, what is the occasion for haste ia
repealing this law ? There cannot be another
