626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
session of Congress under it until two years
hence. Why can we not postpone action with
reference to the repeal of this law? The law
cannot have any farther effect until two years
from the 4th of last month. Why can we not
defer action on this question until the next
session, that we may see the state of the coun-
try at that time, and determine whether the
rebellion is actually crushed? We can then
repeal this law or allow it to continue, as may
at that time appear wise.
"Who can tell, sir, but that when we come to
count the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent it may appear that certain States have
been carried by fraudulent returns, and there
may be no legal provision to avert a state of
anarchy? It may be necessary that the Con-
gress of this nation should two years hence
assemble under its own law for the safety of
the people and the preservation of the Union.
I will not use any hard words ; but I have a
very strong opinion upon the question whether
we in Congress should yield to the outcry of
outsiders that we are not doing our duty and
had better be at home. Any members who
think this is true of themselves had better go
home.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Will the gentle-
man from Illinois give way for a moment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I want to move
to adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not now.
Mr. Speaker. I am opposed to continuing
the act which requires the meeting of the first
session of Congress on the 4th day of March.
I believe that it does no good, and I am not
at all affected by the alarm which seems to be
entertained by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] if that act be repealed, because for
some eighty years we had no such law upon
the statute-book and no harm came of it. I
wish besides to call his attention to this
faot 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They met earl-
ier than the first Monday in December for a
long time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They never enacted
any law requiring the new Congress to meet
the very day the term of the old Congress
expired.
Another fact to which I wish to call atten-
tion is this: suppose this Congress adjourns
to-day, unless wo fix an earlier day for the
meeting of the next session there is no way by
which this Congress can get together again
unless called here by the proclamation of the
President.^ So, then, gentlemen who are afraid
of revolution in the country, or afraid of bad
Presidents, or afraid if Congress is not always
in session some dreadful evil is to befall the
country, ought to take special care when we
adjourn we should fix an early day for the
next meeting, and not leave it to the time fixed
by law for the meeting of the next session.
During the last session of the last Congress,
or perhaps it was the last session but one of
that Congress, the Judiciary Committee of this
House voted unanimously, perhaps with the
exception of one member, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Binoham,] who now advocates the
continuance of this law,for the repeal of that
law which provides for the meeting of the first
session of Congress immediately upon the
adjournment of the preceding Congress. The
Committee on the Judiciary of this House,
after taking the. whole matter into considera-
tion, came-to the conclusion that perhaps it
was better to repeal the law providing for this
nrst meeting of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I am informed the commit-
tee was unanimous.
?\4®^SWORTH. The Committee on
the Judiciary, I am told-, was unanimously iu
favor of the repeal of this act. The member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who has
just taken his seat, was a member of that
committee and voted for it, of course, with
the rest The chairman of that committee-was
instructed to report in favor of the repeal of
that law. I do not believe that the present
Congress, by meeting on the 4th of March,
has done any particular good. Who does not
know, if this Congress had not met on the
4th of March, if the exigency of the country
required it, that President Grant would have
called both Houses of Congress together at
once ? Who believes, however, that this ses-
sion has resulted in any good for the country
or to the Republican party? I have heard it
more frequently said by members of that party
that the holding of this session has done more
harm than good.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man to let me corrsct one of his statements.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Discussions which
have taken place here have not had a very
soothing and quieting influence either upon
the country or the Republican party.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 appeal to the gentle-
man from Illinois to correct his statement
when he says that the Judiciary Committee at
the last session voted unanimously for the
repeal of this law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not state it
of my own knowledge, but on the information
of others.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman was mis-
taken. The majority of the committee filially
ordered a report which I think was made, and
that report was adverse to the repealing of
this law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is my recol-
lection. *
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I think the
statement of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Bixg
ham] in reference to the final decision of the
Judiciary Committee of the last Congress is
correct; but I am also clear in the recollec-
tion when that subject was first brought to the
attention of the committee, the expression of
the opinion of the committee was in accord-
ance with the statement of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth.] But that was not
their final action. I tbiuk other considera-
tions at length controlled them.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 only wish to say, while
at first the majority of the committee were of
that opinion, I never was myself in favor of
its repeal.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So far as the next
Presidency is concerned, this present Congress
will canvass the votes for President in 1872.
We will do it at the last session of this Con-
gress, and there is not the least necessity at
this time for providing for the meeting of the
first session of the following Congress on the
4th of March. The vote for President is never
canvassed on the 4th of Mar-.h, nor is it can-
vassed in the session then commencing, if a
session of Congress should take place. ° Two
sessions of Congress must intervene before the
vote for President can be counted.
Mr. TYNER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
_ Mr. L. MYERS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to offer an amendment to the
pending section.
Mr. TYNER. I yield to the gentleman for
that purpose.
Mr. L. MYERS. I offer the following
amendment:
At the end of the sixty-fifth amendment add the
following words:
Provided, That this section shall not take effect
until after the expiration of the 3?orty-TUh-d Con-
gress.
COMMITTEES APPOINTED,
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces the
appointment of the following committees •
Committee on the Rule.s—The Speaker;" Mr.
Banks, of Massachusetts; Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio; Mr. Cox, of New York; Mr. Randall,
01 -rennsykaaia. "
Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds—Mr. Halsey, of New Jersey; Mr.
Starkweather, of Connecticut; Mr. Tvnpr. of
Indiana; Mr. Piatt, of Virginia; Mr. Murphis,
of Mississippi; Mr. Orr, of Iowa; Mr. Getz,
of Pennsylvania: Mr. Wells, of Missouri; Mr.
Perry, of New York.
' The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to; and thereupon (nl
four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions weie presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. DOX: The petition of Jesse D.
Prince, of Jackson county, Alabama, asking
for the removal of his disabilities.
Also, the petition of J. N. Cannon, of
Calhoun county, Alabama, asking for the
removal of his disabilities.
Bv Mr. DUELL: The petition of William
T. Henderson. J. C. Williams, Philetus Clark,
Horace K. King, and 207 others, citizens of
Onondaga county, New York, praying that a
pension be granted to Samuel C. Reed, of
Otisco, New York, for services in the war of
1861.
By Mr. RICE: The petition of Asa Carter,
asking to be relieved from the legal and polit-
ical disabilities imposed by section three, arti-
cle fourteen, of amendments to the Constitu-
tion.
By Mr. WADDELL: A r etition for removal
of disabilities of Richard B. Haywood, of
RAgigh, North Carolina.
By Mr. WILLARD : The petition of Morris
H. Cook and others, of Dan by, Vermont, pray-
ing I'or the passage of a bill to effectually sup-
press Ku Klux outrages.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday. April 13, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'cloek m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bcti.er, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
sale of cherokee strip.
Mr. LOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer for consideration now a bill to provide
for the sale of lands in Kansas known as the
Cherokee stiip to actual settlers.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 object if it is proposed
to put the bill on its passage now.
Mr. LOWE. If the gentleman will hear me
a moment I think he will withdraw his objec-
tion. The provisions of the bill are agreed to
by a committee of settlers on the land and by
the Cherokee nation of Indians, to whom the
proceeds of the sales are to go. I think no
one will desire to object to the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I object, and demand
the regular order.
member swokn 1%.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of privilege.
Another of the members-elect from the Suite
of Connecticut, Mr. W, H. Barmnu, is now
here, and I move that he be sworn in.
Mr. Barxcm appeared and qualified by tak-
l&y*16 oatl1 prescribfc<i tfaie act of J"1? 2,
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] objects to anything
but the regular order.
Mr. RANDALL. Not exactly. But T object
to the introduction and passage cf new lejrUl.i-
without its reference to some committee.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 384) to provide for
the adjustment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the 31st day of July,
1801; which was read a first aud second time.
