628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
section shall not take effect until after the
expiration of the Forty-Third Congress."
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, it was inti-
mated in the discussion yesterday that the law
which it is now proposed to repeal was enacted
co meet a certain emergency; that we then had
a President who could not be trusted; that
this fact was the reason for the passage of the
law, and that it was intended to be only a
temforary matter. That may have been the
case, but, sir, the law proved to be at that time
a good one. It seemed to wise men neces
sary that the law should be enacted. And,
sir, the value and importance of a law are
not to be measured by the frequency of its
being called into operation. A criminal law
of the greatest value to the community may
be violated but seldom. Has it ever happened
that a member of this House has rendered him-
self amenable to the criminal laws of the coun-
try ? Is this not true of ninety-nine out of
every liuudred ? Yet, are those laws useless ?
There are laws directed against crimes which
are committed hardly once in five years, crimes
which are hardly known in the community;
yet the necessity of these laws is never ques
lioned. The great object of criminal law is
to prevent, to forestall, and not to punish
crimes. Law is a preventive much more than
a cure. The laws in relation to titles, to real
estate, to contracts, to the regulation of busi-
ness, in a thousand instances are never felt or
needed unless violated ; but they stand as the
great safeguards of society nevertheless, and
nobody ever desires to annul them.
Well, then, as to our laws, not one in fifty
are applicable to ordinary occurrences because
of their infringement. Yet, because these laws
apply to exceptional occurrences it has never
been considered any good reason why they
should be repealed. They are passed to pre
vent crimes and wrongs which may not occur
in a hundred years, but because that is the
case it is 110 reason why we should not let them
remain upon the statute-book.
Here, then, we have this law, providing for
the organization of Congress immediately upon
the expiration of the preceding one. Now,
why should not Congress judge of the neees
siiies of having a spring session rather than
the President? I favored all the measures
passed during the administration of Andrew
Johnson restraining the power of the Execu-
tive and putting it, in the hands of the people
through Congress. There it is lodged sai'ely,
there it is secure, there there is less danger
of its being abused.
Air. FARNSWORTH. If Congress should
pass a useless statute costing the Government
one hundred thousand dollars a year, would
the gentleman be in favor of keeping that law
upon the statute-book?
Mr. COBURN. I suppose not. The gen-
tleman begs the question when he says this is
a useless statute. It may save the Govern-
ment. Suppose we had had a treasonable
President when Lincoln was inaugurated,
wlieie would the Government be now? Sup-
pose we had had a treasonable President then
who would not have called Congress together,
what disasters might not have happened? Con-
gress would not have met until the following
December, and then, had a minority chosen,
they might have filibustered for weeks in suc-
cession, so as to prevent any action on the
part of the Government for the suppression
of the rebellion. A year might have trans-
pired before anything could be done by Con-
gress to support the Executive in enforcing
the law. We do not want any contingency of
that kind to again occur. If it doe3 not come
again for fifty years this law should remain
Jpon the statute-book, so that Congress can
oe here for the emergency. If it does not
occur, Congress can meet and at once adjourn.
At any rate, it is only right that the legisl ali ve
branch of the Government should be organ-
ized. 5
The power of the people rests in Congress
more than in any other branch of the Govern-
ment. W e have, in my judgment, been depend-
ing too much on the other branches of the Gov-
ernment. I hope to see the day when men will
cease to talk about coordinate powers of the
Government. There is but one great power,
and that is the power of the people. The judi-
ciary and Executive are mere servants of
the people. The voice of the people is only
and truly expressed in the Congress of the Qni-
ted States; and as a matter of policy I will
favor any law which will take power from the
Executive and lodge it in the hands of the peo-
ple's representatives. It is the only constitu-
tional means by which the people can express
their will and exert their power. The policy
of the Government should originate with the
people, not with the Executive, and the great
legislative power should not for one moment
wait for any dictation or direction from auy
quarter but from the people.
Mr. L. MYERS. Desiring to have a vote
directly 011 the section under consideration,
and hoping it may be deferred, I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BlNGHAM. Let the amendment of
the Senate be read again.
The Clerk read the amendment of the Senate,
as follows:
Sr.c. 35. That the act approved January 22, A. D.
1867, entitled " An act to fix the rime for the regular
meeting of Congress." be. and the same is hereby,
repealed after the adjournmentof the present session
of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. Have not the yeas and
nays been ordered on that section?
The SPEAKER. They have.
Mr. GAUFlELD, of Ohio. *1 renew the
amendment of the gentleman frotn Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. L. Mters,] that this section shall
not tate effect until after the expiration of the
Forty-Third Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say afew words in view
of some things said yesterday. My friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] spoke of my re-
marks on that occasion as having been made
in the interest of party. I thought my remarks
bore no such construction. I did not intend
that they should bear any such construction.
I see no reason why there should be any party
feeling about this matter. Everybody here
admits that at the time that provision became
a law a state of things existed which made
such a measure imperatively necessary as a
safeguard against great danger to the public
welfare. Out of such emergencies all the great
safeguards of liberty in England and in this
country were created and their necessity dem-
onstrated. But, sir, it has never been con-
sidered the part, of wisdom to break down the
barriers and safeguards thus erected as soon
as they had once served the immediate pur-
pose for which they were created.
It has been well said by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Coburs] if there were such
occasion once iu our history demanding the
passage of a law of this kind, it i3 wise on our
part to let it remain upon the statute-book to
meet any similar condition of things. There
is another fact which should not be forgotten.
We have all seen the tendency to aggregate
political power in the hands of the Senate.
The executive power has the right under the
Constitution to make appointments when the
nominations have been confirmed by the Senate.
He also has the right of making treaties, sub-
ject to the same conditions. Everybody knows
the tendency has been to enlarge-the power of
the Senate to dictate appointment%to dictate
treaties, and to enforce upon the Executive
whatever the Senate may desire to accomplish.
I say this without the least disrespect to the
Senate, but to point out a manifest tendency.
It is very natural that the Senate should
desire to have the House out of the way. They
are always organized, they always sit on the
4'h of March, they regulate their own times
for meeting for executive business without the
consent of the House. It is not surprising,
therefore, that they wish to ba left alone in
the management of the great powers which
are intrusted to them by the Constitution, mid
which they have so much broadened doting
the last four years. It docs seem to me. how-
Lever, to be very reasonable that the House
"of liepresenbatives should consent to ignore
its own existence, allowing the Senate the
right to live on, in common with all the other
Departments of the Government, in contin-
uous organized existence.
I have been reading over the debate which
took place in the Thirty Ninth Congress when
the bill passed, and I fail to find in 1 he 11.1-
sons given by the gentleman ftotn Mitisc
eliusetts [Mr. Dawes] or by any othi*r gentle-
man of the House those special party grounds
for enacting this law which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] referred to yes-
terday as the wetl-knoWii reasons for p-tssiag
the law.
Ou the contrary, it was said, over and over
again in that debate, that this was the only
branch of the Government that had not a con-
tinuous oiganized life; and that in the early-
days when our fathers did not hold a session
011 the 4th of Marcli they were continui.liy
changing the time of the meeting to meet the
public wants; that they changed it to ihe month
of July, and once even earlier. It was by no
means an uninterrupted precedent of the Gov-
ernment that the House should suffer a nine,
eight, or six months' intermission^^ legisla-
tive life. When the number of StsiR so
small and the legislative work of Congrets was
easily done, they did not need the amount of
time occupied in sessions of Congress that we
need now. But now we are grown to thirty-
seven States, and there are at least six times
as many legislative duties thrown upon Con-
gress to-day as devolved upon the Congress
of 1800. There is no reason therefore why the
short time spent in sessions of Congress in
those days ought to be our guide to the rule
we should adopt now.
Another thing, Mr. Speaker, and with that
I leave the case.- 1 do not think that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes J can
very consistently put hiinselt on the record a'
voting for an agreement with this section when
he has made such eloquent and powerful ap-
peals against all amendments which changed
the law. How many amendments have we
not ruled out, which were full of merit, solely
because they chauged the law ? In regard to
every other amendment that came from the
Senate which changed the law the gentleman
has considered it a sufficient objecdoii to it
that it did change the law. He did not want
that kind of legislation. He protested against
it as leading Congress into bad habits Bat
his course is different here. We shall have
the whole of the next winter and the whole of
the short session following to repeal this law
of Congress. But now, in this snort se.-sio:i.
in violation of all the rules which the gentle-
man himself has laid down in the management
of this bill, he proposes to join the gem Se-
men on the other side, who, from the fiivt. did
not like this law, in their effort to repeal it,
urging it as if it were a matter of such pressing
importance that it should be done now. 1 hope
nothing of the kind will be done. This law is
one of the valuable results of experience, and
should stand as a monument of a past danger
and a security for the future.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment. 1 suppose it is not
intended to be seriously pressed, but that we
shall deal directly with the Senate amendment.
I voted in the committee to coucur with the
Senate in the repeal of this law for two reasons.
I thought if this House intended to repeal this
law at any time during this Congress, this, per-
haps, would be the only opportunity we would
have. The Senate has agreed to repeal it,
and if we acquiesce, it is repealed. *0n the
other hand, if we refuse to acquiesce now, and
hereafter shall attempt to repeal it, the Senate
can very well say, "You refused to agree with
