1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
us when we offered to repeal this law," and
they will then refuse to do it; so that, If we
ever intend to do it, now is the favorable time.
I voted in committee to concur for another
reason: I thought the law ought to be re-
pealed. Of course the next Congress will be-
Democratic; nobody doubts that. [Laughter.]
There will be a great many new members,
and if we meet on the 4th of March, 1873, our
Speaker will labor under the same difficulty
that the Speaker of this House is laboring
under; we cannot have our regular committees
appointed and will not beo.ble to do any busi-
ness in the regular way. It is better, therefore,
that we should not meet at all until the follow-
ing TJuoember, accordingto the old rule, when
all the excitement of party politics shall have
passed away. If any exigencies shall arise
requiring us to rm:et, the President can call
Congress together, for of course we will have
aDemocraticPresidenttodothat. Butwhether
we have or not, if any exigencies shall arise
Congress can b^ called together. On two out
of the three occasions when we have had a
spring session they have been carried on with-
out any committees of the House being ap-
pointed, or only sueh committees as might be
patched up for the occasion, at an immense
expense to the country, and, in my judgment,
doing no good to either party. It is for these
reasons that I think we ought now to repeal
the law altogether.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will with-
draw the amendment to the amendment, in
order that some member may renew it who
desires to address the House.
Air. BANKS. I renew the amendment to
the amendment for the purpose of saying that
I think there are very strong reasons, the
strongest reasons, for the repeal of this statute,
and, in myjudgment, none whatever for its
continuance as it, now stands. The first objec-
tion 1 should make to the statute is that it calls
upon us to oi'ganize the House of Represent-
atives in the beginning of an Administra-
tion, before we know what the policy of that
Administration will be. We will be required
to organize the House without having that
knowledge, and as likely as not we may have
a:i organization which will operate in favor
of that to which the House might otherwise be
opposed, and against that which the House
would desire to support.
Now, sir, in my judgment, there is nothing
so important connected with the organization
of the House as to know what is to be the
policy of the Administration under which the
Government is to be conducted, so that we may
oppose it or support it as we may choose. Bat
if we organize on the 4th of March, before the
Administration shall have developed its policy,
of course we must organize without any ref-
erence whatever to that policy, and without
being able to control the action of the House,
so far as its organization is concerned, as we
might desire to do should the policy of the
Government be first made known to us.
There is another reason for the repeal of
this statute, lievery Congress will be com-
posed of more than one third or one quarter
of members reelected from the preceding Con-
gress. Those members are here for three or
lour months before the new Congress meets;
they have the power in their own hands to
perpetuate their influence and control. And
those who may come from distant portions of
the country, strange to the proceedings of the
House and to its members, being attacked
one by one by this organized corps here, will
be inevitably drawn in to the support of that
policy which is desired by the members who
may bo reflected. Thus there will be perpet-
uated the nucleus of a coterie which exists here.
And iti that way those changes which may be
made by the people m the representative ele-
ment of this House will be rendered altogether
ineffective so far as the organization of the
House is concerned, because that organization
will be fixed and controlled beyond change by
the members who may be reelected from the
former House.
This, so far as the House is concerned, is
exactly what the old presidential caucus system
was in regard to nominations for the Pres-
idency. That system existed for twenty-five
or thirty years, and was at last broken up by
the people because it precluded the honest
judgment of the people in the selection of
candidates for that high office. Therefore I
say, that, in my judgment, this practice of
having a meeting of Congress immediately
succeeding the close of an old Congress, to
begin at twelve o'clock, or even two o'clock
on the 4th of March, precludes the possibility
of the members newly elected exercising such
an influence upon the organization of the House
as they would be entitled to do. For that
reason, therefore, I am in favor of this amend-
ment of the Senate.
Now, what are the reasons urged in favor
of the continuance of this law? The assump-
tion is that somebody is going to breakup the
Government, and that the House of Represent-
atives must be in continuous session in order
to prevent it. I do not think the reason is a
good one ; nor do I believe we are justified in
making such an assumption. But, sir, if there
be anybody disposed to break up the Govern-
ment, it is not in the power of this House to
prevent it. Sir, the Government exists by the
consent of its different branches and by the
consent of the people. If any one of these
different branches refuses to execute the law
it may thus bring the Government to a termin-
ation and it is not in the power of this House
to prevent it. Suppose the Senate refuses to
meet us to count the electoral ballots. Sup-
pose the electors refuso to cast their votes.
Suppose that when they meet here in conven-
tion they disagree in regard to the counting
of the votes, as they have done once or twice,
it is not in the power of the House of Repre-
sentatives to avert such contingencies. Sup-
pose, as the honorable gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] assumed yesterday, there
should be no election by the people, and Con-
gress should be called upon to make an elec-
tion ; is it not quite possible for Congress, if
they find a difficulty in choosing a President,
to make a law under which the new Congress
shall come together at any moment which may
bo deemed desirable? But suppose they do
not pass any such law; is it not possible in
such a case as that for any member or number
of members, or any officer of the Government,
to call the House of Representatives together
on their own account?
We all remember the time when this House
was disorganized for three weeks, and when
the Clerk of the House refused to put a mo-
tion—when, so far as the law was concerned,
it was impossible to organize the House or to
continue the operations of the Government.
Yet in that emergency an old and honored Rep-
resentative from the State of Massachusetts
stood up in his place, and, of his own right,
proposed a motion for the organization of the
House, which, being assented to by the body,
became effectual.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to ask
the gentleman whether he wishes to be under-
stood as saying that members of Congress
could call the House together on their own
motion ?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly I say it.
Mr. GAIIFIELD, ol Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman mean to say that members of Congress
themselves could call a session, and that it
would be a lawful meeting of Congress ?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir; in the extreme
case which gentlemen suppose, when the pres-
idential office is vacant and the vice-presiden-
tial office is vacant, when there is no President
of the Senate and no Speaker of the House,
I say that members of this House can issue an
order to each other to meet on a certain day,
in concurrence with the Senate, in order to
prevent the interregnum which would other-
wise exist. I do not mean to say by any means
that this would be a regular and proper course
on ordinary occasions ; but if gentlemen sup-
pose extraordinary and impossible emergencies
we have a right to suppose a resort to every
reasonable and proper course, though out of
the usual order, to prevent the injury which
would follow. There need be no difficulty
from that source.
At any rate, we have no right to assume that
anybody is going to break up the Government,
and that, therefore, it is necessary for Congress
to meet here at a time when it is impossible
for the Representatives of the people to make
such an organization as will put in their power
the means of exercising the influence to which
they have a right.
I hope, sir, that this law will be repealed,
and that we shall not be called upon to meet
here on the 4lh of March every second year, as
we have now done two or three times, sit-
ting from two to six weeks, without our proper-
power to propose measures and without power
to resist those that may be forced upon us by
the Senate—an imperfect, incomplete, and
powerless House, assuming to act for the peo-
ple without any of those organized influences
which should be in operation. If we are to
have an organization, let us have it complete
and perfect; and this can only be attained, as
we have seen after many experiments, and as
yon, Mr. Speaker, have recognized, by a post-
ponement of the organization until such time
as will allow members of the House the oppor-
tunity and the means of forming a deliberate
judgment upon what it may be desirable to do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. Who can doubt that there
have been many occasions in the past, as there
will be many occasions in the future, when the
safety of the country or of large numbers of
! its citizens will require the existence of a
House of Representatives organized and ready
for instant action between the 4th of March
and the first Monday of the following Decem-
ber? Now, sir, to leave this power to the
President of calling an extra session of Con-
gress, and providing by law that there shall be
no session unless an extra session shall be
called by the President of the United States,
leaves it in the power of the Executive of the
Government to say whether the Representa-
I tives of the people shall have the power to
apply the remedy of law if required by any
grave emergency. When such emergency ex-
ists, even if Congress is called,together by the
President, no action can be inaugurated until
the House has organized. Now, the history of
my colleague who has just addressed the House
is itself an instance of the difficulty which may
arise in electing a Speaker. For nine or ten
weeks in an important period of our history
this House was without organization in conse-
I quence of that difficulty. On another occa-
sion for thirty or forty days the Clerk of this
House could not even put the question to a vote
for a preliminary organization of the House.
Mr. FAUNSWORTH rose.
i Mr. HOAR. I cannot yield, for I have not
: the time. We ought upon the incoming of a
! new administration to have the House of Rep-
i resentatives organized and ready for work,
i The power to declare war is vested in this
i House, and upon its instant exercise may de-
I pend tiie national safety or dignity. The his-
tory of the last two years shows how neccssary
has been a meeting of CoDgress on the 4th ot
March. Two years ago an Indian war was
averted upon our frontiers by the passage of
an Indian appropriation bill at that first ses-
>! sion. Two years ago we were enabled to pre-
II vent the public credit of the country being im-
|j paired, by a declaratory law -which we passed
!> at that first session, held under the law which
it is now proposed to repeal. This very year
:j we have passed a law, by a majority vote of
this House, which is necessary for the safety
of the lives and property of a large number oi
our citizens.
