1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
Bays that there is no statement m the Globe
as to what that particular business was. Every-
body, however, knew what it was ; we wanted
a session in the spring, and therefore we ordered
it. Two years ago we did not need a session,
but we still assembled in the spring under the
law and had a session for organization only,
some little business incidentally being trans-
acted.
Mr. HOAR. Did it not save us from an
Indian war?
Mr. SCOFIELD. All that legislation could
have been agreed to before the 4th of March
had it not been known that there was to be a
session to commence on the 4th of March.
All those who wanted to remain here in Wash-
ington and keep up an agitation all the time,
of couise were in favor of postponing all legis-
lation until after the 4th of March in order to
compel a session at that time. And so it is
now. This, the present session, is not a ses-
sion for business, and was not so designed.
It is simply a session for a partial organization
of the House. The principal business of the
session, Mr. Speaker, was the election of
yourself and the appointment of one or two
committees. All the rest of the selections of
this House, that of Clerk, Doorkeeper, and
Sergeant-at-Arms, are of very little account
in the legislation of the country. The selec-
tion of the Speaker and the organization of
the committees control the legislation of this
House iu a great measure. But all we have
now done is to select the Speaker, and that
might as well have been done next fall as now.
Now, why was not this law repealed at the
last Congress ? Gentlemen say that it will be
time enough to repeal it at the next session
of Congress. But, sir, let me tell them that it
will not be done then, and I will tell you why.
When at the next session of Congress mem-
bers shall see a lot of new men elected for the
succeeding Congress, the old members will
desire to select the Speaker and organize the
committees for the new House, and therefore
they will not repeal the law then. And such
was the reason which influenced us at the last
session of Congress. We desired to select the
Speaker and the officers of this House. We
have done so, and a very good selection we
have made, too. At the next session of Con-
gress the old members will try to do the same
thing that we have done. Everybody will say
that they are in favor of repealing this law
until we begin to think about the organization
of the next House. Then we shall want to
keep the law in force in order to secure the
control of that organization. Yet gentlemen
get up and say it is because the great princi-
ples of constitutional liberty are at stake; and
they put that in the Globe, when they know
that the real reason is nothing of the kind ;
that the true question is just a little one of
organization.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DLJNNELL. Mr. Speaker, I am, for
one, earnestly and heartily in favor of the organ-
ization of Congress at the commencement of
its term. I believe there are very good rea-
sons in favor of continuing the law now in
force on this subject. Members of this House
are elected for but two years; they hold their
offices for only twenty four months. If we do
not organize until the first Monday of Decem-
ber three eighths of our term of service pass
before we have any real connection with the
Government as members of the House of Rep-
resentatives. We are during that period unac-
quainted with each other, unacquainted with
the practical administration of the Govern-
ment, unacquainted with the heads of the
Departments. We are practically unable to
t accomplish anything iu official matters until
we are a part and parcel of an organized House
of Representatives.
The new members of the present House will,
in my judgment, go away from this place and
return to their homes very much better fitted
to discharge next winter their official duties
than if they had not been brought here on the
5th of March. By our attendauce at this ses-
sion we have learned somewhat the processes
of legislation: we have become acquainted
with the Departments and with each other;
and we have thus, in my judgment, become
very much better fitted to enter upon our work
next December.
I insist, Mr. Speaker, that not only should
this House be organized at the beginning of
the congressional term by the election of a
Speaker, but that its working machinery should
be perfected by the appointment of committees.
Every member ought to know at the very com-
mencement of his term of service the nature
of the work which will be devolved upon him
as a member of the House, that he may be
enabled to prepare properly for that work and
at the December session discharge properly
his duties as a member of the House and as a
member of the committees to which he may
have been assigned. If we come here in De-
cember as entire strangers, we are unacquainted
with the business of Government.
Mr. Speaker, new members entering upon
their term of service have very much to do for
the benefit of their constituents. During the
last six weeks I have myself accomplished
more than I expect to accomplish for my con-,
stituents during any other six weeks of my
official term. I have, during these last few
weeks, been able to press the business which
interests my constituents; I have represented
that business in the different Departments;
and I have brought about results which I could
not have consummated if I had not been called
here to participate in the organization of this
House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] for whom I have very profound re-
spect, says that the organization of this House
should be postponed until December, in order
that we may learn the policy of the Adminis-
tration. Sir, I do not admit that the House
of Representatives ought to sit quietly by
waiting to see what is to be the policy of an
Administration. This House of Representa
tives is the body to declare policies if there is
to be any dictation anywhere. The Adminis-
tration must be shaped by this House rather
than this House be shaped by an Administra-
tion. I do not believe it is our duty as Repre-
sentatives of the people to sit here and allow
any Administration to control our votes and
our policy as a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that this law,
which has, in my judgment, proved so salutary,
which has thus far been attended with such
beneficent results, may be allowed to stand.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] said yesterday that this Government
of ours existed for seventy-five years without
any such law upon the statute-book. Would
to God that neither he nor I had any misgivings
as to the course of affairs during the next sev-
enty-five years! During that period great
perils may overtake this Government; we may
not have those days of serene peace which our
fathers had. Let us, then, permit this law to
stand, so that, at the opening of each congres-
sional term, the voice of the people may be
heard in this House of Representatives—the
bulwark now, as it has been in the past, of
American liberty and American institutions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I opposed the
enactment of this law originally, and I am now
in favor of its repeal without qualification. I
think it ought never to have been enacted.
Past experience of the country shows it was
never necessary. I believe, since its enact-
ment, no good has resulted from it. My judg-
ment is that all the dangers which gentlemen
are now torturing their imaginations to array
before the House the past experience of our
country conclusively shows are totally without
foundation, unreal, aud unimportant.
Through ninety years of our history we have
passed without any revolution resulting from
the non-assembling of Congress'. We have
had no serious danger from any such source;
and I cannot conceive in the future of our
country there can result from any such cause
any serious danger. We have passed through
our late revolution, we passed through the pre-
ceding crises which have overtaken the coun-
try, we have passed through intense parti-
san agitations and excitements, and have never
been overtaken by any of these terrible dan-
gers, or any dangers, either material or at all
formidable. I believe in all that part of the
suggestions made by gentlemen on this floor
there is nothing.
I think it is also true that every suggestion
which has been made in favor of the contin-
uance of this law, when carried to its logical
results, requires an absolutely perpetual ses-
sion of Congress, because the very danger
against which gentlemen desire to keep this
law in force may occur during the recess of
Congress, may occur when Congress is not in
session after its organization, as well as when
Congress is not in. session before, and is not
organized.
I am aware, sir, the tendency of things in
the country is toward the perpetuity of the
sessions of this body, and I wish to break up
that tendency. I wish to secure to the country
at least such assured peace and quiet, for at
least nine months, as it always enjoys in the
recess of Congress, if not more. The expe-
rience of the country in the past has been that
all our material interests, all our industrial
pursuits are better preserved, more regularly
carried on, and more prosperously conducted
when Congress is not in session than when
Congress is in session. I do not mean by that
to say that Congiess does not enact good and
wholesome laws many times—by no means as
many or as good as they should—but I simply
mean that it enacts too many laws irritating
and disturbing to the general and material
interests of the country. And I think, without
dropping a single partisan suggestion, that the
experience of the present session justifies the
opinion I have just expressed. I think, during
the weeks we have spent, we have done sub-
stantially no good for the country. We have
not even perfected the organization of the
House itself by the appointment of its com-
mittees.
I wish also to call the attention of gentle-
men to a further fact, of very great importance
to the interests of the country. When this
Congress assembled under the law we now
desire to repeal four States of this Union
could not be represented. They had not held
their elections to return Representatives to this
body. In the absence of representation from
those four States it is not by auy means un-
reasonable to assume that important laws may
be passed by the Congress of the United States
which could not be passed if the representa-
tion of the country had been full. I think it
is true that some bills have passed this session,
or at least some important amendments to
those bills, which could not have been passed
if all the States had been represented on this
floor.
It is important when Congress does assemble
that it shall be full, that all the States shall be
represented, that all parts of the country shall
have their voice heard in the enactment ot
laws and the determination of the policy of
the country.
I think besides, Mr. Speaker, that the very
existence of this March session is an induce-
ment to the preceding session of the outgoing
Congress to neglect many important duties
which but for the existence of this session
would not have been neglected. I believe, if
it had been known to the country and to the
House that this session would not convene,
the business of the country would have been
more closely attended to. In other words, the
very existence of this session is a temptation
