632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
to neglect duties which otherwise would be
attended to. Let us repeal it then, and go
back to the old way. The sessions of Con-
gress are too long, and their expense to the
country very excessive. They do not much
promote the public welfare or prosperity. The
very length of the sessions constantly tends to
encourage the Congress in indulging in all
sorts of unauthorized, unnecessary, and inter-
meddling legislation. It gives countenance
and hope to the lobbies and rings. It encour-
ages official idleness and procrastination. Let
us return to our old practice of meeting in
December.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to continue
the debate any longer. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Shaxks] wishes to address the
House. After that I will seek the floor for
the purpose of moving to close debate.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to ask the attention
of the House for a few moments to the remarks
just made by my colleague, [Mr. Kerb.] My
colleague tells us that the Government passed
safely though the late rebellion. He did not
tell us, however, how the Government passed
safely through the late rebellion. James Bu-
chanan, the President-elect of the Democratic
party, was President at the time the rebellion
commenced, and if he had been reelected, or
if a man holding his views had been elected,
we would not have passed safely through the
rebellion. His message of December, 1860,
announcing his inability to save the Govern-
ment and the inexpediency of the attempt is
the best proof of this fact.
I was a member of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress. We met in special session on July 4,
1861. We met on the call of Abraham Lin-
coln, President; and I say if that one man had
not called that Congress together we would
not have passed safely through the rebellion.
And if that Congress when it came together,
unorganized as it was, had been full, that is,
if the seats upon the other side of the House
had been occupied, as they might have been
but for the voluntary absence of members, the
enemies of the country, it would have taken
us longer to organize the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress than it did to organize the Congress which
elected the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] to be Speaker.
There is no way of raising money for carry-
ing on this Government, either in peace or war,
except through the Houses of Congress. And
if, as in the emergency of 1861, or others that
may occur, the President does not call Con-
gress together, there is no means of saving the
Republic. The case I have referred to was
clearly one where we would have perished as
a nation had it not been for the fact that there
was one man elected President by the people
who, unlike his predecessor, believed in the
power of toe people to save the Government
and was willing to call Congress together, being
in his devotion to the country the very coun-
terpart of those who had preceded him. And
for this reason only the people were enabled,
through the laws passed by their Representa-
tives, to carry the Government safely through
the rebellion of the party that now clamors
for the one man power again.
There is another matter to which I desire to
refer in this connection. The Congress of the
United States had to make valid that which
the President was compelled to do under the
emergencies which therebellion, in the absence
of Congress, brought upon him.
My colleague said, as a further reason for
repeal, that the States ought all to be repre-
sented here. Sir, they are their own judges of
■that. I do not understand that the whole inter-
ests of the United States are to be brought to a
stand-still until the Legislatures of some five
States can wake up, arfter eighty years of expe-
rience, to the important necessity of having
their members of Congress elected when Con
gress meets, or may meet, at the commence-
ment of the regular terik Why, sir, if the
President were to call Congress together at the
beginning of the term on the 4th of March,
those States would not be represented. Some
of them elect in the fall of the year. There is
no power to have a State represented, except
by its own will to elect its members in time for
duty. This Congress cannot wait until the
Legislature of a State shall take that action.
It is their duty to be prepared. I think, there-
fore, there is no force whatever in that part of
his argument. Sir, suppose all States were
that careless; there would be no members to
call together in an emergency.
But, sir, it would be a matter of surprise to
me, if it were not that the history of the Dem-
ocratic party of the past tea years takes away
that surprise, that gentlemen on the other side
should take this course if they intend to go
straight forward in managing this Government
according to the teachings of the old Dem-
ocratic party. I want to know with what pro-
priety they stand upon this floor and ask to
have placed back into the hands of one man
the power which, by the law, is now in the
hands of the -Representatives of the people?
How is it that men who claim to be the pro-
tectors of the liberties of the people want to
place in the hands of one man power which is
now held by the people themselves, and this
at the commencement of a new Congress, the
members of which are coming fresh from the
people? If that is Democratic doctrine, as
promulgated by my colleague, I want it to go
back to my State as such; but I cannot sit here
and listen to the proclamation of that doctrine
without saying, as a .Republican, that I prefer
that the power of this Government should rest
with the Representatives of the people instead
of with one man, with Congress not only not
organized, but its temper untried as to its organ-
ization.
I wish now to express my dissent from a
statementmade by my eloquentand able friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] with whom
I do not often differ, as to the right of the
Executive to make a policy for this country.
Sir, the Congress of this country must make
its policy, and the Executive should only exe-
cute that policy. We have had quite enough
of presidential policy under Pierce, Buchanan,
and Johnson to make cautious men refrain
from its continuance.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Shanks] will allow me to saythat I have
uttered no such sentiment as that.
Mr. SHANKS. I am very glad to hear the
gentleman say so. I am pleased if I misun-
derstood him; I did not want to believe he
said so.
Mr. BANKS. I say that it is not wise for
us to organize the House at a time when we
send to the President for what he may have to
tell us, and he returns the reply that he has
nothing to say.
Mr. SHANKS. I am very glad the gentle-
man has made that explanation. I think,
however, the Administration will quite as well
understand its business should the House be
organized at the commencement of its term.
But what I want to say now is that the mem-
bers of the House, coming as they do directly
from the people, will naturally be expected
by the Administration to understand the wants
of the people better than the President him-
self. i think the President can obtain a great
deal of information from the two hundred and
forty-odd members of the House, representing
as they do the whole country.
Presidents and other public officials have
not considered it lost time to converse with
the people's representatives as they come up
from them with their instructions and a knowl-
edge of their wishes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to allow
me to say a few words on this subject.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to cut short
this debate unnecessarily, bat I think it has
gone on long enough. However, I will yield
for the present.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iflhad heard no remarks
upon this question save those which fell from
the lips of the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] who has addressed
the House to-day, I would have been convinced
from what he said that this law ought not to be
repealed. I say that with all respect for the
honorable gentleman. The House could not
fail to have observed from his remarks that in
great public exigencies it is absolutely neces-
sary that the Congress of the United States
should be organized. The gentleman's remarks
proceed upon that hypothesis.
He referred to the memorable case of the
contest arising over the delegation from the
State of New Jersey. He referred to the ease
of the Clerk of the House, who ex officio was its
Presiding Officer, and who refused to put to a
vote of the House a question which had been
submitted by a member. He referred to the
action of the venerable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, John Quincy Adams, who appealed
to the House, and the House had the good
sense to sustain him in asserting the rights of
the people against a recusant Clerk. And in all
this the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Basks] acknowledged to this House that the
organization of the legislative department was
essential to the public safety.
Now, one word more. The gentleman found
that the authority lor the action of the vener-
able statesman from Massachusetts was really
in the text of the Constitution in the words
"each House may determine the rules of its
proceedings." It was not in the power of that
Clerk to arrest the action of the House for one
moment under the very letter of the Constitu-
tion of the country. And no man in the coun-
try knew it better than the venerable member
from Massachusetts who made that motion.
But under the Constitution of the United
States, unaided by Congress, without a law of
Congress, and by an unorganized House, in
the case cited by the gentleman, Congress can
only meet on the first Monday in December
of every year, unless by a law of Congress,
not by an order of either House, it shall be
otherwise provided.
Now, I appeal to the House, not as Demo-
crats, not as Republicans, but standing in the
light of the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] of the necessity
of an organization of the legislative branch of
the Government, to continue this law in force.
Gentlemen can well enough understand that,
however patriotic the President for the time
being may be, there may be a condition of
things that would make it impossible for hiin
to call the two Houses of Congress together ;
as, for example, in the case of a sudden ill-
ness, when it may be impossible for the Pres-
ident or for the one who under the Constitu-
tion is his immediate successor during the time
of the temporary disability, to call Congress
together.
Now, when you have an organized Congress,
you can provide by law, as you did oner be-
fore, for its convention upon the call of its own
officials, after taking a recess or adjourning,
without the intervention of the President or
anybody else. But until you have such a law
Congress cannot be convened, save upon the
call of the President of the United States, ex-
ceptor! the first Monday of December of each
year, for that is the express language of the
Constitution itself.
As I said before nobody desires to see the
Congress in perpetual session unless the pub-
lic exigencies require it. But 1 do desire to
see an end put to these attempts to suspend
the legislative branch of this Government, so
that the people can have no opportunity to ^
speak. That endeavor has never been made
since this law was passed, and 1 venture to say
that it will never be made as long as the law
stands, for it gives the people full opportunity
to speak in every county, district, and State of
