1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
the Union between the 4th day of March and
the first Monday of the December following.
Public opinion is at last the safeguard and
security of the nation ; and, as I intimated yes-
terday, any such factious organizations as those
to which I have referred, and which have twice
occurred in or.r history within the last ten or
twelve years, would disappear at once before
the expressed voice of the people. There is
no way in which the people can speak so effi-
ciently and so universally as through the bal-
lot. It is in vain for gentlemen to say that
there would be in four or five States elections
during the intervening period. There would
■within that time be elections in ail the States.
Sir, in the presence of such a conspiracy as that
which has twice before suspended by the act of
a few persons the organization of this House
for months, do you suppose that the people iu
any State of the Union, of any party, Repub-
lican or Democratic, would fail to make it a
direct issue at the polls that no man should be
assigned to any office of trust or profit by
their consent who was not openly, decidedly,
directly, and unequivocally pledged against all
such levolutionary proceedings?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I owe au apologyto my dis-
tinguished Iriend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
for attributing to him in his remarks ofyes-
terday a disposition to advocate legislation with
a view to advancing the interests of party. He
has disavowed any such intention. The only
reason I supposed that such was his meaning
was because he said he could understand very
well why gentlemen on tbe other side of the
House would favor the repeal of this law, but
was astonished that any one on this side should
do so. From that remark I supposed there
was a disposition on his part to make this a
party question. My colleague [Mr. Butler]
who spoke yesterday openly avowed this to be
his purpose, but that did not surprise me any
more than it surprised me when I found him
yesterday opposed to the repeal of this law
after having been very much wrought up be-
cause the Judiciary Committee, of which he
was a member, changed front during last ses-
sion from a unanimous disposition in favor
of repeal to a disposition against it. My col-
league, unfortunately, is of such a turn ot mind
that he can neither cooperate harmoniously
nor differ amicably. He has more than once,
here and elsewhere, invited those who differ
with him to go home to their constituents. I
do not propose, Mr. Speaker, to arrogate to
myself auy such mission, or to acknowledge
it when assumed by any one else.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, as I did yesterday,
notwithstanding my colleague's appeal to the
House, that thissession has been a mistake and
will be pronounced such by the ultimate ver-
dict ot' ihe people. Oa this point, ot course,
my colleague differs with me, as he has a right
to do. My opinion is that, atter the work ot
this session is finished, we shall have more to
repent of than to boast of. If anything has
transpired within the last few days to induce
the people to forgive us either for our dissen-
sions and wranglings here (of which it is
strange to me that anybody can boast) or for
those deep wounds inflicted at tbe other end
of the Capitol—wounds which are the more
dangerous because they bleed internally 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And eternally.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. It may be eternally. I say
that if anything has transpired within the last
week or two to lead the people on the whole
to forgive us, it is rather because moderate
counsels have found their utterance in our
legislation instead of those extreme measures
which rendered this session ol Congress a
necessity. And but for the fact that the ses-
sion lias thus been rescued by moderate men
from the hands of those who were inflicting
the wounds of which I speak, but lor the fact
that we have succeeded in embodying in our
legislation that moderation which always com-
mends itself ultimately to the candid judgment
of the people, thissession would have been an
unmitigated evil and would have' been so pro-
nounced by the verdict of our constituents.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
on my left yesterday urged that this repeal
ought not to prevail, but that this session of
the 4th of March be continued, for this reason:
it was that he had been a member of two rev-
olutionary Congresses, the peril to the country
of which was so alarming that the remedy and
the only salvation of the country was that the
evils which existed in those Congresses should
have commenced on the 4th of March rather
than on the first Monday in December. What
were they? He states that the two parties were
so divided in both of those Congresses that it
took six or eight weeks to choose a Speaker.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman does not
state my position correctly. I want the peo
pie to have as much time as the conspirators.
Mr. DAWES. Do not interrupt me now.
No matter what they represented, they were
so divided in the House of Representatives
that it took six or eight weeks to elect a
Speaker ; and if those six or eight weeks had
only commenced on the 4ih of March instead
of on the first Monday in December, then the
country would have been safe, and that serene
peace which my friend from Minnesota [Mr.
Dunxell] spoke of as so desirable in the future
would have obtained over those memorable
days and all difficulty would have passed away.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. DAWES. One word more, and I will
be done. The gentleman from Ohio on my
right, this morning urged 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
object to my colleague going on if I can have
the privilege of saying something in reply.
Mr. DAWES. I have only a word or two
more to say.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
wish to say one word after the gentleman gets
through.
Mr. NIBLACK. Of course there will be
no objection to the gentleman's being heard.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
on my right [Mr. Garfield] urged anewrea-
son for it, and that was that it was necessary
for us to have a session of Congress begin-
ning on the 4th of March onward. A peipet-
ual session was the gentleman's argument;
and why? He urged it for two reasons, the
first of which was to prevent all encroachments
in the Senate upon the liberties of the people.
Mr. L. METERS. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. DAWES. Wait for a moment. His
argument was that the law which originated
to protect the people against the encroach-
ments of the Executive must be continued to
protect the people against the encroachments
of the Senate. He opposes this repeal, and
he seemed to believe that all gentlemen must
understand the reason why it is necessary for
the people's Representatives to remain here
in constant session to protect the people against
tbe encroachments of the Senate. The_ gen-
tleman disavows any party affiliation or inter-
est in this position taken by him, and there-
fore I cannot say as to it that it is to be put
forth as Republican doctrine that in this coun-
try there lias come to be such mutual dis-
trust between three coordinate branches of the
Government, the Executive, the Senate, and
the House of Representatives, that the House
of Representatives must resolve itself into a
perpetual session in order to prevent encroach-
ments by either upon the liberties of the
people.
Mr. HO All. I hope my colleague will yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot yield just at this
moment. -I am now referring to what was said
by the gentleman from Ohio, to my right. I
will come to my colleague iu a moment. I
have a note here of the ground he took.
Mr. HOAR. I wish merely to ask my col-
league a question.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague must excuse
me just now. The gentleman from Ohio states,
as another reason why the House of Represent-
atives should he resolved into a body to be in
perpetual existence, that this country has grown
to such an extent, that its imerests have so
multiplied, become so complicated and con-
fused, that it is necessary lor Congress to sit
now as it did not during our previous history,
before the first Monday of December; and that
hereafter Congress is to be perpetually iu ses-
sion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a suggestion to the'gentleman from Massachu-
setts. If he will remember, when we organized
on the first Monday in December, during the
last Congress before this law was enacted,
the Committee of Ways and Means was not
able to introduce a general tariff bill for five
months after the organization of ihat Congress.
Tbe Senate have authorized its Committee on
Finance at this session to sit during the recess
in order to piepare a general tariff measure for
the whole country, to be presented at as meet-
ing next December.
Mr. DAWES. Am I to understand my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] as meaning
that we on this side of the House must say
to the country that we cannot get through with
the business of the country in the ordinary
time?
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire the gentleman
from Massachusetts to answer a question. I
would like to know 
Mr. DAW ES. Before I yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] for a
ques'ion 1 want to show my Iriend tiom Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] that if we have this additional
session it is either because we can not get through
the business of the country iu the ordinary
time, or because we cannot proiect the people
against the encroachments of the Executive
unless we sit here all the time. For if we
adjourn, Mr. Speaker, we cannotcome together
unless the Executive calls us. And therefore,
in order to keep watch and guard over the
Executive, we must be here constantly. Nor
can the Senate sit perpetually. It is only when
the Senate and the Executive join hands in en-
croachments on the liberties of the people that
they are a perpetual body, because they can-
not come together without a proclamation. And
1 am surprised that my friend, after the admin-
istration of affairs has been for ten years iu th e
hands of his party, should feel himselt impelle !
to proclaim to the people of this country that
the only salvation of the liberties of the coun-
try is in having a perpetual session of Congress.
[Here the hammer tell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawcs] to answer
the question winch 1 was about to propose to
him a short time ago.
Mr. DAWES. 1 have not the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. L. MYERS. I understood the gentle-
man to promise to answer my question belore
he yielded the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call the-atteniiou ot the House to a word or
two that has fallen trom my colleague [Mr.
Dawes] on this question. My colleague .hinlss
that we shall have occasion to repent of our
action during this short session. _ 1 agree with
him iully. There are men who will have occa-
sion to repent of what has been done or at-
tempted to be left undone in this short session.
But'l want to call the attention of the House
to the fact that nobody who votes with me ever
has auy occasion to repent. [Laughter.] We
never have to get up and make any explana-
tions. We are always satisfied witli our votes,
and never have to take the back Hack and
apologize for what we have done, for tear ot
the people. If not always in the right, we arc
always progressive.
