634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Now, sir, I have said no harsh word of the
Senate, nor have I said a harsh word of any-
body else. I am told that extreme counsels
would have prevailed if moderate men had not
intervened. I agree, sir, that some moderate
men, very moderate men, came into oar coun-
sels. But what has been done more moderate
in its character than I proposed to do? Noth-
ing whatever. Certain gentlemen have got
measures a little differently worded, but not a
bit more moderate than auy measure I have
proposed ; not so moderate, in fact. That is
all. The trouble is that the moderate men
determined in their own minds that nothing
should be done at this session for the safety
of the country, but they have been brought to
see the right and do better.
Now, sir, i know of nobody that has said a
harsher thing of the Senate than was said by
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations when he used the language which I
shall now read:
" They [the Senate] thereupon passed a resolution
(I suppose it is not unparliamentary for me to alluue
to it) that they would at this session transact only
two items of business—pass this bill and also a bill
in reference to southern outrages. They then turned
round and made this bill a cab in which they placed
all the independent legislation that any member of
the Senate could impress the majority of that body
into voting for and putting into it. So that the bill
comes back here with not only those proper amend-
ments designed to supply omissions of the last Con-
gress, such as I have alluded to, but also defeated
jobs andschemesof the last Congress and those new
ones which time and opportunity have enabled
foriios to bring forward ami pat into ttiis bill. The
ill in fact carries along with it the independent
legislation of the other branch of Congress for the
period of sis weeks."
Well, now, if that is not an arraignment
of the Senate, I do not know what is; and if
the Senate is called together as they always
are immediately after the 4th of March, and
are always then in session, a very mischievous
session they may make of it if this description
of them is correct.
A .Member. They meet for executive busi-
ness only.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A friend
near me says " for executive business." Well,
sir, what was their executive business three
years ago after the President got rid of us of
the House, and we went away? The Senate
were called together and ratified the Alaska
treaty, by which we bought more icebergs than
were ever bought before or ever will be bought
again. They pledged the Government to the
expenditure ot more than seven millions of
our money. But if that was all I should
hardly have said a word about it. But they
also entailed upon this Government, for years
to come, an expenditure of millions of money
for the purpose of taking care of that territory
of icebergs. The Senate claimed the power,
with the Executive, by treaty to abrogate every
revenue law of this country at pleasure, and
to appropriate just as much money as they
pleased for the acquisition of any territory or
any other purpose by treaty.
And what may be the casenow ? Why, sir, the
very moment that we leave here—I say this to
gentlemen who are so troubled and have such
misgivings about San Domingo—it will be in
the power of the President, when the House
of Representatives cannot put in their voice in
any way, either by resolution or otherwise, to
call the Senate together and have San Domingo
brought into the Union, although every mem-
ber of the House may be opposed to it. And
then we shall be told, as we were told in the
Alaska case, that the plighted faith of the nation
must be sustained, and that we are obliged to
vote the appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. How could we stop it if wc
were here?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How?
Very easily, in this way: the Senate is like
every other body, statesmen or politicians.
When the .House speaks the voice of the
people and are here to give expression fo that
voice, from that moment the Senate will take
care how they act under this responsibility to
the people. But when we are not beie, there
is no warning voice of the people; Senators
are not the Representatives of the people;
they are removed from them for six years.
The genius of this Government, the under-
standing of our fathers, was not that the Ex-
ecutive and the Senate should alone control
our legislation. Bat. in these latter days this
legislation by treaties, involving the expendi-
ture of millions of dollars by so-called treaties
with Indians, pledging the faith of the Gov-
ernment for millions everywhere—this legisla-
tion has come in vogue, and we cannot pre-
vent it when we are not here.
When we are here we can prevent it by pass-
ing a resolution, contemporaneous with the
attempted ratification of the treaty, declaring
that the House will not be bound by the pro-
visions to appropriate any money for its pur-
poses. And whoever shall then undertake to
enter into such schemes will go into the nego-
tiations with that warning and understanding,
the notice from the House. That i3 what the
House of Representatives did substantially in
reference to the Jay treaty, in the time of
Washington. They remained here and for
three weeks debated the question whether or
not they were bound by that treaty. They
only yielded at last because the treaty was
made under the high behests of their Pres-
ident, and because of the great consideration
which they had for George Washington; but
the House then gave notice of their right to
be consulted.
I say again that while I do not impute any
motives to the Senate except motive that all
men have who possess a long lease of power,
to magnify their power, I say it is but natural
that they should grasp and retain all the power
they can. Let me give you an instance of it.
We in this House were lools enough to pass
the tenure-of-civil office act, which makes the
Senators the entire arbiters of the offices of
this country. And although this House has
since voted to repeal that law, by 12o to 10,
you cannot even get the Senate to do you ,
the honor to consider the proposition, because
if carried it would take away the powers they
have got from the House and President by
the teuure-of-office act. I have no word
to say against them personally; I say they
acted as all other men act when they have a
long lease of office and great power in their
hands.
Each member of that body looks to himself
as at least theseventy-fourth part of the adminis-
tration of this great country, so far as appoint-
ments to office are concerned. And they have
got matters so arranged that they have in their
hands thecontrol of every office of the country.
And should you go away to-day, and leave
thetn in session under a call of the Executive,
every office iti the country may be, will be
of necessity, distributed at their wish, because
they hoid control,and their will must be the
law to the Executive. That is a small matter,
1 grant; and they may control it a great deal
better than we could do ourselves, but still the
power should be with the Representatives of
the people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move that all debate upon
the pending amendment be now closed.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make this repeal go into effect
after the close ot the Forty-Fourth Congress,
and upon that amendment I desire to be heard
for a moment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has submitted a
motion to close all debate upon the pending
amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to speak upon the
amendment to the amendment that I have
ottered.
The SPEAKER. Should debate.upon the
pending amendment be closed, that would
close a1' !j®kate uPon any amendment thereto.
Mr. LYlsCH. I moved my amendment
before any vote was taken upon the motion to
close debiite.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can pro-
ceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not desire to speak
unless I am in order.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is in
order: but it is not debatable till the House
has decided whether it will agree to the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] to close debate.
Mr. N1BLACK. I raise the point of order
that the original proposition is an amendment
of the Senate to the bill, and that, while we
can concur in the amendment with an amend-
ment, a further amendment would be an
amendment, in the third degree.
The SPEAKER. Still that does not con-
fuse the position of the question.
The motion of Mr. Dawes, to close debate
on the pending amendment of the Senate and
the amendments thereto, was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw that amendment.
I only offered ic for the purpose of submitting
some remarks.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the amendment originally offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] as
renewed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.]
The amendment was not agreed to ; there
being—ayes G6, noes 80.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
concurring in the sixty fifth amendment, of the
Senate, oil which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question was taken ; and it. was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 97, not voting
33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, AuibJer, Archer,
Arthur, Banks, Barnum, Beck. Bell, B:.,-?--, Bird,
Austin jDlai'-, Braxton. Bright, Jainr* Brook*. Cald-
well, Carroll, Cook. Cox. Crebs, Critcher, Davis,
luwes, Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Eiy, Eariisworth, Far-
weii, I'oi-kcr, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Golluday, Giiiiirh,
Hale, Hambleton, Handles', Hank*. Harper. John
T. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard, llolman. Kendall,
Kerr, King, Kiiibella, Launson, Leach, Lewis, Man-
son, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McCi'.n'v,
McIIenrv, Mcfniyre, MeJnnkin, MeKinney. Me-
Neely. Mercur, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morg.in, Sio-
laek,Iloaea W. Paike.r, Eh Pe. ly. Potter, Randall,
Bead, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice. William R.
Roberts. Robinson, Roosevelt, Scofield, Sherwood,
Shober, (itioemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Stark-
weather.toteveup. Storm, Strong. fcutherlaud.fewann,
Terry. Van T,'ump. Vaugban, Warren. Wells. Whee-
ler, Whitthorne, Williams of New York, John T.
Wijson, Winchester Wood, and Yonng—luO.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Birber, Bairy, Beatty,
Bigb*-, Bingnain, George M.Brooks. Buckley, Buffin-
tnu.Lurcnard, Bnrdett, Benjamin i\ Butler. Co tun n,
Conger, Cotton, Cicely, lie Laige, Dilell, b 'i'1 cii.
Lame*, Edwards, Elliott, i-'mkeloburg, Cltui ie- I-'i.--
ter, Garheld, lla!.-ey, jla'mer, Germ* E. Harris,
Havens Hawlev, Hav. IIa.v. Gerry W. Hazleton,
John W. Hazleton. Hill. Hoar, Hooper, K<*liey.
Ketcham, ICil linger. Lamport, La-nsintr, Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard,MeGrew.McKce.Merrinm.M.mri'>\M'ii.>e
Morey,Leonard Myers.Negiey.Orr. Packard,Packer.
Palmer. J>nuc C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Aaron 1-. Perry, Poland, Porter. Ramey. Ellis II.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seelev, Sessions, Sh ink-,
gheldon.Shellabarger, II. Boardmnn Smith, John A.
Smith, Thomas J. Speer.S Prague, Stcven-Hii,,S!{>usjii-
ton, Stowell, St. John, Talfe. Tnomas. Washington
Townsend,Turner,Twichelt, Tyner, Waddell. Wake-
man. W altlen, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Whiteiev,
Wiiiard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah >1.
\V llson—9i.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Jamos G. Biair,
Roderick R. Butler, Oampbei!,Clarke, C< bb, Com in go,
Crossiana.Barrail.iliekey.Donnan, Eidndge, Henry
L>. roster. Goodrich, IlaMctmn. Merrick, Mitchell,
M/>rphi«,Pcters,Platt,Price.Pi indie. Rifchie. Roger-
ftorrtnngton C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Sneer,
Cypher,Dwight Townsend,luthill,Upson, Voorhees.
and \\ a-alburn—:>>.
bo the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
During the roll-call the following aniiouncn-
meius were made:
Mr. READ. My colleague. Mr. CkosslanI),
is paired on this question with Mr. Cohb of
iNorth Caioiina. both gentlemen being detained
from the House by sickness.
Mr. bui LER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Cobb,
of North Carolina, who, as has just been &u-
