1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
nounced, is paired on this question with Mr.
Crossland, would, if he were here, vote " no "
upon this question, while Mr. Crossland would
vote "ay."
Mr. PERCE. My colleague, Mr. Morphis,
is detained at home by sickness in his family.
If he were here he would vote " no."
Mr. DOX. I desire to announce that the
gentleman from New York, Mr. Tuthill, is
paired on this question with the gemleman
from Ohio, Mr. Upson. If present, Mr. Tut-
hill would vote "ay."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The gentle-
man from Ohio, Mr. Campbell, is paired on
this question with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Dickey. I am not sure how
these gen tie men would respectively have voted.
The SPEAKER, in announcing the result,
said: On concurring in Senate amendment
Dumber sixty-five, the yeas are 99, the nays 98.
[These were the figures of the Clerk's first
computation, which was afterward corrected
■with the result already given.]
A Member. Is the amendment concurred in?
The SPEAKER. The Chair's hesitation
was, and he desires it to be known, whether
he should exercise the right he had, which he
declined to exercise, of producing a tie. He
did not, however, exercise that right. Had
he voted at all it would have been to produce
a tie.
Mr. DAWES. There is one other amend-
ment non-concurred in in the report of the com-
mittee ; but the committee now desire to amend
that report and to move that it be concurred in.
Mr. SWANN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. The twenty-fifth amendment
on page 6 is in the report recommended to be
non-concurred in. The committee nowrecom-
mend concurrence. It is as follows:
Add as an additional section:
To enable the President to carry out the provisions
of the aut of March 3, 1871, authorizing biin to pre-
scribe rules and regulations for the admission of per-
sons into the civil service, and so forth, $10,000.
Mr. DAWES. Of course it is to be under-
stood that the words " and so forth " are to be
stricken out.
The SPEAKER. Those words will be
stricken out by unanimous consent.
Mr. N1BLACK. There must be some mis-
take about this. As 1 understand, the com-
mittee agreed to concur and afterward to
non-concur.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my suggestion
in reference to this matter for the present.
Mr. SWANN. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional' section, to come in imme-
diately after section twenty-four.
And be %t further enacted. That the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, be, and he is hereby, authorized to
cooperate with the (iovernuient ot Great Hi-Ham in
the apppomtment of a joint commission, in accord-
ance with the plan and estimates of A. A. Hum-
phreys, brigadier general and chief of engineers,
submitted .November 23, 1870, for determining the
boundary line between the United States and the
British possessions between the Lake of the Woods
and tile Kooky mountains, at such time as he may
deem advisable, and that §100,000, or so much there-
of as may he required, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out ot any money m the Treasury not
0 herYv!seappropriated,tocyrry into effect the object
01 said joint commission on the paat of the United
States and Great Britain, until the said boundary
shall have been established.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will say, in reference to
that amendment 
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
on that amendment; but I do not object to
the gentleman from Maryland being hpard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will himself
object. He has as much right to object as
any uther member.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 merely wish to be under-
stood that, 1 reserve my point of order.
'Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair will object to
points of order being reserved and then allow-
ing discussion to proceed. If the gentleman
desires to make a point of order, he must make
it at this time.
Mr. RANDALL. That is precisely the reason
why I took the floor and interrupted the gen-
tleman from Maryland, to make my point of
order. I am willing, however, that he shall
make his speech if my point of order is
reserved.
The SPEAKER. In that case the speech
will be made for nothing.
Mr. RANDALL. It goes into the Globe,
and we do not consider that in that case it
goes for nothing.
Mr. SWANN. I hope there will be no
objection to my making a brief statement
showing the importance of this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the House will in-
dulge the gentleman from Maryland in making
his statement.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish it to be understood
that I still reserve my point of order on the
amendment.
Mr. SWANN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not interpose objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not, against the gen-
tleman making his speech; but I do desire to
reserve my point of order.
Mr. SWANN. If the gentleman understood
the importance of the question he would with-
draw his point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I do understand it, and
make my objection advisedly.
Mr. SWANN. I am sorry then that he
should interpose objection.
Mr. RANDALL. My objection is in the
way of a point of order to the gentleman's
amendment, and not to any statement he may
desire to make.
Mr. DAWES. There will be no objection to
the gentleman from Maryland explaining his
amendment.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, am I permitted
to proceed with my explanation of this amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, this amend-
ment, it may be proper for me to state, has
the sanction of my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Dawes.J and of every other member of
the committee from whom this bill has been
reported. It will be recollected by the House
that at the last session a unanimous report was
made by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
responding to a message from the President
of the United States, requesting the appoint
ment of a joint commission on the part of the
United States and Great Britain for the settle-
ment of the northwestern boundary.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a point of order.
There is so much confusion in the House that
I cannot hear the gentleman from Maryland,
althougn sitting so near to him.
Mr. SWANN. That report, Mr. Speaker,
was made to the House, and the resolution,
as teporied by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, was adopted by the House by a very
large majority. The resolution went to the
Senate, but, through some inadvertence, or
for lack of time, it failed to receive the sanc-
tion of that body. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the new members who have taken
their seats in Congress for the first time, that
on a survey being made of the northwestern
boundary in the vicmity of Pembina, under
the direction of General Hancock, about a
year ago, it was ascertained that the British
post at that point was upward of four thousand
teet within the limits of the United States.
A difficulty occurred among oui levenue
officers there on the question oi taxation, and
a correspondence tooiv place between the ufE
cers of the Treasury Department and our agents
at tiiat point m reference to the line ot duty
which they ought to pursue. Ana you nnist
perceive, ilr. Speaker, that with this boundary
line unsettled as it, is now, and supposed to
have been established upon false principles, a
collision at any time may occur between citi-
zens of the United States and citizens of Great
Britain residing in that vicinity. Ii waslhere-
fore deemed important, by the President of
the United States that this question of bound-
ary should be taken up and promptly settled.
The House, after a full and free, discussion,
entertained the same view, and the subject was
passed upon favorably by a very large majority
of the members.
Since that period, Mr. Speaker, my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts, [.Mr. Dawes,]
who bad some doubts m reference to this
measure originally, has concurred cordially in
the propriety of prompt and immediate action,
in order that this boundary line may be settled
and that all causes of irritation between the
two Governments may be removed. This is a
matter, sir, in which the authorities of the Gov-
ernment take a very deep interest. I hold in
my hand a communication—of a private char-
acter, it is true—which has been sent to me as
representing the sub committee that reported
ihe measure, which urges in the very strongest
terms the action of this House upon the sub-
ject, in order that the«appropriation may be
revived here and sent to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States for confirmation during the present
session, before Congress adjourns. It would
have passed that body, i believe, without oppo-
sition if there had been time enough before
the adjournment of the last Congress to have
had the proposition taken up and acted upon.
Now, sir, if the measure is not acted upon
at the present time, and the commencement
of this work is postponed for twelve months
and perhaps for a longer period of time, this
unsettled boundary line will be left still unde-
cided, and the risk continues of causes of dis-
agreement springing up at any moment be-
tween the citizens of the two countries. I will
state for the information of I lie House that
this whole subject of a new survey was care-
fully examined by the chief ot engineers, Gen-
eral Humphreys, whose report was submitted
to this House. In that report the enure cost
of running this boundary line from the Lake
of the Woods to the summit of the Rocky
mountains was estimated at $300,000, and the
time likely to be consumed three years. At
the instance and to meet the views of certain
gentlemen on this floor it was agreed that
§100,000 should be called for, instead of the
whole amount of $300,000 necessary to com-
plete the survey, winch it was supposed would
occupy a period of some thtee years, includ-
ing field and office duty.
We have therefore, sir, in this amendment
which has be°u read by the Clerk asked for
only §100,000, ihe sum provided m the meas-
ure as it originally passed tins House. And
now, as some gentlemen have desired 10 under-
stand the views of the Secretary ol State upon
this subject, although this letter is a private
letter, and not written with the object of be
itig read to the House, still i feel so much
interested in the passage of this measure,
which is an Administration measure, and one
of great impoitaiice, more especially when the
high commission is now sitting here in Wash
ington endeavoring to remove all the causes
of irritation which may spring up between tins
country and Great Britain now or hereafter,
that! must ask that this communication, which
has been addressed to me by the iionoiable Sec-
retary of State, shall he read by the Cletk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Depakt.mest op State,
W.lSHl-N'(<rilX, Afrd tu, lSfl.
i My Di;ai: Govi.rnok: You will periiaps leinem-
■ ber that at (tie last session o(t Coni?i thei e was
I roicied ;u tile CotuinIttee 011 i.'oi eI v ij Ail,:li - a por-
: tion el the Piesiueut's ines-a=;e letati. k to a pio-
posed suivcy ot ttie portion ql t lie nortnern bound-
| ai.v ijein'eeu the Lai.o of l ho Woods a ad l ne sn miu it
j ul the 1:•,<:ky mouiitaui.i, and mat a htlMor the pui-
' pose was introduced and passed ttie House. 'Ihe
llouse tail latied in tilt- Senate for want ol tune.
As the i'.ului'e of tin- measure would involve the
ioss of a year m woi k s hat uiu^t bo done iu toe cud,
and as it m„y aUo afreet the disposition ot tvine of
the questions pending before toe j'Uiit high commis-
sion, I ventured, alter the organization oi the pres-
