636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
enfc Congress, to suggest to the Speaker and to the
Senate Committee on Appropriations that it should
be put into tae Pending dobciency bill. My letter
did not roach the Speaker until the bill had gone to
the Senate, and I am told that the bill passed the
Semite without the appropriation. 1 understand
that Mr I) vwes, the chairman ot the special com-
mittee to which the bill is referred, (tor reasons
■which he will explain to you, it you will be so good
as to sneak to'hiin about it.) feels that he cannot
more this amendment in committee, but he will not
oppose it if moved by you or General Banks in the
House, and will probably say a good word tor it.
~ write this letter to youinstead ci General £ axks
-■reoiiiMo you were the sub-committee to whom this i
particular matter was reierred at the last session, |
and you thoroughly understood tlie subject aod can j
explain it to the House; and I venture to ask you, >
and to press the request upon you, to cooler with '
General Basks and Mr. Dawes, and to secure this ,
appropriation, if possible, at the present session. I
Yours, very truly, HAMILTON FISII. !
Hon. Thomas Swank, House of Ilepreaenlaiives.
Mr. SWANN. I do not propose to make
any further explanation upon this subject, un-
less it should be desired. The whole matter
speaks for itself. There can be no difference
of opinion as to the propriety of our action.
My great effort has been, with the cooperation
of this House, by the adjustment of this bound-
ary line, especially during the sitting of the
high commission in this city, to remove all
possibility of a misunderstanding hereafter
between the authorities or the people of two
great nations foremost in progress and civil-
ization, and to facilitate by every means in our
power the negotiations now going forward, and
which we trust may result in a settlement hon-
orable to both.
[Here the hammerfell.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 desire to say but a word,
There is no doubt that this amendment must
be received by unanimous consent, if at all.
I think it should be adopted. 1 opposed it
when the proposition was before the House
on a former occasion, because of matters be-
fore the high commission. Since then I have
learned from that very source of the necessity
of this appropriation this year. I know the
amendment can be received, under the rules,
ouly by unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
again.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman objects;
that is sufficient.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to state my rea-
sons. i believe the plan here proposed will
involve, as has been stated, ail expenditure
of $SOO.OOO, in order to settle this boundary
line under the provisions of this amendment.
1 think that the line can be run by our own
officers at an expense not to exceed §50,000.
1 therefore cannot stand silent here and see,
unnecessarily and doubtfully, $250,000 taken
from the Treasury. 1 there!ore object to this
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. IUxdai.l] insists upon his point
of order, which the Chair is compelled to sus-
tain.
Mr. CONGER. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain any proposition for additional sections to
this bill until the order proposed by the special
Committee on Appropriations has been gone
through with. The House has been consider-
ing that class of Senate amendments in which
the committee recommend concurrence. The
nextclass in order is amendments in which con-
currence is recommended with amendments.
Mr, COXGER. 1 wish to offer an atnend-
rriect to the first section of the bill, the Senate
amendments to which have been concurred in.
L will offer my amendment now, if this is the
proper time, or 1 will wait, if, by so doing, i
do not lose my right to offer it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would prefer
that the gentleman would allow the order of
the committee to be proceeded with as origin-
ally announced.
Mr. CONGER. If I do not lose my right
to offer the amendment, 1 have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
exactly whether the amendmentthe gentleman
desires to offer will be in order. But the Chair
can assure the gentleman that he will lose none
of his rights by deferring his amendment for a
time.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman can
offer his amendment when the fifth amend-
ment of the Senate is under consideration,
which amendment the committee recommend
be not concurred in.
Mr. CONGER. Very well; I will not press
my amendment now.
The SPEAKER. The Cterk will now re-
port the first amendment of the Senate in
which the committee recommend concurrence
with an amendment.
The Clerk read the eighteenth amendment
as follows:
For compensation for clerks, messengers, and for
contingent expensesof the board of public works of
the District of Columbia, $5,000, and such sum or
sums as may be necessary for such purposes for the
fraction of the current fiseal year.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the spe-
cial committee to move to amend the amend-
ment just read by inserting after the words
"District of Columbia" the words "from the
time of the organization of said board until
the end of the next fiscal yearalso to strike
out the words "and such sum or sums as may
be necessary for such purposes for the fraction
of the current fiscal year;" so that the amend-
ment will read:
For compensation for clerks, messengers, and for
contingent expenses of the board of public works,
oi the District ol Columbia, froia the time of the
organization of said board until the end of the next
fiscal year, $5 GOD.
Mr. BECK. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] to this amendment. Upon a further
examination of the bill providing for a terri-
torial government for the District of Colum
bia, I am satisfied that it is made the duty of
the territorial government to pay these clerks.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] would present his views
to the House ; I atn not sure but he is correct.
Mr. BECK. Upon a further examination
of this amendment, in which we of the com-
mittee recommended concurrence with an
amendment, because we thought that under
the territorial bill we were compelled to pay
the clerks of the board of public works of
the District of Columbia—the discussion of
the other day induced me to examine more
particularly the features of that bill—it seems
to me now that while we are obliged to pay the
members of the board themselves, all the other
expense must be borne by the territorial gov-
ernment. Section thirty eight of the bill pro-
vides—
That the officers herein provided for, who shall
be appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, shall be paid by the
United States by appropriations to be made by law
as hereinbefore provided; and all other officers of
said District provided for by this actshall be paid by
the District.
The simple question is, whether the expenses
of this board of public works for clerks, mes-
sengers, &c., are to be paid by the Govern-
ment of the United States, or by the District.
As the law provides that the United Srates
shall pay only the salaries of those officers
appointed by the President and confirmed by
the Senate, 1 think this expense should fall
on the District. The committee, at the time
they acted on this question, had not carefully
examined the act with reference to this matter.
I may be mistaken in my construction of the
law. I merely desired to call attention to the
point.
Mr. DAWES. The argument, as I under-
stand it—and I think there is some force in it—
is, that as thgact for creating a territorial gov-
ernment for this District specifies certain offi-
cers whose salaries the United States shall pay,
the conclusion of law must be that all the
others are to be paid by the District. The act
declares that tho salaries of the members of
the board of public works shall be paid by the
United States, but there is no such provision
with reference to their clerks, &c. The com-
mittee, in acting on this subject, had the im-
pression that the clerks were incidental to the
business of the board and that the United
States should pay them. I am not sure, how-
ever, but that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] is right in his construction. As
one member of the committee, I am willing to
submit the question of concurrence or non-
concurrence to the House without any recom-
mendation.
Mr. BECK. That is what I propose, because
I do feel confident as to which view is correct.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
considered as non-concurred in.
Thetwenty-fourth amendment of the Senate,
in which the committee recommended concur-
rence with an amendment, was to insert the
following:
For payment to the reporters of the Senate for the
Congressional Globe of tho usual additional com-
pensation for reporting the proceedings of the Sen-
ate for the first ses-si >n of the Forty-Second Con-
gress, $5J0 each, §J,500.
The amendment recommended by the com-
mittee was to make the section read as follows :
For payment to the reporters of tho Senate and
Housefor the Congressional Globeof the usual addi-
tional compensation for reporting tho proceedings
of the first session of tho Forty-Second Congre>s.
$5® each, 85,000.
The amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to; and the amendment of the
Senate, as amended, was concurred in.
The twenty sixth amendment of the Senate,
in which the committee recommended con-
currence with an amendment, was to insert
the following:
For expenses of the joint select Committee on
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States if such
committee be appointed, the sum of $30,000, and any
unexpended balance of the appropriation lor the
select committee of the Senate on the same subject
shall be carried to tho above appropriation in addi-
tion thereto, the sametob"expended upon vouchers
of the chairman of said joint committee.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out the words "if such commit-
tee be appointed also to strike out the words
■'the same" before the words ''to be expend-
ed," and to insert in lieu thereof the words
•'said sum to be carried for this purpose to
the contingent fund of the Senate, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move further to amend
the Senate amendment by adding the follow-
ing:
Provided, That the sum of$9,T35 22. being an un-
expended balance of an appropriation by act of
March 3, IStiO, lor purchase ot building known as
the " Club House.''at Charleston, South Carolina,
and the fitting up thereof for the use of the United
States courts, and having been by existing laws cov-
ered into the Treasury of the United States, be, and
the same is hereby, reappropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and
shall be expended ia accordance with tho provis-
ions of the act making tho original appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
The thirty-ninth amendment of the Senate,
in which the committee recommended concur-
rence with an amendment, was to insert the
following as a new section:
Src. 8. That so much of the appropriation for pay-
ing the exyeuses oftaking the ninth census of the
United States contained in the act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of tho Govern-
ment for tho year ending June 3>, 1ST-, approved
March 3, 1871, as may bo necessary may be used
during the current fiscal year: and tho proviso in
tho eighth section of said act is amended by adding
after the words "eight dollars per day" the word*
"exclusive of mileage."
The amendment reported by the commitfeo
was to strike out tho last clause of the section
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That in adjusting tho per diem compen-
sation to assistant marshals in the Pacific States and
the Territories of tho United States, under tho pro-
