1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
visions of the eighth section of the act of March 3,
X871, the amount allowed for mileage shall not be
included.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say in this connec-
tion that I did the Commissioner of the Census
injustice yesterday, in some statements I made
to the House, in believing that he had not been
entirely frank with the House. It seems the
only interest he took was to aid the gentleman
from New York.
ilr. TAFFE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from .Massachusetts a question as to what dis-
tinction his amendment will make between the
Pacific States and Territories and the States
of Nebraska and Kansas?
Mr. DAWES. This originates in the Tnte
rior Department,, and it has been proposed for
this reasou. It is in comormity precisely with
the original amendment prepared by the com-
mittee and recommended by the Committee on
the Census in the last Congress, and adopted
in the last Congress, so far as the amount is
concerned. Alterward, in the very last night
of the session, a new amendment was put on
another appropriation bill increasing the com
pensation ot these assistant marshals still more,
in the phraseology of that amendment a change
was made. it was originally confined to tlie
Pacific States and Territories, it is proposed
to restore it to the original focm in that re-
spect, leaving the increase of compensation.
That amendment was offered by a member of
the Senate without conference with any com-
mittee or any bureau, involving an outlay of
$750,000. This limitation to the compensa
tion for travel to the States and Territories of
the Pacific will, of course, curtail it somewhat.
It was designed originally to pass with that
limitation.
Now, it is true that in the gentleman's State,
■where the travel is something, it will cut off
the travel there, as that State is not reckoned
to be one of the Pacific States. It is confined
to the Pacific States and Territories esclu
sively. It would therefore have some effect on
the gentleman's State.
Air. TAFFE. I hope the gentleman will
not object to inserting an exception in favor
of my State, i wish to say that it is a popular
error to suppose that it will cost more for tiavel
in the Pacific States and Territories and in
the mining regions than in the State which I
have the honor to represent ou this floor.
That, ill truth, is not really the fact, for if you
have to travel further in those States and Ter-
ritories, you find the people of whom a census
is to be taken living in towns and settlements.
In my State tnere are seventy-six thousand
square" miles, and the people are devoted
almost exclusively to agriculture, and in con-
sequence of their being scattered all over the
country it costs more to do the work of taking
the census than in any oth® State in the
Union. 1 wish, therefore, that an amendment
shall be made excepting the State of Nebraska.
Mr. DAWES, i have no objection to put-
ting in the State of Nebraska, lor I believe it
is right.
Mr. TAFFE. I believe the same reasons
apply to the State of Nebraska as those which
apply to the Pacific States and Territories.
Jlr. DAWES. I will modify the amend-
ment in accordance with the suggestions of
the gentleman fiom Nebraska.
Tne amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Jlr. DICKEY. 1 find niy name recorded
upon the last call of the yeas and nays. That,
is incorrect, and I suppose in the midst of the
confusion some one answered when my name
was Called. 1 did not vote at all, as f was
paired with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Camimell ]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I deem it
proper to call attention to this fact. This
piactice deserves our attention of votes being
given wnen the members themselves have not
voted, and especially on a vote like this.
Mr. DiCKEY. My vote is recorded in the
negative, and if i had not paired I would have
voted that way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think,
because a member's vote was recorded, that
another member voted for him. There may
be many reasons for the mistake; but the
Chair does not believe that any member of the
House would be guilty of so gross a fraud as
that.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. How could
it otherwise happen ?
The SPEAKER. It is not difficult to assign
a cause for it other than the one intimated
by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
call the attention of the House to a practice
which has grown up here of allowing members
to record their votes when they go out and be-
fore their names have been called. It ought
not to be permitted, and I hope hereafter the
practice will be entirely broken up.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman-has
brought this subject before the House, the
Chair will state that there is another practice
ou the part of members which is directly
against the rules of the House ; and that is of
ciowding up around the Clark's desk during a
roll call. Members have little idea how much
mischief and confusion they create by crowd
mg near the Clerk's desk during a roll-call
The Chair deems it necessary to say this in
behalf of the clerks themselves, and if any
errors are made they result from a failure to
enforce the rules in this regard on the part of
the memners themselves.
Mr. BECK. If Mr. Mullins, of Tennessee,
were here the rules would not be violated in
that respect, for he would always be ready
with his "pint of order." [Laughter ]
The Clerk read the fortieth amendment, as
fo!ld*vs:
Add the following as an additional section :
Sec. 9. That the appropriation of suo 326 " for
necessary expenses in tbe erection, iurmsliing ma-
chinery," &e., of the braucti mint at Carson City,
contained m the act making appropriations lor sun-
dry civil expenses of tbe Government lor tbe year
ending June 30, 1S72. and for ottior purposes, ap-
proved March 3, 1871, is hereby made subject to
present use.
The SPEAKER. The committee recom-
mend concurrence in that amendment of the
Senate with the following amendment:
Provided, That hereafter no charge shall be made
at the Mint of the United States or ;toy of its
branches lor converting standard gold bullion into
eoin.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to hear some reason assigned for the
amendment.
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman from Mas
sachusetts nearest the Chair [Mr. Hooper]
has risen to a point of order; he will please
state it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that this is new legislation and not
pertinent to the section under consideration.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mas
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] raises the point that
this is independent legislation. The Chair is
bound to sustain the point of order.
Mr. KELLEY. I think if the gentleman
would give the matter proper consideration he
would probably withdraw his point of order.
This seems to me to be a very important
amendment.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the point of order, at lea^t until a state-
ment from the former Director of the .Mint is
read, showing the immense importance of the
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If my
colleague withdraws the point of order, i will
feel bound to renew it.
Mr. BECK. If it is to be r?newed it will
H be of no use to occupy the time of the. House
ij in having the statement read to which i have
il referred. It shows that nearly all the bullion
is now sent abroad and coined in Europe,
because the coinage of standard bullion adds
nothing to its value in the hands of the holder;
he therefore refuses to pay the tax, and we
lose the advantage of having it, converted into
our own coin by the tax v.e impose. It is
converted, free from taxation, into English
sovereigns then.
Mr. BUL'LER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand that. But the proposition now is that
we shall coin it for no.liing, and then allow it
to be taken abroad in the form of coin instead
of bullion.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not
before the House.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
the committee recommended coneutreuce with
an amendment, was the forty second, as fol-
lows :
That there be added to the miscellaneous item of
the contingent luud of the House ot Represeuta-
ttves tho sum of $11,503 30. or so much the. oof as m ly
be necessary lor tbe payment of the balances remain-
ing unpaid upon tbe accouais of witnesses who ap-
peared beiore the sub-committee of the Committee
ol Elections ofthe llouseoi Representatives. charged
with the investigation in the summer of 1863 ot the
election in Louisiana in ISoB.
The committee recommended the addition
of the following words:
And for two thousand copies of Barclay's Digest,
oidered by resolution oj|g.he llouso, July li, 1870,
$.1000; also lor pages otTnediou&e of Representa-
tives, $1,513 59; lor tbe compensation ol an assistant
Journal clerk m the liouse ot Representatives for
the liseal year ending J une 30,1872, 42,592.
The amendment ofthe committee was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment, as amended,
was concurred in.
Air. KENDALL. Before proceeding to the
consideration of the next%mendinent 1 desire
to offer the following, to he added to the for-
tieth amendment ot the Senate:
To enable the Sntro tunnel commission to ascer-
tain the value of the bullion and ores contained iu
the Uoinstocli. lodo, including pity lor assistants,
instruments, and incidental expenses, $15,000.
Mr. BURCHARD. I make the point of
order on that amendment.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
MESSAGE If ROM TI1E PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of I he United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, informed the House ihat the Pres-
ident had approved and signed the bill (S. No.
311J in relation to tbe payment of the salary
of iiobert C. Schenck, envoy extraordinary
and minister plenipotentiary of the United
States to Great Britain.
det'IClBNCy bill.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
the committee recommended concurrence vviih
an amendment, was the forty-third, as follows:
That tho provisions of the eleventh section of the
act approved J uly 15, 18,0, entitled "An act making
appropriations tor sundry civil expenses ol tho
Government for the yo.ir ending June 30, 1S71, and
tor other purposes," be, and hereby are, extended so
asto include.sueli persons aswere actually employed
ill the States lately m insurrection, in connection
with the Treasury llepartment, as officers of the
United States during the year 1867 in connection
with tho revenues of the Grovernment; and au
amount sulheient to carry out tho provisions of this
section h hereby appropriated out of any money m
tlie 'Treasuiy not otherwise uppiopriated.
The amendment of the committee was as
follows:
Insert after the word "section," where it occurs
the last time in said amendment, the tollowmg
words: "not exceeding §15.000.,5_ And at tUe end
ol tlie amendment add tbe following:
And tho Secietary ot the Treasuiy shall have the
power to employ any person or peisons to aid the'
pioper othcersof the United States in recovering and
collecting any moneys, dues, or indebtedness belong-
ing to the IJtiitedStates, whenever the sanies hall be
disco vet ed to be withheld from the United States by
any person orcorporaLiou whatever, uponsueh terms
and conditions as the Se,-rotary shall deem best for
the interest oi the United States.
Mr. ARCHER. I raise tbe point of order
upon the last portion of the amendment rec-
ommended by the committee, it is iudepend-
