638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
ent legislation, and embodies a proposition
which, in the form of a bill, was rejected during
the last session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. It is true that it is inde-
pendent legislation, but the Chair is in doubt
whether that would be sufficient to rule out the
amendment. The point is, whether it is ger-
mane to the Senate amendment No. 43. The
Chair is inclined to the opinion, however, that
the amendment is germane to the Senate
amendment, and therefore in order.
Mr. ARCHER. Then I hope that the rec-
ommendation of the special Committee on
Appropriations of this House will not be agreed j
to. The same proposition was before the
House during the last Congress, and was then
rejected in a committee of conference. The
effect of this provision, if adopted, will be to
produce thousands of spies and informers in
this country, seeking the compensation they
may thereby derive from the Treasury, and at
the same time it would give rise to the employ- !
ment of very many more employes by the
Treasury Department.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
And that the sum of 82,600, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, be and is hereby appropriated to
pay the claim of James M. Hanks, administrator
of the estate of John F. Hanks, deceased, for money
taken from the Louisian^State Bank by military
order in the year 18(33, ancwrroneously covered into
the Treasury of the United States.
I trust there will.be no objection to this
amendment, and I desire to make a brief state-
ment in regard to it. It is not in the nature
of a private claim.
Mr. BURCHARD, and Mr. BUTLER of
Massachusetts, raised the point of order that
the amendment wa?not germane to the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] reserve his point
of order for a moment, until I can make a
brief statement in regard to the amendment I
have offered?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to the gentleman making his
statement.
Mr. ST. JOHN. I insist upon the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is :
understood to be reserved by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. NIBLACK. In 1863, by order of Gen-
eral Banks, then in command of the depart-
ment of Louisiana, certain moneys were taken
from the Louisiana State Bank and directed to
be held by his quartermaster until further or-
ders, so that persons having claims upon this
money could establish their loyalty, and also
that it might be decided what should be done
with the money. Afterward, however, with-
out any such determination being made, this
money was all covered into the Treasury of
the United States.
It now turns out, upon examination, and I
have the papers here to show it abundantly,
that $1,729 of this money belonged to one John
F. Hanks, of Helena, Arkansas, a brother of
one of the Representatives from that State ill
this House. The fact was established beyond
all peradventure that he was a loyal citizen of
the United States during the entire war, as
was the whole family, as I understand. There
is not a shadow of suspicion upon his loyalty,
so far as he is personally concerned.
Since this money was taken Mr. Hanks has
died, and hU estate has passed into the hands
cf ail administrator, for the benefit of his sur-
viving wife and small children. This money
having been covered into the Treasury, it can-
not be taken out and restored to those to whom
it rightfully belongs except by action of Con-
gress. 1 he question is, whether we shall allow
this money to be refunded, or continue to hold
it by the strong arm of power. That is the
only question involved in my amendment.
Ordinarily, such a proposition as this would
not pertain to a bill of this character. Strictly
speaking, under the rules, it is not in order.
But I do think that we ought to let this widow
and children have the money thus erroneously
withheld from them. And theamount involved
being so small, I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it. If I was not thoroughly satisfied of
the correctness of this claim, I would not offer
this amendment. I have nottime now to have
the papers in this case read, bat I think they
would satisfy any gentleman that great injus-
tice has been done to a family of loyal people
who need the money.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my point of order.
Mr. ST. JOHN. I also withdraw my point
of order ; I made it merely to save time.
Mr. BURCHARD. I insist upou my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman raise
the point of order at the time it was raised by
the gentleman from Massachusetts ?
Mr. BURCHARD. I did.
The SPEAKER. The point of order being
insisted upou, the Chair must sustain it.
The question recurred upou the amendment
recommended by the special committee to the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I am opposed to
the amendment reported by the special Com-
mittee on Appropriations to the amendment
of the Senate, especially that portion which
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
appoint an army of agents for the purpose of
discovering frauds. It seems to me it is only
necessary to call the attention of the House
to it to show that it should not be adopted,
and it is for that purpose that I rose.
It will be seen that this provision, if adopted,
will allow the Secretary of the Treasury to
make as many appointments as he please%and
to make with the appointees any arrangements
he may think proper. He may send abroad
a whole army of secret agents. While I have
the utmost confidence in the present Secretary
of the Treasury, I am unwilling to give to any
officer of the Government this sort of power to
make appointments at his pleasure ; because
I know how any o3icer endowed with this au-
thority wi!l be importuned by persons having
influence at the Departments to exercise this
appointing pow^r. I know how he wilt be
urged day after day to add this, that, and the
other man to the long list of appointees.
_ If there is any special necessity for confer-
ring this power on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, I wish some gentleman would state it.
If the Secretary or anybody else knows of any
debts which ought to be recovered, why does
he not go after them or send after them ? What
is the necessity of this authority to appoint a
vast number of secret agents? If anybody
knows of any property belonging to the Gov-
ernment which ought to be recovered, let
somebody be sent after it or let measures be
taken to recover it: but let us not adopt a
provision of law like this, giving the Secretary
a carte blanche to make a hundred or a thou-
sand appointments, if he pleases, for any such
purpose or apprehended purpose.
1 believe that the House during the last
session defeated a provision substantially the :
same as this, and almost identical, word for !
word. I have seen no recommendation from |
the Secretary of the Treasury in favor of such j
a provision, though there may be one. With I
my opinion in regard to this matter, I am not j
willing to give any officer, however much con- i
fidcnce I may have in him, such a power, be- \
cause^ I know he would be importuned to '
exercise it to a very great length. i
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, the committee, \
as I understand, recommended this provision !
because upon a presentation of the facts by i
a former mettber of the House, in whom we 1
had and still have very great confidence, we <
were led to believe that money was withheld j
from the Government in a variety of ways; I
that individuals and railroad corporations
were not paying their dues, and that itns olli
cersof the Govern ment. could not.t hem-elves, go
and ascertain all the facts ; that, being confined
by their official duties to particular localities,
they had to rely upon other persons to gather
the information upon which they could collect
the money due to the Government from such
individuals and corporations as are withhold-
ing it. The committee thought that if this
was the fact it was proper to give the Secre-
tary of the Treasury authority to employ per-
sons to aid the proper officers of the Govern-
ment in getting inlormation necessary for rlie
collection of the money thus due. It, as the
present law provides, this had been done with
regard to the insurrectionary States, the com-
mittee did not see why the same provision
should not apply all over the country.
But I confess that the more I hear this mat-
ter discussed the more 1 am inclined to fear
that this power would be liable to very great
abuse. I do not think that any member of
the committee feels any particular interest in
the proposition. We simply thought upon the
facts presented to us that this authority might
work advantageously when confined to legiti-
mate cases. But if it is to result in raising an
army of agents to examine into the business
of individuals or corporations, it may lead
to very great evils, such as, I think, no mem-
ber of the committee would be willing to coun-
tenance.
It has been suggested to me, while on the
floor, that this same question came before the
last Congress, and that a similar provision was,
upon full consideration, defeated in a commit-
tee of conference. If this is the fact. 1, as one
member of the committee, do not desire the
proposition adopted. We have presented it
in good faith,_ believing that perhaps a few
cases might arise where it might be necessary
for the Secretary of the Treasury to employ
competent persons to aid the officers of the
Government, in the collection of the money
due from individuals or railroad corporations.
But if the provision is to have the scope which
seems to be apprehended, and which induced
the conference committee, of which the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer] was a
member, to reject a similar provision, J, for
one, will vote against it. If necessary the
measure can be brought up hereafter in "some
more proper form and when there will be a
better opportunity for its consideration.
Mr. POI'lER. Mr. Speaker, I had sup-
posed that if any Government had the means
of getting at privateinformation, and had exer-
cised their power in that respect, it whs the
Government of the United States. Within the
last few days a gentleman, a stranger to me,
sent me an order which had been issued to
him by some government official in the city
of Boston, requiring him to bring his private
bank-book and lay it before this officer, so that
the officer might see whether the bank with
which this gentleman dealt had been honest in
its transactions witn the Government.
It was a peremptory ordfr—I regret I have
not got it here now to read to the House—issued
oil a printed form—which indicated that it was
not an exceptional case—addressed to this
private gentleman, directing him to bring his
private account-book with the batik, and to
lay it before that othcial of the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau, so that it might be seen whether
the bank did its business or made its returns
properly. I venture to say that there is upou
the face of the earth hardly a civilized people
who would submit to such espionage and an-
noyance and inquiry into private affairs as the
people of tne United i^tate--. have been m the
habit of submitting to, and of which this order
is but an illustration. You cannot speak to
any intelligent foreigner on the subject, but he
will tell you that the officers of our Internal
Revenue .Bureau have c&rried on a system cf
inquiry and intermeddling with taeu's private
