640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
atory, in addition to the sums appropriated by an
act making appropriation for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other pur-
poses, approved March 3,1871, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
amendment of the Senate, as amended, was
concurred in.
The sixtieth amendment of the Senate was
reported by the committee with no recom-
mendation. It is as follows:
Sf.c. 30. That there be, and is hereby, appropri-
ated for the purptse of more effectually securing
life and property on the coast of New Jersey for tbe
fiscal year euding Jane 30.1872, the sum of $200,000.
Mr. HILL. I move to concur in the amend-
ment. of the Senate, and desire to make some
remarks in support of it.
Mr. BECK. The chairman of the commit-
tee has an amendment to propose, to insert
'■Long Island" after " New Jersey."
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Hill] proceeds, I desire to
offer the following amendment:
After the words "Jfew Jersey" insert the words
"and Long Is-and;'' and at the end of the para-
gniph iu&ert tlie toilAwing:
To be expended in accordance with the provis-
ions of tue act lor the better preservation of life
said property from vessels shipwrecked on the coasts
of fhe United States, approved December 14, 1854,
and that the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
to employ crews of experienced surfmen at such
stations and for such periods as he may deem neces-
sary and proper, and at such compensation as he may
detin reasonable, not to exceed forty dollars per
mouth for each person &o employed.
Mr. HILL. Air, Speaker, a few days ago
I preseiut-d resolutions of the Legislature of
New Jersey in regard to the *• life-saving
service" on the New Jersey coast, which I
wiil read ;
"Whereas X. Broughton Deve^eux, chief of the j
revenue marine, in his report of Doeembor, 1870, to
the honorable the Secretary of tbe Treasury, recom-
mended additional appropriation to the life-saving
s tations, for the protection of life and property upon
the New Jersey coast; and whereas Henry W. Saw-
yer, superintendent of the stations, and the com-
xm^iouers of pilotage bave recommended additional
stations, with crews at each station, and improved
suri-boats, lor the reason that the present boats are
unfile and worn out: Therefore,
Bh it re^olvui by the Senate and General Assembly
nl the Slate of JS^io Jertey, That our Senators and
Representatives in Congress be urged to secure an
appropriation of $200 OuO lor the year 1871, for the
purpose of more effectually securing life and prop-
erty upon the New Jersey eoa«t.
Ami be it resolved, Toy t the(xovernor be requested
to turmsh a copy of tile foregoing preamble and res-
olution immediately to the members of Congress
from New Jersey.
it was in accordance with these resolutions
that the Senator from New Jersey offered, and
the Senate adopted the amendment to the defi-
ciency bill, now under consideration, asking
for an appropriation of $200,000, for the better
protection of life and property on the New
Jersey coast. The State of New Jersey has
less pecuniary interest than many of her sister
Slates in having a life-saving service on her
coast, and it is not self interest that prompts
this request. Thi's service being located on
our shores, we desire that it shall reflect credit
upon the State, and the saving of human life
shall not be slopped and the service cease for
want of support. The means at the command
of those engaged in the service arc very inad-
equate, the stations too far apart, the pres-
ent boats unsafe and worn out; and unless aid
is_ granted by the Government the whole ser-
vice must be abandoned. The sea-coast of New
Jersey is nearly two hundred miles in extent.
Three fourths of all passengers and freight from
Europe to this country pass along this coast.
It is said two thirds of the United States rev-
enue are collected in New York, which could
not be collected unless the vessels in which
the importations are made came to the port
where the duties are paid, and uuarly all have
to pass along the New Jersey coast.
ihe amount asked for is small compared
with the interests at stake. Millions of prop-
erty and hundreds of lives have been saved by
the New Jersey coast service since it has been
in existence, whilo millions of tbe one and
hundreds of the other have been lost through
the neglect of the Government to give the aid
and assistance necessary to make the service
a complete success.
It is oar duty to protect life and property,
and leave nothing undone whereby we can
make effectual and complete the life-saving
service of our sea-coast. It has been recom-
mended by the chief of the revenue marine.
If. has been investigated by the Legislature of
New Jersey. This matter is exciting a good
deal of attention. The press are agitating the
subject, and urging the importance of action
by Congress. Said one of the New York
daily papers, a few days ago:
"Congress is asked to make some provision for
saving life on the New Jersey coast. It has greatly
neglected this important duty in the past, and the
only aid extended to shipwrecked persons on any
part of the United States coast proceeds from a few
humane Societies and the coast wreckers. This neg-
lect ought to be repaired, to some extent, ever re-
membering that in a case like this prevention is
better than care."
And another remarks:
" Coast Wrecking - Service.—The sea-coasts of New
J ersey and Long Island comprise nearly three hun-
dred mile3, bounding the various channels of ap-
proach from the Atlantic to thi3 harbor. Without
immediate aid from Congress the wrecking-service
on this wide extent of coast will cease for want of
means for its support.
"A successful effort was recently made by Senator
Stockton to provide means for the New Jersey coast
of nearly two hundred miles. Similar action is in-
dispensably necessary to make provision for the
Long Island coast of nearly one hundred miles.
"The Chamberof Commerce considered thesubject
at its meeting yesterday, and adopted a resolution
respecting it, and it is to be hop-d the movement
may not be too late to secure a continuance of the
valuable service of this benevolent institution."
Petitions from the New York Chamber of
Commerce were presented in both Houses of
Congress but yesterday, asking that appropria-
tions be made for this service on the New
Jersey and Long Island coasts.
Mr. Speaker, not New Jersey alone, but all
the States are interested in this matter; all
who cross the ocean and do business on the
sea; the whole shipping interest of the coan
try have a deep interest in having this coast
protected and this appropriation made.
It may be asked, whatdo they propose to do?
It is proposed to establish more stations, equip
them with men and new surf boats and life-
cars, &c., at suitable points along the coast.
After this outlay a small appropriation yearly
wiil be sufficient to maintain the apparatus and
keep up the stations.
These life-cars, so muchneededon thiscoast,
are described by a writer as follows:
"The life-car is a sort of boat formed of copper or
iron and closed o vcr above by a convex dec k, with a
sort of door or hatchway through it., by which the
passengers, to be conveyed in it to the shore, are ad-
mitted. The car will hold from four to five persons.
When the passengers are put in, the door, or rather
cover, is shut down and bolted to its place, and the
car is then drawn to the land, suspended by rings
from a hawser which has previously been stretched
from the ship to the shore.
"To beshutup in this manner in so dark and gloomy
a receptacle, lorthe purpose of being drawn, perhaps
at midnight, through a surf of such tenific violenco
that no boat can live in it, cannot be a very agree-
able alternative, but the emergencies in which the
use of the life-car is called for are such as do not
aumit of hesitation.ordelay. Thcreisnolightwithin
the car, and there are no openings for the admission
of air. Nonesuch are in fact required, for the car
itself contains air enough for the use of its passen-
gers for a quarter of an hour, and there is rarely
occupied more than a period of two or three minutes
to pais itithrough thesurf to tho shore. It is subject,
too, m its passage to the shore, to the most frightful
shocks and concussions from the force of tho breakers,
-the car as first made, too, was of such a form as re-
quired the passengers within it to lie at length, in a
recumbent position, which rendered thein almost
utterly helpless. Theform.however.is now changed,
the parts toward the ends, where the heads of the
passengers would come, when placed in a sitting
posture within, being made higher than the middle,
and the opening or door placed in the depressed part
oi the center. This arrangement is found to be much
better than the former one, as it greatly facilitates
the putting m of the passengers, who always require
a greater or less degree of aid, and are often entirely
insensible and helpless from the effects of fear, or of
exposure to cold and hunger. Besides, by this ar-
rangement, those who have any strength remaining
can take much more coovenieat and safer positions
within the car m tbeir progress to theshore than was
possible under the old construction."
Wwe follows a drawing of the life-car.]
Ihe car, as wiil bo seen by tho foregoing draw-
ing, is suspended from the hawser by means of short
chains attached to the ends of it. These chains term-
inate in rings above, which rings ride upon tbe
hawser, thus allowing the car to traverse to and fro
from the vessel to the shore. Tho car is drawn
along, in making these passages, by means of lines
attached.to tho two ends of it. one of which passes
to the ship and theother [hero follows another illus-
tration of tho life-carj to the shore. By means of
these lines the empty ear is first drawn out to the
wreck by the passengers and crew, and then, when
loaded, it is drawn back to the land by the people
assembled there, as represented in the engraving of
the title-page.
" Perhaps the most important and difficult part of
the operation of saving the passengers and crew in
such cases is the getting the hawser out in the first
instance, so as to form a connection between the phip
and the land. In fact, whenever a ship is stranded
upon a coast and peoplo are assembled on the beach
to assist the sufferers, the first thing to be done is
always to ' get a lino ashore.' On the success of tho
attempts made to accomplish this all the hopes of
tbe sulferers depend. Various methods are resorted
to by the peoplo on board tho ship in ordcrtoattain
this end. where there are no means at hand on the
shore for effecting it. Perhaps the most common
mode is to attach a small line to a cask or to some
other light and bulky substance which the surf can
easily throw up upon the shore. Tho cask or float,
whatever it may De, when attached to the line, is
thrown into tho water, and after being rolled and
tossed hither and thither by the tumultuous waves,
now advancing, now receding, and now sweeping
madly around in endless gyrations, it at length
reaches a pointwhere some adventurous wrecker on
the beach can seize it and pull it upon tbe land. The
line is then drawn in. and a hawser being attached
to theother end of it by thecrew oftheship, the end
of the hawser itself is then drawn to the shore.
"In case of these life-cars, therefore, arrangements
are mado for sending the hawser out from the shore
to the sbip. The apparatus by which this is accom-
plished consists, first, of a picco of ordnance called
a mortar, made large enough to throw a shot of
about six inches in diameter; secondly, the shot
itself, which has a small iron staple set in it; thirdly,
a long line, one end of which is to be attached to the
staple in the shot when the shot is thrown: and
fourthly, a rack of a peculiar construction, to servo
as a reel for windi^the line upon. This rack con-
sists of a small square frame, having rows of peg*
inserted along the ends and sides of it. 1'he line is
wound upon these pegs in such a manner, that as the
shot is projected through the air, drawing tho line
with it, the pegs deliver the line as fast as it is
required by the progress of the shot, and that with
the leastpossible friction. Thus, the advance of the
shot is unimpeded. The mortar from which the shot
is fired is aimed in such a manner as to throw the
missile over and beyond the ship, aud thus when it
falls into the water the line attached to it comes
down across the deck of the ship and is seized by the
passengers and crew.
."Sometimes, in consequence of the darkness of th e
mght. the violence of the wind, and perhaps of the
agitation and confusion of tho scene, tbe first and
even the second trial may not be successful in throw-
ing the line aeross the wreck. The object is, how-
ever, generally attained on the second or third at-
tempt ; and then the end of the hawser is drawn out
to the wreck by means of the small line which the
shot had carried, and being mado fast and 'drawn
taut,' the bridge is completed on which the car is to
traverse to and fro.
" It was in the middle of January, and during a
terrific snowstorm, tbe ship Ayrshire,(referred to
and represented in the frontispiece,) with about two
hundred passengers, was driven upon the shore by
the storm, and lay there stranded, the sea beating
over her, and a surf so heavy rolling in as made it
impossible for any boat to reach her. It happened
that ono of the stations which we have described was
near. Thopcopieontheshoro assembled and brought
out toe apparatus. They fired the shot, taking aim
so well that the line fell directly across the wreck.
It was caught by the crew on board, and the hawser
hauled off. Tho car was then attached, and in a
short time every one of the two hundred passengers,
men, women, children, and even infants in their
motaers' arms, was brought safely through the
foaming surges and landed at the station. The car
which performed this service was considered as fully
entitled to an honorable discharge from active
duty."
It has been remarked that next winter, unless
it be different from every winter in the past,
there will be a hundred times the amount lost
in property that is asked to be appropriated.
But it is not property alone that, is lost, it is
human life. From the ship Ayrshire, which
went ashore on Squan beach, nearly two hun-
dred lives were saved by this apparatus, as
slated above, not one of whom could have been
saved without it. From another wreck near
Gape May over two hundred German emigrants
thanked God for the life-boats which saved
their lives under the brave management of the
surf-men.
At least one of these life-cars should bo
plaeed at every station, and there should be a
sufficient number of stations and men. As ife
has been, neither a suffieent number of stations
