1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
or surf-boats and men has been on this coast,
and at present no surf-men employed. The
se-cond session of the Forty-First Congress
made a small appropriation, " to pay six surf-
men to man each of the boats at alternate life-
saving stations on the New Jersey coast, com-
mencing at the first station from Sandy Hook,
and to be employed from December 15, to
March 15." If no appropriation is now made,
this dangerous coast is left for the first time in
twenty-five years without any appropriation or
any life-saving apparatus whatever. New Jer-
sey has been blamed because of the loss of life
and property that has taken place on her coast
the last year. I am informed from a reliable
source that not a life was lost and very little
property lost from any ship that came ashore
near the alternate stations where surf-men were
on hand. Ships that were lost, and for which
we have been censured for neglect of duty,
were lost by coming ashore so far from these
stations that help could not get to them in time
and they went to pieces. There are twenty-
eight stations on the coast of New Jersey,
about seven miles apart. The last winter, from
December 15 to March 15, six surf-men to man
each of the boats at alternate stations were
employed, thus giving only six men for each
boat fourteen miles apart, and all that human
power could accomplish with such a force was
done. The large nnmber of precious lives that
are in constant danger, the vast amount of
property that is liable to be destroyed on this
coast as it approaches or leaves our two great
commercial cities, New York and Philadelphia,
demand that the service be made thoroughly
efficient if so reasonable an appropriation can
do it.
Mr. Speaker, I have been on this coast at
different points. I have seen many of these
surf-men. I have liearfl their tales ofmanysad
shipwrecks there. Men, most of them experi-
enced as surf-men, with strong arms, noble
hearted, who would any time, most of them,
risk their own lives to save another, honest
and industrious, during the summer months,
earn their living by fishing and boating along
the coast. - In the winter most of them retire
inland for other occupations, and thus the
coast, many parts of it, is almost entirely
deserted in the winter and but few witness
their bravery and know but little of the great
risk they run of their own lives ; and I hold,
Mr. Speaker, that it is not only our duty to
make appropriation for this service, but to
make it ample enough that the service be made
effective, and all improvements in apparatus
adopted that will aid, protect, and save the
lives of the surf-men as well as those whom they
seek to rescue from the wrepk. I take the
liberty of quoting an extract from the remarks
of an eye-witness of two wrecks on New Jersey
coast, and his account of the bravery of these
surf-men and importance of stations well
equipped and near together. I quote from
Senator Stockton's speech, delivered a few
days ago in the Senate. He says:
" I saw two ships come ashore within four miles
of each other, one within a mile of the house I so-
journed in on Squan beach. X was there and saw
the mortar fired. I saw the line seized. I was near
enough to ga^e into the faces of the anxious and
suffering ones on board of that ship, women and
children as well as men; I could have tossed a bis-
cuit in the ship, and yet they might as well have been
ten miles off. I saw the captain's wife put in this
car, and helped draw her ashore and to take her
safely out of it. And every living human being was
saved from that ship. But down below, where 'the
other ship was wrecked, there was no station. I was
there and I saw the boldest and the bravest men the
world ever saw get into a life-boat, notwithstanding
the prayers and entreaties of their own families
dependent on them for bread that they would not do
so. I saw them start for that ship; I saw the boat
overset, and I saw it strike one man of that brave
little crew in the back and his liteless body washed
on shore, where wailed his desolate, heart-broken,
and impoverished family. Some lives were saved on
that occasion; the sea was not quite as high as it
was above, but the back of the ship, as it is called,
was broken, and many a life was lost, every one of
which might have been saved if you had had the
apparatus and a station there."
"When a vessel comes ashore in a storm they
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 41.
need prompt help, for generally they go to
pieces in a short time; and when surf-men
have to go seven and fourteen miles to render
assistance, they too freqently arrive too late to
be of any assistance.
Mr. Speaker, this is a question that interests
every one, to rescue lives and property. While
New Jersey comes here ana asks for this
appropriation, it is not in her own name, but
in the name of humanity that she asks this
sum of money; and if she did come in her
own name alone she feels it would be a just
demand. During the last eight years of rev-
enue laws she has paid into the United Stales
Treasury between forty and fifty millions of
dollars, while the State has received but a small
amount of appropriations for any purpose from
the Government since its existence. This
appropriation is not a benefit to New Jersey
alone, it is for the benefit of immigrants com-
ing t,o this country from abroad, it is for the
benefit of all who pass the New Jersey coast,
for the protection of their lives and property.
I hope the appropriation will be granted. It
is a right, just, and humane request, and iu
pressing this matter, I am doing it in obedi-
ence to, and instructions from, the Legislature
of my own State sending a special message
to Congress urging the appropriation.
Mr. COX. I concur in what has been stated
by the gentleman fromNewJersey, [Mr. Hill,]
that there are others interested in this matter
of the life-boat apparatus, this system of sav-
ing life and property. In fact, this interest of
the State of New Jersey is nothing in compar-
ison with the interest of the whole country.
The whole length of the coast of New Jersey
is about one hundred and ninety miles, but it
is the most dangerous portion of the coast,
perhaps, of the entire Atlantic sea-board.
I had the honor of offering a resolution,
which passed at the last session of Congress,
appropriating $10,000 for this alternate ser-
vice. But that service is hardly of any conse-
quence. The stations being fifteen miles apart,
if there is a ship wrecked on the coast during
the winter it is extremely difficult to render
any relief.
I am 'willing to accept this proposition to
apply tbis appropriation of $200,000 to the
coast of Long Island as well as of New Jersey.
For the present, perhaps, that would be suffi-
cient for both coasts. Indeed, a point of order
might be made against this amendment but
for the fact that the law of 1864 embraced both
the Long Island coast and the New Jersey
coast. That being the case, I am willing to
consent that this money should be applied to
both coasts. The House will remember that
Mr. Haight, of New Jersey, a member of the
last Congress, failed in a motion which he
submitted to keep up the whole service. I
myself afterward made a motion that the
service should be alternate along the coast,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] very gracefully accepted that propo-
sition.
If gentlemen will give attention to the fact
of the immense amount of commerce to be
protected and the great number of lives in-
volved, it is very clear that an appropriation
of $10,000 for this alternate service can be
of no practical consequence, especially in the
winter season. Nearly every gentleman in
this House knows something of the character
of this New Jersey coast. From Sandy Hook,
in fact clear down to Cape May, especially in
winter, along the whole extent of that coast,
our commerce is in constant peril. Whether
a ship come from the Isthmus, from Europe,
or from the North seas, whenever a ship
comes toward any of our important centers
of commerce—Baltimore, Philadelphia, New
York, Boston even—it is in danger, more or
less, from the perils of that coast.
When this subject was under consideration
before, I showed to this House a book which
gave a, history of this life-boat^ saving appa-
ratus and the mode of its operation. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]'will
remember how, in 18G0, the lives of four hun-
dred passengers on board a vessel in peril off
that coast were saved by the expedient of
firing a rope from a gun over the ship, so as
to make a connection between the ship and
the shore. A car was run along that line
from the ship to the shore, by means of which
all the four hundred passengers were safely
landed and the cargo of the ship was saved.
I might give other illustrations to show that
this service is almost indispensable. Great
Britain has made provisions for this service
to a very great extent, and the United States
also shoulij adopt similar provisions.
I hope no objections will be made to this
proposition from any quarter, because it con-
cerns the whole country and is not restricted
alone in its beneficent operations to New
J ersey. *
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to
trespass upon the time of this House in mak-
ing any very extended remarks; but as the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Finkei.xjsuuo,]
a few days ago, when this question was before
the House, suggested that it was not necessary
to appropriate $200,000 for only one hundred
and ninety miles of coast, wlieu the whole of
our coast was fully three thousand miles, it
may be proper for me to endeavor to disabuse
his mind of the idea which he seems to enter-
tain. His mind seems to be controlled by the
idea that bccause the sum proposed is large it
should be made to apply to a larger extent of
territory.
We do not make appropriations according
to the extent of the coast, but according to the
extent of the interests involved and the perils
incurred in navigation. We make appropria-
tions for the region where the immediate dan-
ger exists. We seek to save life and property.
We do not make appropriations for the build-
ing of light-houses and the establishment of
life-saving apparatus merely for the sake of
expending money in some particular neighbor-
hood or region of country, but in order that
property and lives may be saved in those regions
where experience and observation teach us the
necessity exists.
The briefest examination of this coast will
be sufficient to convince any mind laboring
with doubt upon this question that this appro-
priation is not only necessary, but that every
motive should prompt us to the outlay. My
earliest recollections are' vividly associated
with narratives respecting the dangers of this
coast. When in my own village mails were
unfrequent, and we received nothing but the
weekly news, we were during the winter sea-
son often occupied during the night watches
in listening to details of suffering and loss of
life upon this coast. Again and again have
we been interested by the hour in listening to
the rehearsal of the sufferings of mariners and
emigrants by shipwreck upon that coast.
Why, sir, there are doubtless those here who
remember well such occurrences as these:
numbers cast upon th6 shore in the darkness
of the night, their cries heard by those residing
upon the land, who were yet unable to render
any assistance, not because of the darkness,
but because of the fury of the waves. In the
morning the lifeless bodies of the shipwrecked
seamen and passengers would be discovered
upon the coast, and when the cold was severe
would be stark and stiff as statues.
Now, I ask this appropriation, not for New
Jersey. It is not our citizens, alone that wih
be benefited by it, but those engaged in carry-
ing on the commerce of the world, whoever
they maybe. We are not more interested than
gentlemen from Missouri, than the merchants
of St. Louis, than those who come from their
Fatherland, and from France and Ireland, to
seek a home in America, to cast their lot with
us. In behalf of these we support this ap-
propriation. In the interests of humanity we
say, give us $200,000 to be expended in accosd-
ance with the law passed in 1854. As J ersey-
