644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
a decoration on that account I do not see
why any persons in this Government should
object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio withdraw his objection?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; I think it_ is a
daty I owe to the Senator from California to
object.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN DISORDERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Massachusetts, then, is in possession of the
floor.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am under the necessity
of declining to act upon the Committee for the
Investigation of Southern Outrages. I ask to
be excused from service on that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts asks to be excused from service
on the joint committee ordered by both branches
of Congress for the investigation of alleged
outrages in the South. If there be no objec-
tion the Senator will be excused. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is so ordered. How
shall the vacancy be filled?
Several Sbnatoes. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
fill the vacancy if there be no objection.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. I inquire whether there is
any further objection to passing the inoffensive
bill from the House of Representatives which
I hold in my hand and which I have several
times brought to the notice of the Senate, pro-
viding for the establishment of a great number
of post routes. I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont will withdraw the objection he made.
Do I hear the Senator say there is no objec-
tion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not exactly; it is the
other way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont object?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, for the present.
I ask that we proceed with the regular order
of the day.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are in order. If there be none the Sen-
ate will resume the consideration of House bill
No. 320, upon which the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thbrman] is entitled to the floor.
FEINTING OF CENSUS KEPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before the Senator from
Ohio proceeds, I wish to-make a report which
I neglected to do before the morning business
concluded. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the resolution of
the Senate for printing additional copies of the
preliminary report of the census, have instruct-
ed me to report it back and recommend that
the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island, from the Committee on Print-
ing, recommends concurrence in the House
amendment to the Senate concurrent resolu-
tion in regard to printing the ccnsus report.
The Secretary will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk i#ad the amendment of the
House of Representatives, which was to strike
out all of the Senate resolution after the word
"concurring" and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That there be printed twenty-five thousand copies
of the first volume of the census of 1870, fifteen thou-
sand five hundred copies of which shall be for the
use of the House of Representatives, seven thousand
copies of which shall be for the use of the Senate,
and twenty-five hundred copies of which shall he for
the.use of the Census Bureau; also ten thousand
copies of the secoud volume of the census of 1870,
sixty-five hundred copies of which shall be for the
use of the House of Representatives, twenty-five
hundred copies of which shall he for the use of the
foenatc, and one thousand copies of which shall be
lor the use of the Census Bureau; also fifteen thou-
sand copies of the third volume of the census of 1870,
eighty-five hundred copies of which shall be for the
use of the House of Representatives, four thousand
copies of which shall be for the use of the Senate,
and twenty-five hundred copies of which shall be for
the use of the Census Bureau.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is enlarging very
much the scope of that book, making three
volumes. It has never been so much before,
I think.
Mr. ANTHONY. For the last census it
was four volumes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had forgotten that. I
remember now that there was a supplementary
volume.
Mr. ANTHONY. The number of copies now
reported is larger than the number ten years
ago, but the number of volumes is smaller.
The country is considerably larger now than
it was then, and this is the most important
work that we print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ' How many is it pro-
posed to publish of each of these volumes ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Twenty-five thousand of
one, ten thousand of another, and fifteen thou-
sand of another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And how many of the
preliminary report?
Mr. ANTHONY. What has been called
the preliminary report will not be made until
all the results are ascertained. It will be an
abstract of all the information, of all the re-
sults of the census. That cannot be properly
made until the whole work is completed; but
it is the intention of the Superintendent of the
Census that all of these three volumes shall
be completed by the next meeting of Congress,
which is much earlier than we have ever had
them before. Then it is his intention, if he is
authorized to do so by Congress, as I presume
he will be, to prepare an abstract of the whole
as a manual for ordinary use, and that will be
the one of which we shall print a large number
of copies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is going to embar-
rass us very much. That will be the very thing
that the whole country will want. The pre-
liminary report was circulated over the United
States ten years ago by the hundred thousand.
It is a very desirable book. But these four
volumes, as I understand it 
Mr. ANTHONY. Three volumes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Three volumes will not
go more than one to a county.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They only
need go to public libraries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There will not be more
than one to a county, and the preliminary
report, which is of great value, is the very
thing that ought to go out first.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is true 
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Rhode Island that the Legisla-
ture of my own State is now in session, as also
the Legislatures of many other States. They
have no official repot of the population of the
State of Ohio, and the constitution of Ohio
makes the decennial apportionment of the
Legislature depend upon this census, and it
ought to be published in some official authen-
tic form during this session of Congress.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my colleague allow
me to correct him?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The constitution of Ohio
requires that thatapportionmentshall be made
six months before the election, and that com-
pelled the Governor of Ohio, with the other
members of the commission to make that appor-
tionment, to make it by the 10th day of this
month, which they have done, and the Gov-
ernor has proclaimed it.
Mr. SHERMAN. But in the mean time there
has been nb official statement upon which they
could act. They have acted upon informal
statements which have been furnished them,
as I understand. I think there ought to be a
preliminary report of the census njade imme-
diately.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio, whether we ought not call by res-
olution On die Census Bureau to furnish us the
population of each State. They can do that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They cannot do it now,
because they have not got it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may be some
counties in Texas the returns from which have
been lost, but we could have it with sufficient
accuracy to enable the States to make their
apportionments upon it. My State is now ap-
portioning representatives and senators. The
Legislature is now in session, and this official
communication onght to be made. I have not
had my attention specially turned to it; but I
think the Senator from Rhode Island (and I
suggest it to him) ought to propose a resolu-
tion at once calling on the Superintendent of
the Census to communicate officially the pop- •
ulation of the respective States.
Mr. ANTHONY. The population of the
whole country is not quite ascertained; there
are five counties back. The Superintendent
of the Census told me he expected to have
those in the course of a week, and then the
returns can be made complete,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us get what we can.
Mr. ANTHONY. With regard to the small
number of copies printed of the entire census,
I will state that the book is stereotyped, and
we purposely made the edition rather smaller
now because it will be in the power of Con-
gress at any time to increase the number with-
out additional cost. The preliminary report
cannot be valuable if it is printed in advance
of obtaining the entire results of the eensus.
The preliminary report, so called, to be of
any value, must be a supplemental report. It
must contain an abstract of all the informa-
tion of the census, and that will be prepared
as soon as the entire results are ascertained.
To prepare it now, with the imperfect inform-
ation on hand, would make an acceptable, but
not a very reliable, volume. The Committee
on Printing had full conversation with the
Superintendent of the Census on the subject,
and we were all of opinion that his view on this
matter was correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment of the House
of Representatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois move a resolution he indicated?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would if I had time
to write it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with the
regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me move the reso-
lution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When you get it ready.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can write it out after-
ward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Write it out first, and I
will then see what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurjiax] will proceed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I give notice that after
the pending bill is disposed of I will call up
the amendment I offered yesterday to the Sen-
ate rule restricting legislative business.
REVISION OF TAXATION.
Mr. CASSERLY. I observe by this morn-
ing's Globe that the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio nearest me [Mr. Sherman] passed
yesterday, and at the time he was good enough
to say that, if I had a desire for it, he would con-
sent at any time to a reconsideration. I should
like to have the vote on the passage of the
resolution reconsidered, because I think that
it requires some qualification, and there are
some things to be coftsidered about it that I
should like to bring to the notice of the Sen-
ator himself. I will not do it to-day ; but, in
accordance with his offer, I should like to have
the motion to reconsider made and considered
as adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California desires to have the resolution agreed
to yesterday, instructing the Committee on Fi-
nance, during the recess, in regard to taxation,
reconsidered. Does the Senator from Ohio
object?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot object; but that
