648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
persons, which are of frequent occurrence,
the domestic violence that is to authorize the
President to do these acts, adds much to the
heinousness of the outrage upon the Consti-
tution. But the culminating crime against
liberty and the American people is the auda-
cious attempt to transform those frequent and
ordinary offenses against the States into re-
bellion against the United States, to afford a
pretext to clothe the President with the power
of an absolute military despot by authorizing
him to declare martial law and suspend the
writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. President, there are certain words and
phrases embodied in the Constitution, of the
most important significance, and their mean-
ing at the time of its adoption was fixed by it,
and cannot be changed by any legislation, con-
gressional or State. Among them are " trea-
son," "writ of habeas corpus," "bill of at-
tainder," "expost facto law," "trial by jury,"
and "rebellion." The definition and mean-
ing of those words, in giving construction to
the Constitution, must be sought in contem-
porary authorities; it is beyond the compe-
tency of Congress to define them or to abro-
gate or change that meaning. It is this fixed
sense of that, and other language in the Con-
stitution. that forms one of the principal ele-
ments of the stability of our Government.
Mr. Madison, in a letter to H. Lee, of date
June 25, 1824, says:
"With a view to this last object, I entirely concur
in the propriety of resorting to the sense in which
the Constitution was accepted and ratified by the
nation. In that sensealone it is the legitimate Con-
stitution. And if that be notthe guide in expound-
ing it, there can be no security for a consistent and
stable, more than a faithful exercise of its power. If
the meaning of the text be sought in the changeable
meaning of the words composing it. it is evident that
the shape and attributes of the (iovernmcnt must
partnko of the changes to which the words and
phrases of all living languages are constantly sub-
ject. What a metamorphosis would be produced in
the code of law if all its ancient phraseology were to
be taken in its modern sense!"
Story, in his Commentaries, says, (volume
two, page 383:)
_ "The first and fundamental rule in the interpreta-
tion of all instruments is to construe them accord-
ing to the sense of the terms and the intention of
the parties."
The sense of those terms cannot be changed
by congressional legislation, but only by an
amendment to the Constitution.
That the language of all laws and written
instruments shall be construed according to
the sense in which the parties to them under-
stood it, and that the contemporaneous mean-
ing of the language used in them is to be em-
ployed to ascertain that sense, are universal
rules of construction recognized by all courts,
by the Supreme Court of the United States
generally, and specially in relation to the Con-
stitution. In article one, section nine, para-
graph two, it is provided :
"The privilege of the writ of haheai corpus shall
not be suspended, unless in cases of rebellion or
invasion the public safety may require it."
What is meant by the term "rebellion " as
thus used in the Constitution of the United
States? "An avowed and open renunciation
of the authority of the government to which
one owes allegiance; or the taking of arms
traitorously to resist the authority of lawful
government." Rebellion differs from insur-
rection and mutiny. Insurrection may be a
rising in opposition to a particular act or law,
without a design to renounce wholly all sub-
jection to the Government. Insurrection may
be, but is not necessarily, rebellion. Mutiny is
an insurrection of soldiers or seamen against
the authority of their officers. " Invasion of
the United States" would be the hostile
entrance into any portion of their territory by
a foreign Power; not the hostile entrance by
one of the States into the territory of another
State.
The ideas attached to and intended to be
expressed by these terms, " rebellion," "in-
surrection," "mutiny," and "invasion,"
when applied to the United States, were the
same at the era of the adoption of the Consti-
tution and for a long period previously, and
are not different nov?; all have been illus-
trated in our history. The rising of the Col-
onies against England, and of the southern
States against the Government of the United
States, were rebellion ; and of some counties
of Pennsylvania against the collection of the
whisky excise was insurrection. We have had
some inconsiderable mutinies in our Army and
Navy, and we had invasions of the United
States in the war of independence and of 1812.
We all know too well, and most sadly, what
rebellion against the United States is; that it
is an armed, open, and avowed combination to
throw off their government, or to resist the
execution of their law; and that the attempt
by this bill to give the domestic violence,
unlawful combinations, and conspiracies in
the States contemplated by it the name,
the crime of rebellion against the United
States, and to visit upon the people of the
States where they occur the terrible concomi-
tants of rebellion, is both an outrageous folly
and crime. The whole effort is dismally puerile
and grotesque. Congress has but to proceed
to make equivalent changes in the meaning
and force o t'other important wordsand phrases
in the Constitution and we will have an abso-
lute military despotism, not only in fact, but
in language and form.
When was it heard before that offenses
against a State and its law were or conld be
made crimes against the United States ; that
offenses against a State that were not rebel-
lion against it were or could be made rebellion
against the United States? This is the shallow
and contemptible trickery by which States that,
if left to have a free election, will not vote for
the reelection of General Grant to the Presi-
dency, and for radical candidates generally,
are to be put in a position of rebellion against
the United States, to make the necessary mil-
itary appliances to have their votes counted
for the continuance of Radical rule. What
express provisions of the Constitution, or
what necessary implications infolded in any
of its expressions, give power or the color of
authority to Congress to pass such a bill? All
its supporters answer, section five of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States. That section is in these words:
"The Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article."
No one claims that it has any other source
of such a power, and the whole office of the
section is to give authority to pass such laws
as may be appropriate to give effect to the
other provisions of that amendment; and the
position is. that this monstrous bill would be
appropriate legislation to carry into operation
those provisions.
This fifth section does not abrogate any
express provision of the Constitution ; it does
not do this by its language ; 'and no implica-
tion or inference from language that does not
express it can have the effect of abolishing
an express provision of the Constitution. A
contrary rule of interpretation would enable
legislation, guided by fruitful minds, under
the guise of passing laws to enforce express
provisions of the Constitution, to make its un-
euumerated powers absorb all those enum-
erated ; for laws could be devised that would
carry powers very efficient in executing one
or more enumerated powers, that would be
incompatible with other enumerated powers;
and if the effect were the abrogation of the
latter, the process might be continued until
the clause vesting in Congress unenumerated
powers could be made to swallow the Gov-
ernment.
For. example, if this bill contained sections
establishing crimes ex post facto, and attainder,
they might be framed to aid materially the
enforcement of this fourteenth amendment;
and, to-day at least, no one would assert the
constitutional power of Congress to pass them;
and the bill in its existing shape is little less
revolting, and there is no more power to pass
it. But let us see what there is in the four-
teenth amendment which requires appropriate
congressional legislation to enforce, the un-
doubted fundamental condition of such legisla-
tion being that it must be constitutional, in
addition to being most fit, suitable, and proper.
The first section declares :
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subjeet to tho jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside."
The only purpose of this provision was to
abolish discriminations, and to give, "without
regard to race, color, or previous condition,"
citizenship; and to invest those who previously
had been withheld from any rights, privileges,
or immunities all that had been common to
persons then citizens of the United States, and
thus to put the colored citizens upon the same
level with white citizens. This provision ap-
plies to all citizens, without regard to color,
age, or sex; and yet it gives to no woman or
minor the right to rote, and its only effect is
to abolish all discriminations against the black
or colored race. To the extent that the laws
of any State may make such discriminations
Congress may intervene to abolish them, but
no further. The other provisions of this sec-
tion do not operate upon, though for the ben-
efit of, individuals; they are addressed to the
States and tlieirgovernments, and are in these
words:
"Ko State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges orimmunitiesoi citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
The appropriate legislation of Congress to
enforce those provisions would be to pass acts
declaring all State laws which contravene their
objects to be unconstitutional, null, and void,
or to provide for all cases involving them to be
instituted in the United States courts, or to be
transferred into them from the State courts, or
Congress might adopt both those remedies.
I can call to mind but one State in relation
to a single matter where such legislation by
Congress is necessary: the exclusion by the
laws of Kentucky of negro testimony from her
courts in all cases where a white person is a
party, and the constitutional and appropriate
legislation by Congress was the passage of a
law providing, that any party to a suit pending
in a State court who had negro evidence might
remove it into the United States court, and
such a law has been peacefully executed in
that State .for several years. But the mon-
strous measure under consideration is in no
sense appropriate or constitutional. Story, in
his Commentaries, in speaking of the construc-
tion of the Constitution, says:
"It can never abrogate the text; it can never
fritter away its obvious sense; it can never narrow
down its t.rue limitations; it can never enlarge it3
natural boundaries."
In treating of the incidental powers of Con-
gress, the same writer adopts the principle
laid down by Chief Justice Marshall on the
subject of auxiliary legislation by Congress,
and says, substantially in his words:
"Let the end be legitimate, let it be within tho
scope of4 the Constitution, and all means which are
appropriate, which are plainly adapted to the end
ai.ld, which are not prohibited, but are consistent
with toe letter and spirit of the instrument, are
constitutional."
The fourteenth amendment is not to be con-
strued independently of every other part of
the Constitution, but in connection with all
its provisions and in subordination to them
so far as their proper meaning and effect is to
predominate over it. Before this test of con-
stitutional principle this bill would fall quickly
and irretrievably; it would come under this
condemnation of the same great judge;
Should Congress, in the execution of its powers.
