650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
say, "Let us have peace." I do not want to
sit here all this night long. I do not want to
sit-'fiere, as I have sometimes sat here, until
rosy dawn. . I d=o want to look at Guido's
picture of Auj?ora, nor at Aurora, in fact, when
' the vote on $his bill shall take place. I want
gentlemen,- who, however much they differ in
politics, are yet considerate for each other, to
come to an amicable understanding when this
vote shall be taken, and let us go home and
enjoy the time which God has given us for rest.
Air. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, as
my friend has made two speeches on the
merits, and has had all the rights the rules
give him, we may as well go on with the debate
lor all that I see.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Let us go on with the
regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is there not some way of
ascertaining whether there is really a majority
of the Senate determined to keep us here?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes. You can move to
adjourn and we can determine it in a minute.
Mr. CASSERLY. Il seems to me, as we on
this side are perfectly ready to state that we
shall be willing to take the vote at three o'clock
to-morrow, the Senate can very safely adjourn
now without any question of unanimous con-
sent as to any agreement. If gentlemen on
the other side wish to talk, of course they will
be at liberty to talk after the hour, but. so far
as we are concerned, I do not think there is
any disposition on our side to talk after three
o'clock to-morrow. For the purpose of ascer-
taining whether upon this bill, after a three-
days' discussion merely, it is the intention of
the majority to force a vote, I will move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion first?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable if the Senator from
California insists upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I submit to Senators who
desire to speak on this question—I am not
one of them—that we should agree that the
Senator in charge of the bill shall take the floor
to-morrow at one o'clock, and then, at the
close of his remarks, we go on to vote on the
amendments and the bill withoutfurther debate;
and Senators who desire to debate it can occupy
the time between now and one o'clock to-mor-
row just as they choose, sit here as long as
the please and adjourn when they choose.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I will sug-
gest three o'clock. Why not say three o'clock ?
Then we can get through with the bill to-mor-
row evening.
Mr. ANTHONY. Because, if the vote is
taken on the bill after the Senator from Ver-
mont shall have closed the debate, he begin-
ning at three o'clock, it would affect its going
to the House of Representatives and the action
of that House. The House has got to act on
our amendments, if any are adopted.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Then say
two o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator in charge
of the bill, who has taken no time at all upon
it, must of course close the debate.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; he has a right
to close the debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. And he ought to have
his own time; he is never very long; but a
great deal has been said which it is necessary
for him to answer, and I think one o'clock is
quite as lato as we should agree to his begin-
ning to speak.
Mr. CONKLING, I think we had better
go on as we are.
. Mr. ANTHONY. I make this suggestion
in the interest of peace and harmony.
Mr HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
that there are not many amendments; they
are but some five or six in number, aud five
or six votes can be taken very soon. If we
conclude the debate at three o'clock, and then
proceed to vote, the House, if it thinks proper
to remain in session, can have the bill by half
past four o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. I am told they will not
get through with the deficiency bill before
to-morrow afternoon.
Mr. ANTHONY. They will get through
with it in fifteen minutes when they have this
bill, and not before.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
that if we close the debate at three, o'clock
to-morrow it will not take us thirty minutes to
vote on these amendments, and the House can
have the bill by four o'eiock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall stay here just as
long as the Senator in charge of the bill says.
I consider myself under his orders. I always
consider myself under the orders of the Sen-
ator who has charge of a pending bill. I do
not believe Senators on this side of the Cham-
ber will agree to a later hour than one o'clock.
If that will satisfy Senators on the other side,
I think that arrangement may be effected, but
I do not know that it can be.
Mr. CRAGIN. Let me add to the sugges-
tion, suppose we agree that the Senator from
Vermont shall have the floor at one o'clock
to-morrow to close the debate, and that we
now take a recess until half past seven o'clock
and come back and stay here and allow gen-
tlemen on the other side to speak until such
time as they move to adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why take a recess?
Mr. CRAGIN. Well, we can go right on if
the Senate pleases. In that way we shall not
stay here all night.
Mr. ANTHONY- I take it that the time is
not to be given altogether to the other side.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, no ; we do not askit.
Mr. ANTHONY. Letitbe fairly divided, as
it has been, I think, one on each side alter-
nately.
Mr. THURMAN. The suggestion of the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Cragix,]
I must be permitted to say, is fairer than any
that has yet been made, it seems to me ; but I
do think we ought not to say that the Senator
who has the bill in charge should take the floor
as early as one o'clock to-morrow. I do not
think that is right. I am told that the House
of Representatives has agreed to certain amend-
ments that we have ntade to the deficiency bill,
but that there are a large number of amend-
ments as to which it does not agree, and which
have not been discussed in the House at all,
and that there is no probability of that House
passing the deficiency bill before four or five
o'clock to morrow afternoon.
There is no necessity, therefore, for hurry-
ing this matter in this way. I still believe
that the best thing we could do would be to
agree to take the vote on the bill at four o' clock
to-morrow afternoon; but I do not believe we
ough t to have any continuous session here. If
you fix one o'clock to-morrow for the Senator
from Vermont to take the floor to close the
debate on this bill, you may adjourn in ten
minutes, and then we shall have but two hours
to-morrow for discussion.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; a part of the prop-
osition I made was that the Senate should
remain in session this evening as long as Sen-
ators chose to speak; and I have no objection
to meeting to-morrow at ten o'clock. There
is no reason why we should not do that; there
are no committees to meet in the morning.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from Rhode
Island knows just as well as I do that if it be
understood thatthe vote shall not betaken until
some time to-morrow, and then you either con-
tinue in session or take a recess, there will not
be half a dozen Senators here -to-night.
Mr. ANTHONY. There have not been half
a dozen Senators listening to the debate for
the last three days. I have looked through
this Chamber when debate was going on upon
this bill, and very able and interesting debate
too, and there were not half a dozen Senators
attending to the debate.
Mr. COLE. For the purpose of unraveling
this matter, I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business
["No!" "No!"] only a little while; we
can come out again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us determine now
what we shall do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California insist on his motion ?
Mr. COLE. I think it best.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend to let
us determine first whether we will go forward
or not.
Mr. COLE. Very well; I withdraw the
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state to the Senate that he is advised of two
Senators on the right of the Chair and two 011
the left of the Chair who desire to be heard,
at what length he does not know, on the pend-
ing bill; there may be others.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is no objection I
will proceed, not at length, but briefly, on
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ The Senator
from Massachusetts is recognized, as the mo-
tion to adjourn has been withdrawn.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator give way for
a short executive session?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don now ; I will give way very soon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts declines to yield.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the ques-
tions presented in this debate have been of
fact and of constitutional law. It i3 insisted
on one side that a condition of things exists in
certain States affecting life, liberty, property,
and the enjoyment of Equal Rights, which
can be corrected only by the national arm. On
the other side this statement is controverted,
and it is argued also that such intervention
is inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States. On both questions, whether of
fact or law, I cannot hesitate. To my mind,
outrages are proved, fearful in character ; nor
can I doubt the power under the Constitution
to apply the remedy.
The evidence is cumulative. Ruffians in
paint and in disguise seize the innocent, insult
them, rob them, murder them. Communi-
ties are kept under this terrible shadow. And
this terror falls especially upon those who
have stood by the Union in its bloody trial
and those others of different color who have
just been admitted to the blessings of freedom.
To both of these classes is our nation bound
by every obligation of public faith. We can-
not see them sacrificed without apostacy. If
the power to protect them fails then is the
national Constitution a failure.
I do not set forth the evidence, for this has
been amply done by others, and to repeat it
would be only to occupy time and to darken
the hour. The report of the committee at least
as regards one State, the testimony of the
public press, the stories of violence with which
the air is laden and private letters with their
painful narrations—all these unite, leaving uo
doubt as to the harrowing condition of things
in certain States, lately in rebellion; not the
same in all these States or in all parts of a
State, but such as to show in many States the
social fabric menaced, disturbed, imperiled
in its very foundations, while life, liberty,
property, and the enjoyment of equal rights are
without that security which is the first condi-
tion of civilization. This is the case simply
stated. If such things can be without a remedy
applied if need be by the national arm, then
are we little more than a bundle of sticks, but
not a nation. Believing that we are a nation,
I cannot doubt the power and the duty of the
national Government. Thus on general grounds
do I approach the true conclusion.
So long us Slavery endured a State was
allowed to play the turtle, and, sheltered within
