1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
Mr. CASSERLY. That is exactly what I
want to understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the arrange-
ment t,o imply that after I shall have concluded
what little I have to say, beginning at one
o'clock to-morrow, then the debate terminates,
and we dispose of the bill and of the amend-
mentswithout further debate. [" Certainly."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was the
understanding when the hour was sought to be
fixed before, that the Senator from Vermont
should terminate the debate, except by unani-
mous consent. Of course any Senator may
ask unanimous consent of the Senate to speak.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to make a
suggestion. Debate on this bill may disclose
some views on both sides that have not occurred
to anybody or generally ; and I suggest to the
Senator from Vermont and the Senator from
New York also, if he will pardon me, whether
they will not agree that from one to two o'clock
to-morrow there shall be one hour for general
debate on the amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot agree to that.
The scope and effect of the amendments was
explained by me in opening the bill ; they have
been criticised by my friend from Illinois ; they
have been attacked by the Senators on the side
of my friend from California ; so that their
scope and effect is perfectly well understood,
I submit, and there will be no new ideas about
them. There may be some new proof.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from California to
object to the understanding ? He did not rise
at the time the Chair first propounded that
inquiry.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; on the contrary,
havingspent some time in endeavoring to bring
about an accommodation, I do not propose to
object at this moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairunder-
stands, then, that that agreement is assented
to by the Sen-ate, unanimously.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it part of the agree-
ment that the Senate meet to-morrow at ten
o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, doubtless, thegen-
(lemen on the other side wish to occupy the
floor before the time assigned to the Senator
from Vermont to close the debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I prefer that the order for
meeting at ten o'clock should be fixed by a
vote of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is done by
unanimous consent, which is as efficacious as
a vote.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a part of the
arrangement which ought not to be enforc^,
unless gentlemen on the other side wish it. I
have no objection to it myself. What I mean
to say is, that nobody ought to be required to
come at ten o'clock, unless that hour be fixed
by the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to move that when we meet to-morrow we shall
meet at ten o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to receiving that motion? The Chair
hears none. The Chair will put the question
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet at ten o'clock to morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 move now that we take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator withdraw that
for a moment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California was recognized as entitled to the
floor on the bill if he claims it.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; I do not claim
the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate now take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that the
Senator from Missouri wishes to address the
Senate.
Mr. NYE. I desire, before we adjourn or
take a recess, to have a document read as
pertinent to this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio has moved that the Senate now
take a recess until half past seven o'clock, and
the Senator from Nevada rises and asks that,
pending the motion for a recess, some docu-
ment may be read.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Was not
the proposition for a recess agreed to by unan-
imous consent? I so understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Authority was
given to take a recess, but the recess itself
was not taken. The Senator from Ohio has now
moved that the recess be taken ; but the Sen-
ator from Nevada has sent to the desk some
document which he asks to have read. The
Chair thinks this is scarcely' germane to the
motion for a recess, but he does not know
what the contents of the document are.
Mr. NYE. I think it is perfectly germane.
I propose to oppose the recess, and that is why
I sent the document to the Chair to be read
as the basis of my argument.
Mr. CONKLING. May I have the permis-
sion of the Senator to ask a question of the
Chair while the document is being looked up?
Mr. NYE. I have sent it up.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to inquire whether
it is part of this agreement that no votes are
to be taken to-night or until to-morrow at one
o'clock. ["Certainly, it is so understood."]
I ask so that nobody need come to-night unless
those who wish to debate the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No other business is to
be done except by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly ; no
vote can be taken on the bill, the Chair thinks,
even by unanimous consent, because that has
been thrown over until to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senate have unani-
mously agreed to take a recess, and I submit
that it should be taken. •
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for a vote on the
question of taking a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the motion for a recess can be put by the
unanimous order of the Senate. The question
is on the motion that the Senate now take a
recess.
Mr. NYE. Is that question debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, in
this unanimous consent, ordered that if any
Senator desired a recess for the purpose of
speakipg this evening it should be taken. •
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have another understanding which I
have no doubt is already understood, and that
is that we are not to have auy executive ses-
sion to-night, or do any other business except
attending to this bill. ["Certainly not."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
-the Senate now take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-five minute3 p. m.) the
Senate took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. in.
EVENING SESSION,
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. OSBORN obtained the floor.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Florida yield to the Senator from
Nevada ?
Mr. OSBORN. Yes, sir; but I proposed
to make a few remarks on the pending bill.
Mr. NYE. Very well ; go on.
Mr. OSBORN. Is it in order to move an
amendment to this bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be pro-
posed and reserved until after the committee's
amendments have been disposed of.
Mr. OSBORN. I move to amend the sixth
section of the bill by striking out all after the
word "crime," in the thirteenth line, in the
following words:
And the act entitled "An act defining additional
causes of challenge and prescribing an additional
oath for grand and petit jurors in the United States
courts," approved June 17,1862, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
That the State courts in the several States
have been unable to enforce the criminal laws
of their respective States or to suppress the
disorders existing, and in fact that the pres-
ervation of life and property in many sections
of the country is beyond the power of the
State government, is a sufficient reason why
Congress should, so far as they have authority
under the Constitution, enact the laws ncecs-
sary for the protection of citizens of the Uni-
ted Slates. The question of the constitutional
authority for the requisite legislation has been
sufficiently discussed.
The question now is, what and where is the
remedy ? I believe the true remedy lies chiefly
in the United States district and circuit
courts. If the State courts had proven them-
selves competent to suppress the local dis-
orders, or to maintain law and order, we
should not have been called upon to legislate
upon this subject at all. But they have not
done so. We are driven by existing facts to
provide for the several States in the South
what they have been unable fully to provide
for themselves'; i. e., the full and complete
administration of justice in the courts. And
the courts with reference to which we legislate
must be the United States courts. The report
of the committee shows that every man who
takes the oath of the order known as the Ku
Klux Klan and becomes obedient to its rules
is bound to perjure himself to protect the
members of the order, no matter how great
the crime for which they may be presented to
a grand jury or for which they may be upon
trial. All the testimony laid before us by the
committee bearing upon this point proves con-
clusively that this is the interpretation given
to this oath by those who take it and that this
is the practice under it.
The State courts, mainly under the influence
of this oath, are utterly powerless then. What
shall we do to maintain order and to punish
the guilty in a community where a large pro-
portion of the people are bound together by
oaths and obligations, having pass-words, signs
of recognition, and whose well-defined and
clearly-proven object is to gain political con-
trol by intimidation and murder, solemnly obli-
gated to clear the guilty or condemn the inno-
cent, according as the one may be a broher
in crime and the other a political opponent?
What can we do when such men are allowed
to crowd each other forward upon juries and
upon the witness-stand, with no purpose or
object but to swear to truth or falsehood, to
condemn or to acquit as may best advance the
interests of their order? Justice is mocked,
innocence punished, perjury rewarded, and
crime defiant in the halls of justice.
My associates on this floor from the more
northern States have no adequate appreciation
of the circumstances under which loyal men
in many parts of the South are living. Men
who passed through our late war fearlessly
meeting an open, avowed enemy, men who
have gone to the South from other States in
the lawful and harmless pursuit of their proper
vocations, industrious emigrants from Euro-
pean States, white men who were born at the
