656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IB,
reconstruction) the white people of _the South
were mostly controlled in their political action
by the counsels of the Democratic party of the
North. That voice which had by its siren
notes lured them on to the rocks of secession,
which had assured them through some of its
most revered organs that the northern loyal-
ists who might attempt to maintain the na-
tional integrity should have their hands kept
fall at home while rebellion played its terri-
ble r61e elsewhere, had yet potency enough to
mislead them. The rebellion should have
been a Circe to warn them of the necessity of
closing their ears to such a voice. It is sad,
sir, to think what woes have comi|from their
failure to heed the lessons of the past. It is
melancholy to reflect that men who had staked
their all on a contest which never would have
arisen but for its northern aiders, abettors, and
sympathizers, and who had lost all on that
stake, should not have learned more wisdom
by so terrible a lesson.
Yet I state facts only when I assert that but
for the doctrines enunciated by the magnates
of the northern Democratic party, in Congress
and out of Congress, doctrines which found a
terse and vigorous expression in the celebrated
Brodhead letter of the honorable Senator from
Missouri, and which were thoroughly indorsed
by the national convention which placed that
distinguished gentleman in nomination for the
second office under the Government, the masses
of the southern whites would have not only
accepted the terms of reconstruction, but
would have come forward and joined hands
in the work, which was not only the work of
the patriot, the statesman, and the Christian,
but a far nobler work than they had ever before
been called upon to do.
The same energy which exhibited itself in
efforts to make reconstruction a farce and a
miserable failure, if put forth by the northern
Democrats to make it a success, would have
brought blessings upon every household in the
land, and upon every southern State would
have poured a flood of blessings which, to
have been instrumental in procuring, would
have been the crowning glory of any political
party. Yet, when it lay in their power to do
so grand a work, the Democratic party did all
that was possible to obstruct it, and appealed
to every sentiment and prejudice and passion
of southern men to induce them to defeat it.
Partisan success was with them a higher
obligation than peace, good order, resuscitation
of the national resources, the development of
a healthy political sentiment and action in the
South; in short, than the reign of liberty, law,
and civilization.
That partisan success did not come when
they expected it. The American people did
not sympathize sufficiently with the spirit which
prompted such action. I trust it may be long
ere that spirit shall be indorsed by a majority
in this country.
God grant that the Democratic party may
ere long learn wisdom enough to heed the
counsels of some of its bravest and best men,
who advise a thorough acquiescence in the
acts of reconstruction, and regard the facts of
reconstruction as irreversible.
God grant that they may use their efforts
not to overthrow, to break down, or to restrict
the rights which have been given to all men
by these acts, but rather to fortify and secure
them by lending their voice and their counsel
to their southern allies, and persuading them
that the road to peace and security and wealth
and happiness is through the agencies of law
and education and industry, and by the sup-
port and purification of the local governments,
rather than by the brand, the scourge, the
knife, and the bullet.
_ If the Democratic party of the North will
give this advice; if they will act on this plat-
form ; if they will join us in measures to sup-
press wrong and outrage, whether perpetrated
by political friends or foes, and let the dead past
bury its dead ; if they will join in a friendly
rivalry with us to secure more perfectly the
rights, immunities, and privileges which under
the Constitution are guarantied to all citizens,
I for one will not grudge thema victory which
I would gladly share.
They could have uttered words during the
progress of the war which would have brought
it to an end months, perhaps years, before it
actually closed. They could have given coun-
sel which would have silenced all cavil at the
South as to the terms of reconstruction, and
would have engaged the great mass of the
southern whites in the work of reconstruction.
They could now send forth utterances potent
to paralyze every arm lifted to inflict wrong
and outrage upon the newly-enfranchised
citizen.
And, Mr. President, until they put them-
selves right on these questions; until'they cease
making excuses for outrages which wring the
hearts of all civilized men; until they abstain
frt>m counseling resistance to constituted au-
thority by unlawful acts, so long shall I regard
their course pernicious to all good govern-
ment, their party triumph an unmixed evil,
and their leadership incompatible with the
plainest duties of man.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I do not rise for
the purpose of making a speech ; I propose
that those who are opposed to this bill shall
make the speeches; but I rise for the purpose
of presenting to the Senate, as proper food for
consideration here, a document which I desire
to have read as part of my remarks.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Bctherfordton, North Cakolixa,
Aprd 9,1871.
Dear Sir: It becomes my painful duty to inform
you that various outrages, as I have been informed
and believe, have been committed in this county and
the county of Cleveland by persons masked and dis-
guised. and a number of which have been of very
recent date, and the last one of which I have heard
was committed last night, by about forty persons
masked and disguised, on one of our most respect-
able citizens, Mr. Aaron Biggerstaff, who lives about
nine miles from this place, and who your Excellency
no doubt knows. His character for honesty, moral-
ity, and fair dealing is unimpeachable, but he is a
bold, determined, and fearless Republican.
There are a great many other cases, but the per-
sons on whom violence has been committed refuse
to disclose whatever they may know about those
who commit these evil deeds, because, they say, they
have no protection. The persons who made the raid
on Biggerstaff repeatedly threatened my life, as well
as other Republicans, and said that I should not
hold court at Cleveland, which should commence
to-morrow. I shall not go to Cleveland at present,
nor until I am satisfied the people can have pro-
tection.
! I am perfectly satisfied beyond any reasonable
i doubt that the civil authority cannot be maintained
I here. We must have help„or we must flee the coun-
i try and give it up to the Ku Klux, or perhaps meet
' the fate that others have done. 1 write this to
ask of you military aid, and that you communicate
with the President immediately, and, if possible,
have one or more companies sent to me at the ear-
liest practicable day.
Mr. Carpenter, who is the bearer of this letter,
can give you more in detail our real situation.
Very truly, &o„ G. W. LOGAN,
Judge Superior Court, Ninth District.
His Excellency Tod E. Caldwell,
Governor of North Carolina.
Executive Department,
Raleigh, North Carolina, Aprilll, 1871.
1 hereby certify that the above is a true copy of a
letter this day received from his honor Judge Logan,
judge of the superior courts for the ninth North
Carolina judicial district.
J. B. NEATHERY,
Private Secretary.
Attest, the seal of the Executive Department.
[l. s.j
i Mr. SHERMAN. What is the date of that ?
| The Chief Clerk. April 9, 1871.
; Mr. BLAIR. If the Secretary has got
| through with the reading of that paper, I
[ ask 
j Mr. NYE. Wait a moment. I believe I
have the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. State the
name of the signer of that letter.
Mr. NYE. It is signed by Judge G. W.
Logan.
1 Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Iwillmake
i this further inquiry: how did that letter get
i here?
Mr. NYE. I will answer all that. I have
not stolen any letters. That is not a part of
my vocation. It will be remembered by my *
friend from Missouri that Judge Logan was
one of the witnesses examined before the com-
mittee of which he and myself had the honor
to be members, and that he stated before that
committee that in his judgment he could
obtain indictments and convictions in his dis-
trict. He has been home since and tried it,
and that paper is a statement of the facts to
the new Governor of North Carolina, Mr, Tod
R. Caldwell. He saysin the conclusion of that
letter that a Mr. Carpenter, who appears to be
the clerk of the court for that district or that
county—I do not know how their clerks are
arranged—will be able to tell the Governor
more of the details than he has written. That
Mr. Carpenter is in the city, and he has made
the following certificate,which I desire to have
read as a part of my remarks.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, April 13,1871.
I, J. B. Carpenter, hereby certify that I am a
citizen of Rutherford county, North Carolina* and
clerk of the superior court for said county, and that
I am well acquainted with the condition of tho
county; and! hereby certify that I am informed,
and honestly believe, that within the last thirty days
not less than fifty persons have been whipped and
scourged by masked and disguised men, generally
known as Ku Klux. On last Saturday night a Mr.
Aaron Biggerstaff and his daughter were most un-
mercifully whipped, and the wife of Biggerstaff
abused. M. E. Tavlor, wife, and daughter were
whipped on Thursday nigrht, April 23, and also on
the same night Leightner Hall and John xsodrice, a
crippled man seventy-five or eighty years of age, were
whipped. , „ ,
The following persons with a large number of other
persons whose names and the dates I have not at
hand have been whipped and maltreated, namely '•
York Martin and family, (colored;) Mart Pearson
and family, (colored;) Allen Harvey and two sons,
(white;,) Mr. W. Lovelace and wife, (white;) Bob
Toms, (colored;) Martin Hawkins and wife, (white;)
 Wbisnaut, (white;)Mrs. Jackson.(white;) 
Harrill family, (colored;) MoseHammikon, (colored,)
* Mrs. Jackson, above reported, was whipped and
tarred and feathered. She is a cousin of George M.
Wkiteside, the senator in the North Carolina legis-
lature from Rutherlord, Polk, and Cleveland coun-
ties.
The house of Mart Pearson, above reported, was
burned.
A colored church was burned the night of the
whipping of MoseHammilton.
Number Padgett, a colored man, was drawn and
summoned as a juror for the spring term of the supe-
rior court for Rutherford county; failed to attend
said court because his life was threatened by the Ku
Klux.
All these outrages, with others which I cannot
enumerate, have been committed in the county of
Rutherford, andin theedgesof tho counties of Polk
and Cleveland, adjoining Rutherford county, within
the last thirty days.
J. B. CARPENTER,
Chief Clerk Superior Courtt
for Rutherford county^ North Carolina.
JTr. NYE. I said when I rose that I did not
intend to make any speech, and I do not; but
I rose for the purpose of presenting those
facts, and I ask Senators upon this floor, what-
ever political opinions they may entertain, if it
is becoming Senators here now, under circum-
stances like these, to be discussing the Consti-
tution upon pin points—points so fine that
nobody can see them who does not desire to
see, and then sees so dimly that he does not
understand them himself. Sir, I stand here for
the purpose of saying that that is civil war
to-day ; those counties are in a state of insur-
rection, and openly and boldly defying the
power both of the nation and the State, and
the lash, the fagot, the sword, and the bullet
are the powers with which they enforce it. t
want to know of Senators if it is becoming to
stand here while these wails of woe come up
on every breeze to be talking about the con-
stitutional right to protect the lives of our
fellow-citizens. Every blow upon the back of
the humblest citizen should cause every Sen-
ator's back to twinge with shame, if nothing
else. And yet here we are, day and night, and
the whole Democratic party, through their
organization here, are apologizing for or excus-
ing these outages till our action has become
our shame in the eyes of the enlightened
nations of this earth. Now, sir, I have done.
