658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
because she slew a man who undertook to
force his way into her house to outrage her
person ?
Mr. STEWART. There was a woman hanged
at Downeyville, which I think was a disgrace
to that community, an unfortunate occurrence;
but the Senator has not stated the circum-
stances as they were. I know the circum-
stances; they were different. The man was
undoubtedly in the wrong, but he had not
made the attempt which was suggested by the
Senator.
Mr. CASSERLY. Did he not undertake to
force his way into her house for that purpose ?
Mr. STEWART. That was entirely denied
by very good men ; it was a disputed point;
and I regret to say that there were some citi-
zens there who should have spoken against it
that did not. The Senator knows who they
were as well as I do, I'presume; men who were
present, distinguished politicians.
Mr. CASSEllLY. The Senator does not
mean to say that I was there and afraid to speak.
Mr. STEWART. No; and I was not there
or I should have spoken on that occasion.
The man who had been stabbed by the woman
was a man of great popularity, and the mob
was suddenly excited. It was not a deliber-
ate organization, and they did bang the woman.
That was an isolated instance that occurred
nearly twenty years ago.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senator if there
are any outrages committed upon our colored
people known as "the heathen Chinee" out
in his State? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I regret to say that the
Democratic party, mostly emigrating from Mis-
souri, that were formerly under the lead of
Price, (the disbanded portion of Price's army,)
have acted an inhuman part even in our coun-
try; but they have not risen to the dignity of
vigilance organizations attempting to admin-
ister justice; they have descended to the ordin-
ary brutal instincts of that unfortunate army
that disgraced the Southwest and has straggled
over to our country. I must admit that some
of his fellows 
Mr. BLAIR. They must have been very
bad indeed to have disgraced your State.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. STEWART. The only way they could
disgrace it was by coming there. They have
come there. Their presence would disgrace
almost any State. Now, I undertake to say
that the pretext lor the vigilance organizations
out there, which I do not justify or excuse,
has been to punish criminals. The pretext
for murdering innocent men and women in the
South that have offended no one is nothing
but political purposes. I have heard a good
deal said by the Democrats in the last few.
days about corruption of officers, about the
corruption of these State governments, about
their failure to administer the laws. But, in
listening to this evidence, I do not hear that
any of those men are killed. Ou the contrary,
the Senators who have spoken say that the
Democrats were in with them. No, it is the
poor and the lowly and the defenseless who
suffer; and they are punished because they
are innocent, and there is not in American
history a parallel to this.
Never was an apology before made in any
respectable place for the murdering of women
and children and scourging of men who had
committed no offense. You may apologise
for the breach of laws to punish crime ; but
never before did I hear anything but the bit-
terest indignation against him who would lay
violent hands upon the innocent for sinister
purposes; and the reading of this document
illustrates it. Who can draw a parallel 1 Why,
sir, the reading of this document shows that
there was an organization to ferret out crime.
I hat was their apology. I do not excuse them
and never have done so. But they had that
excuse which is urged by many. Now, in the
name of God, what excuse is there for men
banding together in the South in organizations
too powerful for the laws to contend with,
going about masked at night and taking out
women, children, and men that are defense-
less and scourging them? Is there anything
parallel to it? If it is tolerated will it not
bring down a just judgment of vengeance upon
this nation ?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not hear anybody making
excuses except the gentleman for the conduct
of the people in his own State; he has been
endeavoring to excuse them all night.
Mr. STEWART. Ah 1 the people in my
State I 'apprehend need very little excuse.
The people in my State have had less of vio-
lence than any other new State, although that
State was a mining State, although the people
from all countries congregated there in the
roughest times, when the rebellion was first
breaking out. I say that although all the ele-
ments of discord were there congregated, there
have been, as I recollect, but two instances in
the State of a vigilance committee; the one
mentioned to-night and one in the little town
of Aurora, and never before this was there one
in the populous part of the State. We have
had law and order in that State, I assure Sen-
<itors here
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEWART. No, I do not want to be
interrupted now. I assure Senators that in
Nevada the laws are as well enforced as they
are in any State of this Union. It has been
done by the moral sense of the people. They
are a bold, independent, honest people. They
have maintained law ; they have maintained
order ; they have maintained right ; they have
protected the ballot-box. I thiuk I may say
of Nevada that during all our contests there
has been no illegal voting; I do not believe
that at any one election for the last ten years
in the State there have been one hundred
illegal votes, and those illegal votes would
grow out of somebody voting who had not the
right to vote and voting under a mistake. The
ballot-box is held sacred in that State. The
rights of man are respected. No man dares
violate the ballot-box; and whether there is
a Democratic victory or a Republican victory,
all know that it was by the voice of the major-
ity of the people.
An attempt to intimidate citizens there, to
prevent them from exercising the rights of cit-
izenship, would shock the people of Nevada
to an extent that would exceed, I believe,
almost any other section of the country. I
believe they are more sensitive of their rights
and more sensitive of the rights of others on
that question. On election day we have it as
quiet as it is on Sunday. We have elections
conducted with as great propriety as in any of
the older States of the Union.
I believe Nevada is firstof all the new States
in that regard ; and I tell my friend from Mis-
souri that when he illustrates the conduct
which is proved to exist in the South, of hang-
ing innocent men, of persecuting people for
their political opinions, by appealing to Ne-
vada, by appealing to the conduct of the peo-
ple of Nevada, be will be repudiated alike by
the Democrats and the Republicans of Nevada.
There is not a Democrat in Nevada, not one,
that will not repudiate the parallel sought to
be drawn between their conduct and the mis-
erable midnight assassin-like conduct of these
Ku Klux, who violate the sacred protection
which the law throws around the lowly, and
who will uot be disgusted at the comparison.
I speak not for the Republicans alone; I
speak for the honest men, Democrats and Re-
publicans, of Nevada. . They will be insulted
by being compared to Ku Klax; they will be
111 ky their being compared to the cow-
ardly midnight assassin that comes in disguise
to trample upon the rights of the unprotected.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow me,
I will venture the remark that the Democrats
in Nevada_ have sense enough to know that
what he is saying now is sheer humbug,
[laughter,] as the whole Ku Klux business is
gotten up for a humbug purpose.
Mr. STEWART. And the Democrats of
Nevada understand as well the Senator from
Missouri.
Mr, BLAIR. The Democrats of Nevada
understand this business.
Mr. STEWART. I understand that the
people of Nevada need no apology. I under-
stand that comparing their conduct to that of
Ku Klux assassins does need an apology, if
you would not offend the Democrais of that
State.
Mr. President, i am glad this matter has
been brought out. I am glad that it has been
illustrated in that way; and I hope these
gentlemen will go further, and I hope they
will take the Regulators of Indiana and com-
pare them to the Ku Klux, and 1 hope they
will go to Kansas and drag up what has
occurred there. I hope they will go through
all the western States, and will compare the
efforts that have been made ou the border to
preserve order with the efforts that are made
in the South to obtain political control by
cowardly assassination. I hope they will com-
pare them, because in those efforts Democrats
and Republicans are alike concerned. They
have both had a hand; they have both been
Regulators aud. both been Vigilantes in the
West, and I hope their conduct, judged by
their standard of right and propriety, may be
compared to this cowardly conduct of killing
poor negroes to prevent their voting ; and they
will appreciate the desperate resorts to whicn
this debate has arrived.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. NYE. Allow me to say one word.
Mr. WILSON. I give way.
Mr. NYE. I do noc know, sir, from what
paper the honorable Senator from Missouri
read, but judging from the type of the heading
of the article, I think it was the New York
World.
Mr. BLAIR. Itwasapaperthatsupportsthe
distinguished gentleman from Nevada, known
as "The Enterprise," which paper calls upon
the grand jury uot to indict these men.
Mr. NYE. _ Now if the honorable Senator
from Missouri will let me speak for myself two
minutes, without interruption, he will do what
he never does for anybody else. [Laughier.]
I hope the honorable Senator will observe the
rules of the Senate. I shall certainly say
nothing offensive to him, and I shall not be
offended at what he may say to me, because I
do not take offense from that source.
I say, sir, I do not know from what paper
the honorable Senator read the article which
describes in such a graphic manner the little
speech I had thehonorto make here the other
day ; but I judge from the type of the heading
of the article that it is the New York World ;
and aside from that, a corroborative piece of
testimony in nay own mind would be ihat it
must come from that source, as it has been
quoted by the honorable Senator from Missouri.
Now, Mr. President, I call attention to that
terrible wrong and outrage at Virginia City, 111
Nevada. It only demonstrates what I have
attempted here to show on one or two occa-
sions: that this thing must be stopped, or the
foundation of civil society is broken up atid
gone. Sir, see how contagious these crimes
are. For more than two years have these Ku
Klux ridden unchecked over the rights of the
poor, both black and white, in the South till
every page of every journal chronicles in burn-
ing letters the outrages that these, people have
inflicted upon the poor of the South. Sir,
how natural is it that people entertaining the
same opinions should take it up in other Stales
and wrest the scepter of justice from the tri-
bunal of the courts and put it into that must
dangerous^ of all hands, the strong arm of
might. Sir,in behalf of the people of Nevada,
1 implore the Senate of the United States
to make laws stringent enough to stay such
outrages.
