1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
As my colleague well observed, they have
burned no school-houses in Nevada; they have
whipped no schoolmistresses in Nevada; they
have whipped no cripples bending under the
weight of years, of almost fourscore years, as
in the paper that I have read to-night; they
have burned no churches in Nevada; and, sir,
they do not maraud upon the rights of persons
who are not accused of crime. I want this
law as much for Nevada as I want it for
North Carolina; and, I repeat, I thank the
honorable Senator from Missouri that he has
brought up that instance to show that these
outrages are becoming a« universal and as
widespread as our Govern ment is. No stronger
argument could be used, and I turn that argu-
ment into no ridicule; I do not compare the
propriety of the honorable Senator's sitting
upon this floor with my own. All such petty
things are lost sight of, when properly viewed,
iu the commanding majesty of the peril of the
hour.
The honorable Senator from Missouri, if he
can laugh and taunt over such terrible out-
rages, must not complain if, when his fear
Cometh, there is laughing, and when it comes
as the whirlwind he is overthrown. These
things can be traced to natural sources ; they
are but following the recommendation of a
distinguished Senator upon this floor to wrest,
if necessary, the power of the scepter from the
hand of .Republican administration; they are
but, oheying the behest, but following ill the
wake of the leaders.
But, Mr. President, I bury all party con-
siderations in this argument; I say they shrink
into utter insignificance. Let newspapers say
of me what they choose, I would that my voice
could reach to the uttermost part of this en-
lightened country and arouse the people to the
dangers that actually surround them. I repeat
what I said: the papers that I introduced here
to-night show a state of civil war; and yet
honorable Senators' appear to joke upon it;
and as an apology for an outrage such as makes
humanity blush in North Carolina, the honor-
able Senator from Missouri hands up an ac-
count of an outrage iu my own State. For it
I blush, and I have no apology to make for it;
it was a wrong, and I want the law to apply
there as well as in the State from which the
document that I introduced originated. I am
catholic ij) this expression. I would give pro-
tection to the humblest citizen in the most dis-
tant part of Missouri, and the time has been
there when they asked for that and could not
obtain it. I would give it to North Carolina; I
would give it from the East to the West, and
cover the whole area of this country ; and, Mr.
President, we ought to do it. What I complain
of is this eternal delay about it.
The instance that the honorable Senator
from Missouri has cited from Nevada only
makes the exigency more demanding and im-
pending at once. Let these crimes be stopped
everywhere. I would have a law that would
protect the citizen of the lowliest character
upon the farthest frontier, a law that should
make him safe, sitting under his own vine and
fig-tree, with no one and no combination to
molest him or make him afraid; and until that
time comes this nation has not performed its
duty. I repeat, that before such a duty pol-
itics sink into insignificance; and, let the
political fate of the party to which I belong
be what it may, duty should be done.
I stand here to urge the necessity of giving
protection to the humblest citizen that sits
down under the shelter of this Government.
Now, let my honorable friend from Missouri
say that; let him, let us stop talking about
this matter, and pass this bill The exigen-
cies of the hour demand its passage. I repeat,
that while we are here dallying and talking
about this matter the blood is' dripping from
lacerated backs and bruised limbs; and yet
the honorable Senator from Missouri has a
laugh about it, and tosses off that there has
been some blood flowing in Nevada. Sir, stop
it everywhere, and then the Senate will have
done its duty, and not till then.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. BLAIR rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yield to the Senator
from Missouri?
Mr. BLAIR. For a moment.
Mr. WILSON. For a moment.
Mr. BLAIR. The two Senators from Nevada-
acknowledge such obligations on their part to
me for having brought forward these facts that
I am determined to place them under still fur-
ther obligations by throwing a little more light
on this matter. I shall read an extract from
the Territorial Enterprise, a newspaper printed
in Nevada, the organ of the Republican party
there. Speaking of the arrest of Heft'erner, this
murderer, it says:
" An event new to the people of Storey county
occurred in this city early yesterday morning. A
committee of citizens took Arthur Perkins JEIefferner
from the county jail, where he was confined on a
charge of murder, and hanged him. A fall report of
the affair wiii be found in our local columns of this
morning. The murder committed by Hefferner was
a deliberate, cold-blooded, and unprovoked assassin-
ation. There was no cause, no excuse tor it. With
scarcely an exchange of a word he shot down ii.n
unarmed man, who was a stranger to him. The
community, accustomed as it had been to deeds of
blood, was bonified at the atrocity; yet it was not
until the confession of Willis, now confined in the
county jail on a charge of arson, had shown him to
bo an inccndiary as well as a murderer that the sub-
stantia citizens and tax-payers of the city resolved
to make an example of him. Wo deprecate such
proceedings. They are lawless, dangerous, and dis-
reputable; but they have occurred, and will con-
tinue to occur to the end of time, when laws poorly
administered and callous public sentiment give
license to crime."
This is not the description of Nevada given
by the Senator who sits nearest me, [Mr.
Stewart.]
"During the past ten years not less than two
hundred murders have been committed in Storey
county"—
That does not sound like the couutry which
he described—
" During the past ten years not less than two hun-
dred murders have been committed iu Storey county,
and in atonement for this river of blood but two
lives have been exacted—one under authority of tho
law, and the other yesterday by a committee of citi-
zens. After this murder had been committed by
Ueil'erner.Wilns was arrested for arson, and through
him were developed the proceedings of one of the
most inhuman gangs of incendiaries ever organized
in a civilized commumiy, and Itefferner was shown
to be a leading spirit of the hellish organisation.
Through tho arson ot these fiends, property to the
value of hundreds of thousands of dollars has been
destroyed during the past twelve months, and no
less than four lives have been lost by the fires kin-
dled by them. No man felt safe either in life or
property. Our citizens and tax-payers had positive
information that tho city was infested by an organ-
ized gang of inoendiarios, some of the members of
which employed their time in robbery and murder
as well as arson. The danger wus imminent. Fires
were occurring almost nightly, and the taw seemed
to be impotent to correct-the terrible evil. The
result—and it is the old, old story—was the formation
of a committee of vigilance, and the summary exe-
cution of Hefferner yesterday morning. The effect
will be wholesome, and, lawless though the act may
be, we cannot conscientioaslycondemn it. Self-pro-
tection is the first law of nature.''
I am rejoiced that I have given opportunity
to these two gentlemen to express their dis
sent to these things. It may go to their State,
and probably may tend.to correct public opin-
ion which seems to have authorized and jus-
tified this crime.
Mr. STEWART. With regard to the state-
ment as to two hundred murders having been
committed in Storey county, Nevada, I will
only say that I think it very likely there were
two hundred persons killed there during the
period named; but I venture to say that all
those killings, except probably in four or five
cases, occurred in fights between the rough
class of people that go to the mining regions.
They grew out of affrays in the early times
among the desperate characters who gathered
there. They were outside of the civilized
portion of the State, if I may so speak, and
did not molest the civilized people, and that
was one reason why they were not interfered
with.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope the gentleman will
not apologize for these things.
Mr. STEWART. I shall pursue my own
course without regard to any advice from the
Senator from Missouri. If these things oc-
curred in Missouri, I presume the Senator
would not regard it necessary to apologize for
them; but as I am now referring to a state-
ment of affrays in my own State, I think the
Senate ought to know how they occurred. I
admit that those killings occurred there. They -
are put down in the Territorial Enterprise as
murders. It is true there have been but very
few executions in consequence of them. But
this organized gang of incendiaries to which
allusion has been made, making attacks on
property, aroused the people and led them to
do what they have done on this recent occa-
sion. That same thing has occurred in various
western States. It is a thing that there is no
sufficient excuse for; but, as I said before,
there is the apology that the people are pro-
tecting their firesides, protecting themselves
from incendiarism, and protecting themselves
from lawless violence where the law has been
unable to protect them.
That is the only apology they have. It is
the only apology 1 make ; and I still say that
there is no parallel between such case3 and
the murder of innocent people for political
ends. When these evil? cease in my country
there will be no vigilance organizations. It is
ordinarily one of the best organized communi-
ties in the world. I undertake to say that there
has been no State organized in the West where
there has been less of vigilance organizations
than in Nevada. I think there has been less
of them in that State than in any of the western
States that have been settled. I say that of
Nevada, and I am proud to say it of Nevada.
It has been the pride of Nevada to administer
the laws so as to do justice between man and
man. That is one of the crowning glories of
that new State, and the State is very sensitive
on the subject. Nobody will gain anything by
magnifying the wrongs that may occur there.
There has been no innocent person punished
there, and there has been no violence on the
part of any organization against innocent per-
sons. These outlaws that were preying on the
community have met with this vigilance com-
mittee, and one of them has been hanged, a
notorious incendiary. That is all there is of
that.
And now it- seems to me that when that cir-
cumstance, which we all regret, is likened to
the gangs of Ku Klux which are organized
in the South, and when they have in two months
in one county, as read by my colleague, com-
mitted some fifty or sixty murders for political
purposes—and that statement comes, as I un-
derstand, from a person who thought the laws
conld be enforced in that country—when we
have an incident of that kind before us; to try
to offset it with anything that is occurring else-
where iu the country illustrates more than
anything else the horrid nature of this Con-
spiracy.
I wish the attention of the people of the
South might be called to this matter. I hope
they may reflect seriously upon it; for while
a community may recover from an occasional
outbreak of a vigilance committee, as in the
instance of San Francisco, where it was re-
sorted to for the purpose of enforcing the law
and aiding the officers of the law, it cannot
recover from such things as these. In that
case that committee ought not to have been
allowed to exist. Before things got to the
extent of requiring such a remedy the citizens
ought to have gone forward in the aid of the
officers of the law to enforce the law. I do not
exonerate the citizens; it was the duty of the
people of San Francisco to aid in enforcing
the laws, and not have allowed things to get to
the pitch they did. But I say while they
have that excuse, while they do not become
thoroughly demoralized by such prodfeedings
occasionally, while such things have occurred
