1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
Mr. Monroe, one of the ablest statesmen of
this country, and, I believe, one of the purest,
who had correct ideas upon this subject, in
one of his messages, when President of the
United States, has given a better definition
and recapitulation of the rights of the States
than I have seen in any other paper. What
does he say on this subject?
"Fortunately, a precise detail of all tho powers
remaining to the State governments is not neces-
sary in the present instance. A knowledge of their
great powers only will answer every purpose con-
templated; and respecting these there can be no
diversity of opinion. They are sufficiently recog-
nized and established by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States itself. In designating the important pow-
ers of the State governments it is proper to observe,
first, that the territory contemplated by the Consti-
tution belongs to each State, in its separate charac-
ter, and not to the United States in their aggregate
character. Each State holds territory according to
its original charter, except in cases where cessions
have been made to the United States by individual
States. The United States had none when the Con-
stitution was adopted, which had not been thus ceded
to them, and which they held on the conditions on
which such cession had been made. Within tho
individual States it is believed that they held not a
single acre; but if they did it was as citizensheld it,
merely as private property.
"The territory acquired by cession, lying within the
individual States, rests on a different principle, and
is provided for by a separate and distinct part of the
Constitution. It is the territory within the individ-
ual States to which the Constitution in its great prin-
ciples applies; and it applies to such territory as the
territory ol a State, and not as that ot the United
Scutes.
"The next circumstance to be attended to is, that
the people composing this Union are the people of
tho several States, and not ot the United States, in
tho full sense of a consolidated Government. The
militia are the militia of the several States ; lands
are held under the laws of the States; descents, con-
tracts, and all the concerns of private property, the
administration of justice, and the whole criminal
code, except in the cases of breaches of the laws of
tho United States, made under and in conformity
^vith the powers vested in Congress and of the laws
ot nations, arc regulated by State laws. This enumer-
ation shows the great extent of the poweis of the
State governments. The territory and the people
iorm the basis on which all Governments are founded.
The militia constitutes their effective force. The
regulation and protection of property and of per-
sonal liberty are also among tho highest attributes
or sovereignty. This, without other evidence, is
sufficient to show that the great office of the Consti-
tution of the United States is to unite the States
•together under a Government endowed with powers
adequate to the purposes of its institution, relating
d-reetly or indirectly to foreign concerns, to tho dis-
charge of which a national Government thus formed
•alone could be competent."—Monroes Message on
Internal Improvements; The Statesman'8 Manual, vol.
1, p. 503.
Why, sir, could there be a more clear and
distinct enumeration of the rights of the
States than the language in this message of
President Monroe ? Was this ever contested
before? Did any one ever doubt the correct-
nessof this enumeration? He sayslife, liberty,
and property are the peculiar subjects for the
protection of tho States. If you can go into
the State and interfere with life, liberty, and
property, you can go there and interfere with
the descent of property, with contracts, with
wills, with the title to property, and with every-
thing relating to the police and domestic insti-
tutions of the State.
This is in conformity to the idea that Mr.
Hamilton and Mr. Madison, and others had
when they wrote the Federalist. Mr. Madison,
when he was endeavoring to persuade the peo-
ple of this country to adopt the Federal Con-
stitution, presented his views, as one of the
framers of that instrument, to the considera-
tion of the public ; and in the forty-fifth num-
ber of the Federalist he said :
"Thepowers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion to the Federal Government are lew and de-
fined. Those which n.re to remain in the State gov-
ernments are numerous and indefinite. The former
will be exercised principally on external objects, as
ivar, peace, negotiation, and foreign commerce; with
which lust the power of taxation will, for the most
pin t, be connected. The powers reserved to the sev-
eral States wiil extend to all the objects which, in
the ordinary coursc of affairs, concern the lives, lib-
erties, and properties of the people, and tho in-
ternal order, improvement, and prosperity of tho
State.
" The operations of the Federal Government will
be most extensive and important in times of war
and danger; those of the State governments in times
of peace and security "
Could anythingbe plainer? This fourteenth
amendment farther provides:
" Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law."
The fifth article of the amendments to the
Constitution, after providing that no person
shall be held to answer for a capital or other-
wise infamous crime, unless on the presentment
or indictment of a grand jury, proceeds to say:
"Nor shall be compelled in any eriminal case to
be a witness against himself, nor bo deprived of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law. '
Those are the very words used in this four-
teenth amendment applied only to the States.
The only difference is that it says no State
shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law, while the
fifth amendment says that no one shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law. Now, sir, has any State
attempted to deprive any one of life, liberty,
or property? Has any State by its legislation
attempted to do it? I have not heard of any.
It is not alleged that any such exists. Then
how can this bill now before the Senate call
for the exercise of such power as it provides
to be exercised.
I understand that this bill is alleged to be
predicated upon tho principle that the States
are unable to protect life, liberty, or property,
and being unable, the powers of the General
Government are invoked to do it. What
evidence have we that a State is unable to
fulfill her duties to her citizens? How are we
to know that? What is a State?. Is it not a
body politic and corporate? 1 give Mr. Web-
ster's definition of a State in the Rhode Island
case, which he argued so ably :
"The people cannot act daily as the people, 'fhey
must establish a government, and invest it with so
much of the sovereign power as the caso requires;
and this sovereign power being delegated andplaced
in the hands of tho government,that government
becomes what is popularly called 'The State.' I
like the old-fashioned way of stating things as they
are, and this is the true idea of a State. It is an
organized government, representing tho collected
will of the people, as far as they see fit to invest that
government with power."
That is the definition by a great statesman.
It is an organized government representing the
collective will of the people. A State can act,
how? Only through its departments. A
State can act only through its legislative
department when laws are involved. How,
then, can it be that a State fails to do its duty
to its own citizens because it has passed no
law? Who is interested in preserving order
and tranquillity in a State? Is it not the
government of th'o rftate ? Is it not the people
of the State ? They have laws to punish all
offenses; and there is no want of law, it is
admitted,' but it is said the States do not exe-
cute the laws. Who suffers by that? The
citizens of the State, in their persons and their
property. Can any other government, for
instance the Government of the United States,
which is nothing more than a body politic and
corporate, say that the State government does
not perform its duty to its own citizens, its
pwn people, that it does not protect their
property, their persons, their lives, or their
interest. How can that be said of a State ?
If that could be the case there would be con-
tinual conflict between the General and the
Slate Governments. If we once depart from
the authority given to the General Govern-
ment by the Constitution as explained and
enforced in the Federalist, then that Govern-
ment will be in constant conflict with the States.
If it can enter a State for one purpose it can
for any other purpose. It has no sem-
blance of authority to do it. This fourteenth
amendment does not enlarge the powers of the
General Government in that respect. It pro-
hibits a State from denying " to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of
the laws." Has any State done that ? Who
is to judge whether a State performs its duty
to its own citizens ? Because, it will be remem-
bered that before the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States was formed they were citizens of
the States, they owed their allegiance to the
State governments, which had laws to pro-
tect them, and officers to execute those laws.
When the General Government was formed
the States did not surrender any of their police
powers, any of those powers to protect the
life c>r the property of their people. They
retained them all. The Federalist says that the
courts of the States retained all the powers
and the jurisdiction which they had before
the adoption of the Constitution ; and further,
when the General Government, by its acts,
created new causes or offenses, unless the State
courts were prohibited, they would have a
righ t to exercise jurisdiction over those causes;
so that the powers of the courts of tha States
were enlarged, not diminished, by the creation
of tho Federal Government. The latter does
not own a foot of territory in a State unless
purchased, and they cannot exercise jurisdic-
tion over purchased property without the con-
sent of the State. The objects of the General
Government are external and not internal, and
when a provision like this was violated by any
State by such denial of the equal rights of the
by State enactment the Supreme Court would
have jurisdiction to pronounce such law un-
constitutional. Such is the remedy, and not
bayonets and suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus. Congress cannot declare the status
which any person shall sustain while in any
State of the Union. The power can be exer-
cised over persons as passengers only while
on the ocean and until they come under State
jurisdiction. It commences when tho voyage
ends, and then the State laws controls. (Pas-
; ehal 10-3, ref. Tennessee People; 26 Barb.
' 270')
Mr. Madison says, in No. 82 of the Feder-
alist ; -
"I mean not, therefore, to contend that tho United
States, in theeourse of legislation upon theobjects
intrusted to their direction, may not commit the
decision ot causes arising upon a particular regula-
tion to the Federal courts solely, if such a measure
should be deemed expedient; but I hold that tho
State courts will be divested of no part of their
primitive jurisdiction, further than ma^relateto an
appeal; and I am even of opinion that in every ease
in which they were not expressly excluded by tho
future acts of tho national Legislature, they will,
of course, take cognizance of the eauses to which
those acts may give birth."
Now, is it to be presumed by any one that
a State does not, perform its duty—a sovereign
State? Who is to raise the presumption? How
is it to be drawn? If a State passes a limita-
tion law, which limits a period for the collec-
tion of debts, the State is not bound by its
own law, but it binds ail the citizens of the
State and all who come within its jurisdiction;
but it does not affect the claim of the States.
Nullum tempus occurrit regi—no time affects
the king; no time bars the Slate. It is not
bound by its own laws, unless it be named in the
statute. No presumption can arise by lapse
of time on the claim of a State against an indi-
vidual that it has been paid, or that the State
has been guilty of laches in the prosecution
of it. Why? Because it is a sovereign State.
It makes rules and regulations, not for itself,
unless named, but for those who are subject
to its jurisdiction. What have we here? We
have the extraordinary attitude assumed by
this bill that tho State fails in her duty to her
people. They presume she fails_ when the
General Government steps in gratuitously and
claims tho right to act for and in the place of
the State in her internal affairs.
I promised to speak but thirty minutes, and
I will give way to the Senator from Missouri
in a moment.
The fourth section of the bill is:
That whenever in any State, or part of a State,
the unlawful combinations named in the preceding
section of this act shall be organized and armed,
and so numerous and powerful as to be able by
violence to either overthrow or set at defiance tho
constituted authorities of such State, and of the
United States irithin such State, or when the eon-
