662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IS,
stituted authorities are in complicity with, or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of, such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenever, by reason
of either or all of the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation of the
public safety shall become in such districts imprac-
ticable, in every such case such combinations shall
be deemed a rebellion against the Government of
the United States, and during the continuance of
such rebellion, and within the limits of the district
which shall be so under the sway thereof, such limits
to be prescribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful
for the President of the United States, when in his
judgment the public safety shall require it, to sus-
pend the privileges of the writ of habeas cor&ust to
the end that such rebellion may be overthrown.
Was ever sueli a thing heard of before?
What! That a State, a sovereign State, bound
by its constitution and its laws to protect the
people of the State, shall absolutely be in com-
plicity with the people of its own State, its own
citizens, in an infraction of the laws, in a com-
bination to defeat its own laws and to prevent
their execution. How absurd and preposter-
ous. Did ever such an idea before enter into
the head of any one, that a State could be in
complicity with its insubordinate, refractory,
and lawless members to defeat its own laws,
to disturb its trauquillity, and to promote dis-
orders, violence, and outrage within its own
border? The very primary duty of the State
is to preserve order and protect its people,
and how can such a presumption be raised,
and against her, who is to judge of that pre-
sumption? Is it Congress? Is it the President
of the United States? How is he to get his
information? From spies and from informers.
How is he to procure it? A State can only act
through its organization ; it is a body corpor-
ate and politic, and can act officially only by
its Legislature or Executive.
By the fifth amendment of the Constitution
the Federal Government is prevented from
depriving a citizen of the United States of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of
law. This means, of course, process in the
courts of the United States, for the provision
has no reference to the States or their courts.
But how can the General Government deprive
the citizen of the rights mentioned ? Could it
be done by any single department, or by any
agent of the Government, or by any number
ot disguised persons in the District of Colum-
bia? If the President attempted it it would
not be the act of the Government. It would
require an act of Congress, a law, to justify
the allegation that the Federal Government
had deprived the citizen of his personal rights
and right to property. Could any neglect or
omission of the Government raise a presump-
tion against it that it had failed to perform its
duty and violated the great fundamental law
of the land in this respect, to justify the mili-
tary interference of others? How unjust and
factious is it to lay hold on the conduct of a
few disguised men who commit wrong and
avoid detection to assume that a State has vio-
lated her constitution, and upon that assump-
tion to enter her territory with armed soldiers
and the suspension of the habeas corpus;
assuming further that a state of war exists
within her borders, subjecting every one to mil-
itary trial and punishment. She has passed no
law, taken no step toward the privation of any
right of the citizen.
The first section of the fourteenth amend-
ment declares that—
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
ofthe United Slates; nor shall any State deprive
any person of lite, liberty, or property, without due
process of law, nor deny to any person witbmits
jurisdiction the equal protection ofthe laws."
Legislation by the State is expressly referred
to, and no Stale has the power or the capacity
to deny the rights referred to, except by legis-
lation : and the meaning is so plan* that a sub-
terfuge is scarcely left to the supporters of the
bill in the form and shadow of a failure to
convict all offenders.
But, Mr. President, it was well said by the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] that
if such u bill passes we change the character
of the Government. Yes, sir; we do change
its character, and we subvert the very founda-
tions of the Government framed by our fathers.
There may be a civil revolution as well as one
by physical force ; and is there any difference
in principle or in character whether a Govern-
ment be subverted by force or by usurpation
and unconstitutional measures?
I am necessarily hastening to a close, my
time being limited. I cousider that the act of
the Postmaster General in reference to Ken-
tucky was an act of revolution, a violation of
the first and primary duty which belonged to
him and to the office which he holds. What
is his duty? Is it not to afford mail facilities
to every section of the country; and shall he
for any purpose, sinister or political, be per-
mitted to withhold from a large and respect-
able portion of the people of this country the
privileges, advantages, and facilities of the
mail? This Postmaster General was not always
so devoted to -the Union. I read from a paper
published in his own town, called the Democrat:
"During the presidential campaign of I860 John
A. J. Creswell came to the surface of polities as a
rampant stump orator in the interests of Breckin-
ridge and Lane. None of his speeches are pxeaerved,
but those wiao heard them remember them as breath-
ing fiery and vengeful threatenings against the
Republican party. Allowing much for hyperbole
in stump speeches, Mr. CreswelPs went even beyond
the verge in the intensity of their bitterness. At
Middletown, Delaware, he seemed to fancy himself
in spirit already face to face with the vandal horde,
and threatenings and slaughter of the coming north-
ern army were the perpetual burden of* his theme.
His speeches elsewhere were equally vehement, and
assumptions of valor, which he afterward failed to
exhibit, wereconscantly on his tongue.
"After the defeat of Breckinridge he manifested
no disposition to accept the situation, bur until the
crisis came and words had to yield to deeds he
was ever among the foremost of the irrepressibles.
During the agonizing days previous to the 4th of
March Mr. Creswell was restive, suspicious, andvas-
dilating. He seemed wanting in courage to attempt
whatiie felt bound by his antecedent course to do.
He obviously realized that brave talk is less danger-
ous to the physical man than brave deeds, and pre-
ferred to sniff gunpowder at a long range. He still
talked bravely, but he was uncertain in his ways.
He seemed to feel a presence which made him un-
easy, and a group of known Union men in a street-
corner consultation always put him in a fever. Still
he continued his apparent preparations for the
emergency, whenever it should arise, and we next
find him about to give up the forum for the sword."
In February, 1861, a large public meeting
was held at Elkton, the object of which was
to aid in the call for a convention of the peo-
ple of the State of Maryland. We all know
what conventions generally resulted in at that
period. They were the preliminaries to seces-
sion. The object of this meeting was to call
a convention of the people of Maryland, and
one can conjecture what the result of that
convention would have been if it had met.
As the chairman of the committee of that
meeting, Mr. Creswell drafted a series ofreso
lutions, thirteen in number. I will read the
last two:
"12. That in our efforts to effect an honorable set-
! tlement of our national troubles we will demand
: nothing from the people of the North in a spirit of
j unreasonable exaction. On the contrary, while We
1 insist upon a clear acknowledgment of all our just
| rights and privileges, yet, for the sake ofthe Union,
! we are willing to treat with our fellow-citizens of
j other States as with enemies who would wrong us.
I "13. That while we feel the most devoted attach-
j ment to the Union ot these States as the source and
security of our multiplied blessings, civil and reli-
gious, political, social, and personal, we feel bound
also to declare that if the North shall persistently
deny to us the constitutional rights which we claim,
and thereby occasion an entire disruption of our
Union, then we are bound by every obligation to
our honor and dignity, as well as by our interests,
to cast our lot with our brethren the of southern
border States."
The editor goes on to say :
"By way of elucidation of this Unionism under
protest, it in ay be mentioned that the meeting at
j which these resolutions were adopted was convened
I to scud delegates* to aStite convention to behold
in Baltimore, with a view to calling a Ktwtp sover-
eign convention, llev. James Mclntire, Mr. Ores-
well's step-father-in-law, was appointed a delegate,
but immediately arose and declined the appoint-
ment m a speech, in which he expressed the gravest
doubts of the genuineness of the Union sentiment
of the convention."
In 1800, when great excitement existed in
the country on account of the arrest and indict-
ment of several persons for violating the aiien
and sedition laws, aud before the trial com-
menced, Mr. Monroe in a letter to Mr. Madi-
son, dated Albemarle, May 15, 1800, said :
"Besides, I think there is cause to suspect the
sedition law will be car.-ied into eifect in this Stale
at the approaching Federal court, and I ought to
be there (Richmond) to aid in preventing trouble. A
camp is formed of about four hundred men at War-
wick, four miles below Richmond, and no motive
for it assigned except to proceed to Harper's ir'erry
to sow cabbage-seed. But the gardening season is
passing, and this camp lemaiiis."
Callender was tried aud convicted under the
sedition law.
Mr. Monroe, in another letter to Mr. Mad-
ison, dated Richmond, June 4, 1800, said :
"The conduct of the people on this occasion was
exemplary, and does them the highest honor. They
seemed aware the crisis demanded of them a proof
of their respect for law and order, and resolved t<>
show they were equal to it. 1 am satisfied adifiVrt*nfc
conduct was expected from them, for everything
that could was done to provoke. It only remaining
that this business be closed on the part of the peo-
ple, as it has been so far acted; that the judge, after
finishing his career, got off in peace, without ex-
periencing the slightest insult from any one, and
that this will be the case I nave no doubt."
I earnestly hope that the people of the
South, like the people of Virginia in ISUi),
will forbear the manifestations of excitement
and dissatisfaction at the unjust legislation of
Congress about to be consummated; but will,
like good citizens and patriots, submit to the
laws, and by appeals peaceably to the ballot-
box, endeavor to change the Administration
and majority in Congress.
The following extracts from the testimony
taken under the commission are before me:
Kindness to Xegroes and Safety of Persons and
Property.
Joseph H. Wilson, practicing lawyer;
"Question. Give us as briefly ns you can your views
ofthe condition of society there as ailecting the
security of person and property.
"Answer. I think it is good, with the exception of
thieveries that are committed._ tlnod order prevails,
with the exception of those violations of the crim-
inal law consistent with larcenies mainly and occa-
sional homicides."
Thomas F. "Willeford:
"Question. From about two or three month* before
the election till the present time have you known
of any acts of violence that you can speak ot ?
''Answer. Xo, sir; none around there at all."
(Page 2o0.)
E. M. Holt:
"Answer. My impression is that there was no in-
security felt oy persons who were law-abiding and
behaved themselves." (Page 252.)
"Answer, Not with any good law-abiding citizcn
has either life or property, in my opinion, been en-
dangered at all." {.Page 2:4.,)
"Question. Do you consider that people, without
regard to their political views or their color, can
obtain justice for themselves in your courts and be
protected in their rights?
"Answer* They can." (Page 259.)
Jacob A. Long:
"Quebtion. Jb'iom whatyou have seen of the opera-
tions in that county (Alamance; t-ince yon ceased
your connection with the White Brotherhood, do
you, as a lawyer, be«heve it is possible to bring mem-
bers of that organization or of the Constitutional
Union Q-uards to justice in that couuty beiore a
court ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I do." (Page 2d5.)
"Question. Do you mean to say that there was no
understanding by which ncgroc  wcie to be intimid-
ated from going to the polls, or that the leading
negroes were to be >o alarmed as to make them
cease their influence?
"Answer. That is no part of the organization as I
understood it." (Page 205.)
Property Owned by the Negroes.
t Daniel R. G-oodloe:
"Question. What portion, do you suppose, of the
property ot North Carolina is owned by the colored
people? Wuat fraction?
"Answer. It is so small you could hardly estimate
it. In riding over the counties that I am uio.-t
familiar with, on the railroads and highways, you
will see a great many new cabins with a httie clearing
around them. I think, in most cases, they arc rent-
ers, however." {.Page 2.#.;
Istyulhj.
^ Rev. J. JJ. Smith:
"iJas been very in.imatcwith the people of North
Carolina, and never lu*ard a didoyal sentiment from
one man." f Page 22J.)
Ka Klur Orqani/Aition.
Thomas F. WiiJef'ord:
uQnesti>m. What reason was given to you for form-
ing the organization when they asked you to Join?
