666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.April 14,
been so far salutary; and no one trusts more
sincerely than myself that there may be no
necessity for the enforcement of any of the
provisions of this act. I beiieve that, in the
State of Alabama at least, these outrages have
been on the decrease, and that they are not so
widely extended or so frequent as they were
some two years since. My information, how-
ever, is that they still continue in certain local-
ities in the State, and that if not absolutely
checked, wiil necessarily augment in propor-
tion. I have been informed that some two
weeks since a band of disguised men appeared
at Fayette court-house, attacked and broke up
the court then and there sitting, and drove the
judge from his bench.
Something is evidently needed to bring these
Outlaws to justice. Long immunity from pun-
ishmentseems to have emboldened them; and
had the laws been properly and vigorously
administered by the outgoing Governor, I am
confident the State of Alabama would have been
to-day as peaceable and orderly as any northern
State. I shall continue to support all meas-
ures which have for their object the preserva-
tion of that peace and order which society im-
peratively demands, and without which no just
or good government can exist. The citizen
must be protected in all his rights, and failing
to obtain that protection from local laws and
local officers, it is but reasonable that the Gen-
eral Government should afford him that secur-
ity of life and property which he so fails to re-
ceive at the hands of his immediate rulers. If
there be no such offenses, then no offenders
will be or can be punished. But it is to-day as
it was centuries ago, the Rhadamanthean law,
that ''he who hath done evil should suffer evil."
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I will now
yield to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at one
o'clock and eleven minutes a. m., Friday,
April 14) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE- OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 14, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
public building at oshkosh.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution for consider-
ation at this time:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested to report to this House
his views as to the expediency of erecting a custom-
house and post office building at Oshkosh. Wiscon-
sin, together with estimates of the cost of such a
building.
No objection was made ; and the resolution
was adopted.
young men's christian association.
Mr. HOLM AN". At the instance of a num-
ber of gentlemen on this fioor, I ask leave to
renew the request I made yesterday morning,
that the Speaker be permitted to allow the
Young Men's Christian Association to have the
use of the Hall of the House of Representatives
on the 24th of May next. I understand that
some gentlemen who yesterday morning made
objection to this request will not insist upon it
upon further consideration.
Mr. WOOD. I shall object, unless it is
understood that, there are to be no political or
sectarian proceedings here. Iam afraid there
will be.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me say to my friend
from New York [Mr. Wood] thai this asso-
ciation has no connection with the politics of
the country. It is merely an association to
look after the interests of the young men of
the country, nothing more.
Mr. McNEELY. As the gentleman who
made the objection on yesterday [Mr. Wil-
laud] is now absent, I renew the objection.
additional land district in nevada.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to have reconsidered the vote by which the
Hous^ referred the bill to create an additional
land district in the State of Nevada. I wish
to move an amendment to the bill, -and to
make a brief explanation. It is purely a local
matter.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 reserve all points of
order on the bill.
Mr. KENDALL. If my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] will allow the bill and
my proposed amendment to be read, I think
he will make no objection.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that all that portion of the State of Nevada
embraced in the following described limits, to
wit, commencing at the corner common to
townships twenty-four and twenty-five north,
range forty-four and forty-five east, Mount
Diablo base and meridian; thence running due
east to the eastern boundary line of the State of
Nevada; thence north on said eastern bound-
ary of said State to the north boundary of
said State; thence west on said north bound-
ary of said State to the eastern boundary of
the Carson land district; thence s'outh along
said eastern boundary of the Carson land dis-
trict to the place of beginning, shall consti-
tute a separate land district, to be called the
Elko land district, the office of which shall
be located at Elko, in Elko connty, State
of Nevada, which location may be changed
by the President of the United States from
time to time as the public interest may require.
The second section provides that the Presi-
dent shall appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, or in the recess of the
Senate, a register and a receiver- of public
moneys for said district, and that said officers
shall reside in the place where said land office
is located, and shall have the same powers and
receive the same emoluments as the same offi-
cers now receive in the other land districts in
.said State. The third section provides that
the public lands in said district shall be sub-
ject to sale and disposal upon the same terms
and conditions as' other public lands of the
United States; provided that all sales and
locations made at the office of the old district
of lands situated within the limits of the new
district, which shall be valid and right in other
respects,up to the day on which the new office
shall go into operation, be, and the same are
hereby, confirmed.
Mr. HAWLEY. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Nevada how many laud
districts there are now in that State?
^ Mr. KENDALL. Three, and one partly in
Nevada and partly in California, and all of
them entirely inadequate to meet the wants of
the people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I reserve the right
to object.
Mr. HAWLEY. Is this bill recommended
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office?
Mr. KENDALL. It is; and the formation
of this new district has been urged persistently.
I have received letters this tnortiing, and I
have received newspapers without number 1
was about to say, urging the establishment of
this new district as a matter of absolute neces-
sity to meet the wants of the people of a large
section of that State who now have to travel
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred
miles to make their entries of land. That sec-
tion of the country is settling rapidly, and we
cannot afford to wait nearly a'year for the
passage of this small local measure.
Mr. HAWLEY. I shall object unless there
is presented from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office a letter showing the
necessity for the establishment of this district.
We have been establishing a great many new
land districts within the last two years.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Hawlk] objects.
TAX ON SAUOUS, tllll.'PS, KTC
Mr. FAIIWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill relative to the internal
tax on sauces, sirups, and several other arti-
cles. I ask that tIn; Clerk read the bill and
afterward a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
The bill, which was read, provide* that in
addition to the articles now exempted by law
sauces, sirups, prepared mustard, jams aud
jellies, shall be exempt from internal tax.
Mr. FARWELL. I ask now that the com-
munication of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may be read.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the introduc-
tion of the bill.
donation of condemned cannon.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill authorizing the Secretary
of War to place certain condemned cannon
at the disposal of the Pennsylvania military
legion of the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think we have been
requested by .the Secretary of War not to pass
any more bills of this kind.
Mr. L. MYERS. Several have been passed
within the last few days. I ask that the bill
be read.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of War to placc at the disposal
of the Pennsylvania military legion, of the city
of Philadelphia, twelve condemned cannon, to
be used in the erection of a monument in their
cemetery
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
consent to an amendment, to add this clause :
"if in the opinion of the Secretary of War the
cannon can be spared without detriment to the
public service?"
Mr. L. MYERS. That provision has not
been inserted in any of the other bills which
have been passed. If the cannon cannot be
spared, of course they will not be given.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not leave the
matter to the discretion of the Secretary of
War ?
Mr. L.MYERS. I hope the gentleman wiil
not object to this proposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not if the
amendment I have indicated be inserted.
Mr. McNEELY. I object.
report of commissioner of education.
Mr. BEATTY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred Senate concurrent
resolution for the printing of the report of the
Commissioner of Education, have directed me
to report hack the resolution with amendments,
making it read as follows :
Revolved by the Uou^e of J'ej-yrctrillc/ivr*, fthe .Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed five thousand
additional copies of the last report of the Commis-
sioner of Kducation, for the use of the Buroau of
Education: Provided, That that portion ot the con-
tents of page 103 entitled '"Opinions of education
in the State,'' and that portion of the contents on
page 105 entitled " State normal university," be first
expunged.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bbatty] why we cannot afford to
allow a few of these documents in their con-
densed shape to be distributed by members?
I have myself (and I presume the same is true
of other members) many applications for this
book. The resolution proposes that all the
copies shall be distributed by the Bureau of
Education.
Mr. BEAT1Y. Any application members
may receive can be sent to the, bureau.
Mr. McNEELY. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. BEATTY. I decline to yield for any
amendment.
Air. McNEELY, I hope the gentleman does
not propose to ask the previous question.
Air. KLAlIY. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. McNEELY. 1 move that the House
adjourn. I wish to be heard on this subject.
Mr, BEATTY. 1 cannot yield.
