1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. McNEELY. I can show that this
ought not to pass. I ask for a division.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
13, noes 83 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Beatty and Mr.
MCNbblt.
M^. McNEELY withdrew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. I desire to know whether, if the pre-
vious question be not seconded, it will not be
in order to make a brief explanation to' the
House of the importance of this subject?
Mr. McNEELY. If I am allowed to make
an explanation I can show that it ought not
to be printed.
Mr. BEATTY. To test the sense of the
House, I will yield to an amendment if it does
not give rise to discussion.
Mr. HAWLEY. Let the resolution and sub-
stitute be again read.
The resolution and substitute were again
read.
Mr. McNEELY. I now ask that my amend-
ment be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strikeout all after the word " provided," and insert
*' that all of said report after page 80 be expunged."
Mr. McNEELY. That strikes oat the ap-
pendix to the report, and provides simply for
the printing of the report.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
part to be expunged be read.
The SPEAKER,. It will take all day to
read it.
Mr. WOOD. I demand its reading.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I mean of the
main proposition.
Mr. WOOD. Havel the right to call for
the reading of the report? If so, I do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would hold that
the gentleman has not the right to call for the
reading of the report on the motion to print.
Mr. WOOD. We know that what it is pro-
posed to print will cost $50,000 to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BEATTY. It will not cost $2,500 to
print it. The substitute calls for the printing
of five thousand copies, which will not cost
over $2,000.
Mr. HOAR. Allow me to make a brief
statement to the House.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
holds the floor and has the right to yield.
Mr. BEATTY. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McNEELY. My proposition is to
strike out the appendix.
Mr. HOAR. I hope the demand for the
previous question will be voted down, so that
the matter may be understood.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order,
that this is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Why?
Mr. RANDALL. When the deficiency bill
is called up no other business is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Print-
ing are entitled to report at any time.
Mr. McNEELY. My amendment is to
strike out the appendix. I am unwilliug to
print the report and appendix, because I be-
lieve a good deal of the information proposed
to be put before the country is worthless. A
great deal of it is over two years old. The
book proposed to be printed covers five hun-
dred and eighty pages. The report proper
covers eighty pages, while the remaining por-
tion, covering five hundred pages, is madeup of
abstracts of reports of various superintendents
of education in the States. It is very well,
perhaps, to have this information, but it ought
to be fresh. Here is a portion of the appendix
lelating to Illinois which is over two years old.
Mr. BEATTY. I do not yield to discus-
sion.
Mr. McNEELY. I have the floor in my
own right.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
was not seconded.
Mr. McNEELY. The information which
this report will give to the country, if it gives
any at all, will be contained in the census
report now ordered to be printed. And not
only will the census report contain this inform-
ation, but it will contain much later and better
information than this. Why, sir, the Commis-
sioner of Education in this report proposes to
tell you what was going on in Illinois in 1867
and 1868, and that is the latest information from
that State which the report contains. On the
other hand, the census will bring us down to
last year.
More than that, by looking at'this appendix,
which I propose to strike out, you will find
that it contains much matter that ought not
to be printed. Beginning on page 406, you
will find a history of the various teachers' asso-
ciations throughout the various States, covering
some twenty pages. All of that information
has already been spread before the country by
the public journals and been read by those
immediately interested in it, and there is no
use whatever in now printing these essays,
delivered by school-teachers before the various
school-teachers' conventions, at the expense
of thousands of dollars.
If you will turn to page 381 you will find
there an essay upon medical education in the
United States, covering a number of pages.
I ask, what is the use of printing that essay?
It may be very complimentary to the gentle-
man who wrote the essay to have it printed,
but it seems to me that this House ought not at
the public expense so to honor it. If you turn
to page 482 you will find an aiticle covering
twenty pages, written in 1802, eight years ago,
by a gentleman living in St. Louis, headed
"The Bird's-Eye View," and this "bird's-eye
view" represents to the people what the Uni-
ted States would appear to a man traveling
above the earth in a balloon, or if he was a
bird flying over the United States. That is
about the language of the essay. This essay,
which was written in 1862, and forms part of
the appendix, covering twenty pages, ought to
have no place in this report of this House;
ought not to put the people of the country to
the expense of publishing it here.
Why, sir, what is the duty of this Commis-
sioner ot Education? When he was appointed
his duty was declared by the law to be—
" To collect such statistics and facta as should show
the condition and progress of education in the sev-
eral States and Territories, and of diffusing such in-
formation respecting the organization and manage-
ment of school systems, methods of teaching," &e.
Now, 1 insist that these .articles to which I
have adverted, and various other portions of
this appendix, do not come within the legit-
imate duties of his office.
Among the other articles, I find one here
" On the Relations between Labor and Educa-
tion." And I believe lie occupies some fifteen
or twenty pages to show that a proprietor of
a manufacturing establishment would rather
have a man at the head of his establishment
who could read and write than one who could
not read and write. It may be very well for
him to write that sort of an essay, but I insist
that he shall not publish it at the expense of
the people in this way. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] desires to say any-
thing, I yield to him five or ten minutes.
Mr. HOAR. I prefer to take the floor in
my own right.
Mr. McNEELY. Then I yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Tokwsexo]
ten minutes.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania.^ There
is reason, I have no doubt, for everything, and
I tliink the principal reason for the objection of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McNekly] to
the printing of this report is that the statistics
of the country, especially of the Democratic
States, show a lamentable amount of igno-
rance in those States, and gentlemen on that
side do not want the exposition to be made of
the fact that modern Democracy depends for
its success upon the ignorance of the people.
For this appears to be the fact, as shown by
the statistics that have been collected by the
Commissioner of Education.'
Now, if there is anything that is important
to this country it is the general diffusion of
education among the masses. And there is.no
way I am acquainted with whereby this can be
better carried out than by having this depart-
ment of education gathering facts from all
parts of the country concerning the educa-
tional institutions of each of the States, and
bringing them together into a report, and sub-
mitting them for the action of Congress and
of the whole people of all the States.
The gentleman desires that this report alone
shall be printed, and that the appendix shall
be stricken out. Now, the appendix is the
very life and essence of this report, for upon
it are based the arguments and facts that have
been set forth briefly by the Commissioner of
Education. The appendix is the foundation
of the report. By this appendix, by the statis-
tics there gathered, the friends of education in
the different States may be enabled to see
their own short-comings, and may be enabled
to learn wisdom from them q,nd to gain inform-
ation from the statistics of other more favored
States, and apply those modes of education to
their own.
It is desired, J think by one of the gentle-
men from Illinois, to strike out on pages 103
and 105 some statistics there set forth. If I
remember aright they are statistics with regard
to the State of Delaware, and there is such au
unfortunate condition of educational affairs
shown there that the gentlemen who represent
that State at the other end of the Capitol have
been exceedingly anxious that this thing should
not go forth before the country.
I trust that this House will vote down any
.attempt to lessen the number of copies that
have been already ordered to be printed, for
this report ought to be scattered broadcast,
throughout the land in order to show to the
different sections their own deficiencies, and
enable them to profit by the information here
collected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania tell us how many copies it
is proposed to "spread broadcast" through-
out the land?
Mr. TOWNSEND, ofPennsylvania. I think
ten thousand for the use of the House, five
thousand for the use of the bureau, and five
thousand for the use of the Senat'e. 1 trust the
number will not be diminished. I think a less
number would*be insufficient. I receive de-
mauds for them frequently, and could circulate
a larger number among intelligent men and
women teachers who would be glad to see the
educational condition of the nation, and who
would avail themselves of any improvements
in education that they might find therein sug-
gested. jg.
Mr. McNEELY. I only have to say m reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that I
have not brought into this discussion anything
of a political character, nor will I reply to that
portion of his rcmaiks touching politics. I will
not say what I could say, that certain Repub-
lican States, one of which is very far East, have
increased in their percentage of illiteracy while
the West and South, and all the Democratic
States, I believe, have decreased their per cent,
of illiteracy; I will not say that. 1 will not
undertake to'go upon the line the gentleman
has marked out; but I do insist that we are
printing on the part of this House too much
matter that is useless. Why, sir, the last agri-
cultural reports that, we have now for distribu-
tion, perhaps the most valuab'e of the reports
and documents printed by this House, are dated
as far back as 1869. We are two years behind-
