1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
of education speaks in the highest praise of
this report.
I think that the Committee on Printing of
this House, upon the little investigation which
their labors here have enabled them to give this
subject, ought not to propose to reduce the
number which the Senate agreed to by a unan-
imous vote—twenty thousand. I think we
ought not to deny to the people the opportu-
nity to receive the copies of this document for
which they are applying. And I repeat, that
if you adopt this amendment of the Commit-
tee on Printing you kill this thing altogether.
It ivill have to go back to the Senate, and it
cannot be concurred in there under the rules
they have adopted. Therefore this cannot be
considered otherwise than an unfriendly report
of the Committee on Printing. If it goes to
the Senate it will not be printed at all.
Mr. McNEELY. How much time have I
left?
The SPEAKER. Twenty minutes.
Mr. McNEELY. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall not perhaps
speak so long as that.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the principal argument
urged by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoae] in favor of the printing of this
number is that the Senate have passed it, and
we must not amend what the Senate has done,
because if we do they have a rule that they will
do no such business ; that they have prescribed
their line of conduct, and the House must do
no business which requires their concurrence.
Mr. Speaker, if that is the argument it is also
an argument against our legislation in refer-
ence to the deficiency bill. Therefore, the
House might as well adjourn at once if either
House has the right to set up its ipse dixit and
say to the other that it must take what it has
done without amendment. The argument of
the gentleman is that we shall set here and
ratify what the Senate has done ; that we must
not propose any change or modification even
in matters of detail; that we must follow the
Senate blindly.
Mr. HOAR. That is not mv argument.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes", sir; that was
the gentleman's argument, lie said that if
we sent this back to the Senate with an amend-
ment that body would not act on it. My judg-
ment is not to be fettered in that way. if the
amendment is proper, and I think it is, it
should be adopted without regard to the Sen-
ate. Whatever they do let us at least do our
duty.
Mr. HOAR. The amendment of the House
will kill it for this year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It does not kill it
unless the Senate say so.
Mr. HOAR. They will not have time to
consider it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ If they kill it it will
be because they wish to kill it by refusing to
act on it. They can take anything up there
by a majority vote. There is no such rule as
wo have. They have taken up business by a
majority vote and passed it. But, sir, no Sen-
ate caucus is going to control me as a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, saying
that I shall be compelled to take what they
send me without any " ifs" or "ands" in the
way of amendment, for if we do they will not
take it up and act on it.
Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of printing the
smallest number of this report. Let us look
at it a moment. If we print twenty thousand
they can go but a little way in any general dis-
tribution to the people of the United States.
Suppose we have twenty thousand copies
printed, how far will they go in the way of
distribution among our constituents? It would
not give us more than twenty copies for each
member. And whenever a member sends a
copy to a man he will invite letters from fifty
others for copies also, not because they will
read it, but because they wish the book out of
curiosity. I have no doubt if we should go to
the printing of the Bible, people all over our
districts who have Bibles would write to us
for additional copies. No matter what we
print, people will have the curiosity to send
for it. *
If we print five thousand copies then let the
Commissioner of Education distribute them
himself. These books cannot be as well dis-
tributed by members of Congress as by men
at the head of these bureaus. The Democrat
will write to his Democratic member, not be-
cause the work is in the line of his business,
but out of curiosity ; and the Republican con-
stituent will write to his Republican member
out of curiosity for the book. The books will
be sent by members of Congress to their polit-
ical friends, not because they are school-
teachers, not because they will be read, but
because they are Democrats or Republicans.
That is the way we distribute these books, and
every gentleman knows it.
Agam, Mr. Speaker, all but eighty pages of
this book is the appendix, so called. That
appendix is made up of collations of various
State reports, reports of school conventions,
and ofschoolsuperintendents. Here are some
twenty pages about Illinois containing inform-
ation published three years ago. The Indi-
ana report is about as old.
But, says the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] are we to go back upon
the freedmen, and not afford them an educa-
tion? Mr. Speaker, what freedman was ever
educated by the report of the Commissioner
of Education, a learned book containing ob-
servations upon learned subjects and statistics
with regard to schools in the different States,
&c. How does that educate a freedman? How
does that educate a man whose shackles have
just been struck off and who wants a primer?
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to state 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
been stating his views just now.
Mr. HOAR. I will inform the gentleman
from Illinois that the information contained in
this report is needed by those who are organ-
izing schools and other institutions of educa-
tion for the freedmen, not by the pupil who is
studying the primer. The information con-
tained in the State reports of Illinois and
Indiana, and even the report of the superin-
tendent of the city of Boston, has been in such
demand that in years past the Commissioner
has distributed all of those documents on
which he could lay his hands to persons en-
gaged in starting institutions of education at
the South.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, Mr. Speaker,
it is absurd to say that the school-tcachers in
the different parts of the United States are
without light on those subjects. Sir, you will
find school-teachers in every State of this
Union who know as much about the building
of a school-house and the proper plans for a
school as the Commissioner of Education here
in Washington does. And to suppose that the
report of this Commissioner upon the subject
of school-houses, their ventilation, their proper
shape, the plans of school buildings, &e., with
the statistics from the different States, is to
contribute in the slightest to the education of
the freedmen is an absurdity.
Sir, if the Government of the United States
is to engage in the education of these people,
let us go to work and print primers and spell-
ing-books. Let us print the books which they
require to use, the food for which they are
starving, and not these learned books, which
are intended for the benefit rather of the super-
intendents and the heads of academies and
seminaries of learning and colleges, that they
may collect all the learning of the United States
upon those subjects and write essays upon
them. While it is true that this learning may
reach along down through the head of a col-
lege and the head of a seminary, and so on, and
a little driblet may at last get into the pen of
an uneducated person, so small a percentage
reaches the men who need an education as to
make it worthless.
I do not believe, Mr. Speaker, in the first
place, in the propriety of the Government of
the United States engaging in this business. I
believe that it is as much our duty to publish
newspapers for distribution throughout the
United States as it is to publish books ; that
it is as much our business to make shoes for
the shoeless and trousers for the trouserless,
clothes for the naked, as it is to print books
of this sort for the people. The Government
was never organized for that purpose. And
this bureau was organized, the law says, not for
the purpose of printing books for distribution,
and for the purpose of collecting such statistics
and facts as shall show the condition and pro-
gress of education in the several States—not
to educate, but to collect statistics and facts
which shall show the progress of education, so
that Congress may know what is going on, what
progress is being made. Its purposeis similar
to that for which we take a census every decade,
so that we may know what progress we are
making, that we may know how many schools,
how many teachers, how many pupils there are,
just as we get by the census similar facts, as
well as additional facts in regard to population,
mortality, agriculture, and everything of that
sort. It is well enough to collect these facts
and to lay them before Congress. But the idea
that we are to publish them for distribution
among the people of the United States in this
form was never intended.
Mr. McNEELY. I yield two minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Burchard.]
Mr. BURCHARD. 1 hope the House will
adopt the resolution passed by the Senate.
Taking the basis of the number of teachers
and school districts in the State of Illinois as
a criterion, there are in the United States
three hundred thousand teachers, one hundred
and sixty thousand school districts, and nearly
half a million school officers. If the informa-
tion contained in this report be valuable for
members of Congress, I believe it is valuable
and instructive to those teachers, to those
school officers, and to the people of the United
States generally. I know that in the State of
Illinois the teachers and the officers desire to
have access to the information reported by the
Commissioner of Education, and therefore I
hope that the House will pass the original res-
olution authorizing the printing of ten thou-
sand copies for distribution by members of
Congress, so that they may be furnished to
those teachers. I have not time to enlarge
upon this subject. I believe that these teach-
ers and officers are as much entitled to this
information as any other class of citizens, and
therefore I hope that the resolution will be
adopted as passed by the Senate.
Mr. McNEELY. How much time have I
left?
The SPEAKER. The gentlemanhas twelve
minutes.
Mr. McNEELY. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dus-
nell.]
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, I should
like to say one or two things in relation to the
resolution now pending. 1 sincerely hope that
we shall print the largest number of copies that
is proposed to be printed. I think there is some
misunderstanding, that there are some false
notions in regard to the value of this document*
I am glad the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
MgNeely] has said that this ought not to be a
political question. It is not a political ques-
tion. It ought not to be voted upon here ni
this House upon anything like a political basis.
It is a question which is far beyond partiesand
i far beyond party considerations.
One thing, Mr. Speaker, I would say, in reply
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fakxs-
worth], as to the value of these statistics.
Some people fancy that because the statistics
have their origin in certain sections of the
country they are not valuable elsewhere.
