§72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14.
Mr. Speaker, it should be, in my judgment, an
older member. For this is not the first infrac-
tion there has been of parliamentary law and of
courtesy between the two Houses. I can point
to half a dozen old members who have com-
mitted more flagrant breaches of decorum in
debate than has been committed by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee._ I will not mention
any names on this occasion. And let me say
this to my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
that I should be glad to see prepared on the
other side of theliouse a resolution instruct-
ing the Committee on the Rules to report a rule
to stop this personality in speeches printed
though undelivered. Let us, without censur-
ing the gentleman from Tennessee in this un-
pleasant manner, make a general rule correct-
ing the evil of having personalities printed in
this way. and we will raise the House in the
estimation of the public. I hope gentlemen
on the other side will be satisfied with the
proposition to strike out the obnoxious para-
graphs; otherwise, we will have a personal dis-
cussion all day about it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Tennessee desires to say anything
to the House in the way of withdrawing his
speech or apologizing for the gross breach of
privilege, not merely in respect to this House,
but in respect to the other branch of Congress,
I will give way to hear anything he desires to
say and be governed accordingly. I have cer-
tainly 110 desire that any gentleman, unac-
quainted with the rules of the House, shall
suffer unjustly or shall suffer even what isjust
if he expresses regret for what he has done.
I yield to the gentleman if he has anything to
say.
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I did not
think that I was committing any infraction of
tlfe rules of this House. If I had been per-
mitted to go on with my manuscript until its
close I should have sent that article to the
desk to be read by the Clerk, but failing in
that, and having heard read from the desk a
great many articles of the same character, in
relation to the people generally of the South,
I felt that I had a right to print it. It was in
the newspapers of the country, but I had no
idea 1 was committing an infraction of the rules
of the House, as I had seen the same thing
done here on several occasions.
I am perfectly satisfied, Mr. Speaker, that
that part of my speech shall be expunged from
the record if gentlemen desire it; perfectly sat-
isfied. I do not desire to force upon the House
in that way an article which is objectionable or
in violation of its rules. I should have asked
for the reading of the article if I had had time
to complete my remarks, when, according to
my understanding of the rules, any gentleman
on the floor would have a rightto have objected
to it, and then of course the thing would have
gone over; but as I did not reach it I only had
it printed as a portion of my remarks, which
were written out beforehand and ready to be
printed. I thought it was no infraction of the
rules of the House to have it published. I did
not intend any infraction of the rules of the
House, and I repeat, I am perfectly willing it
shall be expunged from the record if gentle-
men desire it; perfectly willing. I am willing
to withdraw it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that it is for
the gentleman front Tennessee to take his own
position in this matter, and not to throw it
upon the House. I hear him suggest that he
is willing to have it withdrawn if the House
desires it. It is for him to act upon his
responsibility.
Mr. GARRETT. I should prefer it should
be doi.e. I intend to withdraw it.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman jvill
see at once that simply withdrawing that arti-
cle is hardly enough in his position. He should
express to the House in some way his own
regret, if he has any, for the violation of its
rules.
Mr. GARRETT. I do not hear what the
gentleman says.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is not understood here.
Mr. DAWES. Of coarse it is not for me to
suggest to the gentleman what he ought to do
under the circumstances. I merely suggest
that it seems to me, if I had unwittingly vio-
lated the rules of the House, I should feel as
if it became roe as a gentleman not only to
withdraw the offensive language, but in a frank
and honorable way to apologize to the House.
That is all I can say.
Mr. GARRETT. All the apology I have to
make is to the House, and no one else. I went
no further 
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say he has no apology to make ?
Mr. GARRETT. I went no further in this
matter than to reprint the identical language
printed in the papers. I state just below the
extract in my speech that I do not vouch for
the truth of the statement. I only give it for
what it is worth. I am willing it shall be
withdrawn, and not go upon the record; per-
fectly willing.
Mr. DAWES. "Well, if all the gentleman
has to say is that lie has put in the Globe what
he is not willing to vouch for himself, and is
willing that it shall be withdrawn aft^r the
attention of the House has been called to it—
if that is the only position the gentleman takes,
my own course in reference to the matter
would be perfectly clear. I suggest to the
gentleman to consider whether he is not called
upon as a gentleman, regarding the rules of
the House, frankly to make a clear thing of
it. : " "  
him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think he has done so.
Mr. GARRETT. I meant to do so. I am
willing to acknowledge to the House the wrong
committed of introducing a thing here in vio-
lation of the rules of the House, but further
than that I cannot go.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In view of what
has been said, I will, with the consent of the
House, modify that part of the resolution that
includes the reprimand.
Mr. COX. How will that leave the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Simply a reso-
lution to strike out from the Congressional
Globe.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Tennessee
already proposes to do that, and why not with-
draw the resolution ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let him do it voluntarily.
That is better than for the House to do it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will recall the
resolution and modify it.
dakota contested-election case.
Mr. KERR. While the gentleman from
Ohio is modifying his resolution I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolution
for reference to the Committee of Elections :
jResolved, That the time for the taking of testimony
in the contc ted-eleetion case from tbc Territory of
Dakota be, and thesame is hereby, extended to June
1,1871.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received, and referred to the Committee of
Elections.
rules of debate, etc.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to submit for considera-
tion at this time the following resolution, which
I think will settle this whole matter:
Resolved, That whoever gets leave of the House
to print a, speech in the Siobo does so upon pledge
of his honor that nothing personal or unparliament-
ary shall be contained therein; and that it shall bo
deemed a broach of the privileges of the House to
print in a speech not delivered upon whieh no ques-
tion of order ean be made personal attacks or ani-
madversions upon any member of the executive
branches of the Government or of the House or
I Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that
resolution, only it implies that such has not
been the practice heretofore.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
now a written rule. I propose to make it so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the reso-
lution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
surprised at that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Personal remarks
are not always unparliamentary. It is neces-
sary sometimes to be very personal in order to
speak the truth. I have been obliged myself
sometimes to be very personal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let alt
personal remarks be spoken openly, and not
printed behind one's back in a cowardly man-
ner.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If a man acts like a
coward, and sneaks 
[The Speaker rapped loudly to order.]
Mr. COX. I knew that there were other
people who had been doing this before.
[Laughter.]
offenders against neutrality laws.
Mr. KINSELLA. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion for consideration at this time:
Whereas a conference is now being held between
joint high commissioners representing the Govern-
ment of the United States and that of Great Britain;
and whereas it is expected and desired that the
several questions which keep up unkind feeling be-
tween the people of the respective countries shall
be settled through the labors of such joint high
commission; and whereas the prolonged incarcera-
tion in the prisons of the Dominion of Canada of
persons accused of violating the neutrality laws is a
sonrco of irritation to a large number of American
citizens: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is respectfully requested to have the case of such
persons presented before such joint high commis-
sion, to the end that their release may be effected.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
CHARGES Of DESERTION.
Mr. NIBLACIf, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. 11. No. 387) in regard to
charges of desertion against certain soldiers
who have been honorably discharged ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs when appointed.
IRON SIIIP-BUILDING.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be requested,
if not incompatible with the public service, to com-
municate to the House of Representatives any in-
formation received at the Department during the
present year concerning iron or other ship-building
in Sweden and Norway.
GKOI'.GE II. FLUNKETT.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. While thegentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is modifying his resolu-
tion, I ask leave to introduce for consideration
at this time a bill which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President of the United States to nominate
and appoint George H. Plunkett a paymaster
in the United States Navy.
Mr. SHANKS. I object. The President can
nominate now whom he pleases.
Mr. SC0F1ELD. Ho cannot nominate liim
without authority from Congress, for he is now
too old, according to the present rules. He
was in service during the late war and resigned
his place.
Mr. SHANKS. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BURCHARD. I renew the objection
until we can hear from some committee on the
subject.
ORDER OF BU3INESS.
Mr. BECK. I call for the regular order.
Mr. TWICHELL. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] yield to allow rae to
offer a charity resolution ?
Mr. BECK. We will not be able to com-
plete the consideration of the deficiency bill
