1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
673
before Saturday night unless we go on with
the regular order of business.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to have
five minutes for a statement somewhat per-
sonal to myself.
Mr. BECK. Well, I cannot stand in the
way of that.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, in
view of the fact that for the last four years it
has been my lot to serve on the Committee of
Agriculture, and in view of the further fact
that during the discussion the other day cer-
tain erroneous and unjust statements were
made touching the usefulness and efficiency of
the Department of Agriculture, I feel it my
duty to present to the House a few facts and
figures. I find in the Globe of yesterday the
following language, used by the gentleman from
Indiana in relation to the conservatory of the
Agricultural Department:
"The economic plants for the culture of which
this glass structure seeins to have been designed are
the fuchsia, pyrus japonica, and camellia japonica,
and other rare flowers to mako up into elegant bou-
auets for the delectation of officials in the various
Departments of Government in this city."
Now, Mr. Speaker, when I heard these ut-
terances of the gentleman I really did not know
but that there might be a collection of these
fine flowers found in the conservatory, and if
so, I felt that it was not only justifiable but
commendatory of the good taste of the Com-
missioner, for I know of no good farmer in my
district whose dwelling is not embellished with
more or less beautiful flowers. Hence, on the
evening of the same day, I went to the Depart-
ment, passed through the conservatory without
seeing a single specimen of the kinds named by
the gentleman, and was told by the Commis-
sioner, after he had read the remarks referred
to in the Globe, that there was not only none
there but that there never had been any of the
iind referred to in the building, and I was
moreover informed that, so far from making
bouquets for the delectation of officials in the
various Departments of the Government, not
a single bouquet had ever been made there for
anybody or for any purpose. If the gentle-
man has visited the conservatory lately he has
seen a few rose, geranium, and perhaps some
other plants taken for want of room from the
propagating garden to be kept until the weather
is sufficiently warm to put them in beds in the
Department grounds. I leave it to the gentle-
man to reconcile the discrepancy between his
statements and the facts.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must make another
quotation from the remarks of the gentleman.
It is as follows:
" In reply to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
CliKl'.sj I bog1 to say tTmt there is not an economic
plant in that establishment, and that there never
has been. It is purely a tancy thing."
Now, Mr. Speaker, with the gentleman I
have no personal controversy, but with his
misstatement of facts concerning one of the
institutions of the Government, and of which
every intelligent farmer in the country has
reason to be proud, I have something to do.
The statement of the gentleman that this glass
structure has not a single economic plant in
it, and never has had, and is purely a thing
of fancy, has gone to the country.
Now, what are the facts in the case ? This
glass structure or conservatory is an appendage
of the Agricultural Department, and was built
for the purpose of cultivating and disseminat-
ing such tropical, semi-tropical, and other
plants as are adapted to the purposes of food,
medicine, dyes, oils, gums, wax, <fec. I have
examined the catalogue of plants, most of
which are now in the building, a few being in
transit. The list runs as follows : one hundred
varieties of imported grapes. Does the gentle-
man from Indiana discover anything of an
economic nature in the grape? About seventy
varieties of textile or fibrous plants and about
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 43.
an equal number of those producing oils and
perfumes, of plants producing gums, dyes,
wax, &c., over a hundred varieties, and the
number of varieties of medicinal plants reaches
hundreds. To these may be added new varie-
ties of sugar-cane obtained from Java and
South America, which, it is believed, will be
greatly to the advantage of sugar producers in
this country, peppers, spices, &c. _ Also the
jute plant, lately introduced in this country,
and which is now being successfully grown on
the Gulf coast. I need not speak of the ramie
plant, producing a fiber with the luster of silk,
the strength of flax, and the cheapness of
cotton, of cinchona, from which much profit
to the country is expected, or of many other
rare and valuable plants, all of which may be
found in the conservatory.
Now, what goes with the statements of the
gentleman from Indiana? Is he still unable to
see or believe the building contains economic
plants? Now, it is well known that we are
importing annually more than one hundred
and seventy-five million dollars, gold value, of
articles manufactured from such plants as are
sought to be introduced and disseminated from
this conservatory. And I desire to call the
attention of the House to another fact. Not-
withstanding but a few months have elapsed
since the conservatory building was com-
menced, a very large and invaluable collec-
tion of living plants has already been made,
forming a nucleus of a more extended one,
which it must take years to complete. Up to
this time not a single dollar has been appro-
priated by Congress for the purpose. It has
been made up entirely from contributions from
foreign societies, and through our consuls and
correspondents abroad and at home.
Mr. Speaker, I wili not trespass further upon
the time of the House than to say that while a
few gentlemen may have prejudices against
the Department of Agriculture, it is shown by
the most direct testimony that the annual im-
portation and distribution of seeds and plants
are adding untold millions to the value of agri-
cultural productions.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to make a "per-
sonal explanation." [Laughter.]
Several Members. How long?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust I may be allowed
as much time as my friend from Ohio has
occupied.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
allowing the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] to proceed ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I believe that
this controversy is all about a glass house; and
I have always heard that "people who live in
glass houses ought not to throw stones." I
believe I am called upon to make an apology
for disturbing the equanimity of my friend
from Ohio. Certainly he is one of the most
amiable of gentlemen, and if I have disturbed
his peace of mind by some passing remarks
the other day about exotic flowers 1 desire to
make the most earnest apologies.
But. seriously, sir, I represent an agricultural
district. I am a farmer, [laughter;] about the
only one, perhaps, in the House. 1 am inter-
ested in the real interests of farming. My
friend from Ohio [Mr. Wilson] is a banker,
and bankers have no intimate connection with
farming except its products, and are tillers of
the earth only in the pleasant way of conserv-
atories and the greenhouses that embellish
the elegant lawns of our gentlemen of leisure.
I appreciate the interests of agriculture; and
since I have had the honor to be a member of
this House I have been persistent in voting for
and urging appropriations designed for the
benefit of the farmer. During my term of
service here every appropriation which has
been designed to benefit the farmer or promote
in any way the interests of agriculture, or ex-
tend our knowledge of the productions of the
earth, has received my earnest support. But
I do not desire the Department of Agriculture,
created for the benefit of the hardy tillers of
the soil, the men who dig wealth by actual
labor out of the earth, shall be perverted to a
merely fanciful field for the display of elegance
and taste—a field in which gentlemen of ele-
gant leisure may properly engage, but should
do so at their own expense.
My friend talks about "economic plants."
I am afraid, sir, my friend, like myself, is not
very much at home in this botanical world.
I said that the camellia japonica was found
in this glass structure. My friend admits that.
But I have never heard this called an "eco-
nomic plant." My friend says that the plants
raised in the glass house are'used as material
for dyeing. Well, sir, there may be there
such plants as dye, by absorption, the rays of
the sun upon the flower, but I do not think
there are any other products or materials for
dyeing anything else in this elegant structure.
I admit the camellia japonica is beautifully
tinted; but I never heard that flowers of this
class were used to color the fabrics which
make clothing for ordinary mortals.
Mr. Speaker, I would like my friend to men-
tion some "economic plant" which is culti-
vated in this famous conservatory for the ben-
efit of the farmers. I find there, for instance,
the Ethiopian lily—a gay, very elegant, showy
flower; but does my friend pretend that it is an
" economic plant?" It gladdens the eye; its
fragrance exhilarates us; it is spiritualizing
and all that; but 1 never heard it called an
" economic plant." Again, we see there the
elegant spearhead, with its beautiful little clus-
ter of pendent red berries, so gladdening to
the eye. But I doubt whether the toiling
farmer, who from year to year digs food out
of the earth, would deem it a good thing that
the sweat which falls from his brow shall be
coined into money for the purpose of culti-
vating these pretty elegancies to gladden the
senaes of gentlemen of leisure about this
capital.
Again, sir, the cactus is to be found there,
and the heliotrope and the night-blooming
eereus. Is the cactus or the night-blooming
cereus an •' economic plant?" Why, the gen-
tleman smiles at the idea. I have seen the
azalea there in elegant luxuriance ; and sight-
seeing visitors hold up their hands in admira-
tion of the skill of the Agricultural Depart-
ment in the cultivation of the azalea.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I wish the gentle-
man would state whether in these remarks he
refers to the Botanic Garden or the Agricul-
tural Department?
Mr. HOLMAN. Oh, no ; my friend ought
to know—almost everybody here at the Capitol
knows—the kind of plants, exotic and elegant,
collected in this elegant glass structure which
cost the people last year §25,000. The
"economic plants" which you find there—the.
azalea, the fuchsia, the hydrangea japonica,
and so on to the end—in this agricultural glass
structure are the same which you find iu the
Botanic Garden, kept up at an expense of many
thousands ofdoliara annually, and draw about
as heavily on the laboring people of the country
as such matters of taste should be permitted
to do; and yet we have vast repositories of
exotics besides.
Such are the economic plants cultivated in
the name of agriculture. They are exotic
plants, elegant and beautiful, sir ; but that they
are at all connected with any economic pur-
pose is supremely absurd. We appropriate
year after year large sums of money to keep_
up these glass structures in the west front of
the Capitol, in which elegant flowers, mostly
exotic, are cultivated and with which the taste
of the nation is gratified. _ I have never com-
plained of this appropriation. That we should
build another magnificent green-house for the
same purpose, and keep it up at an annual
expense of many thousands, is bad enough, but
to pretend to do it for the benefit of agricul-
ture in the country is utterly absurd.
Another thing. The gentleman tells us there
are hundreds of varieties of foreign grapes prop-
