1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
The Clerk read as follows:
For the rebuilding of the Catholic orohaft asylum
at Charleston, South Carolina, $20,000, in considera-
tion of the serviaes rendered by the Sisters of Our
Lady of Mercy of Charleston, South Carolina, to the
sick and wounded Union officers and soldiers while
said city was under bombardment during the war.
Mr. BITCKLEY. I feel compelled to make
the point of order on that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
let me explain it.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I do not object to that,
but I reserve the right to make the point of
order.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I offered this
as a joint resolution in the last Congress, aud
it passed the House by a very large vote upon
a statement of the facts pertaining to the case,
which I will repeat now if the House will give
me their attention.
The Sisters of Mercy of Charleston, South
Carolina, are a charitable corporation which has
existed for a great many years. The super-
intendent of it, a lady who came from Ire-
land and has devoted all her life to this work,
appeared before the Committee on Appropria-
tions. It will be remembered that during the
war certain officers of the United States Army
were taken to Charleston by the enemy and
put under fire. When they were wounded they
were sent to the hospital, and such was the
feeling in Charleston that nobody was per-
mitted to go to that hospital to care for those
wounded officers excepting these Sisters of
Mercy, and these Sisters of Mercy took care
of those wounded officers and saved their lives.
While they were there ministering to them,
the only persons that could minister to them,
the shells from our batteries passed through
the hospital, destroying life and periling the
lives of the Sisters themselves. And while
they were thus engaged at their noble work
their orphanasylum, to which they had devoted
their lives, a building by itself in the city of
Charleston, was demolished by our shells.
While they were taking care of the officers of
the Union Army who had been taken there by
the enemy and placed under fire their build-
ing was demolished, from which they had re-
moved, to save their lives, the orphans they
had under their care, orphans that they had
taken, without regard to religious creed,
whether of their own special creed or any other.
Whoever was an orphan in need found a home
in this asylum. And, sir, when Major An-
derson removed from Fort Moultrie to Fort
Sumter the wife of one of his officers was at
a hotel in Charleston ; and when there, such
was the excitement against her that her per-
sonal safety was in danger, and they took her
to their asylum so that she might be protected.
Although these Sisters ministered as well to
rebel as Union soldiers, under the injunction
of their divine Master to be "no respecter of
persons,'' in their charity they performed such
services to the Union officers that I had before
me the written certificates of every one of
those officers to these facts which I have stated,
and imploring Congress to at least rebuild the
orphan asylum, which was demolished by our
shells during the war. And the late Secretary
of War, Mr. Stanton, said that if there was
power in his hands he would instantly rebuild
thatasylum. Thatisthepurposeofthisamend-
ment, merely to rebuild an orphan asylum in
Charleston, South Carolina, which was demol-
ished by our shells while those who had the
care of the orphans in it were engaged in sav-
ing the lives of Union officers taken down there
and by the confederate authorities placed under
our fire. I hope that under these circumstances
no gentleman on this floor will object to the
amendment. I understand that my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Platt] was one of the officers in
that asylum at that time. I did not know it
until this moment, and I will yield to him.
Mr. PLATT. As stated by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] I was one
of the six hundred Federal officers sent by the
confederate government from Macon, Geor-
gia, to Charleston, South Carolina, and placed
under the fire of our forces then assaulting
the city. While there I had an opportunity
of witnessing what was done by'these noble
women who are now here asking that we shall
rebuild the asylum which was destroyed, as
has been stated by my friend from Massachu-
setts. I saw those noble women, day by day,
moving about among the shells fired from
both armies, administering the cooling draught
to the lips of fevered Federal soldiers who
were lying there, some of them prostrated by
the yellow fever, and others wounded by shells,
first from one side and then from the other
side of the line. I saw their noble, heroic,
brave, and devoted labor; I not only saw it, but
I felt it in my own person. And when five thou-
sand of our emaciated prisoners were sent to
Charleston from the prison-pens of Anderson-
ville these noble women went out to meet
them as they came into the city, gave them
food and clothing, and did all that was in
their power to enable them to be properly
sheltered and cared for. I hope, therefore,
that no man on either side of the House will
for one moment, forgetting the great services
rendered by those noble women, object to, this
proposition to appropriate the money to re-
build their asylum.
Mr. DAWES. I will only add that this can
never be drawn into a precedent, for there is
no other such case in the annals of the whole
war. Let me say further that but a day or two
ago we voted into this very bill an appropria-
tion of $12,000 for the aged poor of this Dis-
trict ; we did it almost with unanimity, for
after a discussion the call for the yeas and
nays was withdrawn and the amendmetit was
adopted. After having done that for the poor
of the District of Columbia, I ask that, con-
sidering the peculiar circumstances of this case,
considering that a proposition of this kind
passed the House during the last Congress
with great unanimity and was lost in the Sen-
ate only for want of time—I ask that there shall
be no objection to this proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. i desire to except to some
remarks made by the gentleman when he says
that this is the only case of the kind in the
South.
Mr. DAWES. I did not say this was the
only case of remarkable benevolence and per-
sonal sacrifice, by any means. I have reason
to believe that the South was full of such cases.
I say that no particular case like this can be
found.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to accept
all that the gentleman now says in regard to
the. South being full of such cases. I would
say, however, that there were many other cases
which are entitled to the highest consideration.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I objected to this amend-
ment upon the ground that Congress has already
provided for the employment of a commission,
which is now in session in this city, to exam-
ine all such claims as this, and others of a like
character. The South is full of just such claims
as this ; of claims of individuals who, all over
the South, aided our soldiers and assisted them;
of colored men who assisted them in every
way, often at the risk of their own lives. I
objected to this amendment because I think
all such claims should be placed upon the same
footing. We would be doing no more injus-
tice to this institution by refusing to adopt this
proposition at this time than we would be doing
to thousands of other parties all over the South.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say to my friend
from Alabama [Mr. Buckley] that it is impos-
sible to make a claim out of this. These Sis-
ters of Mercy have nothing in the nature of a
claim against the Government; it cannot be
made into a claim, because it was one of the
incidents of the war, one of the cases of the
ravages and desolation of the war. This orphan
asylum was destroyed by the shells of our own
Army. You can no more make it a claim than
you can make a claim in the cases of other
property destroyed by the war. It is only
because these people periled their own lives,
sacrificed their own strength, took, as it were,
their lives in their hands, in order to take care
of our officers and soldiers under peculiar cir-
cumstances.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Did not thousands of
others take their lives in their hands to do the
same thing ?
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt of that.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Speaker, the appeal
made to me is so strong that I will withdraw
my objection to this amendment.
No further objection being made, the amend-
ment was entertained and agreed to unani-
mously.
The SPEAKER. The pending amendment
is one offered by the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Conger,] upon which his colleague
[Mr. BlairJ reserved the point of order. The
amendment will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to section one, as amended, the following:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to graduate the
clerical force in the office of the Second Comptroller
to the requirements of the public service, and to
allow extra compensation to such clerks in said office
having discretionary powers, as may bo recom-
mended by the head thereof; and that the pay of
the Second Comptroller shall, from and after July 1,
1871, be the same as that of the First Comptroller:
Provided, That the entire expenditure for the
support of said office shall not exceed the amount
already appropriated by law for that purpose. And
the pay of the First Comptroller of the Treasury and
of the Register of the Treasury shall be 84X00 each,
from and after the 30tli day of June, 1871, and a suf-
ficient sum to pay any increase of salary herein
provided is hereby appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Michigan will modify his amendment
so as not to reduce the salary of the First Comp-
troller, I will withdraw my objection to the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blair] reserved yesterday a
point of order on the amendment. Does he
insist on it or withdraw it?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I withdraw it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew the point.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois makes a point of order on the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My objection is not
on account of the increase of the salaries of
one or two of these officers, but it is an objec-
tion to authorizing anybody to graduate the
pay of clerks in a manner not provided by
law.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman permit
me to make a remark?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I have no objection
to hearing the gentleman's statement.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, whatever may
be the ruling of the Chair upon this proposi-
tion, I wish to make a remark or two before
the question is decided. I wish to say that for
some four years the pay of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury has been $5,000, while
that of the Second Comptroller has been only
$3,000. Gentlemen on the other side will
understand that claims of a certain class are
referred to one Comptroller and claims of
another class to the other ; and it will be found
on an examination of the records that the
claims passed upon by the Second Comptroller
during the war and since have exceeded both
in number and amount those passed upon by
the First Comptroller. While the salary of
the First Comptroller has, like the salaries of
other officers and of the members of this House,
been raised, the increase in his casebemg from
three to five thousand dollars, the salary of
the Second Comptroller, an officer ot equal
responsibility—I might say of greater respons-
ibility, in view of the larger number of claims
which he has examined—has remained as it
was nine or ten years ago, when the office was
first organized. He receives but $3,000.
The injustice of this discrimination is so
manifest that in the last Congress, upon an
appeal to members, it was, I thmk, almost
unanimously agreed that the salary of the
Second Comptroller ought to be raised to the
