1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
for carrying out this matter of the civil service
if we give $10,000 to adopt rules and regula-
tions and to initiate measures in favor of civil
service reform ? I have no guarantee; on the
contrary, it looks to me as if it might be the
probable result that it would be just making
places for somebody else, some political friends
of the Administration to be appointed, so as
to have friends of the Administration to be
appointed hereafter all over the country, and
t he only effect of which would be to enable the
President to get rid of applicants for office by
the indirect mode of having them go through
the form of an examination instead of rejecting
their applications.
Now, I repeat with all candor that if I had
any assurance that this would be properly used
I would not object to it; but I cannot consent,
looking at matters as I see them to-day.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say a word or two
in reply. The committee have oscillated a little
upon this question. I was at first in favor of
concurring in the Senate amendment; then,
fearing it would not pass, I consented to non-
concur ; and again I think we ought to concur,
and I will state the reasons.
In the bill making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872, Congress passed this
section:
*' Sec. 9. That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules
and regulations for the admission of persons into the
civil service of the United States as will best pro-
mote the efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness
of each candidate in respect to age. health, charac-
ter, knowledge, and ability for the branch of service
in which he seeks to enter; and for this purpose the
President is authorized to employ suitable persons
to conduct said inquiries, to prescribe their duties,
and to establish regulations for the conduct of per-
sons who may receive appointments in the civil
eervice."
Mr. NIBLACK. That is all discretional.
Mr. BECK. Not exactly. It says, " for
this purpose the President is authorized to
employ suitable persons to conduct these
inquiries." Nowifbyalaw, whether rightfully
or wrongfully passed, we authorized him to
employ suitable persons for this purpose, we
have no right in this indirect way to refuse
him this small appropriation, and thus make it
impossible for him to carry out the law of Con-
gress. Whether the law is right or wrong is
not the question now. Congress is responsible
for it. It was debated in both Houses. Indeed
the question of civil service reform has been
prominently before Congress for the last four
years. Some regard this as an improvement
and others think it will be a failure. But when
the sum of $10,000 only is as'ked to carry out
a law which we have authorized the President
to carry out, (and when he is authorized, I
consider he is required to do it, if he acts in
good faith,) I cannot very well see why we
should, by refusing to make the appropriation
annul (for that is the effect of it) that law which
we ourselves passed.
This appropriation was introduced into the
Senate by Senator Trumbull, of Illinois, was
argued fully, and I suppose it is proper to
state that there were twenty-four votes cast
for it and twelve votes against it. It was
believed by those who opposed it that there
were men in the Departments who could con-
stitute this board, without additional expense.
But the friends of civil service reform want
to get clear of these very men in the Depart-
ments, and believe that the President himself
will endeavor to get a higher order of men
than those in the Departments to whom these
examinations would be intrusted, that he will
appoint competent men outside of the Depart-
ments and not allow the matter to fall into the
hands of pet subordinate bureau officers.
In view, therefore, of all that has taken
place, in view of the law that has been passed
by Congress, it occurs to me that it is fair that
a chance should be given to the President to
make these inquiries into the character of the
men who are to enter the public service here-
after. It seems also to be required by good
faith toward Congress and our own law. For
that reason I felt as though we ought to concur
in the amendment of the Senate. I know that
the Postmaster General and other subordinate
officers, when they have exclusive control,
have turned out the best people in the country
and put in the worst in their places. I know
that the widow of a minister was turned out
of a post office in my district and a bar-keeper
put in her place, because Mr. Creswell pre-
ferred him, or thought he could use him. I
would rather trust the President in this matter
than any of his subordinates, unless it be the
Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary of
War. I want to give him a fair chance to
carry out this law. We can withdraw the ap-
propriations hereafter if we find that the sys-
tem works badly. I am not prepared, for one,
to thus annul an act of Congress, and say that
the President shall not have a chance to do
what we have said he shall do, and what all
the civil service reformers said he ought to do,
because it would be equivalent to saying that
things shall remain in the old rut, which every-
body admits is bad enough, and may be made
better and cannot be very well made worse.
Mr. COOK. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last line, for the pur-
pose of saying a few words. The question of
civil service reform has been one of very gen-
eral discussion throughout the country. A
great many projects have been presented in
the House; but because we have not been
able to agree upon the details of any one
particular bill we have failed to embody in a
law what I think is the general sentiment of
the country in favor of civil service reform.
Bat we did provide last year for a simple
inquiry into the qualifications of men who are
to be employed in the service of the Govern-
ment. It is the simplest proposition that has
been submitted in either branch of Congress
in relation to civil service reform. It is very
simple, and it seems to me that it may be made
very effective. I believe the country univer-
sally approved the provision which has been
read by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] and which was incorporated in the ap-
propriation bill of last session. I have failed
to see any condemnation of it, while the evi-
dences of approval from all portions of the
country have been very numerous.
Mr. DICKEY. And it received as much
support from gentlemen on the other side of
the House as from gentlemen on this side, in
proportion to their numbers.
Mr. COOK. The gentleman is correct.
Now, sir, we have the means of testing this
experiment. In order to test it, it is necessary
to make this small appropriation. I think we
should be justly charged with want of consist-
ency, with laxity of purpose, with a change
of purpose, if we refuse to make this small
appropriation in order to secure the execution
of this provision of law to which we agreed.
I trust and hope this amendment of the Sen-
ate may be concurred in, and that this prop-
osition may be carried out, to examine can-
didates touching their qualifications for the
service which they seek to perform.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman state
whether voting is not considered in the Depart-
ments a very important qualification for a
clerk?
Mr. COOK. I do not know anything of the
kind.
Mr. DAWES. I hope this amendment will
now be concurred in, so that we may. proceed
with the consideration of other amendments.
The question was taken upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate; and upon a
division there were—ayes eighty-six, noes not
counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. NIBLACK called for the yeas and nays
on the question of concurring in the Senate
amendment.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were ten in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Accordingly, the amendment of the Senate
was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
the special Committee on Appropriations rec-
ommended non-concurrence, was amendment
No. 32, as follows:
For light-house at Shipping Point, north of Quail-
tico bay, Virginia, $12,500.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment, in which non-concur-
rence was recommended, was as follows:
For payment of S. R. Harlow, late marshal of the
southern district of New York, for expenses incurred
in arresting one Mott, in Sail Francisco, for viola-
tion of the revenue law in said district, $550, or so
much thereof as may be due.
Mr. LOWE. I move to amend this amend-
ment of the Senate by adding to it the follow-
ing:
For payment to the State of Kansas the amount
founddue said State by the commissioners appointed
in pursuance of the act of Congress entitled "An act
to reimburse the State of Kansas for moneys ex-
pended for the United States in enrolling, equip-
ping, and provisioning militia forces to aid in sup-
pressing tile rebellion," approved February 2,1871,
the sum of $337,051 38.
Mr. DAWES. I shall have to raise the
point of order that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kansas [Mr. Lowe] is not ger-
mane to the amendment of the Senate. I
might, perhaps, be induced to withdraw it, if
I may be allowed to offer an amendment which
I have here for a similar claim on the part of
the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I should
object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of the Senate, in reference to which the special
Committee on Appropriations had recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. COX. I ask the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Dawes,] the gentleman from Massachu-
setts 
Mr. DAWES. I am not the chairman of
that committee. There is no such committee.
Mr. COX. The chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations that is to be. Mr. Harlow,
late marshal of the United States for the south-
ern district of New York, employed one of
my constituents to arrest this man Mott. I
am very well satisfied that this is not very much
of a private claim. The officers of the Govern-
ment have certified that it is a just claim. The
man arrested was brought back to New York
at an expense of $550. The bill has been
rendered and certified; but because of the
fact that the marshal went out of office before
the return of the deputy marshal with the pris-
oner he was precluded from getting the money.
Senator Cole, of California, had the claim put
upon this bill. It is perfectly just, and I hope
no gentleman will make a point of order on it.
Mr. BECK. No point of order can be made
upon it; it is a Senate amendment.
Mr. COX. I hope no gentleman will object
to it merely because it is a private claim.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
why the committee recommended non-concur-
rence in this amendment. It was because there
was before the committee a letter from the
Attorney General to the effect that, although
there was no doubt that this officer had earned
his money, yet there was no law under which it
could be paid. Therefore, the committee con-
cluded that it should take the ordinary course
pursued in regard to other private claims, and
be referred for examination to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. COX. There never was a better reason
given for the payment of a claim than the rea-
son given by the gentleman against the pay
