1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. .
Mr. HOLMAN. It ia clear, as the section
stands in the bill, the expense of printing
these bank notes, amounting to about eight
hundred thousand dollars, will come out of
the national Treasury. There is no other
mode of paying for the printing of these notes.
It must either come out of the Treasury or
be paid by the banks themselves. I submit,
therefore, inasmuch as this is for the benefit
of the national banks, it is a monstrous prop-
osition that the expense should come out of
the United States Treasury; for, sir, there
is nothing in the United States so lightly taxed
as tbe capital invested in the national banks,
while, on the other hand, there is no invest-
ment of money so profitable. The last report
of the Comptroller of the Currency shows the
net profit runs from ten to twenty-five per
cent., and the enormous increase of national
bank capital is thus accounted for by the
enormous profit of this great franchise. If
they are to have this new currency, costing
$800,000, let them bear the expense them-
selves, and not the people of the country, from
whom they derive the enormous benefits aris-
ing from the franchise which they hold. I
think, Mr. Speaker, that the question scarcely
admits of discussion, so clear is it that the
banks ought to meet this expense.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. It lias been said on
this floor that the banks are already taxed for
this purpose of printing their notes. That is a
specious statement, and is calculated to mis-
lead members.
The banks, whether we reprint their notes
for them or not, will not be taxed more or less
unless we put it in this bill. The tax which
they are required to pay is in pursuance of the
law, and they are required to pay it whether
we agree taprint their notes or not. So they
are not taxed for this reprinting.
Sir, I have got here the estimate of the
Treasury Department of the cost of reprinting.
It sums up $] ,000,000. This does not include
the building." It includes simply the reissue
of the bank notes, and the estimate is that
over a million and a half dollars has to come
out of the pockets of the people of this country
for printing notes for the banks with which
they may replace those that they cannot cir-
culate any longer; in other words, for furnish
ing them again with good, handsome money.
As has been said by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] no farmer's capital
brings such returns as bank capital does. No
legitimate manufacturer gets such returns for
his invested capital as does the banker. There
is a banking aristocracy in this country to-day.
I protest against this tendency to legislate in
their favor whenever we legislate touching
their interests at all. The banks can afford to
pay for printing their own bills, and I hope
the amendment offered by the gentleman from ,
Indiana will be adopted.
According to the estimate of the Treasury
Department, to replace all the national cur-
rency, allowing that fifty six millions of notes
will be required, if entirely engraved and
printed in the bureau here, the cost would be
for engraving six thousand sets of plates, at
$130 per set, §780,000; "localized paper,"
fourteen million sheets, at $8 50 per thousand-
sheets, §119,000; '-localized paper," allow-
ance for sheets mutilated in printing, $3,000;
three plate printings, numbering, and trim-
ming, at fifty dollars per thousand sheets,
$700,000; making a total of $1.00:2,000, which
it is now proposed to tax the people of the
United States for this purpose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
,vlr. PENDLETON. I do not rise, sir, for
the purpose of making a speech. I simply
wish to tay that in my judgment the banks are
sufficiently taxed without being further taxed
on receiving bills for their mutilated notes.
Banks are taxed on their capital and on ilunr
circulation, and they pay an annual tax. All
these taxes together amount to about two per
cent, yearly on their capital, which, in my
judgment, sir, is a sufficient sum to pay all this
expense.
The Government has to-day a surplus in
their hands for this purpose. And when the
banking law was enacted it was the understand-
ing and the agreement that it should run for
twenty years, aud that the Government were
to pay all of those expenses in consideration
of the tax paid by the banks. That is all I
have to say on the subject.
Mr. POTTER. If there is any agreement
binding upon the Government that national
banks should not be put to the expense of
printing this new circulation it is a matter of
right, and the right ought always to be done.
But, if there is no such agreement, I do not
see any reason in the remark of the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Pendleton,]
as to the amount of taxes the national banks
pay, to justify relieving them of this charge
for their circulation. Two per cent, may be
a heavy tax. But it must be remembered that
these national banks have a monopoly of the
banking business of the country. Not only
have they a monopoly ot it, but they have
a monopoly by virtue of our laws. And
they are the best paid capitalists in the
United States. They invest securely. They
are protected from competition. They ought
therefore to be made to pay, in my judgment,
every fair tax we can possibly impose upon
them. I do not know any class of the com-
munity that gets more from the Government,
and have more right to be charged with their
full proportion of the burdens of the Govern-
ment, than the national banks; therefore, if it
is within the law to put the charge for these
new bills upon them, it seems to me eminently
proper that it should be borne by them. But,
of course, if there is any agreement, or law by
reason of which they ought not to be charged
with it, why, that is the end of it; they ought
not to be.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, there is an agreement upon the part
of the Government of the United States to pay
this cost. By the twenty-second section of
the act of 1804 it is provided as follows:
"In order to furnish suitable notes for circulation
the Comptroller ot" the Currency is hereby author-
ized and required, under the direction ot the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, to causc plates and dies to be
engraved in the bestmanner, to gua,rd againstcoun-
torfeitmg and fraudulent alteration, aud to have
printed therefrom and numbered such quantity of
circulating notes, in blank, of the denotnimtion of
$1, $2, $3,S5,.$10, 420, §50, $100, $500, and 41,000 as
may be required to supply, under this act, tile asso-
ciations entitled to receive the same."
That is the duty of the Comptroller of the
Currency, and in order to defray the expense
thereby incurred it is provided that the taxes
that are levied upon the circulation of the
banks shall go toward that expense; for the
forty-first section of the act provides—
" That the plates and special dies procured by the
Comptroller of the Currency for the printing ot such
ci.roul.itin'-' notes shall continue under his control
and direction, and the expenses necessarily incurred
in executing the provisions of this act, respecting the
procuring ot'such notes, and all other expenses of the
bureau, shall bo paid out of tbe proeeeds of tho tax
or duty now or hereafter to be assessed on the circu-
lation, and collcctcdfrom the associations organized
under this act."
Now the circulation of the banks is taxed
by the act of July 13, 1860, one per cent, per
annum. The banks are also taxed one half of
one per cent, per annum on their capital, and
one half per cent, on their deposits. The
amount of taxes that the banks paid last year
to the Government was about four million
four hundred thousand dollars. Out of that
fund, part of which was specially pledged by
the law, as it now stands, for the very pur-
pose of "guarding against counterfeiting and
fraudulent alterations," this contemphtted
expense is bound to be taken. It is tbe duty
of the Government, then, to appropriate for
these expenses out of this special fund, which
was thus provided for that particular purpose,
and to promote the safety and security of the
people of the country in their daily business, by
having good plates engraved and bills issued for
the different banks that counterfeiters cannot
imitate.
It is the duty of the Government to keep
ahead of the counterfeiters, as all good banks
under the old system endeavored to do. It
is charged against the banks that they are
monopolies, and that the profits which they
realize are larger than the profits derived from
capital invested in any other kind of business.
But I submit to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter,] who made the charge, that the
amount of dividends paid by the banks during
all the time that they have been organized
under this new law is not as great, so far
as the purchasing power of the dividends is
concerned, as it was before the organization
of the system. I know that to be the fact in
regard to the banks in my own neighborhood,
and the banks in Philadelphia, taking the aver-
age ; and I will venture to say that in the city
of New York, although nominally the rate is
larger, the purchasing power is not greater
than that of the dividends made by the banks'
under the old system.
Mr. RANDALL. It is as high as forty per
cent, in one bank in Philadelphia.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. That
was an exceptional case.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir.
Mr. TO W NSEND, of Pennsylvania. All I
have to say in reply to my colleague is that
the Comptroller of the Currency in his report
says that the average of dividends of the banks
under the new banking system is not more
than ten per cent, per annum. Now, if we
impose this additional expense on the banks
we will be charging them with a tax never
contemplated by existing laws, and cause them
to assume the burden of the new circulation
when there is an abundantly adequate fund in
the Treasury for the purpose, which was in
good faith pledged for the particular purpose
of securing to the people a safe currency.
'The passage of this amendment would seem
to me to be an act of bad faith toward the
banks, aud I trust the amendment will not
prevail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I think the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Holman] ought to
prevail, aud it ought to prevail because it is
both right and lawful.to pass it, and it is in
itself dibtinctly and eminently just, and these
banks ought not to object to being required to
pay the expense of making their own circula-
tion good. I hold that m the law there is noth-
ing inconsistent with this view. The very sec-
tion read by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
section forty-one, expressly recognizes the right
of Congress at all times to change this tax, or
to increase it, or to amend the law, or to im-
pose new burdens upon these banks, whether
under the name of taxes, or by impositions of
any other kind. This amendment,, however,
imposes no tax upon them. It simply requires
them to pay the expense of replacing their
worn-out, torn, and filthy paper with new cir-
culation, and I submit that that is not only-
lawful, but that it is unquestionably right.
There is no such organization of capital in
the world as this system of national banks.
Their franchises are invaluable, munificent,
and almost imperial in present and prospective
results to their possessors. There is no such
investment in amount, in financial value, and
political influence in any civilizcd Government
on earth controlled under one act of incorpora-
tion or under a brotherhood of corporations.
It has no parallel in financial history in any
country, either in its power or in the munifi-
cence of its income and revenue. There is no
example for such a financial monopoly in the
world. It is to-day, in every sense of ihe word,
the financial monopoly in this country, over-
topping everything else and every other inter
est. It extends into every part of our country,
