682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
that motion I ask him to permit me to request
that the House shall, by unanimous consent,
meet at eleven to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move that the House
take a recess till eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We cannot do that.
We are working too hard. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was not agreed to—yeas twenty-
f.v?. noes not counted.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
take a recess until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock a. m.
MORNING SESSION.
The House at eleven o'clock a. m. (Saturday)
resumed its session.
deficiency bill.
The SPEAKER. The recess having ex-
pired, the House resumes the consideration of
the bill(H. B. No. 19) making appropriations
for the payment of additional clerks and mes-
sengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes. The amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to the forty-ninth
amendment of the Senate having been agreed
to, the question recurs, "Will the House con-
cur in the amendment as amended?"
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
motion by which the amendment was agreed
to : and also move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for
the House to reconsider what is done as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that the amendment
of the Senate, as amended, will now be con-
curred in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment, asamended, will be considered
as concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope it will be reported
as amended.
Mr. DAWES. I did not vote for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holmax;] but it has been adopted, and even
with it I hope the amendment of the Senate
will be concurred in.
Mr. BIN GHAM. Was the proviso stricken
out?
Mr. DAWES. Yes.
The SPEAKER. The proviso in the printed
bill was stricken out and the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax,] which
was in the nature of a proviso t,o the bill, was
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say but a single
word. I shall not object to the adoption of
the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
although I am in favor of the entire abolition
of this system and the substitution of a system
for the benefit of the entire country. Circum-
stanced as we are, however, I shall vote for
the amendment, as amended.
Mr. DAWES. There is no question but that
the free banking system will ultimately succeed
this. The whole business of the country tends
to that end, and I trust under the bemgn ad-
ministration of the Republican party the coun-
try will in its prosperity approach speedily the
time when, by a resumption of speciepayments,
free banking may be adopted, and we may be
relieved of all that odious and terrible monop-
oly which has so alarmed our friends on the
other side of the House. Nothing will so con-
tribute to that as to have our friends join with
us in such financial measures, and such meas-
uk-!> as tend to the peace of the whole country
as will bring about that end. I move to close
debate.
Mr. IIOLMAN, I hope the gentleman will
not insist on having the last word. Under the
benign inUuence of the Democracy thepeople's
currency, greenbacks, will be substituted for
this national bank currency.
Mr. DAWES. I did not know greenbacks
were thg people's currency. It used to be in
the olden times of Democracy something else
instead of paper. But my friend progresses
wonderfully. I prefer, sir, such a currency
as the universal prosperity of all the industries
of the country brings about itself and regu-
lates and enforces upon the commerce of the
country.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the Senate amendment No. 49, as amended,
will be considered concurred in.
Mr. POLAND. I desire that there shall be
a vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. The House voted on the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] last night.
Mr. POLAND. 1 understand that, and that
is the reason why I do not want the amend-
ment of the Senate concurred in.
The question was put on concurring in the
forty-ninth amendment of the Senate, as
amended; and there were—ayes 52, noes 30;
no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that the question
be postponed until a quorum appears.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by
unanimous consent. There is evidently no
quorum present now. The Chair hears no
objection.
The Clerk then read the fiftieth amendment
of the Senate, in which the committee recom-
mended non-concurrence, as follows:
Sec. 19. That for the purpose of connecting the
grounds already owned and belonging to the United
States in the city of Washington for the establish-
ment ot a public park, the officer in charge of public
buildings and grounds is hereby authorized to exer-
cise suchcontrol as may be strictly necessaryfor this
object over the public reservations herein enumer-
ated, namely: reservation No. 1, south of the Pres-
ident's House; reservation No. 3, whereon stands
the Washington Monument; reservation No. 2, in-
cluding the grounds occupied by the Agricultural
Department and around the Smithsonian Institu-
tion: Armory Square, upon which is located the
armory building; the grounds bounded by Missouri
and Maine avenues, between Third andSixth streets;
and the Botanic Garden and Capitol grounds; and
he is hereby authorized to offer premiums, not ex-
ceeding in all the sum of 31,000, for the best plans
for laying out and improving said park, to be sub-
mitted to the decision of a commission of three suit-
able persons, to be appointed by the Vice President
ot the United States and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives; and the commissioners may
adopt, with the approval of the President of the
United States and the chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and
of the Uouse of Representatives, any plan or combi-
nation of parts of the plans thus submitted which, at
the least expense, shall appear to offer the great-
est advantages: Provided, That the proceeds of the
sale of such lots, not including any public squares
belonging to the United States m the Territory of
Columbia,as may not be neededfor public purposes,
not exceeding ten in number, to be selected with the
approval of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, shall be applied to the improvement and lay-
ing out of said park, and shall be sold by the officer
in charge of public buildings and grounds in suita-
ble building lots, at public sale, a minimum rate at
which such sale shall ba authorized to be previously
fixed by the cecrotary of thclntcrior; and the funds
arising therefrom shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States as a special iund, to be set apart
for defraying the cost of opening roadways and
walks, bridging streets, and other work attending
the improvement of the public park; and that the
officer aforesaid is hereby authorized to borrow and
receive from the Treasury of the United States, to
be used for the purposes herein indicated, and no
other, any sum or sums not exceeding £100,000, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and which shall be refunded and paid to
the Treasury of the United States out of any funds
hereafter realized trom the sale of the lots or
squares of land hereinbefore mentioned.
Mr. COOK. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the Senate:
That, for the purpose of connecting the grounds
already owned and belonging to the L'nued States
m the city of Washington for the establishment of
a public park, the board of public works of the
District ot Columbia is heieby authorized to ex-
ercise siK-h fiontrwl :is may be strictly necessary
for this object over the public reservations herein
enumerated, namely: reservation No. 1, south of
the President's House; reservation No. 3, where-
on stands the Washington Monument; reservation
No. 2, including the grounds occupied by tho Aftri-
;• cultural Department and around the Smithsonian
il Institution ; Aimory ^uuary, upon which is located
the armory building: tho grounds bounded by
Missouri and Maine avenues, between third and
Sixth streets; and the Botanic Garden and Capi-
tol grounds; and tho board of public works may
adopt, with the approval of the President of .t he
United States and the Committees on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of tho Senate and of tho House
of Representatives, any plan for the improve-
ment of said park which shall appear to otter the
greatest advantages and shall be within the cost
herein provided for: Provided. That the proceeds
of the sale of such lots, not including any publio
squares belonging to tho United States in the Terri-
tory of Columbia, as may not be needed for public
purposes, not exceeding ton in number, to be se-
lected with the approval of the Committees on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and IIouso
of Representatives, shall be applied to the improve-
ment and laying out of said park, and shall bo sold
by the officer in charge of public buildings and
grounds in suitable building lots, at public sale, a
minimum rate at which such sale shall be author-
ized to be previously fixed by the Secretary 01 the
Interior; and the funds arising therefrom shall be
paid into the Treasury, of the United States as a
special fund, to be set apart for defraying the cost
of opening roadways and walks, biidging streets,
and other work attending the improvement ot the
public park; and no expense shall be incurred m
laying out and improving said park except such sum
as shall be received from the sale of said lots, (which
shah be used as the same shall be received,; and
such sums as shall be appropriated by the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the District of Columbia lor that
purpose.
I want to say a word in relation to the sub-
stitute. It provides forthe laying out of a park
through the public grounds." The grounds are
the same as are specified in the amendment
of the Senate. The difference between the Sen-
ate amendment and the amendment which I
offer is this: in the first place, the board of
public works are given the control of the im-
provement upon a plan to be made for them
and approved by the President of the United
States and the Committees on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate and House of
Representatives; they are the parties who are
to approve the plan, the board of public works
representing the District of Columbia.
For the purpose of improving this park the
proceeds of the sale of lots, which are to be
sold, are to be applied. That is all that is
provided shall be applied by the Government
in any way; the balance to be raised by the
Territory of the District of Columbia. The
truth is that some portions of these public
grounds are now kept in such a condition as
not only to be of no sort of advantage, either
to the District of Columbia or to the United
States, but to be a positive and absolute nui-
sance, disgraceful to the capital of the country.
Some portions of this property are now occu-
pied by lumber-yards and coal-yards, yielding
a very small rent, which goes to the city, and
is appropriated annually by the city, and in no
way benefits the Government.
There are, as I am informed, some ten lots,
forming no part of squares or reservations, the
title of which is still in the United States, and
which are unused by the Government for any
practical purpose. It has seemed to me—and
I submit to gentlemen of the House that it is
true—that these ten lots, which are not needed,
which form no part of the squares or reserva-
tions, and which mightbe sold, which are pre-
cisely in the situation of those lots which have
been sold from time to time, might be sold by
the Government of the United States, and the
proceeds applied to the improvement of this
city. We have these lots left; we may sell
them and may apply the proceeds now to this
park. That is all the Government is asked for
in relation to the matter. Then the improve-
ment of the park is transferred to the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Columbia ;
and they may improve it in such manner as
they may consider best, furnishing the means
themselves. That is the plan of my amend-
ment.
One single word more in relation to this
subjeel 
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman yield to
me to move a proviso ?
Mr. COOK. I will give every opportunity
for amendment when I have concluded my
remarks.
