684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. COOK. There is no sueh officer as the
one named in this amendment of the Senate.
Mr. COBURN. There is a Commissioner
of Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. COOK. Precisely.
Mr. COBURN. Is he not an officer?
Mr. COOK. Yes, sir; but this is not his title.
Mr. COBURN. That is avoiding the point.
Every one knows who is the Commissioner of
Public Buildings. He has charge of these
grounds—an officer of engineers in the Army.
Mr. COOK. It omits the name of the officer,
and the gentleman confirms my statement.
Mr. COBURN. The title can be put in
properly.
Mr. COOK. There is no sueh officer. lam
willing to accept the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wood.] I proposed
the amendment I did, so far as that is con-
cerned, because I thought it better to have
somebody who had a legal title. It is a matter
of entire indifference who shall have charge of
the matter, and I am content to accept the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WOOD. I will state very briefly the
object I had in the amendment I have offered.
It will be recollected that when we had the
discussion here in reference to the organization
of this District under the territorial bill I
added my feeble influence to the adoption
of that bill by this House. I thought I saw
that it would effect an improvement in the
government of the District. I knew that mat-
ters could be no worse, and I had the assurance
of leading gentlemen upon the other side of
the House that the President would make the
appointments in the interests of the people of
the District, and not in the interest of a party.
I voted and spoke for the adoption of that bill,
and, I have no doubt, aided to some extent in
its final passage.
But, sir, I have been disappointed. The
President has appointed altogether and exclu-
sively his own partisans to fill the places in the
government of this District. Therefore it is
that I, for one, am not willing to vote for this
proposition, nor for the amendment ofthegen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cook,] provided
the board of public works is to be intrusted
with the great power which is to be intrusted
to some authority to establish this new park.
And therefore I move to substitute the exist-
ing officer for that purpose in lieu of the officers
designated by the gentleman from Illinois, and
I understand the gentleman has accepted my
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Itseemsto me, Mr.
Speaker, that when Congress is prepared to
make any improvement it makes bat little
difference whether the money to be appro-
priated is to come directly from the Treasury
or to be realized by the sale of public prop-
erty. We ought to commence right around
this Capitol. The Government has spent ten
or twelve million dollars—I do not remember
precisely how much—in the erection of this
building, the most magnificent building in the
world.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is nearer
twenty than ten million dollars.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am told that this
building has cost an amount nearer twenty
million dollars than the sum I stated. And
it is surrounded by—what? How has it been
surrounded for the la3t ten years, ever since
we took possession of the new wings of this
Capitol? By cow-pastures, hog-pastures, the
debris of the work, mud, horse-cars, horse-
stables, and a railway depot. This Capitol
of the greatest nation of the world, a building
which has cost us between fifteen and tweuty
million dollars, we entirely neglect in its sur-
roundings. It is a shame arid a disgrace to
the American name.
I am as much in favor ot saving money, as
much for retrenchment, as much for carefully
scanning expenditures, as any other man. But
rs a Representative of the American people,
I So protest that we have long enough left this
Capitol in this disgraceful situation, and it is
time that we swept away the trash which sur-
rounds it, and inclosed the grounds and put
them in some decent shape. Do that before
you talk about making parks for the benefit of
the people who reside here. This would be
for their benefit as mnch as a park. At the
same time it would be an honor and a pride to
the American name. I wish when our con-
stituents visited us here in Washington that we
could take pride in showing them the surround-
ings of the Capitol as well as the rooms inside
of it. We garnish and paint and gild inside
here. We manufacture atmosphere, at a very
great expense, [laughter,] which nearly kills
us. [Continued laughter.] We take steps to
fill our rooms with statuary and works of art
from the hands of the best artists in the world,
as you all know, at very great expense. And
yet we refuse the little money that may be
necessary to make the grounds around this
elegant building decent; so that when you step
out into the open air, unless it is upon the back
side of the Capitol—for it is a very singular
fact that the front of the Capitol is its rear, and
that the back side is the front side of this Cap-
itol—unless you step out at the rear of the Cap-
itol you see nothing but horse-cars, dragged
by old broken-down hacks tingling their little
bells as they drag the cars across the Capitol
grounds.
If you look down a little distance here to
the side of the grounds, just on one side you
see an immense horse-stable which supplies
the whole country around with manure for the
gardens ; and even upon the Capitol grounds
are horse-stables; the stables of the Senate
and House of Representatives, of the door-
keepers and messengers, are upon the very
grounds of this Capitol. And yet you are
proposing to legislate to make a park for the
people of the District of Columbia while you
sit here with this stench under your noses 1
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman have
the goodness to embody his views in the form
of an amendment? It would gratify me ex-
ceedingly to concur with him. I think he is
talking very good sense.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am glad my friend
thinks so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURDETT. I desire to suggests some
amendments to. the substitute of my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had better
wait a moment. There are already three
amendments pending. There was no objection
made and the Chairallowed them to be offered.
They will be disposed of, and the Chair will
then recognize the gentleman from Missouri.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dawes's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Dickey's
amendment.
_ Mr. BECK. I wish to say a word in oppo-
sition to that amendment. I believe that the
only safe thing we can do now is to non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate, and
refuse to have anything to do with this move-
meut at present. It involves too many import-
ant propositions to be tacked to the tail of a
deficiency appropriation bill. The board of
public works were before the committee, and
the first thing they propose to do—and noth-
ing else will satisfy them or anybody else that
may be put in charge of it—is to pull down
every fence and close every street between the
Capitol and Fourteenth street, except Seventh
street. They will close Four-and-a-half street,
Sixth street, and Tenth and Thirteenth streets,
and only leave two openings, at Seventh street
and Fourteenth street; and how soon they will
close them I do not know.
Mr. COOK. Will my friend allow me to
say that I have modified my substitute at the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wooi>,] by striking out the board of pub-
lic works and substituting the Commissioner
of Public Buildings?
Mr. BKCK. I am stating now what the
gentlemen who want the park desire, and no
park will be acceptable to them or any of th 
friends of it until that is done. The result
of it is that ten or fifteen thousand people,
who live on what is called the Island, are ex-
cluded from the city for all practical business
purposes, except by gates through which they
can walk, unless they go to Seventh street or
Fourteenth street. The whole river front of
the city is to be closed. Whatever commerce
the city expects from the Potomac, from the
States of Maryland and Virginia, or elsewhere
along its river front, is to be excluded from
the city, excepting through two avenues, Sev-
enth street and Fourteenth street. While these
gentlemen appear to be very modest now in
asking only ten lots, or, as the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] proposes, ten
squares, the meaning of it is that all those
squares and blocks that are now along the
edge of this proposed park will be bought
up by these very gentlemen themselyes for
little or nothing, and then the park will be
improved and made magnificent at public
expense, and the lots owned by the gentlemen,
which they will buy for nothing, will be in-
creased in value one hundred or one thousand
per cent, by the improvement they seek to
make.
If you are going to give them anything, give
it in money. The effect of the present propo-
sition, to give lots, is a speculation on the part
of these men. If you will wait until next
session of Congress, until a carefully consid-
ered bill can be brought in, and when the
future government of this District will be fully
established and we see what manner of men
are going to mauage its affairs, you can then
have a bill so fully guarded that you can make
appropriations properly and with full knowl-
edge, and with the facts all ascertained. Now
you are giving certain men authority to do this,
that, and the other, without any possibility of
knowing what they will do, and they will come
back after awhile and tell you that it is neces-
sary that you shall give them so much more,
in order to carry on what has been commenced;
especially to add to the value of the property
they will be sure to buy up in the mean time.
I hope we shall non-concur in the amendment
of the Senate. The committee were unani-
mously in favor of non-concurring, because
we thought we had not reached that point
where we can act intelligently in this matter.
I will go as far to improve the city of Wash-
ington and the public grounds as anybody. I
have, as a member of the Committee on Ap-
propriations, always done so. But I am not
ready to do this thing now. We cannot do it
intelligently. A railroad is seeking to come
up to Pennsylvania avenue, and they want to
get^old of all this property along Sixth street
from the avenue to the canal, and to get it for
nothing, without any checks or guards thrown
around the rights of the Government or the
city.. Sir, you cannot act intelligently on this
matter, in my judgment, and we had better fol-
low the recommendations of the committee
and non-concur in the amendment. I object,
as I said before, to the tacking of a measure of
this kind to the tail of an appropriation bill.
It is all wrong, and I hope the House will not
agree to this, which is the entering wedge to an
expenditure of perhaps $5,000,000. Indeed,
no man can tell what it will cost.
Mr. Speaker, I am tempted to use a very
vigorous illustration of my friend from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Niblack] to indicate what, in my
opinion, would be the result of this proposi-
tion if adopted. However, I will not do so.
I will only say that it is my opinion that if this
proposition is adopted it will eventually result
in an expenditure upon (he part of the United
States of four or five million dollars, and all
for the good of no one except such as can
