686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14
done without any objection, and I presume no
gentleman will object, when my friend from
Ohio offers his amendment, to his explain-
ing it in a statement of a few moments. I
should rather leave it in that way, when so
many Senators are absent, than to now in
advance 
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
leave it so. I do not very often indulge in
debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has always been usual
to grant such a request, and I am sure nobody
will object then.
Mr. SHERMAN". I do not want more than
ten or fifteen minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ The Chair un-
derstands that there is objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I make no objection.
Mr. HOWE. Is the bill before the Senate?
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. Not as yet.
Senate resolutions are yet to be called for.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to say, in refer-
ence to tbis matter —
The VICE PRESIDENT. The request is
objected to, and is therefore not now before
the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I understand no
conclusion has been reached.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unanimous
consent agreed to yesterday evening stands as
the judgment of the Senate. The Senator from
Ohio proposes, when he offers his amendment,
to ask consent to explain it. The Senate now
being so thin, the Senator from Vermont
objects to consent being granted at this time.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest,
as time is important, that we proceed with the
consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland objects to debate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. We are
losingtime. We remainedhere until aquarter
past one o:clock last night, and it is important
that those gentlemen who intend to speak this
morning should proceed at once.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOWE. I shall not stand in the way
of any gentleman. I rose simply for the pur-
pose of making a statement which I think is
called for by the remarks ruade by the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Soixee] last even-
ing. I should have made it at the time, but
before I could get the floor the Senator from
Massachusetts left the Chamber.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to make
a statement. When the debate commences
on the pending bill the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. ScHritz] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCHDRZ. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Seaatorfrom
Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to make
a statement in reply to some remarks of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is this to come out of
the time allowed this morning?
The VICE PRESIDENT. At one o'clock
general debate will close, and the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] will take the floor.
Mr. HOWE. I shall occupy but a single
moment. I am not going to reply to the Sen-
ator's speech, but it will be remembered that
on a recent occasion, when the Senator ad-
dressed the Senate upon some resolutions sub-
mitted touching the conduct of our Navy in
Dominican waters, I replied to that speech,
and iii that reply I not only combated the
doctrines of his resolutions as well as I could,
but I did indulge in some reflections which
were wrung out of me by a conviction that I
could not then resist, that the Senator had been
speaking iu the interest of that Democratic
Opposition to which he and myself have been
opposed for a great ruany years. The very
explicit declaration with which the Senator
cloKed his remarks last night have convinced
me that his purpose is not what I then sup-
posed it was; and I seek this opportunity to
make this declaration ; and no one will doubt
that I make it with a great deal more satisfac-
tion than I made the remarks which were sub-
mitted to the Senate at that time. _ I think I
may be allowed to add, in my own vindication,
that no one will suspect me of having willfully
erred in my deductions, especially when they
consider that it was an inference drawn by a
large portion of the Republican press, and by,
I think I may say, the entire Democratic press.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts rises for what purpose?
Mr. SUMNER. I merely rise to make one
comment on the comment that the Senator has
made upon me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
to make a brief reply to the Senator from Wis-
consin. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to say that
the Senator from Wisconsin did me injustice
the other day, and he should have known it.
I on that occasion tried to save the Repub-
lican party from responsibility for an act of
wrong. It was on that account, among others,
that I spoke. I am a member of the Repub-
lican party, faithful to it always, and I cannot
see it made responsible for violations of inter-
national law and the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States without interposing my humble
effort to save it. In that spirit I spoke. The
Senator arraigned me when I was trying to
save the Constitution, to save my country, to
save the party to which I belong as much as
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin asks consent to make an explana-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I must simply say that per-
haps I should not have made the remarks 
Mr. CASSERLY. As I am the last speaker
and all this is coming out of my time, unless
the Senator from Vermont will see fit to allow
ten minutes further, I must object.
Mr. HOWE. I will yield the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is nothing per-
sonal in the explanation; otherwise, I should
not have objected.
ENFORCEMENT OP FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The Senate, as in Committee on the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I have fol-
lowed the debate which was called forth by
this bill, and by the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which preceded
it, with intense solicitude, and I must confess
that I was from time to time pained to see
that discussion degenerate into something like
a partisan wrangle; that criminations and re-
criminations were tossed to and fro between
Democrats and Republicans, for the purpose
of makingsome small points upon one another,
so that it appeared sometimes as if the redress
of wrongs was the least and last object to be
accomplished.
I may say that this subject is one appeal-
ing to my feelings as a man and to my highest
sense of duty as a legislator, and I intend to
express my opinions on this subject with entire
candor and without the least partisan prejudice.
From the investigation which has been made
and the additional light thrown upon it by the
debate, I have formed some conclusions, the
first of which is that these so-called Ku Klux
disorders in the South really do exist, and
that they have attained considerable dimen-
sions. I find it, indeed, difficult to believe in
the statements which have been made, that
there are forty thousand enrolled men in the
Ku Klux organization of the State of North
Carolina alone, for the reason that I know
from my own experience how liable even prac-
ticed men are to commit mistakes in estimat-
ing the number of people they see before them,
and how much greater errors are apt to be
committed when the number of members of
secret organizations are estimated from mere
vague report. Yet the organization has un-
doubtedly grown to formidable dimensions;
and its operations consist in murder, seourg-
ings, threats, and in demonstrations of vio-
lence of all sorts.
The second conclusion I hav-j arrived at in
the same way is, that the so-called Ku Klux
organization has a political tendency, being iu
its operations mainly directed against Repub-
licans and the colored people, and operating
in favor of one political party and against
another. I know this is mildly denied on the
Democratic side; and yet I presume nobody
can read the testimony and the speeches which
have been made upon this subject without
coming to that conclusion.
Different opinions have been expressed with
regard to the origin of these disorders. It has
been said that their origin is to be found in
the reconstruction measures; in other words,
to quote an expression which has been used,
that Congress was the original Ku Klux.
It has also been asserted that bad local
government was the cause of it. From that
opinion I beg respectfully to dissent. Similar
disorders occurred long before the reconstruc-
tion measures were enacted, and long, there-
fore, before any State government was organ-
ized under the reconstruction acts. They
occurred immediately after the close of the
war, when President Johnson first inaugurated
what was called his policy, and in fact they
were then much more extensive in point of
numbers and much more grievous in their
nature than those which we witness now.
I can speak of my own experience; for I
was sent into the South by President Johnson
in 1865, and I have seen with my own eyes and
I have heard with my own ears; and I can
testify to the fact that the outrages which then
occurred were far beyond anything that is
occurring now. I myself then visited the hos-
pitals where the victims of these outrages were
being taken care of. I saw the bloody backs
of the scourged; I saw the lifeless bodies of
those who had been assassinated; and I know
whereof I speak. Therefore I say that the
allegation that Congress is the original Ku
Klux and that the reconstruction measures
brought forth all these disorders is entirely
without foundation in fact.
Mr. President, I think these disorders had
their origin in the baffled pro-slavery spirit of
the people lately in rebellion. That spirit
manifested itself immediately after the war,
not only in bloody deeds, but in a variety of
attempted municipal regulations intended and
calculated to restore as much of slavery as cir-
cumstances would then permit; and if gentle-
men will take up the report which I rendered
to the President of the United States at that
time they will find it teeming with evidence to
that effect. No, sir; there can be no doubt as
to the peculiar condition of the popular mind
in the late rebel Stateswhich brought forth the
condition of things which we are now deplor-
ing. Attempted legislation was merely a com-
mentary to the acts of violence, both, I say,
clearly demonstrating the general tendency.
Those attempts at municipal regulations were
indeed frustrated; but the disorders continued.
Compare what they were then with what they
are now, and you will perceive a consideiable
improvement in the condition of things, and
that improvement took place under the recon-
struction acts. The only worse feature there
is now to be noticed is that the disordeily
tendency appears in a more organized shape.
Now. sir, as to the nature of these disorders,
such a condition of things is nothing new in
the history of the world. Such distempers do
not unfrequently happen after great social rev-
