1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
olutions like the sudden emancipation of the
slaves of the South; nay, such things almost
always happen after social and political con-
vulsions of far less sweeping character than
emancipation was. Go over the history of the
world, and you will find that almost every great
popular comrtiotion brings just such conse-
quences after it. In saying this I certainly do
not attempt to apologize for or to palliate such
atrocities. No; I recognize the horrible nature
of the things that are taking place; but when
looking at it in the light of history I cannot
refrain from taking into consideration also the
remedies which history suggests.
The real evil in the southern States you will
iindin the baffled pro-slavery tendency prevail-
ing there ; in a diseased public sentiment which
partly vents itself in violent acts, partly winks
at them, and partly permits itself to be over-
awed by them. That public sentiment is not
only terrorizing timid people, but it is corrupt-
ing the jury-box, it is overawing the witness-
stand, and it is thus obstructing the functions
of justice.
1 will not deny that a new element has come
in which has given new life to the disorderly
tendency, although it was not the cause of it;
and that is what is called bad government
in many of the southern States. X think it is
idle to deny that bad government in many of
the southern States does exist, nor will you
find its existence there very surprising.
The social revolution which took place in
the South brought with it the introduction of
the lately enslaved class into the body-politic
as a necessary and absolutely logical conse-
quence. We had the choice between protect-
ing the emancipated class and the Unionists
of the South by national action, by direct and
continual interference on our part, on one hand,
or enabling them to protect themselves by
political means, namely, the ballot, on the other.
Success in this respect, I must confess, has not
been as complete as might be desired; but we
did this thing, we gave the colored people
the ballot in order to avoid the necessity of
national interference as much as possible, and
to make a remedy for existing evils by local
self-government available.
An ignorant class of people became voters.
The ignorance of the late slaves was not their
fault, nor could we recognize that ignorance as
a reason why we should leave them without
tne means to defend their new rights just
guarantied to them.
That this should have led to great temporary
abuses in the conduct of local government is
not surprising, as I said, though certainly very
deplorable. But those who complain of it
should see in it not ouly one of the conse-
quences of the rebellion, but in a great measure
a fault which is their own. When the negroes
of the South were endowed with the right of
sutfrage, they would naturally follow the lead
of those who promised them the amplest pro-
tection of their new rights, with regard to
which the colored people could not but feel
some sensitiveness. Would any other class of
people have acted differently under the cir-
cumstances? Is it not equally natural that
those who at that time manifested their in-
tention to subvert those rights as soon as an
opportunity should offer, should have found
no followers among those whose rights they
threatened? Now, if we assume that the
class first mentioned consisted in great part
of greedy adventurers, and the second class of
honest men, did not the honest men drive the
colored voters en masse into the arms of the
adventurers? Had they fairly, frankly, faith-
fully accepted the new order of things, had
they pledged themselves to protect the negroes
in their rights, the chances are ten to one that
the colored voters would have cooperated with
them in building up good government in the
southern States. The government of ignor-
ance led by dishonesty, as it exists here and
there, might thus have been avoided in a great
measure.
But, sir, we have to deal with facts as th§y
are, and certainly bad government must be
taken as one of the elements of the case. We
have then to confront in the South an anarch-
ical spirit growing out of old pro-slavery tend-
encies, now venting itself in bloody disorders
and baffling justice by overawing public sen-
timent on the one side, and a large mass of
citizens, well-meaning I have no doubt, but in
a great many localities under incapable and
sometimes unscrupulous leadership, unable to
secure the enforcement of the laws, on the
other side.
Now, sir, what is the remedy? The first
impulsive cry is, "We must have a new law
against these disorders."
Let me say that I profoundly sympathize
with those who suffer in the South; that my
feelings are altogether on the side of those
who, in order to aid them, would strain every
power of the Government. But I cannot for-
get the words which fell from the lips of the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] the
other day when he recounted all the laws that
had been passed for the repression of these
very disorders in the South, and then admitted
that all those laws, like many of their class,
were, after all, of comparatively little avail.
There was much wisdom in what the Senator
from Pennsylvania said. Although he did
not give expression to his feelings in that re-
spect in direct language, yet he undoubtedly
felt as well as I do that there are many social
disorders which it is very difficult to cure by
laws, just as there are many diseases which it
is impossible to cure by medicines.
In this case the greatest difficulty is, not that
we have not laws enough reaching the case, if
properly applied, but that the laws have not
been, and perhaps could not be, properly
executed. And why not? Because there is
a morbid public sentiment there disabling the
machinery of justice. Where you cannot have
witnesses to tell the truth, and you cannot
have juries to convict according to the dic-
tates of their conscience, people being to that
extent overawed and terrorized, there is the
end of the efficacy of your laws, and the severer
your law is the less will, under such circum-
stances, be the chance of its faithful and efficient
execution. We all know with regard to our
revenue laws that the severer we make the
penalties, the more difficult it is to obtain a
conviction.
Sir, it would have given me sincere satis-
faction to be able to support the majority of
the Committee on the Judiciary in the entire
proposition which they have laid before us.
I should have been very glad to exert all the
power of the Government to reach the diffi-
culties in the South. And if I am compelled
to oppose some provisions of this bill, it is
because I consider the rights and liberties of
the whole American people of still higher
importance than the interests of those in the
South whose dangers and sufferings appeal so
strongly to our sympathy. The nature of the
difficulties we are now witnessing at the South
I have already described as one of those sec-
ond fermentations which almost uniformly
follow great civil convulsions, and which in
the nature of things come and go. It is well
that we should repress their violent symptoms,
I but it is not well that the passing evil should
be cured at the expense of a permanent good.
As to the bill before us, I do not want to go
into a discussion of its provisions in detail.
Other Senators have done that before me with
greater ability than I possess, and I will not
consume the time of the Senate in merely re-
peating their arguments. But in general
terms I desire to state that I agree with those
who see in several provisions of this bill an
encroachment of the national authority upon
the legitimate sphere of local self government,
not warranted by the Constitution of this lie-
public. To give such provisions my vote would
not only go against my convictions of constitu-
tional law, but also of sound policy. The great
failures of local self-government, which we
have sometimes to deplore, and which I am
certainly not disposed to deny, are in the long
run overbalanced by the blessings it confers,
by the healthy inspirations it gives to the pop-
ular mind, by the natural remedies it furnishes
for existing evils, by the nourishment it gives
to the spirit of liberty and individual inde-
pendence, and by the educating influence it
exercises upon the masses in keeping them in
constant consciousness of responsibility ; and
I never see the province of local self-govern-
ment invaded, even for a good purpose, with-
out regret and serious misgivings. Still less
can I assent to such an encroachment when
it breaks through the limitations with which
the Constitution has surrounded the central
authority.
While I would certainly raise no objection
to the President's using the military power of
the Government to enforce the laws of the
United States which are placed under his spe-
cial guardianship, I am not prepared to author-
ize him, as is virtually done in the third sec-
tion of this bill as it now stands, to interfere
with the military power of the United States
in a State without the request of the Governor
or the Legislature, when in his (the Presi-
dent's) opinion the State authorities do not
enforce their own laws for the protection of
the lives and property of their own citizens.
It would be vain, sir, even with a liberal con-
struction of the powers conferred by the four-
teenth amendment, to look for such authority
for the President in the Constitution.
Still more am I opposed to the fourth sec-
tion of this bill, in which you find something
like a new doctrine of constructive rebellion,
the first step toward a doctrine of construct-
ive treason. I must confess I am a little
alarmed when I find myself invited to call that
"rebellion" which consists in a mere com-
bination and conspiracy, with the mere purpose
and ability, in the judgment of the President,
to do certain things without having actually
by overt act attempted to do any of them, and
when upon the ground of the existence of such
a combination, with such purpose and ability,
the President is to be invested with the dis-
cretionary power to suspend that great safe-
guard of our rights and liberties, the writ of
habeas corpus. Here we have the invention
of a new definition of rebellion, merely to find
a pretext for placing the highest privilege of an
American citizen atthemeicy of the Executive.
Now, sir, although I willingly admit that
the evils to be combated at the South seem to
require strong remedies, yet here a remedy is
proposed, placing power in the hands of the
President of the United States which I would
confide to no living man, whatever my confi-
dence might be in his ability and in his fidelity.
You will notice that the fourth section of this
bill limits the grant of this power in point of
time. Is not that a confession that this grant
of power is indeed of a dangerous nature? It
was of some significance when the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Mobtos] asked the ques-
tion, why the grant of that extraordinary
power was not extended over the next year,
inasmuch as next year during the presidential
election it might be most needed? I do not
impute to the Senator from Indiana the design
to interfere by force in the next presidential
election; and yet he will admit that the ques-
tion he asked might be construed as having
direct reference to that contingency. You can •
hardly avoid, under circumstances like the
present, that a political significance, a partisan
color should be given to measures ol this
kind, and I need not tell gentlemen of your
experience what the consequences would be
if a suspicion of this nature should take general
possession of the popular mind—nay, if only
the temptation to abuse a discretionary power
should present itself in a strong form.
I believe the Republican party is as con-
scientious in the use of power as any other.
I will assume that it i3 more so. But the gen-
