1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
day as long as the old man was under disabil-
ities, which, in point, of political rights and
privileges, put him under his former slaves.
That is the practical working of your political
disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator think
that man was a fit subject for clemency?
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, sir, I think if this
man's disabilities had been removed, the prob-
ability is that he would have stepped into the
ranks of the law and order loving men.
Mr. POMEROY. Would you remove the
disabilities of a man who proposed to kill
negroes ?
Mr. SGHURZ. I did not say that he did;
but his sons swore that as long as the father
was disabled from holding office while his
former slaves could, they would do that. That
was the feeling which the circumstance had
engendered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend right
there whether he thinks a good way to keep
quiet in the South would be to remove the dis-
abilities of men who could threaten to do such
things?
Mr. SCHURZ. It so happens most signifi-
cantly that the sons, the negro-killers, were
not laboring under political disabilities at all,
because they were young men during the rebel-
lion, who had not held office, had not taken
any oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, and were therefore unaffected
by the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if my friend will
allow me a remark, it seems plain that the
fact that a man is not under disabilities, but
may hold an office, does not restrain him from
committing crime.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; but I say that
when a man by an arbitrary act of power finds
himself excluded from political rights that are
enjoyed by those whose superior he believes
himself to be, it is more calculated to imbitter
his feelings, to excite them, to inflame them,
than to soothe them. The circumstances I have
related may serve as proof that, while polit-
ical disabilities in many cases do not touch
the most violent element of society, they are
apt to be rather a curse than a protection to
the Republicans and the colored people.
As to the political movements of the South,
political disabilities have two bad effects: they
bind the law and order loving men of the late
rebel population together with the lawless ele-
ments by a common grievance, and they demor-
alize the Republicans by making them rely on
valueless restrictions instead of the moral
power of their own cause. As a purely prac-
tical measure, therefore, I think the removal
of political disabilities ought not a moment to
be delayed.
Will that removal have the desired effect,
then, to unite the law and order loving men
of the South on a common platform of a faith-
ful support of the new order of things and the
protection of the rights of all ? I do not in-
dulge in the, illusion that the removal of political
disabilities will have the effect of bringing about
the millennium of peace and good-will all at
once. By no means. Neither will your penal
statutes; but 1 do think that the removal of
political disabilities will strongly promote a
movement in the right direction ; it will grad-
ually develop a healthy public sentiment, and
every success gained in that direction will effect
more than all the penal statutes that you can
devise.
Already many thinking men, lately engaged
in the rebellion, are becoming disgusted with
these lawless proceedings, and are beginning
to consider with more candor than ever before
what should be done in order to cure southern
society of such alarming evils; and in large
numbers of letters I receive from that quarter
I find the evidence that the existence of law-
less combinations and the atrocity of their
deeds are filling with the most serious appre-
hensions the hearts of many who in their polit-
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 44.
ical aspirations were inclined to cooperate with
the so-called rebel element.
The removal by us of the barriers which
now stand between u3from them will convince
them that it is not malevolence that prompts
our action, and make them disposed to listen
to our friendly advice with more readiness than
before, their old prejudices notwithstanding.
Many of them will gradually come to the con-
clusionthat if they are governed by ignorance,
the best remedy is the establishment of a good
system of popular education. It will presently
occur to them that the ignorant colored voters
might be controlled by the intelligent and
honest men of those States, if the latter would
fairly and frankly and faithfully stand up in
favor of the protection of all the rights of
those who have the misfortune of being igno-
rant.
You all remember how Governor Orr, of
South Carolina, pronounced a great word some
time ago, when he said to his southern friends
that if they desired to better the political con-
dition of the State, the way was not to stand
aloof frowning and scowling and exhausting
themselves in striving to overthrow what was
settled and irreversible, but to identify them-
selves with the new order of things, to coop-
erate in assuring and protecting the rights of
all, and thus to gain that legitimate influence
with the masses which their intelligence fitted
them to wield for the common advantage. I
am sure, sir, that as soon as political disabil-
ities are removed, as soon as the barriers are
struck down which separate the different classes
of law and order loving people in the South,
that many more will follow such wise and pa-
triotic counsel than have followed it so far,
that much misgovernment will be avoided, and
that the disorders will be checked much more
efficiently by that change than by any national
interference which you can set on foot.
I affirm that in this way not only great but per-
manent improvement can be procured. How-
ever horrible the tales we hear from the South,
a beginning in the right direction is already
made. I admit that the obstacles which stand
in the way are also great, and the greatest I
conceive to be partisan spirit. In this respect
I have a word to say to our Democratic friends
on this floor.
The Democratic leaders North and South
might do much to promote the development
in the direction of peace aud law and good
order, and they also have it in their power to
do very much to hamper and prevent it. Now,
sir, let us see what they actually are doing.
You Senators on the other side say that you
have neither encouraged, nor justified, nor
palliated, the bloody outrages which have
taken place in the South; that, on the con-
trary, you have denounced them as earnestly
as we. I am ready to admit that on this floor
and in terras you have done so; butyou will not
be able to deny that a great many of your party
friends, North and South, have not done so;
and even Democratic Senators on this floor are,
whenever an opportunity occurs, doing one
thing which is apt to inflame the disorderly
spirit, the manifestations of which we have so
much reason"to deplore.
I would ask them, is not that fierce denunci-
ation we so frequently hear on this floor, of
the reconstruction acts and the constitutional
amendments calculated to stir up passion and
to promote resistance to the laws ? I would
ask them, why are those protests and denuncia-
tions so continually reiterated? The opera-
tion of the reconstruction act.3 has ceased ;
reconstruction is complete ; all the late rebel
States are m their places again. Reconstruc-
tion, so called, is, therefore, at an end. Now,
why rake it up so frequently with inflammatory
language.
The constitutional amendments are there.
Let me ask Democratic Senators, do they
accept them as valid and binding? If they do
not, then let us know. A good many Demo-
crats do not, I am sure. Witness the resolu-
tions of the Indiana Legislature which were
recently presented to this body, where the fif-
teenth amendment was stigmatized as a fraud,
and of no binding force. But if you do con-
sider those amendments valid, why, I ask, do
you denounce them so fiercely and so persist-
ently?. Do you, although considering them
valid, really want and mean and expect to
overthrow them ?
A Democratic Senator on this floor recently
admitted that the fifteenth amendment wag
regularly adopted and formed now in point of
form a part of the Constitution of the United
States. He also said that there was no inten-
tion on the part of the southern people to
abolish colored suffrage if it be found to work
well. And yet the same Senator is at the same
time telling us, day after day and again and
again, that it is not working well and urging
reasons why it should be abolished, I would
ask you in all fairness and candor, is not that
endeavoring to overthrow it by indirect means
and to convince the people of the South that
they are suffering under an intolerable wrong,
consisting in these very constitutional amend-
ments ?
I would ask them, does not that constitute
incitement to resistance? Reconstruction and
the constitutional amendments may have been
distasteful to our Democratic friends. They
have their opinions and they have a right to
them ; but what practical object do they intend
to accomplish by these continual denuncia-
tions? Do they really expect that they can
upset the results of reconstruction ? Do they
expect that they can overthrow the constitu-
tional amendments? Do they really desire that
the colored people shall not have equal rights
before the law as provided in the fourteenth
amendment? Do they really desire that the
colored people shall not have the right to vote
as provided in the fifteenth amendment?
You, Democratic Senators, say that you
want free government, and to that end you
want a removal of political disabilities, so that
every man may be voted for. So do I; but
do you want anything beyond that? Do you
want, for the purpose of establishing free gov-
ernment, that not every man should vote, but
that a very large class of men should be
excluded from suffrage? And this for free
government? And if you could succeed in
overthrowing the amendments, have you—and
I ask the question in all candor—have you any-
thing better, anything more tenable, to put in
theirplaces? Thinkamoment,notaspartisans,
but as candid men and impartial observers;
and I am sure that every sensible Democrat
who knows the American people must and will
come to the conclusion that, after all, the set-
tlement brought about by the constitutional
amendments, the settlement based on the equal
rights of all, is the only one that is possible;
the only one that can be permanently sus-
tained.
Whatever temporary successes you may
achieve, you may rest assured of it that the peo-
ple of the United States will always return, in
spite of all the vicissitudes of political war-
fare, to these very constitutional amendments
as a basis of settlement and peace, and it
cannot be otherwise. Then what can be the
result of your agitation to reopen settled
issues? Nothing but to throw the country
into new excitement, new uncertainty, new
confusion. And something more: by this very
agitation you will only promote and foster what
you say you are so anxiously struggling to pre-
vent, and that is a centralization of power.
Yes, gentlemen, the very Ku Klux in the South
and the Democrats all over the country who
agitate against the settlement effected by the
constitutional amendments, are the most dan-
gerous enemies of the integrity of local self-
government, and the most efficient allies of
those who favor a consolidated, central gov-
ernment, if such there be, for the simple rea-
