690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
son that they create and keep alive a public
sentiment which, obeying the most generous
emotions of the human heart, will acquiesce,
if no other resort be left open, in centralizing
measures as remedied for crying evils.
Let me tell onr Democratic friends, if half
the eloquence they spend in denouncing the
constitutional amendments and the reconstruc-
tion measures were spent in exhorting their
lawless party friends in the South to accept
the Constitution as it is, faithfully and frankly
and fairly, and to return to the ways of good
citizeuship, they would render afar better ser-
vice to their fellow-citizens, and also to the
cause of local self-government, than by their
protests against laws like this, for they would
remove all pretext for any centralizing action
on the part of others. But as that agitation
is being carried on it produces mischief and
nothing but mischief.
The Senator from Delaware recently said in
one of his speeches—at least I understood him
so—that the remedy for all the evils distract-
ing the people of the South lay with the peo-
ple of the North. I think I understood him
correctly, did I not?
Mr. BAYARD. I think the quotation is
scarcely accurate.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the Senator's lan-
guage conveyed that meaning.
Mr. BAYARD. I said this: that I believed
the great cure for the present wrongs under
which I considered the South to rest lay in a
change of sentiment in the people of the north-
ern States, who had sustained men in public
life who had brought these measures upon the
country.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, sir, I feel warranted
in saying to the Senator from Delaware and
to all the Democratic Senators on this floor
that a majority of the Republican party in the
North are strongly in favor of a liberal and
conciliatory policy, and that they would long
ago have forced their representatives on this
floor and the other to adopt such a policy had
they not been continually hampered and dis-
turbed by the misdeeds of the disorderly ele-
ment of the South and by those northern
Democrats who directly or indirectly by agita-
tion threaten the overthrow of the settlement
embodied in the constitutional amendments.
I firmly believe this to be so, and I think every
Republican Senator will bear me out in the
statement.
I am called a liberal Republican, and so I
am, and I believe, in what I say, I speak the
mind of thousands and thousands of members
of the Republican party. We desire peace
and good will to all men. We desire the
removal of all political restrictions and the
maintenance of local self-government to the
utmost extent compatible with the Constitu-
tion as it is. We desire the questions con-
nected with the civil war to be disposed of
forever, and to make room as soon as possi-
ble for the new problems of the present and
the future. Nay, sir, I may say more; I stand
in the Republican party as an independent
man; and i thiok I may correct a newspaper
report of some remarks which I made last
night in a popular assemblage, repeating the
declaration made there. I have even broken,
the ordinary rules of party for the purpose of
relieving the people of Missouri of the wrong
of disfranchisement., because I considered it a
grievous and mischievous wrong; I have not
hesitated to express my opinion, without re-
serve, about certain assumptions of power by
a Republican Executive which I considered
contrary to the Constitution and dangerous to
the peace and liberties of the American peo-
ple. Nobody, therefore, can impute to me
abject subserviency to party dictation or party
prejudice. And there are many who think
as 1 do.
But, as a man of liberal impulses and inde-
pendent convictions, I stand here to declare
that the very first and the fundamental article
of our creed is the firm maintenance of those
results of the war which concern the equal
rights of man. We recognize no other basis
of settlement, of peace, as just and compatible
with republican government, as practically pos-
sible, and as enduring. Upon that ground
we stand in good faith and with unflinching
determination, and that ground we mean to
maintain against all attacks, covert or open,
from whatever quarter they may come. And
I have no hesitation in adding that those who
work for the overthrow of the guarantees of
equal rights as embodied in the constitutional
amendments constitute t hemselves the enemies
not only of peace and good-will among the
people of the country, but they bring on new
dangers to the institutions of local self gov-
ernment by provoking centralizing measures
as a means of protecting innocent men against
wrong and outrage.
Now, my Democratic friends, do you want
peace? Then aid us in maintaining that basis
of accomplished facts, that basis of equal
rights, the only basis upon which peace can
endure under institutions like ours. Do you
want local self government? Then aid us in
protecting every man in the free exercise of
his constitutional right to participate in the
functions of self-government all over this land,
South as well as North. In other words, in-
stead of attacking the constitutional amend-
ments, use all means in your power to secure
their enforcement, and then no national legis-
lation to that effect will be called for. Render
such legislation superfluous, and the danger
of centralization will in so far disappear as
those will appear mischievous or even ridicu-
lous who may propose national interference
without there being the appearance of need
of it.
I make this appeal, not as a partisan, but as
a citizen who has the welfare of the country at
heart; and the men or the party who refuse
to listen to this advice will take upon them-
selves a heavy responsibility which the people
of the United States will not fail to appre-
ciate. I repeat, I say this not as a partisan.
All I am struggling for is that the great prin-
ciples I have been so long advocating shall be-
come a living reality on every inch of Ameri-
can soil, that the equal rights of man and the
institutions which form the bulwark of popular
liberty shall be firmly secured, that the nation
and the States shall have good government,
and that peace and fraternalfeeling shall once
more reign throughout the land. I am strug-
gling for such ends, and I do not permit partisan
motives to stand in my way; and when these
great ends are accomplished and the future of
this Republic is safe, it ■will be supremely in-
different to me whether I belong to that set of
men who from that result will derive profit in
the way of political power or preferment.
Now, sir, let me say a closing word to my
Republican friends, who, as the majority,
wield the powers of this Government. Their
responsibilities are as great as their power,
and the path of their duty on this great ques-
tion seems to lie clear and open before them.
While we should go to the extent of our clearly
constitutional powers in protecting the rights
of all citizens of this Republic, we should be
careful to abstain from legislation which tends
to pervert our system of government from its
true plan and purpose, and by the creation of
arbitrary powers and the setting of dangerous
precedents to expose the constitutional rights
of the people to the vicissitudes of partisan
tyranny. Above all things, in dealing with
the disorders in the South, we should lose no
time in facilitating the operation of those moral
agencies which are not unlikely to turn out to
be more efficient than penal statutes. We
should at once remove the barriers which
separate the different classes of law and order
loving men in the South by wiping out polit-
ical disabilities; and, finally, we should most
sternly discountenance all dishonest and cor-
rupt tricks and practices, carried on appar-
ently for partisan advantage, and which im-
pair the moral power of a great cause. Doing
this, you will throw the responsibility of fail-
ure, if failure should occur—and I think with
such a policy failure is far less likely than with
aDy other—on those who by insidious and mis-
chievous agitation endeavor to prevent the ac-
complishment of the beneficent results which
we are striving to attain.
As to this bill, I have already stated why I
cannot support sone of its provisions. If, as
some Senators seem to fear, the disorders in
the South should lead to open rebellion again—
a contingency which lam afraid a law like this
would certainly not be able.to prevent if things
were tending that way, which 1 do not now
apprehend—Isay in that emergency you would
find me ready to support the most vigorous
legislation which the exigencies of civil war
might demand. 1 would not hesitate to rec-
ognize the exceptional powers with which the
necessity of self-defense naturally invests the
Government. For times of war the laws of
war. But while we are professedly in a con-
dition of peace I would not introduce into
our legislation that most dangerous habit of
using exceptional powers. May be the time
will come when a part of the Republic will be
so deeply sunk in anarchy and the rule of vio-
lence that nothing but a strong, consolidated
central Government, iuvested with arbitrary au-
thority, can remedy the evil. If that time should
ever come, and I most fervently hope and
trust it never will, then indeed we should have
manliness enough to declare that this great
experiment of local self-government has failed.
But I am not prepared yet for such a confes-
sion, and I expect neither are you, and I do
not yet foresee the time when I shall be.
I still believe in the efficiency of self gov-
ernment. I still believe that in the long run,
in spite of occasional failures and disasters, the
best and most enduring safeguard for the
rights and security of all is to be found in ihose
political institutions which place as many
duties and responsibilities as possible at the
door of every individual citizen. I am still of
the opinion that in this case we are dealing
with evils, most of which may be looked upon
as the not unusual consequence of a sudden
and sweeping social revolution, but which to a
great extent will turn out to be only temporary
in their nature. I shall therefore not give up
the great experiment until we shall have ex-
hausted in vain the whole store of moral
agencies which may remedy these evils, and
until the soothing influence of time shall have
demonstrated what it can and what it cannot
accomplish. Least of all would I now at this
early stage of the proceedings lay a destruct-
ive or endangering hand upon those institu-
tions which the light of theory and practice
has so long shown us to be among the greatest
blessings we possess.
When I hear of the dangers and sufferings
of innocent and deserving people in the South,
the impulses of my heart are as warm and
strong as yours to rush to the rescue. But
our responsibilities as legislators, responsibil-
ities involving the great future of this Repub-
lic, will not always permit us to follow the voice
of our emotions. While strongly in lavor of
the vigorous execution of constitutional laws,
I cannot but shrink from hastily fastening
upon the statute-books of the country legisla-
tive acts which, in my opinion at least, while
they may afford aid to some, would conjure up
new and great dangers to the constitutional
rights and liberties of all. I recognize it as a
high duty to protect the citizens of the Repub-
lic in their rights, as far as the national author-
ity can protect them; but I recognize it as a
still higher duty to preserve intact the great
institutions which form the main bulwark of
our common rights and contain the greatest
guarantees for our common future.
Mr. CASSERLY addressed the Senate ip
