1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
opposition to the bill, speaking till one o'clock.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unani-
mous agreement of the Senate, the debate has
now terminated, except the closing speech of
the Senator who reported the bill. The Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is now
entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I am sorry
that, in order to be specific in arguments about
the Constitution and the law, one is obliged to
be dull. If one only had the genius and the
enthusiasm of those of our friends and our
enemies both—I do not care to be specific—
who are willing to oppose legislation upon the
imagination and upon rhetoric, then certainly
I should not attempt to make any speech at
all. But inasmuch as this is an important
public question, which involves, as Senators
have said, delicate responsibilities between the
States and the national Government, I think
it right that we should examine a little in de-
tail precisely what sort of a Government we
have and precisely what its rights are ; and if
it shall turn out on such an examination that
the bill which we have proposed is within the
clear scope of constitutional authority, and is
within the clear line of legislative precedent,
and is a means to the preservation of private
rights, then I shall hope that even our Demo-
cratic friends will be willing to agree that the
crimes which have been committed, and which
have had added to them that other and greater
crime on the part of the tribunals and com-
munities in which they occur of being suffered
to go unpunished, shall be reached by every
means of lawful legislation. They certainly
ought not to deny that if crimes such as have
been stated exist, and are unrepressed by
existing laws and authorities, every measure
of constitutional legislation which will have
a tendency to preserve life and liberty and
uphold order ought to be resorted to.
I agree entirely, Mr. President, with the
sentiment expressed by the honorable Senator
from Missouri who sits farthest from me [Mr.
Blair] the other day, not entirely with his
unlimited statement of it, but with the senti-
ment that—
"The Government certainly owed protection to
the Union men of the South, precisely and in the
same proportion as the people of the South owed
allegiance to the Government. As I remarked the
other day, the duty of- protection on the part of the
Government and the duty of allegiance on the part
of the citizen are reciprocal duties—the one is the
consideration for the other. If one fails in his duty
he has no right to exact the performance of the
other. If the Government failed to protect its citi-
zens. it could not require the allegiance of its citi-
zens. If it refused to make an effort to protect them,
it had still less ground to require its citizens to yield
their allegiance."
That, Mr. President, is sound doctrine, with
the qualification that the duty of the Govern-
ment to protect its citizens is not absolute in
the final sense; its duty to protect is that it
will exhaust all the resources of its power, by
diligent and faithful and vigorous effort to
preserve the liberties and the rights of its citi-
zens; and when it has done that it has per-
formed the full function of government, and
when it has refused to do that it has failed,
and is not entitled to be called a complete or
just Government at all; and it ought to be
put down by revolution or otherwise.
Now, sir, if the people of these southern
States, whose case is what you know and what
all the people know, are not protected to the
uttermost bound of the power of the nation
whose citizens they are—the uttermost bound
I mean of course of its constitutional power—
then, on the principle of the honorable Senator
from Missouri, and the true principle, we have
absolved them from allegiance to us ; they owe
us no duty of obedience to law, and they are
remitted to themselves to protect themselves as
best they may. Do Senators wish to reach
that conclusion? Do Senators wish to meet
inayearortwo that event? Is my honorable
friend from California [Mr. Casserly] so
desirous to foment a war of races, which will
surely come at last, as vengeance always fol-
lows crime in some way, as to view with indif-
ference such a possibility ; or is he willing, if
he constitutionally may, to interpose the calm
force of law, through the judiciary, aided by
the lawful executive power of the nation, to
punish crime and uphold order? That is the
question that he will have to face, and that is
the only question.
We have been told, Mr. President, a good
many times, and for a good many years, that
this national Government of ours is, after all,
not a Government of the people, but that it is
merely a confederated Government of States,
and that wherever and whenever the national
authority undertakes to appeal to a citizen
either to do or omit to do a thing, it transcends
its authority; that all the rights and duties of
a citizen are infolded in his State constitution,
and that we therefore, under the recent amend-
ments or under the old Constitution, must act
only upon that political body called the State,
as we would act in the case of our relations
with a foreign Power. This was the doctrine
of the Democratic party before the rebellion ;
it was a doctrine common to it and the powers
of the rebellion during the war, and it has been
so since. Sir, that is a mistake. It is a mis-
take which led to the rebellion; it is a mistake
which has led to the fruits of that rebellion
which we are now reaping in the last and
basest form which the spirit that produced
the rebellion can possibly assume.
The honorable Senators over the way have
thought fit to read from those excellent com-
mentaries upon the strength and stress of
which the people of the United States, through
their States, adopted this Constitution, to show
what was the nature of this Government. So
will I. Mr. Hamilton, in these publications,
which were put forth, as I say, when this Con-
stitution was about to be adopted, and when,
as my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] j
so properly suggests, the temptation was en- 1
tirely to diminish and belittle the powers of
the Government—Mr. Hamilton, speaking
of the difficulties between independent States
and of the difficulties in the relations of the
national Government to the States under the
Confederation, says:
" But if we are unwilling to be placed in this peril-
ous situation; if we still will adhere to the design
of a national government, or. which is the same
thing, of a superintending power, under the direc-
tion of a common council, we must resolve to incor-
porate into our plan those ingredients which may be
considered as forming the characteristic difference
between a league and a government, we must ex-
tend the authority of the Union to the persons of
the citizens, the only proper objects of government.
"Government implies the power of making laws.
Itis essential to theideaof alaw that it be attended
with a sanction, or, in other words, a penalty or
punishment for disobedience. If there bo no pen-
alty annexed to disobedience, the resolutions or
commands which pretend to be laws will iu fact
amount to nothing more than advice or recom-
mendation."
Which Is the redress and remedy our honor-
able friends desire to give to this existing evil,
and which I see from the debates in the House
they are to do by a sort of encyclical letter to
their friends whose excesses give them so much
cause for mortification.
"This penalty, whatever it may be, can only be
inflicted in two ways: by the agency of the courts
and ministers of justice, or by military force; by the
coercion of the magistracy, or by the coercion of
arms. The first kind can evidently apply only to
men ; the last kind must, of necessity, be employed
against bodies-politic, or communities, orStates. It
is evident that there is no process of a court by
which the observance of the laws can, in the last
resort, be enforced. Sentences may be denounced
against them for violations of their duty, but these
sentences can on-ly be carried into execution by the
sword."
That, sir, is precisely the principle upon
which this bill is framed. It does not seek
by military power to invade any State, or the
right of any State or any man; it seeks to
denounce, by a declaration of what shall be a
crime, an unconstitutional act; and it endeav-
ors to enforce the penalty imposed uponthat
by the proper intervention of the judiciary;
and then it proceeds to lend the strong arm of
the nation to the assistance of that judiciary.
But he proceeds and says again :
" The result of these observations to an intelligent
mind must be clearly this, that if it bo possible at
any rate to construct a federal government capable
of regulating the common concerns and preserving
the general tranquillity, it must be founded, as to
the objects committed to its care, upon the reverso
of the principle contended for by the opponents of
the proposed constitution. It must carry its agency
of the persons of the citizens. It must stand in need
of no intermediate legislation, but must itself be em-
powered to employ the arm of the ordinary magis-
trate to execute its own resolutions. The majesty
of the national authority must be manifested through
the medium of the courts of justice. The Govern-
ment ot the Union, like that of each State, must be
able to addres3 itself immediately to the hopes and
fears of individuals, and to attract to its support
those passions which have the strongest influence
upon the human heart. It must, in short, possess
all the means, and have a right to resort to all the
methods of executing the powers with which it is
intrusted, that are possessed and exercised by the
governments of the particular States."
This was the construction of the Constitu-
tion as it was by him who largely participated
in the framing of it, by hira whose counsels
alone, through the publications embodied in
this book, gave us the Constitution at all. To
exercise these high duties is not, as the honor-
able Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
complained, to " enter a State," or, as a Sena-
tor on the other side said, to " invade " a State}
but it is to obey the will of the whole people
expressed in the Constitution. The national
Government never either enters or invades a
State. It is always and everywhere in every
State already. It is among the people, and
administered by the officers of the people whose
Government it is.
This is not all as to the nature of this Gov-
ernment. It is a Government, as our brethren
on the other side have probably learned by
this time, of separated powers, and among
those is the department of the judiciary, to
whose judgments, when they are on their side,
they advise us with great solicitude to bow,
and we always do. Now, hear the judgment
of the great tribunal whose function it is to
pronounce upon constitutional powers, so far
as they affect the relations of persons to the
Government and the relations of all private
rights. Says Mr. Justice Story, in the case of
Martin vs. Hunter, iu 1 Wheaton :■
"The Constitution of the United States was or-
dained and established, not by the States in their
sovereign capacities, but emphatically, as the pre-
amble of the Constitution declares, by ' the people
of the United States.' Theiecan be 110 doubt that
it was competent to the people to invest the General
Government with all the powers which they might
deem proper and necessary; to extend or restrain
these powers according to their own good pleasure,
and to give them a paramount and supreme author-
ity."
" It did not suit the purposes of the people in fram-
ing this great charter of our liberties to provide for
minute specifications ot its powers, or to declare the
means by which those powers should be carried into
execution. It was foreseen that this would be a per-
ilous and difficult, if not an impracticable task. The
instrument was not intended to provide merely for
the exigencies of a few years, but was to endure
through a long lapse of ages, the events of which
were locked up in the inscrutable purposes of Prov-
idence. It could not be foreseen what new chauges
and modifications of power might be indispensablo
to effectuate the general objects of the charter; and
restrictions and specifications, which, at the present,
might seem salutary, might, in the end, prove tho
overthrow of the system itself. Hence its powers are
expressed in general terms, leaving to the Legisla-
ture, from time to time, to adopt its own means to
effcctuate legitimate objects, and to mold and n^aol
the exercise of its powers, as its own wisdom and the
public interests should require."
Now, sir, what were these general objects to
which this learned judge refers in deciding this
cause ? They are stated, as he has said, in the
preamble of this instrument. Let us hear them.
They seem to have been forgotten or over-
looked—some time they must have been read-
by the honorable gentlemen who have opposed
this bill:
"We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, to establish justice"—
which I believe is rendering to every man his
due—
" to insure domestic tranquillity"--
which I believe is to preserve peace every-
