692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
where within the boundaries of the United
States—
"and to provide for the common defense, to promote
the general welfare, and to secure the blessmgs oi
liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordam and
establish this Constitution for the United States of
America."
These, say the court, are the general objects;
and in carrying out these objects in the methods
and through the instrumentalities which the
Constitution had provided, Congress, the legis-
lative power, as a sovereign power over the
people, of them and from them, and exercising
the same forces over them that a State does
over its citizens, was to select the means through
which these great objects were to be attained.
Therefore I say, sir, that from the beginning
this was a Government of the nation and over
the inhabitants of the nation as inhabitants,
and not through the power of the States, just
so far as, and to the full extent that, the Con-
stitution in its grant of powers confided subjects
for consideration and provision to the national
Government. _ -
Again, Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, in the
case of Cohens vs. Virginia, undertook to
enumerate the conditions under which the Gov-
ernment was formed, and the conditions under
which alone it could succeed. He says:
" If it could be doubted whether, from its nature,
it were not supreme in all cases where it is empow-
ered to act, that doubt would be removed by the
declaration that this Constitution, and the laws of
the United States which shall be made in pursuance
thereof, and all treaties made or which shall be
made under the authority of the United States,
shall be the supreme law of the land, and the judges
in every State shall be bound thereby, anything in
the constitution or laws of any State to the con-
trary notwithstanding.'
"This is the authoritative language of the American
people; and, if gentlemen please, of the American
States. It marks, with lines too strong to be mis-
taken, the characteristic distinction between the
Government and the Union, and those of the States.
The General Government, though limited as to its
objects, is supreme with respect to those objects.
This principle is a part of the Constitution; and if
there be any who deny its necessity, none can deny
its authority.
"To this supreme government ample powers are
confided, and, if it were possible to doubt the great
purposes for which they were so confided, the people
of tne United States have declared that they are
given 'in order to form a more perfect union, estab-
lish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common defense, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to themselvesand
their post6rity J
" With the ample powers confided to this supreme
government for these interesting purposes aro con-
nected many express and important limitations on
the sovereignty of the States, which are made for
the same purposes. The powers of the Union on the
great subjects of war, peace, and commerce, and on
many others, are in themselves limitations of the
sovereignty of the States, but in addition to these,
the sovereignty of the States is surrendered"—
And here I beg gentlemen on the other side
to mark what he says—
" but in addition to these, the sovereignty of the
States is surrendered in many instances where the
surrender can only operate to the benefit of thepeo-
ple, and where, perhaps, no other power is conferred
on Congress than a conservative power to maintain
the principles established in the Constitution."
Again, in the ca3e of Gibbons vs. Ogden, the
court declare:
" And our Constitution being, as was aptly said at
the bar, one of enumeration and not of definition to
ascertain the extent of the power it becomes neces-
sary to settle the meaning of the terms - employed
in it."
The men who formed the Constitution did
not undertake to define what were the rights
of man which it undertook to secure. They
did not undertake to define the war, for illus-
tration, which it authorized Congress to make.
It enumerated, as the court have said, the
great objects over which and for which, to
secure the ends named in the preamble, the
powers of the people were delegated to the
authority of the Government, leaving to the
Government, through its proper departments,
the definition of those powers.
Now, Mr. President, I think it must be ad-
mitted—-I had supposed that events had settled
it until I heard this debate—that this Consti-
tution, be it much or little, (for I am not now
on the point of its extent,) if it gives us au-
thority or if it withholds it, is to the extent of
its scope a Constitution of the people, and that
it brings the people, in respect to every right
which it secures to them, into direct commun-
ication with that Government which exists
by the Constitution, and which only and solely
has the paramount power to enforce it. The
governments of the States cannot finally or
independently enforce or decline to enforce the
Constitution of the United States; it is not
their Constitution in the sense that the consti-
tution of the State is. It is the Constitution of
the whole people as a national body, and the
requirements of which they cannot finally pass
upon; and therefore whatever rights are
secured to the people under it must be guar-
antied to them and made effectual for them
at last through the instrumentality of the
national Government, and through no other.
I need scarcely occupy your time, Mr. Presi-
dent, and that of the Senate, in showing how
perfectly the authority of Congress to execute
this Constitution, and the authority of Congress
to choose the means by which it shall be
.xecuted, is recognized by the judicial depart-
ment of the Government; but lest my friends
on the other side should suspect that I had
slighted this part of their argument, I will read
to them an authority which I am sure they will
recognize—that of Prigg vs. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, in which the Supreme
Courtdecided, as they know, that the obligation
imposed to return fugitives from labor was an
obligation the performance of which by the
nation was secured by the Constitution of the
United States as it was. Although nothing was
said as to the power of Congress to put it into
execution, although no "appropriate legisla-
tion" was referred to or authorized in terms
to give it effect, the court said, as they know,
and said as the law was, painful and unfor-
tunate as was the incident which should have
brought it into application, that it was the
solemn duty of Congress under the Constitu-
tion to secure to the individual, in spite of the
State, or with its aid, as the case might be, pre-
cisely the rights that the Constitution gave him,
and that there should be no intermediate
authority to arrest or oppose the direct per-
formance of this duty by Congress. The court
say:
" The State legislation may be entirely silent on
the whole subjeet, and its ordinary remedial process
framed with different views and objects,"—
which has a very apt application to some of
the State legislation in the States whose con-
dition we have been considering—
"and this maybe innocently as well as designedly
done, since every State is perfectly competent, and
has the exclusive right to prescribe the remedies in
its own judicial tribunals, to limit the time as well as
the mode of redress, and to deny jurisdiction over
cases which its own policy and its own institutions
either prohibit or discountenance.
"If, therefore, the clause of the Constitution had
stopped at themere recognition of the right, without
providing or contemplating any means by which it
might be established and enforced in cases where it
did not execute itself, it is plain that it would have,
in a great variety of cases, a delusive and empty an-,
nuneiation. If it did not contemplate any action,
either through State or national legislation, as aux-
iliaries to its more pcrfect enforcement in the form
of remedy 01- of protection,"—
" Protection," mark the word, Mr. Presi-
dent; it appears in the fourteenth amendment—
" then, as there would be no duty on either to aid
the right, it would be left to the mere comity of the
States to act as they should please; and would de-
pend for its security upon the changing course of
publie opinion, the mutations of public policy, and
the general adaptations of remedies for purposes
strictly according to the lex fori." * * *
"The fundamental principle, applicable to all
cases of this sort, would seem to be, that where the
end is required the means are given; and where the
duty is enjoined, the ability to perform it is contem-
plated to exist on the part of the functionaries to
whom it is intrusted."
Mr. President, my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] when he addressed the Senate the
other day, seemed to have the apprehension
that we were or might be by this bill enter-
ing upon a great change in the character of
the Government, in the fact that we were en-
deavoring to protect personal rights, which,
he said, the traditions of the Government and
the course of the Constitution had always left
to the States. If that were so, it would be no
argument against the propriety of this bill,
provided the new phases and amendments of
the Constitution had made the change. But
it is not a new idea. As I have stated, the
government of the United Stated over the sub-
jects which are intrusted to it has always been
a government which dealt directly with the
people, and which, from the nature of things,
could not in any case effectually deal other-
wise than by open war directly with the State,
even in those cases where the prohibition is
directly upon the State, as in that, for instance,
of making a negotiation with a foreign Power.
If the State of Vermont, for example, nego-
tiates with the British Government for the
extradition of fugitives, what is the United
States to do about it as to the State of Ver-
mont? She can institute no process against
that State to set aside the treaty. Her only
redress against us would be either " the last
reason of kings," as the saying is, warfare, for
a violation of that duty, or else, as also has been
done, addressing itself directly to the people, to
the persons, in spite of any act of the State in
its collective capacity. And so in the very in-
stance to which I have referred as an illustra-
tion of the prohibition to make treaties, which
is a direct prohibition on the States, which has
nothing on the face of it to do the individual
action or individual right at all, the only
method through which the treaty-making
power of a State could be assailed or the act
of making a treaty by a State could be denied,
was, and has been, in the very case of the State
of Vermont, through the intervention of the
national Legislature acting upon the persons
in providing methods of personal repression
through the courts; so that many years ago,
when the Governor of the State of Vermont
entered into an arrangement, before we had
any extradition treaty with Great Britain, to sur-
render a notorious criminal to the authorities
of Canada, that criminal applied to the courts
and was released by the Supreme Court of the
United States, dealing directly between him
and the person who held the office of Gov-
ernor, not Governor Jenniaon, but citizen
Jennison.
It is a delusion, therefore, to imagine that
at any time and in any way the faculties and
functions enumerated in this Constitution,
which have been given to the United States
or have been denied to the States, are to be
carried out'solely through secondary means.
Wherever the Constitution imposes a duty or
a prohibition, and it becomes necessary to
make it effectual, the Government always has,
and it always must, short of warfare, go directly
to the thing itself, take hold of the citizen.
In the course of this enumeration of per-
sonal rights, perhaps one of the chief in the old
Constitution was that of securing equal priv-
ileges and immunities to the citizens of the
several States. I should not have thought it
necessary to allude to this provision in this
debate but for the stress that my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who 1 am sorry to
see is not present at this time, laid upon it
when he was endeavoring to persuade himself
that the fourteenth amendment of the Consti-
tution had made no change in the constitutional
rights of citizens or in the constitutional duties
of the Government toward them. He under;
took to show that the provision in the four-
teenth amendment, using sometimes words of
the same character, was the same in substance
with the ancient provision. That is another
mistake. The ancient provision was,that—
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all privileges and immunities of citizens in the sev-
eral States."
Not that the citizens of the United States
shall be entitled to privileges and immunities
in every State, but that the citizen of one State
going into another should have the rights of a
citizen there; and it was out of that that the
doctrine grew, and it came to be legal doctrine
