1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
almost at last, that the citizen of one State
going into another was not entitled to exercise
the rights of a citizen of that State in every
case; and it was out of that that the doctrine
grew that the citizen of one State might not be
a citizen of the United States at all, in the sense
of being entitled to the privileges and immun-
ities of the citizen of another State. It was
only a State citizenship, and from that State
citizenship resulted the national citizenship in
that State, and when he had removed to another
State he then became a citizen in due process
of time of that State, and his national citizen-
ship resulted, as the branch results from the
root, from his citizenship of that State. In
other words, national citizenship before this
amendment was merely a consequence of State
citizenship, and, as the old saying is, as the
stream cannot rise higher than its source, so
the right of the national citizen, using that term
us applied to liim, was not greater than the
right of the State citizen, however that might
be cramped or defeated by State legislation or
State constitutions. Upon that principle the
State of South Carolina imprisoned citizens of
Massachusetts because they visited its ports for
lawful commerce, and the Constitution of the
United States, so far as that went, if those per-
sons had gone there to remain, to reside, instead
ofgoingintlie casual course of business, would
have been powerless to protect them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I disturb the Senator
if I ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not in the slightest
degree.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont if the United States
were not bound, before the fourteenth amend-
ment, to protect all the privileges and immun-
itise of citizens of the United States, whatever
they were? Under the general clause giving
Congress authority to carry out and protect
whatever powers are vested in the United
States, if there was such a thing as a citizen
of the United States, which the Senator will of
course admit, whatever his privileges and im-
munities were, was not the Government of the
United States bound to protect them every-
where?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I have been
trying to show for half an hour, in the best
way I could.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if the Senator
assents to that, I desire to ask him whether
the privileges and immunities of a citizen of
the United States were not precisely the same
before the adoption of the fourteenth amend-
ment, and if not, wherein do they differ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend sees where he
is coming out, and so I will wait a moment
before I answer the question in form. I say,
and have endeavored to maintain, that the
United States was bound, is bound, and always
must be bound, like every other sovereign
Government, to protect every right that it gives
to its citizens. There can be no doubt of it.
That is precisely the position upon which I
stand. But what I said was that a citizen only
became a citizen of the United States, under
the language of this Constitution that I have
read, through the fact that he was a citizen of
a State, to begin with, except in the case of
naturalization, and then he became, by the
act of the nation, a citizen of the State ; that
the national citizenship was the consequence
of the State citizenship, and therefore that the
privileges of a national citizen must always
be measured by, and controlled by, the rules
that applied to State citizenship ; and hence
if the State of South Carolina wished to en-
slave a portion of its citizens, if any citizen of
another State, chose to go there and be en-
slaved, if he came within the description of
the enslaved persons, he must take his chance
and the Constitution could not help him. That
is the position. As I go along I will answer
the other part of the question of my friend,
and he will presently see what the answer is.
Now, sir, to put this question at rest as to
what was the nature of national citizenship,
whether it was fundamental because the person
was an inhabitant of the nation itself, or born
in it, or naturalized to it, or whether it was the
mere consequence of the fact that he was a
citizen of a State, the thirteenth and fourteenth
amendments came in. The fourteenth amend-
ment declared that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens ot the United States and of the State wherein
they reside."
The order of the language of the old Consti-
tution is reversed absolutely. Instead of de-
claring, as it did before, that a citizen of a State
was entitled to the privileges of a citizen in
another State, it declared that every person
born within, the territory of the United States
was a citizen of the nation, and,by consequence,
a citizen of any State in which he might from
time to time reside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will
allow me again, did that do anything more
than give citizenship to a class of persons who
before that time did not have it, and did it
give anybody any privileges and immunities
beyond those possessed by a confessed citizen
of the United States before its enactment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I declare most emphat-
ically that it did; that it gave the man who
had been a citizen of Vermont or of Massa-
chusetts before, and who under the old Con-
stitution, becoming a citizen of South Caro-
lina, only had such rights as the constitution
of South Carolina chose to give to their citi-
zens, either to be a slave or a free man, or
whatever condition they might impose upon
him, a national citizenship as an original and
fundamental right that no State could regu-
late or destroy or impede, because it says so ;
and as a consequence of that, it said wherever
he went he became a citizen of the State to
which he emigrated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, will the Senator
allow me to ask him one other question right
there ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With great pleasure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask him whether,
before the thirteenth amendment, he holds
that a native-born white citizen of Vermont
could be reduced to slavery in South Caro-
lina, without doing it in defiance of the Con-
stitution of the United States?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say he could, upon the
doctrine of the decisions that had been made.
If I had been the judge I should have declared
that the preamble and terms of the Constitu-
tion secured the freedom of every man already
free, white and black, everywhere. I would
not have declared that a black man by the
Constitution of the United States could be
made a slave anywhere.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Doesthe Senator mean
to affirm that any decision was ever made that
a white man could be made a slave?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; I do not mean
to affirm that there was any such decision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then there is 110 decis-
ion to that extent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend and I are now
talking about principles. I say, under the Con-
stitution, as it was before these amendments,
the right of a white man and a black man alike
residing in the State of South Carolina, and
becoming citizens of it, depended upon the
laws of South Carolina and its constitution,
and if a majority of the people of South Car-
olina chose to reduce my friend and me to
slavery, if we were citizens of that State, the
national Government could not help it. I say
that upon the principle of the decisions that
have been made, not upon the constitution
as I would have construed it myself; and I
say that it was to correct that wrong and dis-
honest and base construction that was put upon
this instrument that this amendment was intro-
duced, not as a mere paraphrase of what had
been enacted before, but as a fundamental
security of a national right which should be
supreme everywhere, and against which nc
State constitution or State legislation or usage
could in the slightest degree prevail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, we both agree that we would not have
made such a decision under the old Constitu-
tion ; but the Senator now puts it upon judi-
cial decision, that a white native-born citizen
of the United States might have been reduced
to slavery in another State. Now, I ask him
if the judicial decisions that sanctioned the
reducing to slavery of a human being were not
all based upon color, their being persons of
African descent, and if there is any decision
anywhere intimating that a white citizen of
Vermont or Illinois, being a citizen of tho
United States, could ever have been reduced
to slavery in any of the States of the Union?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I have
already said that all the decisions upon the
subject of slavery as such, which is only one
form of depriving a man of his liberty, were
based upon color. But I assert that the Su-
pretae Court of tho United States under the
old Constitution has solemnly decided that
those great words in the fifth article of the old
amendments, that uo man shall be deprived
of life, liberty, or property without due pro-
cess of law, did not prevent a State from de-
priving a man of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law; that it was none
of our business if they did; that we had no
power to protect a man against a violation of
his liberty or his life, because the Constitution
of the United States or of his own State pro-
hibited it; he must look to his own State for
redress, and that we had no power to interfere.
Therefore I say, if the Constitution of the
United States did not protect the citizen of
Illinois against illegal imprisonment, being
white, and the courts of the United States had
no power to interfere and defend him, then the
people of Illinois, if they had chosen, could
have kept him in prison forever ; they could
have taken him to their corn-fields and com-
pelled him to labor; they could have made
him a slave.
So I am justified in saying that thejdecisions
under the old Constitution in principle and in
effect completely cover the proposition that
it was not in the power of the United States
to defend the right of a citizen of the United
States to life, liberty, or property, against the
invasion of it by any State or by any person
in a State with or without the authority of its
laws; and the reason was, as I have stated,
that the citizenship which draws to it protec-
tion, which draws to it the privileges and im-
munities which have been spoken of in tho
Constitution, and which we all agree include
the right to life, the right to liberty, the right
to property, the right to freedom from all in-
terference without due process of law, afforded
no protection, because that citizenship rested
upon State authority, and, only as a conse-
quence of that State authority and growing
out of it, had a national character. That
being known, the fourteenth amendment, not
being a mere empty dream or an empty asser-
tion of an old principle, declared that every
person born in the United States shall first
and always be a citizen of the nation, and sec-
ond, and as a consequence, be a citizen of the
State in which he resides.
Now, Mr. President, to return to the point
I was speaking upon—and in_ my discussion
with my friend I have got a little out of the
order in which I intended to have spoken of
these subjects—this Constitution has always
been a Constitution of the people, and has in
a thousand ways provided for the protection
of the people, imposing duties, guarantying
rights, regulating affairs, prohibiting action to
States, and so it has, in a great variety of
instances in the course of these powers and
prohibitions, been applied to the people directly
to effect its purposes and to defend its powers,
and wherever and whenever that occasion has
arisen it has always been done precisely upon
