1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
hour for consideration on the 29th of June,
1868, toward the end of the session, I have no
doubt in the presence of my friend, who always
attends, during the morning hour certainly;
and it was discussed and amended by inserting
in the second section words which by a cler-
ical mistake had been omitted, the very words
which we put into this bill, " while in the per-
formance of his dutyand that amendment
was agreed to by the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, it is not my purpose to
find fault with my honorable friend From Illi-
nois for changing his opinion, if he has seen
fit and good ground to do it; but I think he
ought not to have said the other day that this
amendment which we propose changed the
whole character of that section and was with-
out any precedent to support it.
I was saying when my friend interrupted me
just now that from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, over this class of subjects—because
the whole spirit of this discussion turns upon
the question whether the national authority
has a right to deal with its citizens as citizens,
and not with States, or whether it must be left
to the States alone to act upon her citizens in
enforcing the national Constitution—embra-
cingalmost onehalfof all the business relations
of men in the country, embracing a thousand
different operations and a thousand different
situations of society, the United States have
had and administered a criminal code to pro-
tect the powers and to execute the duties which
the Constitution has confided to it. And in
doing this they have not either " invaded " or
"entered" any State, but they have exercised
theconstitutionalomnipresenceof sovereignty,
and carried forward the beneficent sway of
justice among the people, for the people, and
by the people.
The Government has had a.criminal code that
acted directly upon the people, upon whom
alone it could act. That has not been an inva-
sion of the rights of the States; on the contrary,
it has been in aid of the good order and stabil-
ity ot the society of the States, and at the same
time the States by their own laws and in their
own methods and through their own courts
have punished the same classes of offenses;
and the Supreme Court of the United States
has more than once been called upon to decide
whether a State could, in view of the fact that
the United States had a code against a particu-
lar crime, also make the same act a crime;
and it has always been decided that the sover-
eignty of the two governments was in these re-
spects independent and concurrent; that they
both could act over the subjects that were com
mitted to them, and therefore that a citizen
might properly be punished for violating a
State law and a United States law in doing the
same act.
We have had that as to passing counterfeit
money. The State of Ohio had a statute against
passing counterfeit money. A man was indicted
underit, and he defended upon the ground that
that was a crime by United States law and that
thejurisdiction of the United States over it was
exclusive. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States decided that the State had a perfect
right to pass laws against counterfeiting money
as well as against the passing of counterfeit
money. Afterward a man was indicted under
the laws of the United States for passing coun-
terfeit money ; not to punish him in the lan-
guage of the Constitution for counterfeiting
coin, but out of the language of the Constitu-
tion to punish him for uttering counterfeit coin
or a counterfeit note, whatever it may have
been; and the question was again made that
the United States had no right to invade the
function of a State and punish the passing of
counterfeit coin because the Constitution did
not name that, and the State laws operated
upon it. Again the Supreme Court of the
United States decided that it was perfectly
within the constitutional power of Cougress
to do that thing.
So, sir; as to the fugitive slave law. There
the Constitution had not declared, in terms,
whose duty it should be to see to its enforce-
ment. The United States had passed a com-
plete code upon the subject. The State of
Illinois had passed a code upon the subject,
and had provided for the punishment of any
person who should harbor or secrete a fugitive
slave; and the suggestion was made that my
friend from Illinois made the other day, that
this was changing the whole character of the
Government to have the States interfere where
the United States could, or to have the United
States interfere where the States could. But
the court say:
"But admitting that the plaintiff in error may be
liable to an action under the act of Congress for the
same acts of harboring and preventing the owner
from retaking his slave, it does not follow that he
would be twice punished for the same offense. An
offense, in its legal signification, means tho trans-
gression of a law. A man may be compelled to make
reparation in damages to the injured party, and be
liable alscrto punishment for a breach of the public
peace inconsequence of the same act; and may be
said, in common parlance, to be twice punished for
the same offense. Every eitizenoftheUnitedStat.es
is also a citizen of a State or Territory. He may be
said to owe allegiance to two sovereigns, and may be
liable to punishment for an infraction of the laws
of either. The same act may be an offense or trans-
gression of the laws of both. Thus, an assault upon
the marshal"—
Here comes this dreadful trouble again about
assaulting the marshal while in the perform-
ance of his duty—
" Thus, an assault upon themarshal of the United
States, and hindering him in the execution of legal
process, is a high offense against the United States,
lor which the perpetrator is liable to punishment;
and the same act may be also a gross breach of the
peace of the State, a riot, assault, or a murder, and
subject tho same person to a punishment, under the
State laws, for a misdemeanor or felony. That
either or both may (if they see fit) punish such an
offender cannot be doubted. Yet it cannot be truly
. averred that t le offender has been twice punished
for the same'offense; but only that by one act ho
has committed two offenses, for each of which he is
justly punishable. He could not plead the punish-
ment by one in bar to a conviction by the other;
consequently, this court has decided, in the ease of
]?ox vs. Tho State of Ohio, (5 How., 432.) that a State
may punish the offense of uttering or passing false
coin, as a cheat or fraud practiced on its citizens;
and in the case of the United States va. Marigold,
(9 How., 660.) that Congress, in the proper exercise
of its authority, may punish the same act as an
offense against the United States." (Moore vs. The
People ot the State of Illinois, 1-1 Howard, 19, 20.)
Now, sir, I think I have demonstrated,
though I have taken, perhaps, too much time
to do it, that over all the rights and over all
the duties and over all the guarantees that the
Constitution of the United States enumerates,
the power of the United States, by legislation,
by punishment, by any of the methods which
legislation may resort to, to enforce constitu-
tional duties and obligations may and must act
directly upon the citizen ; and that it is entirely
immaterial whether the State may or can do
the same thing for the same act or not ; and,
therefore, that it is no objection to the consti-
tutional exercise of power by Congress that the
States themselves in the case of these disor-
ders in the South may, if they will, punish the
same things according to their own laws. This
has been carried so far in the statutes of the
United States passed by the founders of the
Government that in cases of admiralty and mari-
time jurisdiction, (which would seem by the Con-
stitution to have been exclusively confided to
the national authority and the national courts,)
the ancient statutes-conferring jurisdiction and
settingupcourtsto practice that law, expressly
provided thattheactsofCougressand the author-
ity of the courts under them should not be con-
strued to exclude the common law or prohibit
the courts of the States to grant relief in all
those cases in which the common law was
competent to afford it. So that to-day, although
the courts of the United States in one form of
procedure—procedure in rem—have exclusive
jurisdiction over maritime matters, the com-
mon-law courts of every State have ample
jurisdiction of the same matters, by suits in
personam between parties; and yet we are told
that this attempt of the United States to pun-
ish crimes of this character is a new thing;
that we are changing the character of the Gov-
ernment by endeavoring to repress tumults
and insurrections which are leveled against
citizens in order to deprive them of that equal
protection and that right to seek justice which
the Constitution, from the nature of it, guar-
antees to them, and which it in express words
gives to them.
Now, sir, let us see what rights these new
amendments have given to citizens; and I am
sorry to have troubled the Senate so long in
discussing this general principle; but inas-
much as the whole constitutionality of our
legislation has been made to turn, as I have
said, upon the denial of our right to exercise
direct powers over the citizens as such, I have
felt justified in demonstrating, as I think I
have, from history, from the Constitution,
from the statutes, and from the decisions, that
this pretense is a sheer delusion.
Now, what do these amendments provide?
The thirteenth amendment provided that
there should be neither slavery nor involun-
tary servitude except for crime. That was a
prohibition. It did not name a State at all.
Under the old decisions, to which I have
referred, protecting life, liberty, and property
against invasion without due process of law,
Democratic Senators and ' my friend from
Illinois might have contended that this was
only a prohibition against slavery under the
authority of the United States, and that any
State could now deprive a citizen of his liberty
for the reason that the thirteenth amendment
only operated as against the Government of
the United States as it was held under the old
one which I have read.
But that has not been contended, and every-
body knows that it would be scouted, for there
is added—if there could have been any doubt
about it before—the provision that " Congress
shall have power to enforce this article by
appropriate legislation.'' Therefore, when the
prohibition against slavery was enacted and
the power was expressly put into the hands of
Congress to carry out that enactment, to see
that it was made effectual, was it not the right
and the duty of Congress, too, to the last point
of its power, to protect the liberty of all people
wherever it might be assailed by that form of
crime? Nobody questions it. Even my hon-
orable friend from Ohio who' sits farthest from
ine [Mr. Thueman] I think will admit, I be-
lieve he did the other day—I do not know
that the conversation was public, although it
was a business conversation—that under the
thirteenth amendment there is no question but
that Congress may take all necessary means to
prevent the reestablishment of slavery.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my frieud allow me
to state exactly what my view is? I have
already stated it, although not in this debate.
In my judgment, that provision that Congress
shall have power by appropriate legislation to
give effect to this article which is found in each
of the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth arti-
clesof amendment confeis no powerupon Con-
gress that would not exist in Congress if those
words were stricken out of the Constitution.
They are not a particle broader than the clause
in the original Constitution that Congress shall
have power to pass all laws necessary and
proper, &c.; and this very word "appropriate "
is derived from the opinion of Judge Marshall
in McCulloch vs. Maryland, in which he says
that Congress, under that authority to pass all
proper and necessary laws, could use any ap-
propriate means ; and it is also said in the same
case that Congress would have all the powers
that it now has if that clause itself were left
wholly out of the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; suppose that
is so, inasmuch as the clause is in, have we not
all the power that it gives ? That is the point.
If we had the power, supposing the clause were
out, I hope my honorable friend does not con-
tend that we have it not because the clause is
in. Does he ?
Mr, THUIiMAN. No, I do not.
