696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good ; then my pur-
pose is answered ; and let me tell my friend
that there is a wide distinction, if he will study
the Constitution a little more closely, between
this phraseology of the second section of the
thirteenth article and the old phraseology.
This says that " Congress shall have power to
enforce this article by appropriate legislation."
That said that Congress should have power by
all necessary legislation to carry into effect the
powers therein granted. The prohibitions upon
the States were not granted powers; they were
denied powers; not denied powers of the
national Government, but denied powers of
the States; and therefore the strict language
of the old grant of power to legislate did not
cover those cases at all.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will pardon
me for saying that I think I could convince
him that there is no difference; but it would
require an argument, and I do not want to
interrupt his speech.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend knows that
when he goes to an argument or threatens ene
I am always convinced at once. [Laughter.]
But the chief point now is, as my friend agrees,
that here is, whether necessary or unnecessary,
an express grant of power to us, the national
Legislature, to defend the rights of citizens
of the United States and all inhabitants of
the country, whether citizens or not, against
slavery. Now, how are you going to do it? Are
you going to do it by passing a proclamation
to the State of Georgia when she may choose
to reenslave her negroes? Or, are you going
to do it by making war upon her ? Or, are you
going to do it, as we by this bill do it under
the fourteenth amendment, by declaring that
any man who infracts that article shall be
punished?
I take it, there is only one answer to that
question. If any State should undertake to
set up slavery, or any man in a State should
undertake to set it up, (because the old theory
was that the States did not set it up at all,
that it was a kind of hereditary personal right
that came down from the patriarchs in some
undefined way,) my friend from Ohio would be
amongthe mostearnestopponents of any legis-
lation which should address itself to the State
of Georgia. He would say, "The State of
Georgia is not ill fault; she cannot as a State
be in fault at all, because her officers, her
Legislature, her Governor, her judiciary, all
together as such, have no power or authority
to do anything of the kind, and their acts,
therefore, are utterly void, and the people in
their collective capacity are not responsible
for tnem at all; and you have no right to make
war upon the people because their officers,
their mere agents whom they have selected,
have exceeded their jurisdiction and author-
ity. Go," he would say, " to the guilty ones.
Address yourselvesto thecrimioal whohasvio-
lated this article of the Constitution and the
statutes of the United States by doing that
which the Constitution forbids."
Thus you will have enforced the thirteenth
article of amendments and secured liberty and
punished slavery. It would be an extreme
case which could justify any other answer;
and inasmuch as slavery is so odious to man-
kind now, gentlemen of all political shades
would acquiesce, and there would not be a
debate or a party division upon the passage of
a bill which should provide for the punishment
of the act of reducing any man'to slavery,
under the thirteenth amendment. Nobody, I
venture to say, would have been heard to open
his lips to condemn such legislation, however
much some portion of the people might desire
to see slavery restored, or to question the pro-
priety or the constitutionality of enacting it.
But when you take the next step and come
to the next article of the Constitution, which
secures the rights of white men as much as of
colored men, you touch a tender spot in the
party of our friends on the other side. If you
wish t") employ the powers of the Constitution
to preserve the lives and liberties of white
people against attacks by white people, against
rapine and murder and assassination and con-
spiracy, contrived in order to drive them from
the States in which they have been born or
have chosen to settle, contrived in order to
deprive them of the liberty of having a political
opinion, contrived for the purpose of driving
them from a city or town where they have
endeavored to carry on a peaceable and lawful
business or to cultivate the soil, then the whole
strength of the Democratic party and all its
allies is arrayed against the constitutionality
and propriety of such an act.
Sir, what did the fourteenth amendment say,
taking it a little in detail ? The first section
of it is all that I need to read. It has four dis-
tinct and separate clauses. The first is the
one upon which I have commented, and I will
now only state it:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States, and ofthcState wherein
they reside."
I have said prematurely, in answer to my
friend from Illinois, and out of the order of
the proper discussion of this subject, all that
I will take the time to say about it. The next
is the provision that:
413Sfo State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
There is a direct prohibition to the State; it
is a direct prohibition against the making of
a law; it is a direct prohibition against the
enforcing of a law; and that perhaps brings me
to the question here as well as anywhere else,
what is a State ?
My honorable friend, from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] said yesterday, my friend from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] said the other day, and.
everybody says on that side, that a State is the
legislative department, and that all the pro-
hibitions and commands of this section are
addressed to the law-making power of a State,
and that any omission of the Governor to give
rights under his department, any omission of
the judiciary to grant rights under their de-
partment, any violation by either of these
departments of a State government of any
right secured by this section, i3 not a violation
by the State, for that must be by the law-making
power. Now, apply it to this :
"Ko State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States."
Not "abridge the privileges and immunities
of citizens of one State going to another,"
as the old language was, but "which shall
abridge the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the United States," whether they are"
citizens of one State or another—absolute
and complete. But what is the State ? Is it
the Legislature ? It is as to making law, with
the aid of a Governor. As to enforcing a law,
is the Legislature the State? How do Legis-
latures enforce laws ? I had been taught" in
my little reading and experience in the pro-
fession of the law that the enforcement of the
law belonged to the judiciary and the execu-
tive combined. I had never heard before that
it was a part of the legislative functions of a
government to enforce laws; and yet, if my
friend is right, although the very word " en-
force" is used in this prohibition, it is after
all only a command to the members of the
Legislature that they shall not enforce any
such law; and therefore the executive arid
the judicial departments of the State are not
prohibited from enforcing any law they please
which violates the privileges and immunities
of citizens of the United States.
_ Why, Mr. President, this is absurd; it flies
in the face of the very language, it flies in the
lace of everything we know of the nature and
constitution of a government, be it State or
national.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him at this point?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Withthegreatestpleasure,
Mr. THUIIMAN. I do so because the Sen-
ator has attributed to roe quite a mistake.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought it was quite a
mistake.
Mr. THURMAN. Either the Senator did
not understand me, or I do not understand
him. The language is, "no State shall make
or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges and immunities of citizens." He
will admit at once that it is only the legislative
power in a State which can make a law. He
will also admit at once that the courts and the
executive power of the State do not enforce
laws that are not made by the State, or not
recognized as law by the State, being the
common law of the State. Therefore, when it
is said there that " no State shall make or
enforce any law," it can only apply to laws
which are made by the Legislature of the State,
or to the common law of the State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not see that that
changes it. That is exactly what I said. Of
course, if the Legislature do not make a law
which abridges the privileges or immunities
of citizens, then there is no such law that the
other departments of the State government
can enforce. But suppose the Legislature
does make a law which abridges the privileges
of a citizen, and suppose that the judicial and
executive departments of the State govern-
ment undertake to put it ia force; what then?
According to his argument you can only pun-
ish the Legislature; you can make war upon
them or you can indict them, or do whatever
our friends on the other side think would be
adequate to the end; and I should like any one
of them to be kind enough to point out what
he would do in sueh a ease. What, then, was
the use of putting in this prohibition against
enforcement? None at all in that case. I
repeat, with all respect to my friend, that an
argument of that kind borders, if he will par-
don me for saying so, upon absurdity.
The enforcement of laws, as I have said,
does not belong to the legislative department
at all; it belongs to the other departments ;
and as to the enforcement of law, the other
departments are the government; they are
the whole government. Why, sir, what a
position we should be in if this honorable
Senator's position were sound ! Look at our
case with England during the rebellion. There
were the acts of Parliament which denounced
punishment against the fitting out ofexpeditions
against friendfy Powers; there was the execu-
tive department, the Crown, armed with all its
constables and sheriffs and its military power;
there was the judiciary in the full exercise of
its functions. Through the fault of the Execu-
tive and through the fault of the judiciary
expeditions were fitted out; they did make
war upon our commerce ; they did violate our
rights. J'Now," saysmyfriend, "theCrown and
the judiciary of England are not the Govern-
ment ; they are to blame, but they are not the
State; the duty of executing the statutes of'
England does not belong to them, or if it did,
they are not responsible for not doing it; the
power of England is in the Parliament; and
inasmuch as Parliament haddoneall that was
necessary for it to do before, as the statutes
were there, England is not responsible at all."
1 hat doctrine cannot be maintained. A State
is a corporation : it exists only, in contempla-
tion of law, as an organized thing; and it is
manifested, represented entirely, and fully in
respect to every one of its functions, by that
department of its government on which the
execution of those fanetions is respectively
devolved. Therefore, if it is the duty of'the
executive and judicial departments of a State
to enforce a law aud they do not enforce it,
the State does not enforce it. If it is their
duty not to enforce a law aud they do enforce
it, it is the Stato that enforces it.
The next provision is the one that "no State
shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or
Pr°PCrty without due process of law." Under
the old Constitution a similar provision existed,
