1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
not using the word "State," and, as I have
already stated, the courts decided that that
prohibition did not apply to the States at all,
and that therefore it only applied to the Uni-
ted States. Hence this clausc in the amend-
ment, which also Congress is to enforce by
appropriate legislation, "no State shall de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law." So that, taking
the two clauses together, the old one and the
new one, you have in the Constitution of the
United States a sweeping declaration that
neither the United States nor any one under
them, nor any State nor any one under it,
shall deprive any person of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law. Is not
that, then, as complete as any language can
make it? Does it not cover all the power of
the nation in every department of the Govern-
ment, both national and State? Nobody can
dispute it; it says so in terms. Taking the
two together, the States are prohibited, the
nation is prohibited, everybody is prohibited
from denying the rights of citizens to life, lib-
erty, and property, without the regular and
due process of law—constitutional law.
Nowwecometo the nextclause, "Nordeny
to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws." And here, again,
after this clause, follows the potent, although
my friend from Ohio and my friend from Illi-
nois think the unnecessary, declaration that
'1 Congress may enforce this provision by appro-
priate legislation." Now, what is a State to
do? It is not to deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of its laws;
not the equal making of its laws, which had
been provided for before, not the right to life,
liberty, and property, which had been provided
for before; but it is not to deny the protection
of its laws.
What is protection of law? Do I need to
weary the patience of the Senate with under-
taking to define what is the protection of the
law? I take it any, the humblest, citizen in
the land knowswhat the protection of the law
is. The meanest criminal in the land knows
what it is to violate the protection of the law.
I shall assume, therefore, that if there has been
any, or if there may be any of the offenses
named in this act committed in any State, those
offenses will deprive citizens of the United
States and every one else upon whom they are
committed of the protection of the law, unless
the criminal who shall commit those offenses
is punished and the person who suffers receives
that redress which the principles and spirit of
the laws entitle him to have.
"No State is to deny," say the gentlemen.
That means, they say, the State in its collect-
ive capacity. What part of the State? My
friend from Ohio says the Legislature. Then
the Legislature, reading it in that way, shall
not deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws. It had said
that before. The very second provision in
this section declares that no State shall make
or enforce any law which shall interfere with
the privilege and immunity of a citizen of
the United States; and everybody agrees that
that privilege and that immunity is the very
same thing that is mentioned in other language
in the next clause—the privilege of life, the
privilege of liberty, the privilege of the ac-
quirement of property. So that, on the theory
of my friend from Ohio, a great constitutional
amendment, carefully prepared, discussed in
both branches of Congress, passed by two
thirds of each House, ratified by three fourths
of the States, committed the awkward blunder
of stating over again, in obscure language,
what it had stated in its second provision only
four lines above in clear language : that it had
said that no State (which can only act through
its Legislature) shall make any law which shall
do this thing, and when it had, then, coming
to the last clause, had restated the same thing
in vaguer language, that they should not deny
to any person the equal protection of the law.
That cannot be maintained. A Legislature
acting directly does not afford to any person
the protection of the law; it makes the law
under which and through which, being exe-
cuted by the functionaries appointed by the
State for that purpose, citizens receive the
protection of the law.
But they say this is merely a prohibitory sec-
tion, a mere denial of the right of a State to
interfere with life, liberty, and property, and
to prevent due redress. What is a denial, Mr.
President ? Is it merely a refusal in the sense
of a man's appealing to the Legislature for a
law and being told that he cannot have it; or
what is it? It is a security to the citizen that
he shall have the protection of law. Although
the word is negative in form, it is affirmative
in its nature and character. It grants an abso-
lute right, and let me tell my honorable friends
who deny it that it is not a chance word ; it
has been heard of in the law before; it has a
history connected with human liberty ever since
in Anglo-Saxon races human liberty and hu-
man rights have existed. The very word has
come down from the earliest constitutions,
from the -very earliest written constitution of
civilized liberty, to us as a word of art which
carries in it an obligation of a supreme and
universal affirmation—a character which makes
it the duty of every court and every govern-
ment over every people which are entitled to
its protection to see that they have it.
New let us see. Here is the ancient charter
of liberty which the bold barons, as you know,
ourBnglish ancestors, wrestedfrom King John;
the rich and perpetual product, like our own
amendments, of a great struggle for liberty ;
and in it are contained, in order to grant to
the citizen this very protection, and in order
to secure to him the duty of all the courts of
all England to give it, as they have done, these
very words: " Nulli vendemus, nutti nega-
bimus, aut differemus rectum vel jusiitiam."
"We will sell to no man, we will not deny
or defer to any man either right or justice."
Under that, not by force of parliamentary
legislation, but as giving ever-affirma'.iverights,
performing an affirmative duty, the first slave
that set his foot on English soil was set free,
because the courts could not deny to him that
justice which that charter said should not be
denied. And under it, as I have said, in every
civilized State, comprising all the States of our
nation, and comprising that great common-
wealth, or kingdom as I ought strictly to say,
from which we derived our law and our his-
tory for eight hundred years, until now it is
questioned for the first time, it has been the
recognized and bounden duty of all courts, and
of all executive officers intrusted with the ad-
ministration of justice and the law, to give that
which the citizen was entitled to, to execute
justice and afford protection against all forms
of wrong and oppression. Why, sir, it has
blazed on the forehead of constitutional liberty
from that day to this. And yet, now being
adopted as the greatest security settled through
the course of ^enturies as a protecting, as an
affirmative right in the citizen—those interests
of liberty and property and life to which he is
entitled—now for the first time it is attempted
to be frittered away by the statement that it is
a mere negative declaration, a kind of admon-
itory prohibition to a State, and that Congress
is to invade the rights of the States and the
liberties of the people when, these rights being
denied, when criminals go unpunished by the
score, by the hundred, and by the thousand,
when justice sits silent in her temple in the
States, or is driven from it altogether, it in-
terposes in their behalf; when the Government
of thewhole people, through their laws and tri-
bunals, takes in its hand this ancient monument
and guarantee of justice now found in its Con-
stitution and applies it as it always has been
applied. Why, sir, if I were in any other place
I should say—
" 0 Shame, where is thy blush 1"
I am astounded, sir, that what might be
called party zeal, an effect of a kind of tacit
alliance with these misguided southern men,
(not, I hope, in their crimes, but for the bale-
ful objects of their joint political future,)
should have blinded our Democratic friends
to the history of enactments of this character,
and should have led them further than on.
sober reflection they will willingly go, and fur-
ther than the people on reflection will be
willing to let them go.
Therefore, I take it, Mr. President, that I
need not occupy much time in saying that
whatever this provision of the fourteenth arti-
cle guaranties to a citizen, that the citizen is
entitled to have; and if he is entitled to have
it, how is he to have it? The section answers,
he is to have it, in the language of the Con-
stitution, which is the voice of the people,
through the legislation of this body. The
people have declared that he shall have this
protection. The people have declared that the
State authorities shall not deny it to him. The
people have declared that it is the solemn duty
of Congress to see that he has it because they
have decreed that "Congress shall have power
to enforce the provisions" of this section of
this clause 11 of this article by appropriate legis-
lation." Therefore the Constitution contem-
plated that whenever an occasion should arise
where it was necessary to protect these rights
Congress should protect them.
It is impossible to resist the conclusion.
Suppose this did change the Government, as
my friend from Illinois appears to fear, do you
not rather think, Mr. President, that it is a
good change? If the Constitution did not
before, holding a sovereignty over its citizens,
have the faculty of, through its legislative
branch, protecting those citizens in the rights
that the Constitution gave them, the rights
which a common human nature gives them,
against any assault by any State or under any
State or through the neglect of any State, then
it was high time, for the honor of the American
name and for the rights of humanity, that the
institutions of this country should change.
If, as under the thirteenth article, slavery was
a constitutional institution, as it was claimed
before, I am sure the people will not be alarmed
that a great change has come over the spirit
of this Government; and instead of its being
a Government of slavery, tolerated or upheld
or winked at, it has become a Government of
freedom; that instead of its being a Govern-
ment which should suffer the local authorities
of a State to deny the common rights of citi-
zens to any of its people, it has become a
Government in which the national power has
guarantied it to them, and which it is the duty
of the national power, in every honorable and
in the most exhaustive sense, to see is fully
and fairly enforced and made a practical
reality.
If this is the Constitution (and how it can
be otherwise in the face of its history and what
it says is more than a puzzle to me, an amaze-
ment to me; if this is the Constitution) which
gives to our people a right to the protection
of law, and it is a Constitution which make3
it our duty to see that they have the protec-
tion of law, what sin are we committing in
endeavoring to legislate so that they shall have
it? None, sir.
And now what do we propose to do? Some
people have imagined, have stated, orhinted, or
insinuated in their observations that we were
making war upon the States in this bill; that we
were overturning the judiciary ; that we were
resorting to new methods. That is a mistake,
a misrepresentation. The bill, like all bills of
this character, in its first and second sections,
is a declaration of rights and a provision for
the punishment of conspiracies against con
stitutional rights, and a redress for wrongs.
It does not undertake to overthrow any court.
It does not undertake to make any war. It
does not undertake to interpose itselfout of the
regular order of the administration of law. It
does not attempt to deprive any State of th«
