698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
honor wbichisdue to the punishment of crime.
It is a law acting upon the citizen like every
other law, and it is a law to be enforced by
the courts through the regular and ordinary
processes of judicial administration, and in
no other way, until forcible resistance shall
be offered to the quiet and ordinary course
of justice.
When you come to the later sections, which
are in aid of the first, you have the simple
and ordinary provision in the third that, when
the laws are opposed, when the courts are
in danger of being unable to carry out their
decrees, to arrest and punish offenders, the
executive arm is to go to their assistance, is
to oppose force to force, as is done in every
eity and county in the country every day,
when the occasion for it occurs, under State
laws and under national laws, as the Senator
from California himself says he demanded to
have done in his own State on one occasion
by the troops of the United States. When
force is to be opposed to the quiet progress of
the law the arm of the nation is to resist force
with force, is to gather up the offender and
turn him over to the court of justice for trial.
That iS all there is to it. We are not attempt-
ing to overturn the judiciary; we are attempt-
ing to uphold it. We are not attempting to
overthrow the Constitution; we are attempting
to uphold it. We are not attempting to inter-
fere with the liberty of the people, unless the
liberty to commit crime is the liberty of the
people; we are attempting to protect and
uphold it.
The fourth section troubles some of my hon-
orable friends very much indeed. It is said,
in the first place, that it is unconstitutional,
because it authorizes the President in certain
cases named to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus. I feel very clear that it is constitu-
tional in that respect. The Supreme Court
of the United States have decided, contrary
to what my friend from Ohio [Mr. Tiiuhman]
had supposed, that the Congress of the United
States may delegate to the President the power
to determine when an exigency occurs which
shall call for the execution of some statute.
They do delegate powers constantly; not legis-
lative powers, but powers to act in a contin-
gency which the Legislature prescribes or pro-
vides for or defines in advance. That was the
case under the embargo laws. The President
haa no power to lay embargoes or to relieve
embargoes; he has no power to make war;
and yet, under the embargo laws, with uni-
versal acceptance in the case that was referred
to and shown to gentlemeu the other day, the
Supreme Court of the United States unani-
mously decided that it was competent forCon-
gress to vest in the President the discretion to
determine in what contingency he should, in
effect, repeal the embargoes and in what con-
tingency he could revive them again. So in
12 Wheaton is a case (Martin vs. Malt) which,
perhaps, I ought to refer to for a moment.
On the subject of exercising the military power
in calling forth the militia, which is, in the
language of the Constitution, confided to Con-
gress in the provision authorizing it to pro-
vide for suppressing insurrections and repel-
ling invasions, on the very point upon which we
are now speaking, the Supreme Court of the
United States unanimously decided that this
power could be rightfully vested in the Execu-
tive. It
Is the President the sole and exclusive judge
whether the exigency has arisen, or is it to be con-
sidered as an open question, upon which every offi-
cer to whpm the orders of the President are addressed
may decide for himself, and equally open to be con-
tested by every militiaman who shall refuse to obey
tho orders of the President? We are ail of opin-
lontnattheauthority todecidewhether the exigency
nas arisen belongs exclusively to the President, and
that his decision inconclusive upon all other persons.
VV e think that this construction necessarily results
Irom the nature of the power itsell."
And again, which is perhaps a better author-
ity with my learned friends on the other side;
here is the opinion of a Democratic Attorney
General, given to a Democratic President, on
the subject of lending military assistance to
the Governor of California on a certain occa-
sion. Mr. Cushing, the Attorney General,
informed the President that—-
"It is the function of the President of the United
States, indubitably, to decide, in his discretion,
what facts existing constitute the ease of insurrec-
tion contemplated by the statutes and by the Con-
stitution."
And he cites, to support that, the decision I
have just read, and the case of Luther vs.
Borden, the Rhode Island rebellion case,
which also affirms it. So that we have not
only the practice of the Government since its
foundation, not only the action of its Execu-
tive Departments, but two solemn decisions of
that tribunal of final resort which is to determ-
ine such questions, that the power to determ-
ine what tacts constitute an insurrection when
powers are vested in the President, what
facts constitute a rebellion, what exigency
shall justify him in suspending the laws as to
embargoes, in the nature of things belongs
to or certainly may by law be vested in that
department which gentlemen now seem to have
forgotten, but which the Constitution has
created for the protection and exercise of the
power of the people—the President of the
United States.
Therefore, there is no good ground to main-
tain that this provision of this bill which au-
thorizes the President of the United States to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus in the case
of a rebellion is open to any question as to
its constitutionality; and let me suggest to my
honorable friend from Ohio that the case of
Bollman and Swartwout, which he referred to
yesterday, does not decide or intimate that the
President may not be clothed with that power.
It only declares that it belongs to Congress to
withdraw from the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, if it chooses, the jurisdiction to hear
a writ of habeas corpus, as in some cases has
been done since that time. And Judge Story,
whose commentaries the Senator read yester-
day, instead of stating that Congress has not
the power to delegate that authority to the
President, speaks of Congress "authorizing"
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus,
using that term.
Then Judge Story suggests in a query, it is
true, afterward, that it seems, as that may be
a legislative power, Congress alone would be
authorized to exercise it; that is, as I under-
stand him, to exercise the power of providing
for the contingency in which and upon which
the President should exercise the function of
suspending the writ; because it had been con-
tended in Judge Story's time, and it is yet by
eminent lawyers, that this is a presidential
power altogether, and that without any act
of Congress the President under the Consti-
tution is authorized, of his own mere will, sub-
ject to his high responsibility to the people,
to suspend the writ himself at any time when
he thinks the public safety and a case of inva-
sion or revolution require it. I do not myself
agree to this last view. Under the English
constitution, from which we derived this pro-
cess, in aidof liberty, the suspension of the writ
was, when the occasion demanded it, always
authorized by Parliament, and exercised by the
Crown under that authority. And in the same
manner, I have no doubt, it was designed to
be exercised under our Constitution.
So that, when you come to put it in the form
of law, there is no ground whatever upon which
it can be questioned. The principles of the Gov-
ernment are against the honorable Senators'
position; the decisions of the courts are against
it; the nature of the power is against it; the
philosophy of Government is against it; for
the reason that it is much safer to invest the
exercise of this power in the President of the
United States in times of great public excite-
ment, when the two Houses of Congress are
divided into heated parties, and when, there-
fore, an inflamed majority might attempt to
suspend it when the President would not do
it at all, than it is to leave it to the partisan
passion of factions in Congress.
Mr. BAYARD. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Vermont whether he conceives
that in the case of the exercise of discretion
a party holding a delegated power has a right
to commit it over to a third party? He has
stated the case of contingency. Let me put
him another. Does he conceive that it would
be competent for the Congress of the United
States to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to increase the duties on imports fifty per
cent, at such time as he should consider
the condition of the public Treasury would
admit it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know what
answer I should give to that question just now.
I will take it into consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. The answer of the honor-
able Senator is about equal to the usual cour-
tesy he has shown in debate. When I was dis-
cussing this bill the day before yesterday he
did not hesitate to interrupt me by questions,
all of which I endeavored to answer as best I
could. He interjected into my speech at that
time a very long remark of his own without any
reference to the fact of whether it was desirable
to me to have it there or not. Now I ask him
aquestion simply proposing to test the accuracy
of the principle he is presenting to the Senate
and to the country, whether where Congress
has discretion it can delegate it to the President
or to any other officer of the Government?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend's pardon,
if he thought my reply was discourteous. As
an humble member of the bar, and not having
thoughtof that precise question, I was really in
a painful state of ignorance as to exactly what
the law was on that point, and candor com-
pelled me to say that I must take it into con-
sideration. I hope my friend did not suppose
I objected to his asking the question, or to
making any observation upon it he liked. But
he certainly is asking a little too much of my
courtesy to insist on my answering a question
that I do not know how to answer. He really
ought not to do that.
Mr. BAYARD. We are all cognizant of
the honorable Senator's capacity both to ask
and answer questions. He is here discussing
a question of this gravity, nothing less than
whether the Congress of the United States has
the power to delegate its high judgment and
discretion, reposed in it for the benefit of the
people of this country, to be exercised by a
third party, whether an officer of this Gov-
ernment or not. It seems to me that there is
a great principle attending that. The exer-
cise of the discretion of suspending the writ
of habeas corpus, of ascertaining whether the
public safety requires it, is something in my
opinion that cannot be delegated by the Con-
gress of the United States to any one. They
only can suspend that writ, the great safeguard
of the people's liberty, when the public safety
shall require it, aod then, superadded to that,
the two occasions of rebellion and invasion.
Now I ask, this being a matter of discretion,
when the public safety may require the raising
of revenues to a greater grade than they were
before, whether the Senator would consider
it competent for Congress to delegate its dis-
cretion to the Secretary of the Treasury to in-
crease the duties upon imports should the pub-
lic safety require it, and I will superadd, the
existence of rebellion and invasion at that
time?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Without going to the
Secretary of the Treasury to find out what the
law is, it is sufficient to say, what I have already
said, I think, and that is that the authority
which the Legislature may vest in the Presi-
dent of the United States to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus is not the delegation of a
legislative discretion at all, any more than it
is the delegation of a legislative discretion to
authorize him to expel intruders from the pub-
lic lauds by force, as has been done, whenever
he shall think the interest of the United Statei
