700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
thize with our wrongs aud sufferings. To be
sure they do not wish us to commit these
crimes, but they feel that we are wronged.
Negro suffrage has been imposed upon us.
We have been taxed to build school-houses.
We have seen the freedom of worship. We
have been compelled to build roads. We have
seen this despised and degraded race occupy-
ing situations of honor and responsibility. Our
friends sympathize with us. They wish we
could right these wrongs and grievances by the
force of law; they wish that we could wait
until we could get into a majority and turn
these fellows out by fair voting. But they do
not know at Washington and away up North
that we are in a minority on fair counting.
They do not know that we think the true way
to get rid of this question forever is not to wait
until the Constitution of the United States is
changed under the auspices of the party of our
friends there when they get the chance, or
repudiated, as their greatest leader says it
ought to be; but our best hope now is to do
what we are doing; and while they do not
sympathize with the method they sympathize
with the inducement and they sympathize with
the end." That is the position in which my
friend will be regarded, I have no doubt, in
the States where these organizations have
sway.
Mr. CASSERLY. If my friend will allow
me, I endeavored throughout to distinguish
between the mass of the people and the crim-
inals and guilty men who, as I understand it,
now compose these klans. I do not think that
one of those men, or two or three or more of
them meeting in the woods at midnight or at
any other time, if they should ever read my
speech, will understand it at all as the Senator
from Vermont understands it, unless indeed
he should take the trouble to send them his
speech as a key to mine. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. As 1 am not in corre-
spondence with any of them or any of their
friends, I would have to borrow my friend's
frank to send them down with. ["Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to ask the Senator
a question, with his permission.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator from
Vermont really think, when a Senator rises in
his place and states what he believes to be
among the causes of these disorders in the
South, that that is an apology for them ; that
that is any proof of sympathy with them ?
When a Senator gives an account of the con-
dition of-the country there, and of what would
be likely to excite men's opposition, and there-
by enables us to judge what is the cause, is
that sympathy with them ? Is that an apology
for them ? If so, I hope the Senator will read
the speech delivered by my friend, the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] and he
will there find a more thorough investigation
of the causes of these difficulties than has been
made by any Democratic Senator on this floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose my friend
merely wished to make a speech under the
cover of asking me a question, and I have no
objection to that; but if he meant it for a
question^ I will answer it. I repeat that I
really think, and I repeat that nine tenths of
the people who hear me really think that the
scope of the speech of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, take it from beginning to end, weigh
it in gross, weigh it in detail, with the trim-
mings off, as they say in New England, is a
speech which shows sympathy, as I stated
before, with the causes upon which these men
pretend to act as causes of grievance which
lie feels as they do, and that it shows a sym-
pathy with the purpose that they have in view
of getting rid of negro equality, getting rid of
the northern immigration of men who do not
bow their knees to them, and think as they
think, talk as they talk, and vote as they vote.
I am quite willing to take the responsibility
ot stating that, not as an apology, I beg my
honorable friend to understand, but as a justi-
fication of my opinion. My friend from Ohio
has the same right to his opinion that I have
to mine. He may think that the tendency of
the speech of my friend from California—and I
only take that as a type and one of the best of
the kind—he may think that the speech of my
friend from California and the speeches of his
associates are not in sympathy with the causes
upon which these organizations pretend to act,
or with the designs which they have in view. He
may imagine that they have all been devoting
themselvesto a condemnation, to a discourage-
ment of these things, to an effort to restore law
and order in those States, to an effort to have
justice administered and to have peace pre-
vail, to an effort to protect citizens of Ver-
mont, or Ohio, or California, who may have
a political faith which they were born to and
which they believe in, and who may emigrate
to some one of those southern States and buy
land and settle down upon it in the right which
the Constitution says they have, but which, as
a fact, they have not at this time; but they
shall have it if the power of the Government
is strong enough to give it to them, and I think
it is, if i can have ray way, that they may have
the right to settle there and live in peace; that
is all.
Now, sir, this is one way or the other. Either
our friends over the way wish to repress this
condition of things, if they have the power,
or they do not; and it seems to be a matter
of dispute between my friend from Ohio and
myself as to exactly what the meaning of
their speeches is. I am sorry that they have
not been a little more frank. If there is any
legislation to which Congress can resort con-
stitutionally to repress these evils, if they do
exist, why do not the honorable Senators pro-
pose it? The trouble is that the legislation
that they would propose would be what their
leaders have proposed before, togobackward,
to repeal reconstruction as they call it, to re-
peal these amendments, to reduce the xseople
of the southern States to the same condition
that they were before the war. That is their
way of redress. But if you ask them to aid
us, if we have the constitutional power, to
protect the people of these States in imposing
taxes for the increase of education and the
diffusion of knowledge, and in the peaceable en-
joymeut of their homes, when the people who
own the soil and the property in order to prevent
that taxation and to drive out the people who
wish to have the money expended for those
purposes, conspire and combine to burn down
their school-houses and their homes, to scourge
and whip them, to rob, murder, and pillage
them, and punish them and drive them away,
our friends on the other side find no power
under the Constitution, or any occasion, in
fact, to take any step of that sort.
The only function which is left to them, if j
they are to be responsible for action, is either
no action at all, leaving the thing as it stands
now, either from inability or want of power to
cope with it, and thus disgracing ourselves in
the face of the world and in the face of the
Ruler of the world, or we must take the step
proposed by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Blair,] one of the justly prized
leaders of the party, high in the line of promo-
tion, and entitled to its first honors; and that
is, to drive out the "carpet-baggers," to drive
out the "scalawags," to restore the true
order of things, take away the ballot from the
negro 
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senator where any
such expression has ever occurred in anything
that I have said? The Senator cannot'point
to a line or a word of the kind that he is now
attributing to me, and I think the Senator
should be cautious in attributing language to
others. He has no warrant for imputing any
such language to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I have attributed any-
thing to the Senator that he has not said I
am very glad to be corrected. He wants the
language. I have it not before me. I did rot
profess, and I do not profess in anything more
that I shall say, which shall not be much, I
assure the Senate, to quote any language of
his verbatim et literatim. I only repeat that,
if I read the honorable Senator's celebrated
letter aright, in substance and in effect it was
precisely as I have said. If I read the honor-
able Senator's speech the other day aright, and
I think I did, it was in substance and effect
what I have stated now, an attack upon what
he was pleased to style the " carpet-baggers"
as being responsible for this order of things,
Mr. JBLAIR. I will say that the Senator,
in giving the substance and effect of my letter
and speeches, is about as unfortunate as he is
in attributing to this side of the Chamber any
desire to defend the outrages of the Ku Klux,
or any other outrages.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; I thought I
had guarded myself against misunderstanding
about thajjjbefore. I have stated to the Sen-
ator fron^ualifornia and to the Senator from
Ohio that of course every one of my honor-
able friends is equally opposed to outrages of
every kind and to every measure to repress
them; and that, I suppose, is why they are
opposed to the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus, which might result in depriving one of
a class of people who might possibly be caught,
masked'and disguised, in burning a house down
from being looked up and not let out by a
friendly judge on the spot. They are opposed
to outrage; but I repeat that they and their
friends throughout the country (but they are
not a very large number) are in sympathy, and
it is useless to deny it, and nobody does deny
it, with what these bands consider to be their
cause of grievance. They are in sympathy
with the hatred and opposition to the negroes
voting. Am I misrepresenting the honorable
Senator now, or any of his colleagues ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator refer
to me?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was referring to the
whole body.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator is firing
at the flock, that is a very safe way of firing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I seem to have hit one
bird, at any rate. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator in a closing
speech, to which nobody has an opportunity
to reply, makes an assault on his fellow-Sen-
ators on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I give my friends the
opportunity of interruption and explaining
as often as they like.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then, if the Senator
will permit me, I challenge him to put his
finger on anything that I said in my speech
of that lint.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it is to receive a chal-
lenge for anything outside of the Chamber, I
am decidedly opposed to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust 1 understand my
own duty too well and the Senator's prowess
too well to venture on any experiment so haz-
ardous as that would be. Now, I call on the
Senator to put his linger on any word of mine
which authorizes in the slightest degree his
accusation that I am in sympathy with the Ku
Klux in their hatred of negro suffrage. What
did I say on that subject that would warrant
such an accusation on the part of the Senator?
No one heard me utter such a word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot even now, when
my friend has had an opportunity to explain,
exactly find out which side of that question he
was on.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is no explanation. I
demand to know what word I said that justi-
fies the accusation of the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Inasmuch as my good
friend's speech is notbefore me, and inasmuch
as I took no notes of it, and inasmuch as it
contained a good many words. I must decline
to lay my finger on the word. I repeat the
statement, however, and I hope my friend will
not think I mean to do him injustice. He is
an adroit rhetorician. He, knows as well how
