702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
in the South, the white men, the great body of
intelligence among the white men in the South,
are determined to resist this great change in
the form of the government and in their social
condition. They therefore sympathize, as Sen-
ators on this floor do, not with the methods of
these orders and organizations, but with the
grievance which they pretend they have, to
wit, negro suffrage and northern immigration
and freedom of opinion, and with the design
which is to drive it out and expel it.
The disorders in the South are not like the
disorders in many other States, where there
always are disorders, the results of private
malice. The slaying of men there, as a rule,
is not because the murderer and the assassin
have any hostility or quarrel with the person
who is the victim; but it is one step in the
progress of a systematic plan and an ulterior
purpose, and that is not to leave in any of
those States a brave white man who dares to
be a Republican or a colored man who dares
to be a voter. The one is to be expelled or
slain and the other is to be reduced to what
they consider to be his normal condition. And
while it is possible that there are many people
in those States, as I have no doubt there are,
who are pained at the severity and cruelty of
these political methods, they, notwithstanding,
do encourage and tacitly consent to them by
their inaction. The white people of the South
(and my friend says they are all members of
the Democratic party, and in a large degree
they are) could have peace, order, quiet, lib-
erty, protection of life and property in every
one of those States in two weeks if they only
would. They, and their northern allies are
accessory to these enormous crimes which dis-
grace them and the nation by the very fact that
they suffer them to go on without taking any
noble steps to end them.
The great party at the North that sympa-
thizes with this party at the South is accessory
also. It has it in its power by uniting with
us in legislation, it has it in its power without
legislation, by taking the bold and open ground
thai this war is a finality and that the constitu-
tional results of it are to be accepted in good
faith and that the rights of citizens are to be
protected in every State, to give life to those
whose life is threatened, to give the peaceable
possession of property to those who are de-
spoiled, to revive industry, to increase educa-
tion, to promote happiness. But, sir, the fear
is that if they come over to our principles of
preserving the rights of all, traitors, rebels,
murderers, assassins, whoever they maybe, as
well as of the old friends of our flag, black
and white, by the impartial execution of law,
of the protection of private property, of free-
dom of opinion, of the expression of that free-
dom, of the free exercise of the ballot, it will
be found that our party is right and their party
is wrong. There isthetrouble, sir ; and there-
fore it is that every measure which we pro-
pose in order to uphold that which the people
and the States have guarantied by the Con-
stitution is assailed by all that ingenuity and
contrivance can resort to to put it in an unfair
and improper attitude before the people; not
by honorable Senators, of course, with any
such purpose; but they look at it with per-
verted eyes. They think that a provision to
punish crime is an attack upon liberty. They
think that a provision to put down insurrec-
tion is an enforcement of martial law against
the liberties of the people.
Mr. President, I have the impression that no
man who has read and observed the history of
the last twenty years need be afraid with this
book, the Constitution of his country, in his
hand, to go forward either as a party man or
as a statesman—and in a large sense they are
the same thing—to go forward in the discharge
of ail the constitutional duties which this Con-
stitution imposes upon him lest the people will
not support him. Why, sir, it has been said
that the Republican party—and I only speak
of it now ia the sense that I spoke of it a
moment before as the party of the country—
is to be endangered in the minds of the intel-
ligent citizens of this country because it uses,
to borrow the expression of one of the oppo-
nents of this bill, the last measures of the Con-
stitution to preserve life, liberty, and property.
It does not use the last measures of the Con-
stitution. I wish it did ; but I hope this will
be adequate. The party need not be afraid or
ashamed, publicly and boldly, everywhere, in
every hamlet of the land, to stand upon this
law if it be enacted, and to defend it, and to
challenge any man who denies our right and
our duty to pass laws of this character and for
the purposes for which we pass them, to meet
him. No, sir, the result upon a question like
this of an appeal to the people whose memories
are longer than two years or ten years will be,
in my opinion, a supreme triumph to the party
that bravelv does its duty because it is duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the second amendment reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, which will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
section two. line seventeen, to strike out the
word "his" and insert "or while engaged in
the so as to read :
Or to injure him in his person or property on ac-
count of or while engaged in the lawful discharge
of the duties of his office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that amendment I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, would it
be in order—I suppose it would be—to move
an amendment to that proposed amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to move an amend-
ment that will relieve it of the objection made
by the Senator from Illinois, and also the same
objection made by myself. That is, to strike
out the words " or property on account of or,"
and before "duties" strikeout " the" and in-
sert " his." and strike out the remaining words
" of hi3 officeso as to read, " or to injure him
in his person while engaged in the lawful dis-
charge of his duties." That would relieve the
amendment from the objection made to it by
the Senator from Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the proposed amendment to the
amendment, offered by the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk. After the word "per-
son " it ia moved to strike out the words " or
property on account of or," and before "du-
ties" to strike out "the" and insert "his,"
and to strike out the words " of his office;" so
as to make the amendment read, " or to injure
him in his person while engaged in the lawful
discharge of his duties."
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 hope that will not be
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 48; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly. Saulsbury, Ste-
venson,Stockton, Thurman, and Vickers—14. j
NAYS—Messrs. Ames.Anthony, Boreman, Brown- !
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, I
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conklin?, Corbett, Cragin, !
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gil- i
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitch- '
cock, Ilowe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey. Rico, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, West, Wilson, Wmdom, and "Wright—48.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fen ton. Ferry of Connecticut,
rlanagan, Hill, Kellogg, Pool, Sprague, and Tip-
ton—8.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the committee,
upon which the yeaa and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames; Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry
of Michigan, Frelinghuysen. Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis. Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton. Nye, Osborn.
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stew-
art. Sumner, and West—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair, Caldwell, Casserly.
Clayton, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Saulsbury. Schurz. Stevenson, Stockton,
Thurman. Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers. Wilson. Win-
dom. and Wright—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Harlan, Hill, Kellogg, and Sprague—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CASSERLY. May I ask a question for
information as to the order of business? 1 pre-
sume that after the committee's amendments
shall have been adopted it will still bein order
to move further to amend the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; there
are two amendments already offered to the
bill, which are reserved until the committee's
amendments are disposed of. The bill will
then be open for further amendments : that is,
amendments which are germane to the" bill.
The next amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary is in section
two, line nineteen, before thS word " witness "
and after the word "any" to insert the words
"party or;" so as to read, " orby/orce, intim-
idation, or threat to deter any party or witness
in any court of the United States," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was in section two, line twenty,
after the word "from" to insert "attending
such court, or from ;" so as to read:
Or threat to deter any party or witness in any court
of the United States from attending such court, or
from testifying in any matter pending in such
court, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
twenty-two, to insert after the word "such"
and before the word "witness" the words
" party orand in line twenty-three, after the
words "having so," to insert "attended or;"
so as to read:
Or to injure any such party or witness in his per-
son or property on aecountof his having so attended
or testified, or by force, intimidation, or threat to
influence tho verdict, presentment, or indictment of
any juror or grand juror in any court of the United
States.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest that the next
amendment, to insert "or on account of his
being or having been such juror," might as
well be included, limagine there ia no objec-
tion to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection those amendments will be regarded
as agreed to. They are agreed to; and the
Secretary will report the next amendment,
which is a substantial one.
Th^ Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is after the word "laws," in the thirty-sixth
line of the second section, to insert:
Shall conspire together for tho purpose of in any
manner impeding, hindering, obstructing, or defeat-
ing the due course of justice in any State or Terri-
tory, with intent to deny to any citizen of tho United
States the due and equal protection of the laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-five
of section two, before the word "conspiracy "
to insert the word "such," and to strike out
after the word "conspiracy" the words "such
as is defined in this section."
Mr. EDMUNDS. No one objects to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be nc
objection this amendment will be regarded as
agreed to. It is agreed to. The'next amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read tho next amendment,
