1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
amendment, offered by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say it is
copied from the law of England that has been
in force six hundred years.
Mr. THURMAN. It has been abolished
nearly that, length of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it is in force
cow, as I have the law to show.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object
to
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 39, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Rice, Sawyer, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, West,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—39.
HAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Cooper,Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Frelingliuysen, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hill, Hitchcoek, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Maine,
Kobertson, Saulsbury, SchuiY,, Scott, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Thurinan, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Vickers—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Flanagan, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, and
Sprague—6.
- So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move now to strike
out the fourth section of the bill, the habeas
corpus section.
Mr. STEWART. _ Before that is done I
desire to move to strike out a proviso in that
section, so as to perfect it. I believe it is in
order to perfect it first before the question is
taken on striking out the section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. STEWART. I move to strike out the
last proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois having moved to strike out the entire
section, the Senator from Nevada moves to
strike out the proviso at the end of the section.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have had the yeas
and nays so often on questions that involve the
same thing, that I hope we shall have these
votes viva voce.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a new point.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a point that we have
voted upon three times substantially.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have not voted on
striking out the section.
Mr. ANTHONY. We have voted on strik-
ing out every part of it, and now we are to vote
upon striking out the whole.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is upon striking out the proviso with which
the section concludes. Does the Senator from
Nevada demand the yeas and nays?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, I should like to
have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. BLAIR. I should like to have the pro-
viso read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided also. That the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not be in force after the end of the next
regular session of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to strike this proviso from the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Which leaves it repeal-
able like any other act.
Mr. THURMAN. The effect will be to
make it perpetual.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
faulted—yeas 14, nays 48 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Conkling, Gil-
bert, Howe, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
"I0."' Sherman, Spencer, and Stewart—14,
A AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair,Boreman,
Brownlotv, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron. Car-
penter, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry
01 Michigan, Frelinghnysen, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robert-
eon, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Stevenson,
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—- No. 45.
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers. West. Wilson, Windom, and Wright—48.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cole, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Harlan, Kellogg, and
Sprague—-8.
So the motion of Mr. Stewart was not
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, to strike out the fourth section of the bill.
Does the Senator demand the yeas and nays
upon it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we might as well
divide and take the vote in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We will take the vote
by yeas and nays on the question whether we
shall authorize the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes; let us have the
yeas and nays by all means.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill
of Maine, Robertson. Saulsbury, Schurz. Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Boreman,'Brown-
low, Buckingham. Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,Pool,Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Sherma.n, Spencer, Stew-
art, Sumner, West, Wilson, and Windom—43.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Kellogg, Logan, and Sprague—6.
So the motion to strike out the fourth sec-
tion did not prevail.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to strike out the
third section of the bill; and upon that motion
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 48: as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly, Saulsbury,
Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler. Clayton. Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds,Ferry ofMichigan, Frelinghnyson, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt,Ramsey, Ricc, Robertson. Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, West,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—43.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Hill, Kellogg, Schurz, and Sprague—7.
So the motion to strike out the third section
did not prevail.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to strike out in
the seventeenth line of the third section the
words " the militia or so as to read :
And it shall be his duty to take such measures by
the employment of the land and naval forces of the
United States, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to strike out the words "the mili-
tia or," in the seventeenth line of the third
section, so that the President shall use the
land and the naval forces only. That is the
object of it.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask leave to say one
word in explanation of that amendment, by
unanimous consent. If the President calls
upon the militia of the State itself, the effect
may be to array political party against political
party in the particular neighborhood where he
calls them; but if there were no politics about
it, it will inflict wounds on that neighborhood
that will never be healed. Let the President
employ the regular Army, men who have no
politics, and who are there for a little time
and then gone, and there will be no trouble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That amendment will
not do.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to strike out
in the amendment adopted on the motion of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] on
page 2, line twenty-one, all after the word
"parish" down to the word "or," in the
twenty-fourth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator must
reserve that amendment until after the bill is
reported to the Senate, as those words have
been incorporated in the bill by a direct voto
and cannot now be amended. When the bill
is reported to the Senate the Senator can then
move to amend that amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the bill
on page 5, section three, lines three and four,
by striking out after the word "laws" the
words "thereof, and ;" so that the clause will
read:
/That in all cases where insurrection, domestic
violence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies
in any State shall so obstruct or hinder the execution
of the laws of the United States as to deprive, &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 hope that will not be
agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. On the same page, section
three, line sixteen, after the word "duty" I
move to insert the words "upon the applica-
tion of the Executive or Legislature of such.
State y' so that the clause will read :
And in all such cases it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent, and it shall be his duty, upon tile application
of the Executive or Legislature of such State, to take
such measures by the employment of the militia, &c.
Mr, BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 45; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davi^ of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hamil-
ton ofMaryland, Johnston, Kelly, Saulsbury, Stock-
ton, Xhunnan, and Vickers—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony,Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Ferry ol Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, llarlan, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont.
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Itice, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spenecr,
Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom.—45.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Hill, Kellogg, Patterson, Schurz,
Sprague, Stevenson, Trumbull, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. On page 6, section four,
line six, I move to strike out after the word
"State" down to the word "combinations"
in the ninth line, in these words:
Or when the constituted authorities are in com-
plicity with, or shall connive at the unlawiul pur-
pose ot such powerful and armed combinations.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr, BLAIR. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
That all persons subject to any disability imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States are hereby relieved from such
disability: Frovided, That the following classes of
persons are excepted from the provisions of this act,
that is to say:
First. All persons who, being members of the Con-
gress of the United States, withdrew from their seats
and aided the rebellion.
Second. All itersonswho,beingolBcersofthe Army
or Navy of the United States, and being above the
ago ol twenty-one years, lett said Army or Navy,
and aided the rebellion.
Third. All persons who, being members of State
conventions which adopted pretended ordinances
of secession, voted in favor of the adoption of such
ordinances.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the question of
order that that is not competent to be offered
to this bill, as it requires a two-thirds vote,
and this is a legislative bill.
Mr. CONKLING. And it is not germane.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont makes a point of order against this
amendment, and the Chair is of the opinion
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
The Senate are acting under a restrictive rule
which confines their legislative business to
certain specific objects.
Mr. POMEROY. Does not this require a
two-thirds vote?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under ordinary
circumstances in the Senate the point in regard
to an amendment being germane has not been
