706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April II,
considered by the usage, whatever may be the
parliamentary law; but under the operation
of this restrictive rule the Chair has been
required frequently to rule that what cannot
be done directly cannot be done indirectly.
And the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Robertson] has already a resolution pending
proposing an amendment to the restrictive rule
to allow the Senate to consider the House bill
on this very subject.
Mr. BLAIR. The Chair will allow me to
say that the bill which is now pending is a bill
which the restrictive rule allows to be acted
upon, as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. BLAIR. And the bill is professed to
be for a certain purpose, which is to tranquil-
lize the South. Now, sir, I conceive that any
means by which the South is to be tranquillized
is germane to this hill.
Sir. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I was not allowed a
single word of explanation on the amendment
that I offered, I must object to debate by
others.
Mr. BLAIR. I should like to state the
position of the question.
Mr. TLIURMAN. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose a revision of
the revenue laws would tranquillize the South,
would that be in order on this bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio appeals from the decision of the Chair.
That appeal, however, is not debatable, be-
cause general debate has closed on this bill
and ail questions growing out of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. My own political friends
would not allow me to say a word on the
amendment that I offered.
Mr. BLAIR. The appeal is open to debate,
I suppose.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that a debatable
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a new rule in
this body. It has always been debatable.
Mr. HAMLIN. Never.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What! an appeal from
the decision of the Chair not debatable! I
beg the Senator's pardon. It has always been
debatable. I have debated it frequently my-
self.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that appeals
from the decision of the Chair when considered
under the ordinary rules are debatable; but
the Senate have resolved  
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir,not "resolved."
We came to an understanding, but not an
understanding that an appeal could not be
taken and debated.
The VI.CE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
has now finished his interruption, the Chair
will continue his remark. The Senate have
resolved by unanimous consent, binding them-
selves only, that there should be no further
debate until this bill had passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Or been disposed of 
TheVICE PRESIDENT. Or been disposed
of; and the Chair thinks that if debate upon
an appeal could be in order, appeals could be
taken repeatedly upon various' propositions,
simply for the purpose, without directly evad-
ing this unanimous consent, of indirectly
evading it, and bringing up, as the Senate have
already heard the suggestion of the Senator
from Missouri in advocacy of his amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL.^ Now, Mr. President, in
the lirbt place, there is no order of the Senate
• hat. can he enforced as a rule of order by the
Chair in regard to unanimous understandings,
and it has never been so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
so stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Therefore, it is not for
the Chair, in my judgment, to decide and en-
force upon the Senate any rule in reference
to its unanimous understandings, but it is for
the Senators themselves, guided by that sense
of propriety which has always obtained in the
Senate of the United States since I have been
a member of it, to adhere to the informal
understandings among its members. But now,
when 011 another question an appeal is taken
from the decision of the Chair, for the Presid-
ing Officer to decide, as a ruling binding upon
the Senate, that they are not permitted, if they
think proper, notwithstanding the understand-
ings in the body, which are for the Senators
themselves, to make any suggestion in refer-
ence to that appeal, I think would be carrying
the rules to an extent that they were never car-
ried here before; and if such is to be the action
of this body I am sure it will change the prac-
tice of the Senate and will be the end of that
courtesy and understanding among Senators
which has obtained since the organization of
the Government. I hope that no rule will be
enforced by the Chair that an appeal cannot
be debated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair said he did
not enforce the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Chair
to say that the appeal could not be debated.
I do not wish myself to take up the time of
the Senate or to violate any understanding,
but I certainly am of opinion that under the
restrictive rule of the Senate it is entirely com-
petent to consider the amnesty bill, which, in
my judgment, will do more to give peace and
quiet, to the country than the bill now under
consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is this debate in order?
I submitted without a word to the decision of
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair trusts
the Senator from Ohio will not make the point
after the remarks of the Senator from Illinois.
The Chair waited until the Senator from Illi-
nois had concluded. He certainly was unfor-
tunate in the language which he addressed to
the Senate if the remarks of the Senator from
Illinois have properly been applicable to him.
He did state as his opinion, and he repeats as
his opinion, that, under the unanimous agree-
ment of the Senate, debate upon this bill would
not be in order ; but the Chair has never stated
since he occupied the chair, nor did he intend
to state now, that Senators could not rise
contrary to the unanimous consent and speak;
nor would he arrest their speaking if they saw
fit themselves, on their own responsibility, to
do it. He has often stated this from the chair,
and supposed every Senator understood it.
The Senator from Illinois, however, mis-
understood him; and the Chair, therefore,
qualifies his remarks by saying that, after the
unanimous agreement the Senate have entered
into, the Chair thinks they have unanimously
agreed not to debate any further upon this bill
until it is disposed of, and that therefore an
appeal is governed by precisely the same rule
that governs a new amendment or a new prop-
osition that may for the first time be sprung
upon the Senate, that no Senator had ever
heard of before.
The Chair will now state, if the Senate are
willing to indulge him, why he was compelled
to decide as he did in regard to this amend-
ment not being germane. He will not state it
as an argument, but simply as a fact. This
restrictive rule, which has often been consid-
ered by the Senate at this session, states that
no other legislative business shall be consid-
ered during the present session but the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, the concurrent reso-
lution for a joint committee of investigation, a
resolution instructing the Judiciary Committee
to report a certain bill and a House bill on the
same subject, which is the hill now before the
body, to "enable the President and the courts
of the United States to execute the laws in said
States." With the exception of the deficiency
bill, that was the single subject which the Sen-
ate resolved that they would consider at this
session—only a proposition to " enable the
President and the courts of the United States
to execute the laws in said [southern] States."
Mr. BLAIR. This bill is applicable to the
whole country ; and therefore it is not within
the rule and it cannot be considered.
Mr. CONKLING. Butthe rule was amended
by adding " and the House bill," so that the
Chair is borne out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that after the Senate had adopted the original
restrictive rule they adopted an amendment to
it including any bill that might be sent from
the House of Representatives on the same
subject; that is, a bill to "enable the Presi-
dent and the courts of the United States to
execute the laws in said States." It is un-
pleasant for the Chair, much more so than it
is for Senators, to be compelled to enforce
restrictive rules laid down for their guidance.
He does it with very great reluctance; and he
will submit this question with pleasure to the
vote of the Senate if any Senator desires that,
rather than to make a decision upon it. If
the Chair, upon his responsibility, entertained
this amendment, he does not see how he could
refuse to entertain any amendment upon any
other subject that might be proposed; for
instance, the financial bills in regard to tea
and coffee and coal and salt, and the repeal
of the income tax, which.were specifically
sought to be included in this restrictive rule
by amendments which were defeated by votes
of the Senate. The Senate have instructed
the^Chair that theydesire him to confine legis-
lation to the subjects specifically mentioned ;
but if the Senator from Missouri desires, the
Chair will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I will not appeal 
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has appealed ; butthe Chair will submit
the question to the Senate if any Senator de-
sires.
Mr. BLAIR. I understand that; but I wish
to make one single suggestion. Does not the
Chair recollect that when this rule was under
discussiou in the Senate the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Robertson,] I believe,
or some other Senator, was anxious to in-
clude an amnesty bill, arid it was suggested,
and I think by common consent agreed, that
such a bill would be received under the rule ?
["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that the understanding was that
it was proper for the Judiciary Committee to
consider whether such a bill was a proper one
to report to assist in carrying out the purposes
named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state further to the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] that when the hill came from the
House of Representatives in regard to gen-
eral amnesty it was sought to put it upon its
passage ; and it was objected to, no Senator
stating that it was within the scope of this re-
strictive rule; whereupon, subsequently, after
a colloquial debate, the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Robertson] moved an amend-
ment to the restrictive rule to include that bill
within it. That would have been called up
before now but for the pendency of this bill.
I his indicated that, in the opinion of the Sen-
ate, that bill could not be considered under
the restrictive rule. If it cannot directly, the
Chair thinks it cannot indirectly; but if the
Senator from Missouri prefers, the Chair will
submit the question to the Senate, as he much
prefers that they should construe their own
rules.
Mr. BLAIR. I have a word to pay upon
what the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Sawyer] let fall just now, in which he cor-
