2
THE COTOKESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4\
65 votes constitute a majority of the votes east, and
that number of legal votes are necessary to an elec-
tion.
We represent that Hon. Oeorge Goldthwaite did
not receive that number of legal votes, nsB. M. Henry
claiming to be a representative from Russei county,
in said State, who voted for Hon, George Gold ttiwaite
"was not elected by the people of said county, did
not have a certificate of his election as is required
by our laws, but was defeated at the polls by several
hundred, and was not legally entitled to vote for a
United States Senator in said joint meeting of the
Legislature, which, if said illegal votes had been re-
jected would have been sufficient to prevent the
announcement of the election of Hon. George Gold-
thwaite to a seat in your honorable body.
Saul Bradford, of Talladega county, who had been
rejected by the people at the ballot-box, was per-
mitted to vote foresaid Hon. George Goldthwaite,
when in our opinion his vote should have been
rejected, as he had never been legally elected a
member of the Legislature.
In the counties of Green, Sumter, Lee, and other
counties, the representatives ol which all voted for
Hon. George Goldthwaite, we have every reason to
beiievts that the elections of said representatives
were procured by intimidating the voters, and in
several instances fraud added thereto, and that the
frentlemen claiming to be representatives of these
counties ~were not legally elected by the people of
said;counties, are not their legal representatives,
and were not entitled to vote for United States
Senator at the joint meeting of the General As-
ferabiy.
We are informed that some of the members of the
Legislature who voted for Hon. George Goldthwaite
are laboring under political disabilities imposed by
the' fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, and it is an inquiry worthy the
consideration of the Senate of the United States
whether Hon. George Goldthwaite is not laboring
under the same disabilities tor his actions during the
recent rebellion of the southern States.
Believing:, therefore, that lion. George Goldthwaite
is not legally elected Senator from Alabama, wo re-
spectfully pray that the Senate of the United States
may so decide, and declare his seat vacant.
11. W. BAllR,
Senator twenty-ninth district,
WILLIAM Al. BUCKLEY,
Senator twentieth district*
GEORGE G. IIARMOUNT.
Representative Montgomery county.
JACOB BLACK,
Representative Barbour county.
D. E. COON,
Senator tioenty-first district.
I. D. SIBLEY, Senator ninth district.
FREDERICK G. BROMBERG,
Senator twenty-eighth district.
WILLIAM MILLER, jr..
Senator thirty-first district.
J, A. YORD Y,
Senator twenty-fifth district.
B.F.ROYAL.T
Senator sixteenth district.
G. T. McAFEE, Senator tenth district.
J. DoF. RICHARDS,
Senator thirtieth district.
J.A.FARDEN,
Senator eighteenth district.
II. H.JVISE, Senator eleventh district.
J. P. STO VV. Senator nineteenth district.
B. JOLIitfSTON. Senator fourth district.
EDWARD GEE,
Jleprenentative Dallas county,
SHELBY KING,
Senator thiity~third district.
JERRY HARALSON,
Representative Dallas county.
T.J.CLARK,
Representative Barbour county.
THOMAS DIGGS,
Hejyrcsentahve Harbour county.
JAMES S. PEIIRIN,
Representative IFt/co.v county.
WILLIAM B, MARTIN, of Girard,
Fifteenth, senatorial district,
W. D. GASKIN,
Representative Lowndes county.
R. L.JOHNSON,
Representative Dallas county.
W.HENDERSON,
_ Representative Wilcox county.
T.C. STEWARD,
Senatoi twenty-second district.
BJ2NJAMIN LEUTZ, First district.
W. W. GLASS,
^yILhId^r^rty'/ourthd:gtric'•
HENRY Macm COm>V-
JAMES ^ 00K"^
PAUL STRBttU C0Un'V-
iom%ff^iim'aomervcomtv-
Jiepretentative Lowndes countit.
THOMAS D. McCASKEY,
Representative Wilcox county.
L. C. CAIILIN,
Representative Marengo county.
LEVI WELLS.
Representative Marengo county.
L. S. SPEED,
Representative Barbour county.
W. B. JONES,
Senator hcenty-sixth district.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a qualifying
statement made by some of the signers, which
ought to be read, showing how far they assent.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
We, the undersigned, have no actual personal
knowledge of the elections had in Russell, Talladega,
or Lee counties in this State, but we have no doubt
whatever that, thiough intimidation, fraud, and
other improper means in several counties of Ala-
bama, especially in Sumter and Greene, the will of
the people in the choice of their representatives to
our existing General Assembly was notreflected, but
defeated and outraged to so great an extent as to
warrant strict and full inquiry touching the prem-
ises on the part of the national Congress.
JOHN OLIVER,
Senator from the seventh district.
J. W. MAHAN,
Senator from the eighth district.
H. C. SANKORD,
Senator from the sixth district.
THOMAS LAMBERT,
Senator from the twelfth district.
OtlAS. 0. WHITNEY,
Senator from the twelfth district.
GBO. S. MARLOWE, jr..
Representative from Dallas county.
Montgomery, February 17,1871.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is signed by four or
five of the forty-five.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I yield to the
Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Ohio nearest the Chair [Mr. Sherman]
repeat his motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the creden-
tials and also the memorial lie oil the table for
reference to the Judiciary Committee when
the committees are appointed.
Mr. TtlURMAN. Of course there can be
no debate on that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to make a
motion to cut off debate. I will simply pre-
sent this paper for the present, and I shall fol-
low it presently by a motion to lay on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, nothing
can be clearer law than that that memorial
makes no case against the Senator-elect. There
never has been an instance in the history of
the Senate in which the Senate has undertaken
to canvass the question of the eligibility of
members of a Legislature to seats in that body.
That is a question which belongs to the Legis-
lature itself. The two houses of the Legisla-
ture of Alabamaare the exclusive judges of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of their
own members, and the Senate of the United
States has never, even when it has gone farthest,
attempted to say that where there was a legal
Legislature, it had power to inquire into the
elections, returns, and eligibility of the mem-
bers of that Legislature. It did in the Georgia
case assume the right to inquire into that in
order to ascertain whether there was any legal
Legislature at all; whether that Legislature had
complied with the reconstruction acts, with the
conditions imposed upon it. For that purpose
the inquiry was instituted ; the matter was re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee when the
credentials of the Senators from Georgia were
under consideration ; and that committee made
a report upon it, and I believe I am right in
saying it was a unanimous report, that when it
was once determined that there was a legal
Legislature in Georgia, this Senate could not
inquire into the eligibility of any member of
that Legislature who had been seated by it in
order to determine whether its election of a
Senator was valid or not.
Why, sir, if that were the doctrine, there
is not a Senator on this floor but might have
his seat defeated by the trial of the right of
the members of the Legislature by whom he
was elected to seats in the State Legislature.
Instead of the State Legislature being the sole
and exclusive judge of the elections, returns,
and eligibility of the members, contested
elections of members of the State Legislature
would be transferred to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. So preposterous a propositiou
never has obtained.
The Senate will End that this very matter
was involved in the Georgia case. We did
investigate in that case in regard to the eligi-
bility of the members of the Georgia Legis-
lature, but solely for the purpose of finding
whether that was a legal Legislature or not;
and having determined that it was a legal
Legislature, we abstained from any inquiry
into the eligibility of the members who voted
for Senators in Congress.
Now, sir, what is that memorial which has
been read? It asks us to inquire whether
certain persons admitted by the General As-
sembly of Alabama to seats in that body, a
confessedly legal Legislature, a Legislature that
had no conditions of your reconstruction laws
or any other laws to comply with, a State that
had been represented for four or five years in
both branches of Congress; it asks the Sen-
ate of the United States to go into the trial of
a contest of election (that is the amount of
it) in regard to seats in the Alabama Legis-
lature. I deny that there is any such
power, and I do not suppose any one can
assert that there is any such power. If that
be the case, there is nothing at all that I see
to refer here.
There is another clause in that memorial in
which the memorialists say they consider it
worthy the consideration of the Senate of the
United States whether the Senator elect is not
under disabilities. They make no statement
of any act done by .him that would place him
under any.disability 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will allow me to say that 1 did not understand
the protest to allege disability against the
Senator-elect, but against members of the
Legislature. "«■
Mr. THURMAlf. The Senator from Illinois
is mistaken. It says simply this: that the
memorialists believe it is worthy of inquiry by
the Senate whether the Senator-elect is under
disabilities ; that is all. There is no charge,
no statement even, that they believe he is under
disability; no statement of any act he ever
did, of any utterance of his, of anything that
would place him under any disability what-
ever; but simply a statement that they believe
it is worthy of our investigation, without
affirming it themselves, or that they believe
any such thing themselves.
Now, Mr. President, it does seem to me it
is not consistent with the dignity of the Sen-
ate, it is not consistent with the rights of Sen-
ators, it is not consistent with the rights of
the States, that upon such a question as this
a Senator-elect should be deprived of his seat
and the State deprived of her due represent-
ation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I examined this memo-
rial very carefully before I submitted it, and it
presents a very different case indeed from
the ordinary one referred to by my colleague.
This is not a mere question as to the election
of a member of the Legislature. It does not
involve a mere inquiry into whether this person
or that person was elected in a particular dis-
trict in the State of Alabama. That is not the
question which is presented by this memorial;
but here is memorial signed by fbrty*five
members of the General Assembly authorized
to elect a Senator to this body, and they declare
to us, first, that one man participated in the
election who had no right whatever there, who
had no certificate of election, who was not
elected not that there was a dispute about
who was elected, but_ that one man, without
any right whatever, without holding a certifi-
cate of election, assumed to vote, and that his
VOjc ^he contest. That alone would be
sufficient to cause an inquiry into this election.
But there is one other allegation, and it is
an allegation supported by historical proof;
that in several counties of the State of Alabama,
by force and fraud, the right of the electors
was utterly denied and overthrown. Sir, if
m a portion of a State, by force and fraud, the
right of the electors may be subverted, and
