1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
That provision, to my mind, is broad enough
to secure a proper jury ; but if you require all
the jurors to take the test-oath, the result will
be to prevent some of our best citizens from
sitting on the juries. In my judgment, the
men throughout the South, particularly in my
State, are as honorable as any class of people
in this country, and I am willing to let sit on
a jury in a case like this any man there who
can subscribe the oath provided for in this sec-
tion. We want intelligent men as jurors; and
if a jury is confined to ignorant men, tbey may
be honest, but they may not be able to do jus-
tice according to law. The bill standing as
it does in this respect, I shall be compelled to
vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 45, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen. Gil-
bert,, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,Sawyer,Scott, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stewart, Sumner, West, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Robert-
son, Saulsbury. Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Thur-
iiian, Tipton, Trumbull, and Viokers—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Flanagan, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, and
Sprague—6.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the bill, as
passed, be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H, R. No.
386) authorizing the Secretary ot War to place
certain condemned cannon at the disposal of
the Pennsylvania Military Legion of the city
of Philadelphia, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the concurrent resolution of the
Senate for the printing of extra copies of the
last report of the Commissioner of Education.
joint committee on southern disorders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points, to fill the vacancy on the joint select
Committee to Investigate Alleged Outrages in
the Southern States, the Senator from North
. Carolina, [Mr. Pool.]
Mr. NYE. I am a member of that com-
mittee of investigation, and I should like to
have my place filled by the appointment of
another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks to be excused from service on the
joint Committee of Investigation into Alleged
Outrages in the Southern States. If there be
no objection he will stand as excused. How
shall the vacancy be filled?
Mr. POMEROY and others. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made, and the
Chair will appoint, to fill the vacancy occasioned
by the declining of the Senator from, Nevada,
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt.]
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of March 13, 1871, pro-
posals made by the International Steamship
Company for establishing iron ship-building
yards and docks; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
adjournment.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. CONKLING. Pending that motion, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday 
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope we shall have au
executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending which
motion, the Senatorfrom New York moves that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I will withdraw the mo-
tion if the Senator from Minnesota will make
a motion for an executive session, but I object
to the other motion.
Mr. RAMSEY, I make that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not go
into executive session until we adopt the other
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business, which is not
debatable under the rules; and now the Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 29, noes 32.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall fix the
question about adjournment over.
Mr. CONKLING. The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to ask unanimous
consent 
Mr. TIPTON. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wait a minute. I ask
unanimous consent that an order be made that
we meet at twelve o'clock to-morrow instead
of eleven. I hope my friend will not object to
that.
The VICE PRES [DENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent that if the
Senate meets to-morrow it shall be at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. I object, because we have
not agreed 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say "if we meet to-
morrow."
Mr. POMEROY. "Ifwemeetto-morrow."
I have no objection to it on that condition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 01, noes 29.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 22, noes 37.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, on which, by the count, there were—
ayes 31, and noes 29. The Secretary will call
the roll on that motion, which is not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitch-
cock. Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Patterson,
Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Tipton, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Corbett, l>avis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Nye, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Schura, Scott, Spencer, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickers—81.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, MomU of
Vermont, Pool, Sprague, and West—9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state that he will retire from the chair
at the close of this week, so that on Monday
the Senate may elect a President pro tempore
to serve as such during the recess. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Kansas, that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move thatthe Senate
do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
A division was called for, and the ayes were
27, noes 32.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the yeas and
nays on this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On adjourn-
ment ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; on the ques-
tion just taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the motion
that the Senate do now adjourn the Senator
from New York demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I am paired on this vote with
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz.] I
should vote to adjourn, and he would vote
against adjournment if he were here.
The yeas and nays were taken on the*motion
to adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (before the result was an-
nounced.) 1 ask unanimous consentthat if we
adjourn to-day till to-morrow it be to meet at
twelve o'clock. P'That, is right."]
The VICE PRES1DEN Is there objec-
tion for fixing twelve o'clock as the hour of
meeting to-morrow in case the Senate shall
meet to-morrow?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the vote be an-
nounced.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to fixing twelve o'clock as the hour of
meeting hereafter unless otherwise ordered?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I object to any-
thing but the announcement of the vote.
The result was announced—yeas 29, nays
27; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron. Carpenter. Chand-
ler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, ildmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock.
Lewis, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Spencer,
Stewart, Tipton, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West, Virginia. Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Nye, Pomeroy, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Trum-
bull. and Vickers—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pool, Schurz. Sher-
man, Sprague, and West—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at six
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 15, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bill.
The bill (H. R. No. 386) authorizing the
Secretary of War to place certain condemned
cannon at the disposal of the Pennsylvania
military legion of the city of Philadelphia,
was read a first time by its title, and laid on
the table.
