1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
Hamilton declined this offer to me in person, on the
yround that he would not be able to pay the assess- :
merits, lie wanted unassessable or paid up stock, :
and made repeated demands for such stock, which
was never offered him.
In reply to your third question : " Did you at any
time, forme, for yourself, orfor the company, or any
meuieber of the company, tender or propose to give
Mr. Hamilton a draft, check, or other paper for
#20,00i>, or any other sura of money for his services ?"
I have to say that I did not offer Mr. Hamilton for
you, myself, the company, or for any member of the
company any draft, chock,or money for anything.
Iuieply to your fourth question: "Did you at any
time, with or without my consent, offer to arrange
the Federal offices of the State of Florida in the in-
terests of Mr. Hamilton, m consideration of his sup-
port of Senate bill No. 438?" Mr. Hamilton desired
to use the bill referred to, to securo to himself the
Federal patronagoof tlie State. He repeatedly slated
to me that beiore he would take any action toward
the passage of the bill iu the House, Mr. Dockcry
must beremovedfrom the custom-houao at Jackson-
ville, and Mr. Went,worth from the office of marshal,
and personal friends of his put in their places. I
said to Mr. Hamilton that the most ready way to
harmonize all the elements of the Republican party
in the State was for the party to unite in promoting
internal improvements a.nd developing the State.
1 said to him that as this bill covered the two trunk
lines of the State, it was the proper measure for the
party to espouse, that if this was done and jealousies
removed, 1 had no doubt the Federal offices could
be adjusted to his satisfaction. The president of the
company repeated the same in one of the published
letters. When, however, I brought these demands
of Mr. Hamilton to your attention, I have to say
you refused to combine the Federal appointments
with any other matter, and Mr. Hamilton was so
intoiined.
1 hn.ve the honor to be, very rospeetfully, your
obedient seivant,
M. H. ALBERGER,
Secretary Great Southet n JiaUway Company.
Hon. T. W. Osuorn,
United States Senator, Washington, D. G.
511 Clinton Street,
Brooklyn, New York, 2<V,l>iua/yl'i\ 1871.
Dear Sin: I have been informod that lion. C. M.
Hamilton, upon the expiration of his term in Con-
gress, will be an applicant for a Federal appoint-
ment in the State of Florida.
The large interests our company has in that State
render it very important to us that a man should
not be appointed to office who will use that office
.for oppression and extortion. I therefore inclose an
aflidavit which you are authorized to use as you may
deem best for the good of the Government, the State,
and the country.
I am, &o.. A. C. OSBORN, President.
Colonel M. II. Albeugeu,
Secretary Great /Southern Railway Company.
1335 F Street,
Washington. D. 0., March 10,1871.
Dear Sir: I notice in this evening's Star that
Charles M. Hamilton has been nominated by the
President for United States marshal of the northern
district of Florida. I desire most respectfully to
protest against this appointment, and to urge upon
you the necessity of his lejection. He is not, as you
well know, tlie choice of the people or of the party,
having at the nominating convention received only
twenty-three votes out of ninety-eight. His con-
testant on the last ballot was unanimously nom-
inated. His confirmation would be an insult and
an outrage on the few good men who have made and
held the State to the Republican party, and who
elected the Republican member of this Congress in
the face of Mr. Hamilton's opposition.
It is with great reluctance and after much serious
thought that I submit lor your consideration a copy
of a letter and an affidavit, which is herewith in-
closed. and to request that you have thein road to the
Senate when the name of Mr. Hamilton is repoited
for confirmation.
Mr. Hamilton left thcStatc immediately after Mr.
Walls's nomination, refusing to return, though re-
peatedly requested to do so during the canvass. He
has not since been in the State.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. II. ALDERGER.
Hon. T. W. osborn, United States Senator.
P. S.—Senator Conkling, of New York, has been
furnished with a copy of this correspondence and
the original papers.
I certify the above to be a true copy:
10. C. LAMMIS.
State of New York, Kings County, ss:
A. C. Osbom. of the city of Brooklyn, in the State
of New Yoik, being duly sworn, depose.- and fays :
That ho is president of the Great. Southern Rail-
way Company, a corporation created by an act of
the Legislature of the Scale oi Florida ; that Senate
biil 43S, which, as he has been informed and be-
lieves, has been passed by the Senate of the United
States and is now upon the Speaker's table ot the
House of Representatives, proposes to make, audby
its terms does make, a grant of public land to aiu in
the construction of the road of said company.
Deponent further says, that in the city of Wash-
ington, on the afternoon of Thursday, February 9,
1871, in the marble room of Senate wing of the
Capitol, Charles M. Hamilton, member of the
House of Repiescntatives. from the State of Flor-
ida, asked of deponent an interview at five o'clock
of the same afternoon. An interview was given in
accordance with this request, Mr. Hamilton calling
upon deponent at deponent's room, at No. 1320 F
street.
Deponent further says, that at the said interview
the said Charles M. Hamilton did, in direct and ex-
plicit terms, several times repeated, make to depo-
nentthe following proposition, to wit: that he would
give to said Senate bill438 his influence and his vote,
and would speak in advocacy of said bill before tho
House of Representatives, on the condition that
stock of the said Great Southern Railway Company
to the amount of $1,000,000 be fn&tgiveu to him ; and
on the further condition that he be employed as at-
torney of said company upon a permanent salary of
$5,000 per year; and on tho further condition that
he be confirmed by the Senate of the United States as
United States marshal for the State of Florida, he
affirming that he could got the nomination for the
marshalship from the President, and assuming that
deponent, or other friends of said bill, had influence
with members of the Senate.
Deponent further says, that when ho informed Mr.
Hamilton that the said company could enter into
no such engagements with him, and that the condi-
tion that a railroad corporation should pledge tho
action of tho United States Senate upon an execu-
tive nomination was absurd and impossible. Mr.
Hamilton, in a protracted conversation, insisted
that his terms were, in his own words, " very modest
and very moderate for the service involved," and
that these terms could all be met by the said com-
pany or the friends of the bill. Mr. Hamilton espe-
cially desired deponent to bear in mind that without
his assent and support it was not possible for said
bill to pass the House.
D* ponent further says, that in said conversation,
after proposing to deponent tho terms and conditions
above given, Mr. Hamilton three times repeated
that these were his final terms; that if these terms
were met ho would ppeak in support of the said bill
on the floor of the House of Repi osentatives, would
work among the members to secure its passage, and
would give it his vote; that if these terms were not
met he should oppose tho bill and prevent its passage*.
A. C. OSBORN.
Sworn to before me this 18th day of February, 1871.
C. E. PRATT, J.S. C.
State of New York, County of King*, 8*:
I, George U. Herman, clerk of the county of Kings,
and clerk ot the supreme court of the State of New
York, in and for said county, (said court being a
court of record.) do hereby certify that C. E. Pratt,
before whom the annexed deposition was taken,
was, at the time of taking the same, a justice of tho
supreme court of the Slate of New York, in and for
the said county, dwelling in said county, elected and
sworn, and duly authorized to administer oaths for
general purposes; and, further, that I am well ac-
quainted with the handwriting of such iustice, and
verily believe the signature to said deposition is
genuine.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set ray hand
r a i and aihxed the seal of said county and court
ll. b.j tinslSth day of February. 1871.
GEORGE G. HERMAN, Clerk.
Extract from a letter of C. M. Hamilton to lien. A. C.
Osbom, J). JJ., dated Washington.District of Colum-
bia, April 6,1871.
If you made the statement on file in the Attor-
ney General's office, believing that T ever for a*rfo-
rnent seriously, or that I ever 'directly,' whether
seriously or not, made any proposition whatsoever
to you, or to any of your ' ring,' to further that or any
other scheme, I pity your simplicity."
Mr. OSBORN. In the affidavit first read
Mr. Hamilton charges, in the first place, that
on several and frequent occasions he was called
from his seat by myself, and by me lobbied,
annoyed, promised, threatened, and that bribes
were offered by me to him to secure his coop-
eration to pass in the House of Representatives
a certain bill—Senate bill No. 438.
I need not remind the Senate that 1 have
access to the floor of the House, and have no
occasion to call a member to the lobby to com-
municate with him, or in any way to make use
of the lobby of the House; and that I did not
do so I will bhow hereafter.
By implication it is made to appear in this
statement that 1 with others had been engaged
in an attempt to corrupt the Legislature of my
own State and that of Georgia. The facts as
I learn them from the officers of the company,
for 1 bore no part in the matter, are these:
the company referred to was organized under
the general incorporation act, and stock sub-
scribed, subject to assessment, and certificates
of stock were made subject to the assessments
and the requirements of the original subscrip-
tion in every particular. Many persons in
Florida, believing that the Stock of a railroad
down the peninsula, with a terminus within
ninety miles of Cuba, would be of great future
value, complained that the stock so far sub-
scribed was in too few hands, and most of it
held at the North.
To satisfy the demand thus made, a stock-
book was sent to Tallahassee, and placed ia
the hands of one of the board of directors for
the stock to be offered, and allowed to be taken
by any person or persons who wanted it and
would pay for it, in installments, as required by
the terms of the subscription and by-laws.
This book was returned without a share taken,
and is now in the office of the companv m
New York.
In the same way, when the company desired
to extend its franchise to connect with the
Georgia system, a stock-book was sent to At-
lanta for the same purpose, and to identify the
citizens of Georgia with the undertaking. The
Legislatures of both States were ready to give,
and did give, as I understand, willingly, every
concession asked. Stock was offered to Mr.
Hamilton in the same way, to be paid for or
forfeited j and none was offered him in any
other way. No stock has been taken or offered
by this company except upon the terms and
conditions mimed, i. e., subject to assessment
and forfeiture in case the assessments weie not
paid on demand of the company.
As to the letter of A. C. Osborn, of which I
had no knowledge until I saw it published in
this statement of Mr. Hamilton, it appears to
me to be more of a political letter than pos-
sessing any other character. It says only, in
language not easily misunderstood, that the
friends of internal improvements and of the
development of the State would appeal from
Mr. Hamilton to the voters of the State. The
appeal was made. I am satisfied with the result.
The Republican party is united and harmo-
nious, and the man who opposed the develop*
ment of the State was mustered out.
Again, Mr. Hamilton says some person,
who he says operated with me, offered him a
draft of $20,000 for his vote and services on
the bill referred to. In reply to this i can only
say I have no knowledge of such a transaction.
Colonel Alberger, the secretary of the com-
pany, says no such transaction took place.
I am charged, in the last place, with having
introduced in the Senate a bill granting lands
to a company in which I was at the time a large
stockholder. In an accompanying paper Mr.
Hamilton places my stock at a quarter of a
million dollars. The fact is, I hold ten shares—
$1,000—out of a capital stock of ten millions,
and did not when the bill was first introduced
in the Senate, and have not since, held more.
I am informed that the stock referred to in
the affidavit of Mr. Hamilton, and in the
accompanying letters, was neither more nor
less than an unsubscribed amount of stock of the
company, which stock, if subscribed or taken,
was subject to assessment.
As to the matter of having at any time
attempted to bribe or threaten Mr, Hamilton
by the use of the Federal patronage in any
form, I deny it positively and emphatically. I
never at any time, directly or indirectly, offered
or intimated that the patronage might, directly
or indirectly, be used to advance the interest
of any bill. On the other hand, I invariably,
with perhaps one or two exceptions, not more,
consulted Mr. Hamilton upon every appoint-
ment made in the State since the commence-
ment of this Administration. X considered it
his due, as being the only colleague I had in
the other House. Mr. Hamilton's conduct
in regard to the bill referred to, and of which
I had charge in the Senate, was always singu-
lar and unsettled, at one time declaring lie was
in favor of it, and at another opposed to it.
T could never determine whether he favored
1 or was opposed to it. I bore very little part
' in the matter after the bill left the Senate. I
did appear before the Committee on Public
Lands, as was my privilege and duty, once or
twice to ask that committee to consider the
