8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
the Clt rk desires to state that they differ
essentially from the credentials issued to the
Representatives from that State elected to the
Forty-First Congress; that, strictly judged,
they are both vague and evasive ; and that the
changes made are so marked and special as to
create a belief that they were purposely made
to produce uncertainty. The Clerk has been
ia doubt as to his duty concerning ihem, but
has finally concluded to give them, this time,
the benefit of the doubt, and to accept them.
The point which has been argued, that the
election was not held on the day fixed by the
laws of Tennessee, involves a construction of
the constitution and of several of the laws of
that State; and the Clerk has, under the cir-
cumstances, concluded not to rule upon it.
Mr. Sion H. Rogers, one of the Represent-
atives from North Carolina, requested the Clerk
this morning that when his name was reached
on the call it should be omitted.
The certificate from the third district of
Arkansas bears upon its face evidence that it
■was not issued within the time required by law,
nor within two months thereafter; besides,
there is a serious doubt whether the officer
■who executed it, had at that time the right to
do so. The circumstances surrounding the
issue of this certificate are so suspicious that
the Clerk feels compelled to reject it.
The Clerk makes this explanation of his
action because he has observed that like ac-
tion, on previous occasions, unexplained, has
been misunderstood.
At the close of the call,
The CLERKsaid: Two hundred and twenty-
two members have answered to their names,
constituting a quorum. It is now competent
for the House to proceed to elect a Speaker.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that the
House now proceed to elect a Speaker.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. On behalf of
the Republican members of this House, I
nominate Hon. James G. Blaine, of Maine,
for Speaker of this House.
Mr. WOOD. On behalf of the Democratic
members of the House, I nominate Gen
George W. Morgan, of Ohio, as our candi
date for Speaker.
The CLERIC appointed to act as tellers, Mr.
Banks of Massachusetts, Mr. Cook of Illi-
nois, Mr. Beck of Kentucky, and Mr. Eld-
ridge of Wisconsin.
The House proceeded to vote, viva voce, for
Speaker, with the following result, as an-
nounced by Mr. Banks, on behalf of the
tellers:
Whole number of votes cast 218 ; necessary
to a choice 110, of which—
Jambs G. Blaink received  126
Gbokgk W. Morgan received    92
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Blaine—Messrs, Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Banks, Barber. Barry, Beat.ty, Bigby, Bingham,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley. Butlinton,
Burcbard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conner. Cook, Cotton, Ci eoly.
Darrall, Dawes, Be L:irg<\ Dickey, Donnan, Duel!.
Bunnell, Karnes, Elliott, h, Farwell.Fink-
elnburg, Charles Foster. Frye, G.irtield. Hale, Htil-
8ey, Marnier, George E. Harris, Havens. Hawley
Hay, Hays, (jerry W. Hazieton, John W. Hazieton.
Hill, Hoar. Hooper, Kelley, Ivetcbam, Killmger,
Lamport, Lansing. Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Crary, Mctirew, Mcjunkin, McKee, Morcur, Mer-
riam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Morphia, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer. Palmer,
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Peters. Piatt, Poland, Porter, Pnndle, Rainey
Eliis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks. Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, Horace B. Smith, John A. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell. St. John, Sypher,
Taffe. Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twiohell, Tyner, Up.-on, Wakeman, Walden, Wal
dron, Wallace. Walls, Washburn, Wheeler, White
ley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—126.
For Mr. Morgan—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer,
Arthur, Beck, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll, Comingo, Cox. Crebs, Critcher, Crossland,
Davis, Dox. Du Bose. Duke. Kldridge, Ely. Forker,
Henry D. Foster, Garrett, UetK, Golladay, Griffith,
Hahleiuan, Harabieton, Handley, Hanks, John X.
Harris, Hereford, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King,
Kinsella, Lamison. Leach, Lewis, Ma,nson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mclnty re,
McKinney, McNeely. Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Niblack. Eh Perry, Potter, Price, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Siocum, Sloss, R. Milton Speer,
Stevens, Storui, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Dwight
Townsend, Tuthill, VanTrump,«Vaughan. Waddell,
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of New York,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—92.
The CLERK announced that James G.
Blaine, one of the Representatives from the
State of Maine, having revived a majority of
all the votes given, was duly elected Speaker
of the House of Representatives for the Forty-
Second Congress.
At the suggestion of the Clerk, Mr. Poland
of Vermont and Mr. Morgan1 of Ohio con-
ducted Mr. Blaine to the chair, when he ad-
dressed the House as follows : ^
Gentlemen: The Speakership of the Amer-
ican House of Representatives has always been
esteemed as an enviable honor. A reelection
to the position carries with it peculiar gratifi-
cation, in that it implies an approval of past
official bearing. For this great mark of your
confidence I can but return to you my sin-
cerest thanks, with the assurance of my utmost
devotion to the duties which you call upon
me to discharge.
Chosen by the party representing the polit-
ical majority in this House, the Speaker owes
a faithful allegiance to the principles and the
policy of that party. But he will fall far below
the honorable requirements of his station if he
failstogive to the minority their full rights un-
der the rules which he is called upon to admin-
ister. The successful working of our grand
system of government depends largely upon
the vigilance of party organizations, and the
most wholesome legislation which this House
produces and perfects is that which results
from opposing forces mutually eager and
watchful and well-nigh balanced in numbers.
The Forty-Second Congress assembles at a
period of general content, happiness, and pros-
perity throughout the land. Under the wise
administration of the national Government,
peace reigns in all our borders, and the only
serious misunderstanding with any foreign
Power K we may hope, at this momentin pro-
cess of honorable, cordial, and lasting adjust-
ment. We are fortunate in meeting at such a
time, in representing such constituencies, in
legislating for such a country.
Trusting, gentlemen, that our official inter-
course may be free fromall personal asperity,
believing that all our labors will eventuate for
the public good, and craving the blessing of
Him without whose aid we labor in vaiu, I
am now ready to proceed with the further
organization of the House; and, as the first
step thereto, I will myself take the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution and laws. [Loud
applause.]
Mr. Dawes, having served longest contin-
uously as a member of the House, was des-
ignated by the Clerk to administer to the
Speaker-elect, the oath prescribed by law;
which was done in the following form :
I, Jamks G. Blaine, do solemnly swear that I have
never voluntarily borne arms against the United
States since 1 have been a citizen thereof; that I
have voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel,
or encouragement to persons engaged in armed hos-
tility thereto; that 1 have neither bought nor ac-
cepted nor attempted to exercise the Junctions of
any offico whatever, under any authority or pre-
tended authority in hostility to the United States;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended Government, authority, power, or consti-
tulion within the United States hostile or inimical
thereto. And I do further swear that, to the best of
my knowledge andability. I will support and defend
the Constitution of the United States against all
enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true
faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this
obligation freely, without any mental reservation
or purpose of evasion; and that I will well aud faith-
fully discharge the duties of theoffice on which lam
about to enter: so help me God.
swearing in of members.
The SPEAKER proceeded to administer to
the members in attendance the oath of office,
members presenting themselves as theirnames
were called by States and taking respectively
the "'test oath" prescribed by the act of July
2, 1862, or the special oath provided by the act
of July 11, 1868, for those who, having parti-
cipated in the recent rebellion, have had their
legal disabilities removed by the vote of two
thirds of each House of Congress.
When the name of Mr. Alfred M. Waddell,
of North Carolina, was called,
Mr. MAYNABD said: Upon my authority
as a member of this House, I charge that Alfred
M. Waddell, claiming a seat as Representative
from the third district of North Carolina, is
personally disqualified under the third section
of the fourteenth article of the amendments of
the Constitution to hold a seat in this House;
and I object to his being sworn in.
The SPEAKER. Following the course
adopted in the organization of past Houses,
the Chair will first swear in those members
against whom no objection whatever is pre-
sented.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Who makes the objec-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] objects to the swearing
in of Mr. Waddell, of North Carolina.
Mr* ELDRIDGE. Is the gentleman from
Tennessee a member of this House? Has he
been sworn in ?
The SPEAKER. He is a member of the
House. If he were not, the Chair of course
would not recognize him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has he been sworn in?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee clearly has the right to raise this ques-
tion. The gentleman Irom Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldridse] himself has not been sworn in.
[Laughter.] Hence, it would hardly become
him to raise an objectionon such a ground.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have just as good a
right to raise my objection as the gentleman
from Tennessee has to raise his point.
The SPEAKER. Precisely. Both gentle-
men stand in the same position. The case of
Mr. Waddell will be reserved for consideration
after those members not objected to have been
sworn in.
The delegations from Mississippi and Ten-
nessee being last called,
Mr. KERR said: I desire to enter an objec-
tion to the swearing in of the delegation from
Mississippi.
representatives from tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the delegation from Tennessee being sworn in ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to the swear-
ing in of the delegation from the State of
Tennessee upon the ground that the law under
which tbey claim to have been elected has been
repealed, and lhat therefore they were elected
without sanction of law.
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
Tennessee delegation be sworn in ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the cre-
dentials of the delegation from Tennessee be
ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Elections when hereafter appointed.
Mr. DAWES. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] whether
it would not be better, by common consent, to
complete the organization of the House by a
general resolution. Is there any objection to
that proceeding?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that all the members who are not objected to
have now been sworn in.
Mr. DAWES. If there be no objection, I
will offer such a resolution as I have indicated.
Mr. WOOD. I think that this preliminary
question as to the right of members to be
sworn in should first be disposed of, so that
those entitled to be sworn in may participate
in the further proceedings toward organizing
the House. I think it would be well to dis-
pose of these questions before proceeding to
the further election of officers.
