712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
bill favorably. Bat toward Mr. Hamilton I
always held myself as preferring that he would
act his own pleasure and be untrammeled in
his action in the House by any desire and ad-
vice of my own, and this was the attitude we
always bore each to the other in all legislative
matters. But I believe the beginning and end
of my offending has been that I failed to in-
dorse Mr. Hamilton's renomination for Con-
gress. I believed a change to be better for
the party and the State, and I think so yet.
The several papers read by the Clerk are
their own explanation of the whole matter.
Mr. Hamilton, in his affidavit, does not deny
that he made the propositions set forth in Dr.
Osborn's affidavit, but only that he did not
"seriously" proffer his services for a consid-
eration.
In his letter to Dr. Osborn, written two days
after his affidavit was made, he says:
"If you made the statement on file in the Attor-
ney General's Office believing that I ever for a mo-
ment seriously, or that I ever 'directly,' whether
seriously or not, made any proposition whatsoever
to you, or to any of your ' ring,' to further that or
any other scheme, I pity your simplicity."
Mr. Hamilton here, also, in substance,
acknowledges that he made the propositions
covered by Dr. Osborn's affidavit, but inti-
mates the propositions were not made seri-
ously. The proposition, whether made seri-
ously or not, is between these gentlemen, and
a matter with which I have nothing to do.
Evidently Dr. Osborn considered it a serious
business proposition.
For myself, I can say that while Mr. Ham-
ilton was yet a member of Congress, in this
Chamber, while the Senate was in session, he
introduced the subject and said to me that he
was in favor of the bill referred to, and would
vote for it on condition that I would secure
his confirmation as marshal. I then thought
him serious and very direct.
Let it be observed, Mr. President, that I
make Osborn's affidavit public only in self-
defense. I have not sought this opportunity
or desired it. I have made no attack upon
Mr. Hamilton, but have hitherto guarded his
reputation carefully for his own sake and for
the sake of the party of which we are both
members. It was not designed that this paper
should be made public. So far as I have
knowledge, up to this time the only persons
besides the author who have seen or even known
of its existence, except as Mr. Hamilton has
by implication published the fact in his affida-
vit, were the secretary of the company referred
to, the copyist who transcribed it, the Attorney
General, and one member of the Judiciary
Committee, and myself; and because I have
preferred to rest under opprobrium rather than
show to the public the character and deeds of
the man who has attacked me, it has by some
been supposed and assumed that I had no
defense to make. And let it be observed that
Mr. Hamilton not only attacks me, but in his
statement, as published in the Capital of last
Sabbath, he maligns nearly every prominent
Republican and party leader in the State that
has twice honored him by a seat in Congress,
and would, had he been true to his party and
the State, .been gratified to have returned him
to Congress for many years to come.
pbtjtion8 and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
motion to reconsider the resolution offered by
me the other day. The Senator from Califor-
nia desired me to enter the motion, and I did
it at his request. Now, if he will allow me, 1
will withdraw the motion or let a vote be taken
on^on it, whichever course he prefers.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have a word or two to
say about this matter, Mr. President.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to present a petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has moved to proceed to the considera-
tion of the motion to reconsider a resolution
adopted the other day on his motion, which is
the pending motion,
Mr. TIPTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not ex-
pired.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish to present a memo-
rial.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the reception of a petition or anything of that
kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first order
of business is the presentation of petitions
and memorials, if that be insisted upon.
Mr. TIPTON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Nebraska, asking a grant of
land for the endowment of normal schools in
that State ; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nebraska, asking relief for Captain
James Murrie ; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. COLE. I present the petition of Wil-
liam C. Mosher, one of the heirs of John
Mosher, a lieutenant in the revolutionary army,
for commutation pay. The petitioner asserts
that this is a good claim, and he asserts further
that he is the assignee of all the other heirs
of the person mentioned in the petition as
having rendered the services. I propose that
it be referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, as that committee probably has
the most leisure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. According to
the order of the Senate, the petition must be
laid upon the table. The _ Senator from Cali-
fornia, however, asks that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none, and the
petition will be so referred.
■withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That James Tufts, acting Governor and
ex, ojfh-io superintendent of Indian Affairs in Mon-
tana Territory, have permission to withdraw the
papers in his case now on file in the office of the Sec-
retary of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That Emily J. Filer, administratrix, &e.,
be allowed to withdraw her petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of Minerva Lewis, administratrix of the estate
of Ezekiel Lewis, and that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw her petition and all papers and proofs
relating to her claim against the United States.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That the petitions and papers of Mat-
thew Wright, Antoinette Darling, Frank C. Darling,
Clement Wettle, Miner Vanloon, Henry Blackwell,
and Barnard Knowlton, administrator of S. B.
Lowry, be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
hour of meeting.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the daily
hour of the meeting of the Senate hereafter be
twelve o'clock, unless otherwise ordered.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition ?
Mr. ANTHONY. "Unless otherwise or-
dered" is notice, so that the order can be re-
scinded at any time without a day's previous
notice. Is not that the effect of it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been so
held.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island to fix the daily hour of meeting of the
Senate hereafter, during the present session,
at twelve noon, unless otherwise ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
bill introduced.
_ Mr. CONKLING. I desire to introduce a
bill, which I ask may be read twice and laid on
the table, to be referred at the proper time to
the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the restrict-
ive rule bills canuot be introduced at this
session 5 but the Senator from New York asks
unanimous consent that a bill may be intro-
duced, read twice, and laid 011 the table.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (8. No. 315) for the relief
of John M. Lamb, of the State of New York ;
and it was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table.
revision of taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up the
motion to reconsider the resolution adopted
on my motion relative to taxation.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will withdraw tho
motion to reconsider. I thought it but just to
the Senator from California that the motion
should be called up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again put the question, if that be desired.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state why I voted
no. I did so for the purpose of getting up
the resolution of the Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Robertson,] so as to bring before
us the amnesty bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter will take
but a moment, and then I will vote with the
Senator on that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that it
will take but a moment. Have we any assur-
ance of that?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has but a word to say, as I understand.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not occupy but a
few moments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I have no objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will regard the ayes as
having it, unless a division be demanded. The
motion of the Senator from Ohio is agreed to,
and the question is now on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate agreed
to the resolution of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CASSERLY. Even had I much to say,
I would prefer to postpone it rather than that
any delays of mine should prevent the Senator
from South Carolina from proceeding to get
up his bill. I ask the Secretary to read the
resolution.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance is hereby-
instructed, during the recess of Congress, to carefully
examine the existing system of taxation by the Vra-
ted States, with a view to propose such amendments
to the bills of the House of Representatives repeal-
ing certain taxes, now pending in the Senate, us will
simplify, revise, and reduce both the internal taxes
and the duties on imported goods now in force: and
so that the aggregate of such taxes shall not exceed
the sums required to execute thelaws relating to th0
public debt, and to pay the current expenditures of
the brovernment, administered with the strictest
economy; and so that such taxes may be distributed
so as to impose the least possible burden upon tho
people.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the reso-
lution of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
admits that the revenue system of the country,
both as to internal revenue and foreign rev-
enue, requires revision. It admits that it is
unequal, unjust, and oppressive to the people.
The country at large has held those views for
a long time. I am very glad that even now
the chairman of the Committee on Finance
realizes the situation, and proposes during the
recess to have his committee inquire into the
subject with a view to the adjustment of the
whole revenue system on some rational prin-
ciples.
What I wonder at is that the good work has
not been commenced long ago. We had a
protracted session in 1869-70, extending from
December far into last July. Why were not some
measures for revenue reform taken during
that session ofoverseven months ? We have
been sitting here now more than four months,
YVhy was not something done in all that period t
Since the 4th of March we have been here, lim-
ited to a particular class of business. Why
was not some opportunity taken during the
last six weeks to inaugurate the urgent reform
