1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. How many mem-
bers are there objected to?
The SPEAKER. All of the eight members
from Tennessee, the whole five from Missis-
sippi, and Mr. Waddell, the gentleman elected
from the third district of North Carolina—four-
teen in all.
'Mr. KERR. If it be the pleasure of the
House, 1 would like to be heard in reference
to the right of the gentlemen from Tennessee
to be.fsworn in.
The SPEAKER. The case of the Tennessee
delegation will be regarded as the first ques-
tion pending. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] moves that the credentials of
those claiming seats as Representatives from
Tennessee be referred to the^ Committee of
Elections when hereafter appointed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I present and ask the
Clerk to read the remonstrance which I send
to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
The undersigned, a citizen of the State of Tennes-
see and of the United States of America, respect-
fully protests against the admission to seats in the
llousc of Representatives of the Forty-Second Con-
gress of the tollowing-named persons claiming seats
therein as Representatives Irom the State ot Ten-
nessee, namely : R. K. Butler. Horace Maynard, A.
E. Garrett, John M. Bright, E. J. G-olladay, W. C.
Witthorne, 11. P. Caldwell, and W. W. Vaughan, and
submit the following grounds of protest:
Tuese gentlemen were notelected according to the
laws of the State of Tennessee relating to the elec-
tion of Representatives in Congress, in force at the
date of the pretended election, by virtue of which
they claim admission to seats.
They claim to have been chosen on the 8th day of
November, A. D. 1870, whereas the law then in force
required that the election of Representatives in
Congress from said State should be held on the 1st
Thursday of August in the present year, which will
clearly appear from the following statement:
In the year 1858 a code for said State was en-
acted which provided by section eight hundred and
twenty-five of title six, chapter two, article three,
that elections lor Representatives in Congress from
said State should beheld on the first Thursday of
August of each alternate year, dating from August,
1835. This provision of the code remained in force
until the 28th day of February, 1868, when an act
was passed by the Legislature of said State fixing
the date of election tor Representatives in Congress
on the first Monday in November of every secoud
year, beginning with November, 1868; which act
remained in force until the Kith day of June. 1870,
when another act on the subject was passed by the
General Assembly of said State, the third section
of which last-named act expressly revives and re-
enacts title six, chapter two, article three of the
code, and restores thefire<tThursday in Augustas the
date for the election of Representatives in Congress
from said State; and section five of said act repeals
all lonner laws in conflict with t-aid act; and this
last-mentioned net was in force at the date of said
pretended election on the 8th day of November,
1870, and so remains in force to this day.
The laws above referred to and cited are in the
words and figures following. Section eight hundred
and twenty-live, title six, chapLer two, articlethree,
is as follows; . t . „ _
"825. Ail popular elections m this State shall be
held at the following times:" * * * * .
"2. For Governor of the State, Representatives in
Congress, and members of the General Assembly, on
the first Thursday in August every second year,
counting tioni the first Thursday in August, 1835."
Section one of act of February 28,1808, is as fol-
"Section 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of
the State of Tennessee. That the next election of Rep-
resentatives to the Congress of the United States
from the State of Tennessee shalL be on the -Tues-
day next after the first Monday in November, lobe,
and on the first Tuesday after the first Monday m
November every second year thereafter."
Sections three and five of act of June 16,1870, are
as follows:
"Sec. 3. lie it enacted. That title six, chapter two,
articles three, four, five, six, seven, and eight of
the Code of Tenneesee, relating to elections by the
people, be, and the same are hereby, reenacted and
revived, except as altered or repealed by this act.
" Sec. 5. Ueitenact/d, Thatalllawsincoiiflictwitn
this act are hereby repealed."
Therefore, for these and other reasons not herein
specified, the undersigned humbly protests against
the admission to seats in the House of Represent-
atives of the Forty-Second Congress of the above-
named persons.
W. P. PROSSER.
Mr. WOOD. What is the question before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon referring the credentials of the
Tennessee members to the Committee of Elec-
tions hereafter to be appointed.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, that they be now sworn in as members
of the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have the floor, and
do not yield to that motion.
The SPEAKEIi. That would be the natural
result of negativing the pending motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, it ap-
pears from the memorial and the statutes there-
in cited that the law in force and governing
the election of Representatives in Congress
from the State of Tennessee at the time when
this pretended election was held provided that
the election should be held for Representa-
tives in the Forty-Second Congress in the
month of August next. This pretended elec-
tion was held in November last. This case
presents a singular illustration of the folly
of hot haste in legislation. The Legislature
of the State of Tennessee repealed by a sweep-
ing measure a large body of laws which had
been enacted by prior Legislatures and revived
a body of old laws by wholesale. I do not
wish to argue this question now, nor have I
any desire to preclude a decision of it by the
House on full consideration hereafter, and I
will yield to any gentleman who may desire to
move that this memorial, with the credentials
of the gentlemen claiming to be Representa-
tives from the State of Tennessee, be referred
to the Committee of Elections when appointed.
I wish to add that I have no objection to these
gentlemen being sworn in, subject to the decis-
ion of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let that be done.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend the
motion of my colleague from Ohio so that the
delegation from Tennessee may be now sworn
in, and that the memorial and the creden-
tials of these gentlemen from Tennessee be
referred to the' Committee of Elections when
appointed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I accept that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the
motion, as amended, was adopted.
The delegation from Tennessee was then
sworn in.
MISSISSIPPI DELEGATION.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on the swearing in of the Mississippi delega-
tion. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
objects.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I will state as
briefly as 1 can the grounds of objection which
we on this side of the House make at the present
time to the admission of gentlemen claiming
seats here from the State ot Mississippi to the
credentials which those gentlemen present at
the bar of the House and upon which they ask
now to be sworn in. These credentials, we
respectfully submit, do not constitute in any
just and legal sense prima facie evidence
of title to seats upon this floor. They are in
all respects a novelty in our country, anoma-
lous in character, extraordinary in form and in
origin ; and in order that the House may better
understand why it is I object to swearing in
these gentlemen now I will ask the Clerk to
read any one of the certificates of this dele-
gation which he holds in his hand. If I mis-
take not, its terms will grate strangely, if not
harshly, upon the ears of members.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headqeartebs Fourth Military District,
Department of Mississippi,
Jackson, Mississippi, January 14,1870.
I hereby certify that at an election h l.l in the State
of Mississippi on the 30th of November and 1st of
December, 1869, for the ratification of the, constitu-
tion ot said State and for the election of members
of Congress, the said constitution was ratified ; that
article twelve, section twenty-five, of said constitu-
tion is as follows: , . .
'* Representatives m Congress to fill the existing
vacancies shall be elected at the same time the
constitution is submitted to the electors of the State
for ratification and for the full term next succeed-
ing their election, and thereafter elections for Rep-
resentatives in Congress shall be held biennially.
The fir.-t election shall be held on the first luesday
after the first Monday in November preceding the
expiration ol said full term.'' .
And that at said election, under section twenty-
five, article twelve of the constitution, Iiegrand W.
Perce was elected a member of the Forty-Second
Congress of the United States of America from the
fifth congressional distriet of Mississippi.
ADELBERT AMES,
Brevet Major General U. 8. A., Commanding.
[l. s.]
Attest: .EAMES LYNCH,
• Provisional Secretary of State.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, prior to the 25th
day of May, 1868, what was called a constitu-
tional convention was organized in the State
of Mississippi under one of the reconstruction
laws enacted by Congress. On the 25 th day of
that mouth that constitutional convention com-
pleted the work of framing the constitution,
and the adoption of that instrument borfe
date on that day. By one section of the sched-
ule of the constitution it was required that
on the 22d day "of June, and the next two
following days, an election should be held in
the State of Mississippi, for the ratification or
rejection of that constitution. On those days
an election was held, and, byadecided major-
ity of the people of that State they rejected
that constitution, so framed and submitted to
them.
Another section of the schedule provided
that a certain committee of five should be
appointed and have authority, in the event of
the rejection of that constitution, to reassem-
ble that constitutional convention to the end
that they might proceed to frame another con-
stitution and submit it to the people of Missis-
sippi. After the rejection of the one to which
I have referred that committee of five never
assembled, never reconvened that convention,
and no steps were ever taken in pursuance of
the laws or the constitution of Mississippi, by
that committee or by anybody else, to give
vitality or validity to that constitution. But-—
and I hope gentlemen will now give me their
particular attention—on the 10th day of April
thereafter, 1869, a little over one month after
the organization of the Forty-First Congress,
the Congress of the United States enacted a
law by which they declared that that rejected
constitution of Mississippi, without the consent
of its people, should be again submitted for
ratification or rejection to the people of Mis-
sissippi ; not in pursuance of the laws or the
constitution of that State, but under the con-
trol of the military authorities of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and that that
election should be ordered by the President,
by a sort of military proclamation, as a mili-
tary act; thatit should be conducted by military
officers; that it should be held by persons to
be appointed by the military commander of
the State ; and that the result of that election
should be certified by the commander of that
district. The local authorities of the State
had no agency or part in the election. The
local laws and code of the State were en-
tirely ignored by the Federal and military
authorities. The rights and qualifications of
electors under the State laws and constitution
of Mississippi were not respected. But other
and different rights and qualifications were
prescribed.
It is in pursuance of the law so enacted by
Congress, quite outside of any authority of
the people of Mississippi, that these, papers
come before us to-day. But, Mr. Speaker,
what did that law of Congress direct? I in-
vite the attention of gentlemen to the fourth
section of the act to which 1 have referred,
which may be found on page 41 of the Acts of
the first session of the Forty-First Congress.
That section directs—
"That the President of the United States may in
like manner resubmit the constitution of Missis-
sippi to the voters of said State at sach time and
in such manner as he may direct, either the entire
constitution, or separate provisions 01 the same, as
provided in the first section of this act, to a separate
vote; and at the same election the voters may vote tor
and elect the members of the Legislature and a!li the
State officers provided for m said constitution, and
members of Congress."
This law was enacted about one month after
the organization of the Forty-First Congress,
