1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
of the revenue which this resolution contem-
plates and admits to be necessary ?
No, sir, no time has been found for the great
subjects of revenue reform and general relief
to an overburdened and oppressed people. All
the time that was required was found by the
majority here to consider for days together
partisan measures, to pass an extraordinary
bill for which no public necessity was shown
to exist upon the facts truly stated, but which
was put through here upon a showing of facts
grossly exaggerated, for the purpose of foment-
ing a feeling to sustain a bill that is without
any warrant in the Constitution.
Sir, the time so badly spent upon such evil
schemes might well have been devoted to the
subject of the resolution of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. It is a good resolu-
tion. Though it comes late, yet it is better late
than never. It would have been much better
had it come much earlier. I am glad the
Senator from Ohio, whose influence here in
the field of revenue reform none is more free
to acknowledge than myself, proposes at last
to give the weight of his place and of his posi-
tion to a reform so much needed.
I have not asked for a reconsideration merely
to make these very obvious remarks. The
resolution has not been printed, and when I
last heard it read it struck me that it did not
contemplate the reform of the tariff as well as
of the internal revenue. I see now that though
the first part of the resolution is ambiguous on
the point, the ambiguity is cleared up by the
latter sentence, which does in term3 point to the
revenue from duties as well as that from inter-
nal taxation. Consequently I shall offer no
objection to the resolution now ; I should not
have interposed any except for the misappre-
hension which I have just mentioned, and
which the reading of the resolution a moment
ago has corrected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I exercised what I re-
garded as a due courtesy to a Senator in sus-
pending the action of the Senate on this reso-
lution on my own motion to reconsider, but I
did not expect that the Senator from California
would take advantage of that courtesy to lec-
ture either the Senate or myself for a neglect
of public duty, or to make any party allusions.
There is nothing in this resolution that affects
parties at all.
The tax list has constantly been the subject
of revision. We have, from time to time, re-
duced taxation. During the war the taxation
was very heavy ; and year in and year out, at
every long session of Congress, we have reduced
and revised taxation since the close of the war.
When the Senator requested that this matter
might be suspended for a little while on a
motion to reconsider to allow him to make
some remarks, I supposed he intended to
make some objection to the resolution; but
instead of that he has availed himself of this
courtesy merely to complain that I have not
done this thing before, or that this Congress
have neglected their business or have violated
the Constitution or have passed laws that are
unworthy for them to pass, &c.
Now, Mr. President, I do not wish to enter
into a debate of that kind or to reply in any
such spirit. It struck me as out of place and,
under all the circumstances, as rather extra-
ordinary. So far as the consumption of time
is concerned in this body, I am willing to com-
pare my consumption of time with that of the
Senator from California, and, considering the
positions he and I occupy in the Senate, I
think the comparison would be rather in my
favor. But, waiving that, this resolution was
introduced without any party view and with
the purpose of directing the Committee on
Finance to consider the general subject of our
taxation, with a view to reduce as rapidly as
possible the burden of taxes. It met the
hearty assent and approval of the only mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance who belongs
to the Democratic party. There was no lan-
guage in it that could possibly bear any polit-
ical allusion or reference. It was simply an
honest effort on the part of the Committee on
Finance to ask the attention of the committee
to the general subject of a revision of the
taxes for the future action of the Senate.
I now withdraw the motion to reconsider,
which I interposed merely for the purpose of
enabling the Senator from California to be
heard.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator will
not withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel that it is my duty
to withdraw it under all the circumstances.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I renew it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that the
Senator can do that; but I do not make any
point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion to recon-
sider cannot be withdrawn without consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not withdraw it at
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider is still before the Seuate.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ohio
is not just in accusing me of being discour-
teous. Let me remind him that when he intro-
duced his resolution I objected to it. The next
day I happened to be out of the Senate for ten
minutes after the hour of meeting, engaged in
the joint Committee on Printing on business
of special importance and urgency. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthotty,] the
chairman of that committee, remembers the
circumstances. I did suppose that I might
remain from my seat for ten minutes with
safety. I took that course. Upon coming into
the Senate Chamber I understood that the res-
olution had been acted on in my absence. I
also understood, however, that the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Shehma.it,] at the time of the
passage of the resolution, had stated that, if I
objected, his resolution should be reconsidered,
and that was about the substance of the report
in the Globe the next morning.
I have not the Globe at hand, but that is my
recollection. If I am wrong, I desire to be
corrected. That left the reconsideration as a
matter of right with me, not as a matter of
courtesy. The Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] at the time of the passage of the res-
olution had a distinct understanding with the
Senator from Ohio. Had it been otherwise,
I know the Senator from Ohio while 1 was
absent for a few minutes would not have sought
the passage of a resolution to which he knew
that I objected the day before. Of course I
acquit him, in advance, of any purpose of that
kind. If he will recall the facts he will see
that the reconsideration was not a question of
courtesy at all, but was a matter ol clear and
conceded right. There was no courtesy to
abuse, and my remarks were within my right.
The Senator moved the reconsideration, it is
true; but I would have moved it myself had
he not done so.
Mr. COLE. May I interrupt my colleague?
Mr. CASSERLY. No. I will be through
in a moment; and consequently the Senator,
I know, will not complain if I prefer to go on.
I trust whilel am here I shallnever be found
wanting in courtesy, though at times I have had
but scant measure of it myself; I will not say
from the Senator from Ohio, but from other
Senators. The Senator has spoken of the dif-
ference in our positions, in reference to a com-
parison of the time consumed by us both. I
do not know of any difference between the
position of one Senator and another here.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to say that it was not personal position that I
referred to; but I occupy the position of chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, and I have
sometimes had to occupy time for that com-
mittee, and not for myself merely as a Senator.
That was the reference I intended to make.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator seems to
have misunderstood me on the point. I spoke
of the time wasted by his party on partisan
legislation. I did not complain of the length
of time occupied by him. I concede that he
occupies but little time, considering, as he says,
the duties cast upon him by virtue of his posi-
tion in his party and in the Senate as the chair-
man of one of its most important committees.
I have never challenged the consumption of
time by that Senator, or, indeed, by any other
Senator on this floor. My complaint was
directed to the fact that the Senator and his
party here had sacrificed the great public
necessities for revenue reform to debate and
legislation for partisan purposes. Having now
recalled the facts to the Senator from Ohio, I
am sure he will not insist that I was wauting
in courtesy, and will fully agree that it was
my right to act and speak precisely as I did
under the circumstances.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio withdraw the motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not now; the Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] wishes to speak
for a moment.
Mr. COLE. I understand my colleague now
to make his point against the Senator from
Ohio as neglecting to let the resolution go over
because of the understanding that my colleague
was opposed to the resolution ; but it turns out
that he was not opposed to it; that he is in
favor of it, and the proposition to reconsider
was not for the purpose of opposing it in any
sense, but evidently for the sole purpose of in-
dulging in some remarks against the Republican
party.
Mr. CASSERLY. But the Senator did not
understand me, I think. I stated that as I had
formerly heard this resolution read it appeared
to me that it did not cover the case of foreign
duties; and it was not until I heard it this morn-
ingthatl found that misapprehension. Ishould
have moved to correct the resolution in that
point had I found my first impression justified.
Mr. COLE. It was open to the Senator's
observation at any time that day or the next
day, and he could have mentioned that little
fact, if it had been a fact, to the mover of the
resolution, after one moment's observation, at
any time. The resolution could have been seen
at any time at the Clerk's desk and its correct
purport have been determined by the Senator.
But my colleague certainly overlooks some
important facts in connection with the Repub-
lican party. He overlooks, it seems to me,
the fact that as the result of the great economy
of that party, of the numerous actual reforma-
tions that have been effected by that party, a
large surplus revenue is accruing, which is
applied to the payment of the public debt from
time to time. If he will look back at the his-
tory of his own party, he will find that even in
periods of great prosperity and profound peace
the country was running in debt, and that, too,
when we were raising large amounts of reve-
nue ; and I am sure he ought not, and he could
not if he were to undertake it, indulge in any
unfavorable comparison between his own party
and that which controls the Government at
present.
I am in favor of this resolution, because I
believe that the taxes and tariffs can be re-
duced, and I earnestly hope that the Commit-
tee on Finance will, during the summer, pro-
vide some measure for the abolition of the
most objectionable of the taxes that we are
now compelled to pay. Among them I would
include, as most prominent, the income tax,
which can yield no large revenue as it is now
levied ; and in addition to that, I see no rea-
son why we cannot dispense with the duties on
coal and salt, and likewise on sugar and tea,
the way the Government is running now. I
am sure we are tending in the direction of
economy all the while. We are growing more
and more economical as an administration.
Notwithstanding the great amount of reduction
that has been made already and that is now
operating on the country, the revenue seems
to be kept up, and the surplus above the neces-
sary expenditures even continues large, and we
can with our present economical tendency very
