1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0
gentleman had desired to contest the seat of
any one of these claimants, he would have been
compelled to give his notice, take his testimony,
and fully make up his record iu the case over
a year before there could be a Congress in
existence to hear and determine the case.
It appears to me, Mr. Speaker, that in any
aspect of the facts touching these cases there
was a palpable, gross, and intentional excess
of authority committed by General Ames in
issuing the certificates. The law of Congress
of April, 1869, the only authority under which
he acted, gives no color of propriety or right
to what he has done. If under that act he
could thus elect members for two Congresses,
he could with equal reason have awarded these
gentlemen certificates for membership in the
Forty Third Congress. Under such a system
of military dictation elections become a mock-
ery, the sacred right of representation is sacri-
ficed to selfish ambition, the most important
interests and precious privileges of the people
are trifled with, if not destroyed, and free insti-
tutions put in imminent peril.
Mr. Speaker, I have said this much by way
of entering an earnest and solemn protest, on
behalf of the minority of this House, against
the great wrong which, by the admission of
these gentlemen, will be perpetrated against
the right of representation iu this country, and
against the right of the several constituencies
iu question, and the rights and liberties of the
people of Mississippi. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
message mom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, transmitted the following
■ extracts from its Journal:
In Senate of the United States,
March 4,1871.
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that a quorum of the Senate has
assembled, and that the Senate is ready to proceed
to business.
In Senate of the United States,
March 4.1871.
Remhed, That a committee consisting of two
members be appointed to join such committee as
may be appointed by the House of Representatives,
to wait upon the President of the United States and
inform him that a quorum of each House is assem-
bled, and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may bo pleased to make.
Ordered, That Mr. Hamlin and Mr. Bayard be
the said committee.
representatives from mississippi.
The House resumed the consideration of the
case of those claiming seats as Representatives
from Mississippi.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the mem-
bers from the State of Mississippi be now
sworn in, and their credentials as Represent-
atives in the Forty-Second Congress be re-
ferred to the Coinmitt<#of Elections hereafter
to be appointed. In support of this motion, I
ask the attention of the House for a very few
moments in reply to what has fallen from the
lips of the honorable gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerb.]
For the first time in ail my experience iu
Congress the gentleman has challenged abso-
lutely the existence of a State that comes
here with a full delegation, under a constitution
of government approved by the Congress of
the United States. One of the most remarkable
utterances that I have ever heard on this floor
is that of the honorable gentleman from Indi-
ana, that because the people of Mississippi,
in 1868, did, by a majority of their votes,
reject the constitution presented that year by
their convention, therefore they had no right
afterward, in 1869, to affirm that constitution
by a vote of seventy thousand majority.
Sir, if there is any right in this country dear
to the people above all other rights it is the
right of the people of a State of this Union,
under the authority of law, national and State,
to adopt for themselves a constitution of gov-
ernment republican inform. One half of the
States of the Union represented on this floor,
I undertake to say, never ratified their consti-
tution of government by so triumphant a vote
as did the people of Mississippi ratify this very
constitution in the year 1869. That being so,
the gentlemen's logic results necessarily in
this: that the State of Mississippi, having no
constitution of government, under no possible
condition of things has any right to representa-
tion either in the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States. It is in vain
the gentleman attempts to conceal this conclu-
sion by any reference to the irregularity of
the election of the members claiming seats.
I trust, sir, the day is past for challenging
the right of any State in this Union to repre-
sentation on the floor of Congress, when her
Representatives present themselves with cer-
tificates prima facie entitling them to seats,
unless the persons so presenting themselves
should be challenged as disqualified under
the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
That, sir, is my position to-day; and I mean
to stand by it to the end, no matter to which
party benefit may inure by my action. I shall
stand by it because I am bound by the obliga-
tion of my oath to see that the rights of the
States, under the Constitution and laws of the
country, shall be equal. This is my answer to
the gentleman from Indiana, touching the con-
stitution of Mississippi. Having the right to
pass upon it, Congress has passed upon it and
approved it.
But, says the gentleman, because under this
constitution of Mississippi the election was
held in 1869 for members of Congress to two
several terms of office, therefore the election
as to the second term is void. The gentle-
man's language was very general. It could
scarcely escape' the notice of the House that
if the exception which he took to the form
of the ballot (and how he came by his in-
formation I know not) rendered the ballot
ineffective and void for the Forty-Second Con-
gress, I undertake to say that the gentleman
himself is in the same category and ought to
be challenged. Never in my life was I voted for
by ballot for a specific Congress printed upon
the ballot. The ballot has uniformly read, as
in the case supposed by the gentleman, "for
Congress;" and the law determines for what
Congress the candidate is elected.
The constitution of Mississippi, which was
the law of the elections for Congress in Missis-
sippi, provides in the twenty-fifth section of
article twelve that—
" Representatives in Congress to fill thft existing
vacancies shall be elected at the sametime tins con-
stitution is submitted to the electors of the State for
ratification and for the full term next succeeding
their election, and thereafter elections for Repre-
sentatives in Congress shall be held biennially. The
first oleclion shall beheld on the first Tuesday after
the first Monday in November preceding the expira-
tion of said lull term."
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. I would like to know how the
gentleman explains this part of the law of April
10, 1869, under which this election was held:
"At the same election the voters may vote for and
elect all the members of the Legislature and ail the
State officers provided for in said constitution, and
members of Congress."
Now, the electors might as well have voted
for members for three Congresses or four Con-
gresses as for two. The law, beyond all ques-
tion, required members to be elected for one
Congress. That is the whole extent and mean-
ing of this law; and when they have served for
one Congress their right under that election
and under the law is exhausted.
Mr. BINGHAM. The astutegentleman from
Indiana ought to have been able to answer his
own question. He must take the whole of the
fourth section of the act of 1869 into consider-
ation when he undertakes to construe it. Being
a lawyer, and a good one, he knows that one
of the canons of construction never to be lost
sight of is to give effect, if possible, to every
word of the written law. Now, sir, the very
section from which the gentleman read, section
four of the act of April 10, 1809 —
_ A Member. Eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; 1869. That sec-
tion says that the President of the United
States may in like manner submit the consti-
tution of Mississippi to the voters of said Stats
at such time and in such manner as he may
direct, either the entire constitution or sepa-
rate provisions of the same. In his proclama-
tion the President submitted the entire consti-
tution, but separately submitted several sec-
tions of it. This twenty-fifth section, how-
ever, was not separately submitted, but was
adopted and approved by the people as of the
body of the constitution. What further? The
act of 1869 provides that at the same election
the voters may vote for members oftheLegis--
lature, and for such officers provided for in
the State constitution and members of Con-
gress. The election of members to the Forty-
Second Congress was expressly provided for-
in the same twenty-fifth section of the-con-
stitution of Mississippi. The act of Con-
gress, therefore, of 1869, providing for the
election of members of Congress in Missis-
sippi, must be construed as intended to carry
out this provision of the State constitution for
the election of members of Congress. Surely,
sir, the people of Mississippi were, by the act
of 1869 of Congress, and by. their own consti-
tution, authorized to select members for the
Forty-Second Congress of the United States.
Again, I ask the House to consider what the
constitution of Mississippi provides. It pro-
vides. as I remarked before, that Representa-
tives in Congress to fill the existing vacancies'
shall be elected at the same time that this con-
stitution is submitted to the electors of that State
for ratification, and also for Representatives
in Congress for the full term next succeeding
that election. In other words, sir, the consti-
tution of the State of Mississippi provided for
an election to fill the existing vacancies in Con-
gress in 1869, and for an election at the same
time for the next succeeding Congress; that is
to say, for the Forty-Second Congress. Does
the gentleman undertake to tell me, if a va-
cancy happens next month in the delegation
from Irfdiana, it is not competent for Indiana
to fill that vacancy by a special election 1 Does
he undertake to tell me, if such vacancy hap-
pens at the next regular election for members
of Congress the people of Indiana cannot at
that same election and at the same ballot-box
elect the same man to fill the vacancy and to
fill the term in the next succeeding Congress?
It is too late to raise a question of that kind
in this country.
Mr. MERCUR. My colleague [Mr. Dickey]
was elected in that way.
Mr. BINGIIAM. My friend from Pennsyl-
vania tells me that such was the case with his
colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey.]
It is too late to raise that question. There is
no color of excuse for it; none whatever.
Mr. KERR. I desire to add one word. In
all those cases to which my friend from Ohio
refers every gentleman was elected in precise
pursuance of existing law requiring the elec-
tion to fill the vacancy, and was voted for the
vacancy and for the full term in accordance
with the law of the State. But that is not this
case.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is nothing before
the House to show that any member of the
Mississippi delegation was not voted for in
strict pursuance of the twenty-fifth section of
the constitution of the State of Mississippi.
The words of the twenty-fifth section of that
constitution are plain, clear, and distinct that
at the same election the State of Mississippi
shall choose members of Congress to fill the
existing vacancy and also for the next succeed-
ing term: that is, for the Forty- Second Con-
Mr. KERB. The returns made by General
