1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
Mr. RAMSEY. When does the Senator
propose to adjourn ?
Mr. SAWYER. When we get through the
public business. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. When will that be, will the
Senator be pleased to inform us?
Mr. SAWYER. Not certainly until we have
passed this very important bill, to go with the
one that passed yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Robertson.]
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the merits
of an amnesty bill are not now 
Mr. ROBERTSON'. I object to the honor-
able Senator discussing the merits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
New York has not'yet spoken of the merits
so that the Chair could interpose.
Mr. CONKLING. T am glad my friend
from South Carolina agrees with me in one
point. I was trying to make him believe, and
it seems he is converted, that the merits of
the question of amnesty were not before the
Senate ; and I was going to add that it is not
worth while for anybody, however zealous in
favor of amnesty, to try to put those who
think this is an inopportune moment in the
attitude of being partisans upon that question
one way or the other.
We are told that there is no purpose to
press this bill to-day, no purpose to press the
bill ou Monday. What is the reason, then,
what is the sense of pressing this motion?
The Senate after considerable deliberation,
and after having been accused by some of cur
Democratic friends of obeying the dictates of a
consultation or caucus on that subject, adopted
a rule confining the business of this session
to certain subjects. Now, perhaps, and very
likely, the occasion has arisen to change that
rule; but what is the point of doing it to-day,
on Saturday, unexpectedly, as I say? What
is the use of it?
Look at the Senate, Mr. President. How
many southern Senators are there here? And
how many Senators do not know that many of
the Senators from the South said yesterday
they would be compelled to be away on this
day, for a reason which I need not repeat,
although I have heard it stated on the floor,
they being bound to see to something which
was occurring at a distance from here ; and a
number of them have gone. See how many
other Senators have gone away. And what is
the use of seizing on this particular day thus to
change this rule? That is the question. I
have not heard any reason assigned at all.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will give the Senator
my reason if he will allow me to do so.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. ROBERTSON. My reason is that the
friends of this bill wish to discuss it. It is well
known that several days ago, four or five days
ago, 1 gave notice that I would bring this bill
up immediately after the passage of the bill
which was then under consideration. That
time has come, and I ask the friends of this
bill to stand by it now, to bring the matter up
and let it be discussed to-day. I do not ask
for a vote to-day. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will repeat what I said a few
moments ago, that I am willing that the vote
shall be taken at some time when a full Sen-
ate can be brought together. I do not ask
that the bill be passed when the Senate is
thin.
Mr. CONKLING. -Nobody can have sat
here, as I have done, for sis weeks, making
no speech himself, without feeling keenly the
jiep'l of some discussion in the Senate of the
United States. [Laughter.] If we could, by
abrogating this rule, or in some other way, have
a wholesome discussion here, which should be
free to all, I think, with my friend, it would be
desirable, without much reference to the sub-
ject to which that discussion might relate. But
if this rule is to be abrogated, and if it is done
by a vote of the Senate when the Senate is full,
the discussion will be as brief as it will if it is
done otherwise; and if the purpose is not to
proceed to-day, then in spite of the statement
which my friend has made, which is as good a
statement as I think can be made on that side,
I shall have to repeat the question, what rea-
son is there for acting upon this to-day ?
The colleague of the mover of this resolution
said a few moments ago that it was.understood
yesterday that the special object or one special
object of sitting to-day was to consider this
question. I beg to say to that Senator, having
been somewhat anxious myself and a little
active in regard to it, having asked some Sen-
ators to vote to adjourn until to-day that we
might save the day, I assigned a good many
times the reasons which I heard assigned by
others for having a session to-day. I stated,
as the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] had stated in open session,
that he h&d matters in executive session which
be wanted disposed of, and I referred to other
matters in executive session which I heard Sen-
ators wished a disposition of. I had none my-
self, but I represented what others said to me;
and in the course of all the conversation and
suggestion on the subject, it never once reached
my ears that this subject was to be considered
to-day, and it was so very generally talked
about, particularly in the central part of the
Chamber, in this aisle, where much of the con-
versation went on, that I wonder I did not
hear it. For my own part, I am taken by sur
prise. I could name a number of Senators who
are not here, and who would have been here
to-day had they understood that this vote was
to be taken, who feel quite as much interest in
it as the honorable Senator does.
Now, I think the better way, and I suggest
it to my friend—the Senator from Ohio made
the suggestion in substance—would be, «s no
time is to be lost, to allow this day to be de-
voted to the purpose for which this session
occurred, in the judgment of many of those, at
any rate, who voted for it, and on Monday let
this question be taken up and acted upon by a
full Senate, when, among others, so many of
the colleagues from the South of my friend
from South Carolina will have returned, as
they have gone to be absent only to-day, I am
instructed. Certainly no time can be lost, no
harm can come ; and I think we can proceed
much more judiciously than we can by taking
an unexpected vote in a very thin Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish my friend, the
Senator from South Carolina, would allow this
bill to go over until Monday. lie is certainly
aware that nearly all of the Senators from the
southern States have gone to New York upon
business very important to the interests of the
South ; and he must know, also, that those gen-
tlemen would like to be here when this ques-
tion is considered. I am very desirous to get
some little matters belonging to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations passed to-day, if
possible, in executive session, and there are
a number of nominations of the President to
be acted upon. I think we can close this busi-
ness to-day in a short time, and then we can
adjourn, and come back here o&Jlonday and
take up this bill. " m
I am very much inclined to vote for the bill
of the Senator from South Carolina ; and I am
free to say that when I do so I am giving up
the prejudices probably of long years. I have
some very unpleasant associations connected
with the war, and those unpleasant feelings
I attribute to some bad acts of the people of
the South. However, I am very much inclined
to overlook all that, because I believe that no
good comes tu either individuals or nations
by remembering the bad acts of individuals or
communities; but I should greatly prefer to
have time to think about it until Monday. Not
only those gentlemen from the South but other
Senators left last night with the belief that
nothing but the ordinary business of the session
would be taken up to day. Now I appeal to
the Senator from South Carolina, as one who
has some right to appeal to him, to allow this
matter to lie over until Monday.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to correct an
error into which my friend from Pennsylvania
has fallen, as also my friend from New York,
that most of the southern Senators are absent.
Ou looking over the Chamber I find at least
three fourths of them here. Both the Senators
from Virginia are here, both the Senators from
Florida are here, the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] is here, both the Senators from
South Carolina are here, the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Ames] is here. The Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] is sick, and
that accounts for his absence. In fact, I think
all are here with one or two exceptions. If
those Senators are absent it is no fault of
mine, no fault of other Senators who are here
in attendance upon the Senate. I insist on the
motion to take up the resolution. I repeat, I
do not ask for a vote on the bill itself to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that there
is an effort, and I hope all the friends of am-
nesty will see it, and doubtless they do, to pre-
vent action on this subject. Now, we are in a
condition where there is an anxiety to adjourn.
Senators around me are expecting to adjourn
in the early days of next week. This rule is
in the way of doing any business on this sub-
ject. The object now is to change the rule so
as to consider the question of amnesty. It is
not for the purpose of passing au amnesty bill
to-day, but it is merely to change the rule so
that we can consider the subject. If that ques-
tion goes over until Monday it will be fought
again; there will be opposition to changing
the rule on Monday; we shall lose that day;
and if we should succeed in the effort, so as to
be able to change the rule by Tuesday, we
should do very well. If it goes over until next
week, and the bill be called up 011 Tuesday, it
can be read but once on that day, and that
puts it over until Wednesday before you can
get action upon it. By that time you will see
a pressure for an adjournment of Congress. _
Now, if there is a disposition to act on this
subject, let us change the rule to-day, so that
we can have this bill read a second time, and
put it in a condition where it can be considered
next week. It cannot be passed to-day with-
out unanimous consent. Nobody expects it
to pass to-day. I hope the friends of this
measure will insist that we take up this resolu-
tion of the Senator from South Carolina to-
day, and put this bill in a shape where it can
be considered at some time this session, and
where it will not be in the power of a small
minority to defeat any action upon it. That
is the object; and I trust that its friends will
vote together on this bill, that there will be no
misunderstanding. If it is intended ever to
act on this subject, I assure them, if they let
the occasion go by to get a change of this rule,
it is very doubtful whether they will get any
action this session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there could
be a general understanding that there should
he no final vote upon this measure until after
the measure that passed the Senate yesterday
shall be acted upon, I should have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. CONKLING. Finally acted upon.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I agree to that, so fat-
as I am concerned.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then, if the
Senator will allow me, I will present an amend-
ment to the resolution which will secure that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
can be entertained only by unanimous consent.
The motion is to proceed 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it until we
get the resolution up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It isan amend-
ment to the proposition now ponding and is in
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must,
however, state to the Senator from Vermont
that, by the uniform ruling, a motion to pro
ceed to the consideration of any particular
