10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Ame3 do not show that they were ever voted
for.
Mr. BrNGHAM. The certificates show ex-
pressly that they were elected to the Forty-
Second Congress under the constitution and
la>va of that State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to have the
House- understand exactly ray position on this
question. According to the traditions of the
liepublic, when persons come to the bar of this
House as Representatives of organized States,
■with a prima facie case of election, and whose
personal qualifications are not challenged, it
is not usual to deny their admission for the
discharge of their duties upon this floor; but
it is usual, on the contrary, to admit them and
allow them to be sworn in, and if a question
arises, such as that suggested by the gentle-
man from Indiana, to wit, as irregularity in
the election, it is referred uniformly to the
Committee of Elections to ascertain the facts
and report the law and facts to the House, so
that the House may act understanding^ and
intelligibly. Mr. Speaker, if we were to adopt
any other rule, it might result very readily in
this: you could not organize the House beyond
a mere quorum, a bare majority. I submit to
the intelligence of the House, by adopting any
such rule as that suggested by the gentleman
from Indiana you put it in the power of a
mere majority at any time in the progress of
the organization of the House to reject from
representation upon this floor States having a
republican form of government under the Con-
stitution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether, if these same men had been
voted for as members of the Forty-Fifth Con-
'gress at the_ same time, they might not claim
their seats in that Congress by virtue of this
election with the same propriety as they now
come here'/
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all. I am utterly
surprised at the gentleman raising any such
question, because there would be no law any-
where to sustain such election. The consti-
tution of Mississippi declares that after the elec-
tion to the next Congress, that is, to the Forty-
Second Congress, Representatives to Congress
should thereafter be chosen biennially. The
case, therefore, supposed by the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. 1£i,diudgb] could not
possibly arise under that constitution, and 1
may add under the constitution of any State
of the Union.
Again, the Constitution of the United States
expressly requires that members of Congress
shall be chosen every second year. Of course
the Constitution of the United States is to take
effect, in this behalf after the State is admitted
to representation. And that is precisely the
case with Mississippi this day. It was admitted
to representation in 1870, and biennially there-
after there is to be an election of members of
Congress.
Mr. KLDfUDGR. Then I submit to my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that this con-
stitution ot the State of Mississippi, especially
the clause to which he refers, is in direct vio-
lation of the Federal Constitution, and that it
is in violation of the provision which requires
biennial elections that these men claim their
seats.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Wis-
consin manifestly has not carefully consid-
ered the point. I am sure he is too intelli-
gent, and withal too just, to venture to make
any such assertion if he had carefully exam-
ined this case, and examined it in the light of
the great precedents in the past history of
Congress. There are other provisions of the
Constitution which set the matter entirely at
rest. Unless a State is in esse at the time of
the election, and has a constitution repub-
lican in form; unless it has a government
organized in accordance with the Constitution
of the United States ; unless all its officers—
legislative, executive, and judicial—are bound
by oath or affirmation to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, it cannot be
represented in the Congress of the United
States, for the reason that it has not complied
with the conditions expressed in the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. ELDR1DGB. Then I submit to my
friend that this was not the position of the
State at the time the election took place.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman inustnot
divert me too much. The questions which he
is raising here have all been passed upon and
determined. These are matters of settled law
as much as any questions of law can be settled.
I ask the gentleman to remember that although
the incipient steps of a people to organize a
constitutional form of State government and
acquire their place in the Union were not
strictly provided for in the text of the Consti-
tution, and although there be no provision on
the subject in the statutes of the Republic at
the time of the original action of the people,
yet the subsequent approval by Congress of
what they do, by relation, makes their action
valid and legal. Forty years ago, under the
administration of President Jackson, after a
reference of that question to his then Attorney
General, Mr. Butler, it was decided that the
preliminary action of the people in organizing
a State government and electing Senators and
Representatives to Congress, though not au-
thorized by the text of the Constitution of the
United States nor by an enabling act of Con-
gress, or any other act of Congress touching
the subject, yet the subsequent approval by
Congress of the people's action by relation
made their action, including the election of
Senators and Representatives, valid.
That, sir, was the opinion of President Jack-
son, as given by his Attorney General, and it
was affirmed by the vote of this House, if I
remember, in the proportion of at least two to
one. From that time, sir, until now the rule
thus established has never been challenged,
so that the very question the gentleman from
Wisconsin raises or touches upon has been, I
trust, forever closed. 1 repeat again, that the
constitution of Mississippi, in the light of all
interpretation, in the light of the action of all
Administrations, is to-day as much a repub-
lican constitution of government as that of any
other State, and the people of the State of
Mississippi, therefore, organized under their
constitution, are as much entitled to represent-
ation on this floor as are the people of any
State in the Union.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. 1 wish to ask thfegentlemanone
question. 1 do not desire to divert from his
argument my friend from Ohio, who was so
considerate as to make a very proper motion
as to the Tennessee cases, for which he de-
serves every consideration from this side of
the House. But, waiving the question of
mere credentials, waiving the question of the
original right of the people to elect, I would
like to have the gentleman's judgment, his
calm, dispassionate judgment, as to the point
raised by my friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
in part. It is this: whether an election held in
Mississippi, where the members were voted for
without discrimination as to the Congress—
neither the Forty-First Congress nor the Forty-
Second being placed upon the ballot, except
only in the case of two hundred votes given
for one of the candidates—whether an elec-
tion of that kind, conducted by ballot in that
way, is such an election as can justly be certi-
fied to this House or passed upon?
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I have an-
ticipated the question of my honorable friend.
If the election was irregular, by all the prece-
dents and all the usage, that is a question
of tact to be ascertained by reference to the
appropriate committee, and not to be decided
upon the organization of the House. I know
my friend to be a true and honorable gentle-
man, but with all respect to him, I beg leave to
say to him that by possibility he cannot know
the statement just made by him to be true in
the sense in which a judge would use the word
" know;" he has it by hearsay. The gentle-
man doubtless believes that it is so; but it is
for the appropriate committee of this House
to inquire and report whether the election was
irregular, illegal, unconstitutional, and void,
and report the evidence of the fact for the con-
sideration of this House* as judges.
Mr. Speaker, I renew my motion to swear
in the members from Mississippi and to refe<
their credentials to the Committee of Elec-
tions hereafter to be appointed by the House;
and upon that motion I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. Is the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] susceptible of divis-
ion, so as that we may vote first upon referring
the credentials and then upon swearing in the
members'!
The SPEAKER. It presents two substan-
tial propositions, and is divisible.
Mr. KERR. Then I call for a division.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put upon referring the
credentials of the members-elect from Missis-
sippi to the Committee of Elections; and it
was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion that
the members elect from Misssissippi be now
sworn in.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 81, not voting
13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Jilair,
Ueorge M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchaid,
Burdett, Benjamin Jf. Butter, Roderick K. Butler,
Cobb, (Joburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton, Creely, Dar-
rall, Hawes, lie Large, Dickey, l)onnan. Buell, Bun-
nell, liames, Llliott, i'arnsworth, Earweli, Jfinkeln-
burg, diaries foster, Frye, (SarflelU. Male. Halsey.
Harrner, Havens, Hawloy, Hay, Hays, Gerry W.
xla,2leton,_ J olm W. Hazleton, llill. Hoar, Hooper,
kelley, ketcham, Killmger, Lamport, Laming,
Lowe, Lynch. Maynard. McCrary, McOrew, M'-.J un-
kin, Mercur.Merriam, Monroe,Moore, Morey, Leon-
ard Myers, JSlegley, Orr. Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Portw, Prmdle, Kainey.lillisH. Roberts, Rusk, Saw-
yer, Soohetd, Seeiey, • Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
btiellabarger, Shoemaker, Horace B. Smith, John
A. Smith, Worthington 0. Smith, Snyder, Thomas
W, \ c. x .1* , v i  u JV vmaiu
alden, Waldrun, Wallace, Wails, Washburn,
Wheeler Whitoley, Wilfard, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John X. Wilson—120.
NAYS—Mesar3. Acker, Adams, Arihur, Beck,
Bmgs, Bird. James G. Blair, Braxton, James Brooks,
tampbeiiCarroll, Uoimngo, Cox, Urebs, Catcher,
Crosstand, Davis, Dox, l>u liose, t)uke, lSldndge, Kly,
liorker, Uetz, Urithth, Haldfeman, Hambletou, Hund-
ley Hanks Harper HarriClleretord, Holman, Ken-
dall, Kerr, king, Kmsella, Lamison Leach, Lewis,
Manson, Marshall, McClell.ind, McCormick, 31''-
lienry, AleKiuney, McNeely, Merrick. Benjamin J?.
Meyers, Mitchell, JSibiack, Eli Perry, Potter, Pnee.
Randall, Reed, Edward Y. ttice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robmsou, Rogers,
Roscvelt, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum. Slows,
It. Milton Speer, Stevens. Storm, Terry, JDwight
lowusend1, Tuthili, Van Trump, Wan en, Wlnt-
thorne. Williams ot New York, Winchester. Wood,
and Young—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Bright, Caldwell,
Henry IX 1< oster, Garrett, Gottaday, Mclutyre, Jl r-
gan. Aaron i Perry, Sutherland, Swaun, Vaugkan,
and w ells—Id. 6 '
So the motion was agreed to.
The members-elect from Mississippi then
presented themselves at the bar, and were
duly qualified, Mr. Barry, Mr. McKee, and
Mr. 1 erce taking the " test-oath " prescribed
by the act of July 2, 18(52, and Mr. Habuis
a!\ , , taking the special oath pro-
vided by the act of July 11, 1808.
ELECTION OS' OFFICERS OF TI1E HOUSE.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Uewlved^ That the following-named persons are
hereby declared to be officers of the House ot Repre-
sentatives lor and during the Forty-Second Con-
