1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, having its
terminus some distance from the crowded part
of the city. And we have now this applica-
tion of the Potomac road. What I desire is
that all these roads shall be placed upon an
equal footing. If this privilege is to be ex-
tended to the Potomac road, I desire it shall
be extended to the Point of Books road, the
Metropolitan road, as itis called, the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, the Orange and Alexandria
railroad, and all the roads that are seeking
stations within the limits of the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that there should be a reciprocity
in this matter. We should not merely allow
the privilege, but should require the roads to
meet at a certain point in the city where they
could have a common depot. In 18C7, I think
it was, the president of the road which the
gentleman from Maryland represents pledged
himself and pledged his road, before the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, of which
I was then a member, that within two years
the Point of Rocks road should be completed
to this city. But it is now no nearer than it
was then, so far as I am aware.
Mr. SWANN. It will be finished, Mr.
Speaker, if the gentleman will permit me—as I
cannot yield to him any further—it will be fin-
ished in the course of a short time and seeking
access into this city by some appropriate route.
The measure to which the gentleman from
Tennessee refers, that is, the consolidation of
all these roads, is a matter beyond our control
under the amendment submitted by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey.] I
have no objection if that reciprocity is recog-
nized here upon proper terms. If the same
privileges are extended to all these roads, I
have no objection on the part of the House,
so far as I am concerned, extending the amplest
accommodation to any road seeking legislation
at our hands.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do object to the location
of any depot so near Pennsylvania avenue as
to destroy the beauty of that great thorough-
fare and to interfere with the access to and fro
of the citizens of this community. On that
ground, sir, I shall object to the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. All these
roads, intended to accommodate the public,
should stand upon the same footing, and no
privilege should be extended to one that is not
conceded to all.
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no
kind of objection to the reciprocity which the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann] asks,
and if he will substitute an amendment re-
quiring Mr. Garrett of Baltimore to allow us
to connect with his depot down here, I have
no objection ; but I do want an opportunity
of buying a ticket out of Washington further
north than the city of Baltimore, and I also
wish to have an opportunity of having my
baggage checked further north than the city
of Baltimore. There is a railroad corporation
building a railroad into this city, connecting
with a railroad in my State, built by capital
from my State, and I have no doubt they are
very selfish in wanting to get near the horse-
cars. They wish to get their share of travel,
and they propose to get their share of travel
by putting their depot in the vicinity of the
horse-cars.
Mr. SWANN. Put them all on the same
footing.
Mr. DICKEY. I have no objection.
Mr. §WANN. The one having the same
privileges as the other 
Mr. DICKEY. Begin with the existing
road. Mr. Garrett can well say, put them on
the same footing!
Mr. SWANN. You have the power in your
own hands.
Mr. DICKEY. He has the two lines of
horse-cars running in front of his depot.
Mr. SWANN. He desires more depot ac-
commodation.
Mr. DICKEY. This new railroad corpora-
tion, sir, do not want their depot located near
the Long bridge or beyond the navy-yard.
They wish an opportunity to come to Pennsyl-
vania avenue, and to put their depot there.
They have the permission of the city councils
to use Sixth street for that purpose. You
propose to erect a public park, and this cor-
poration should have this same privilege, not
interfering with that park, and why 7 Because
it will accommodate the traveling public as
well as the business interests of Washington.
There is a proviso that it shall not interfere
with the park; that it shall be constructed
subordinate to the direction of the board of
public works.
Before I offered the amendment,Mr. Speaker,
I desired to know whether it would be satis-
factory, and I addressed a letter to Governor
Cooke, of this city. I have his reply in my
hand, that, subordinating it to the control of
the board of public works of this city, it would
be for the best interests of Washington in
meeting the just demands of the business here,
as well as of public travel. We who come
here have some rights. We have the right
to get to the capital. We have the right to
go through Baltimore without paying twenty-
five cents toll to Mr. Garrett and without riding
in omnibuses. The corporation I have re-
ferred to is tunneling that city to have passen-
gers carried without change of cars from New
York and Philadelphia to Washington.
They do not propose to build their railroad for
charitable and humane purposes, but they do it
as Mr. Garrett has done it, for the purpose of
making money; but, unlike him, they propose
at the same time to accommodate the traveling
public. We who come here have the right to
be landed near the horse-cars, so as to be car-
ried to any part of the city for five cents and
not to be put out where we will have to employ
hacks to get to the city. Therefore we want
this depot near Pennsylvania avenue. The
city council unanimously authorized this thing,
both branches of it. The present mayor of
the city approved of it. The Governor of the
District, in the letter which I hold in my hand,
approves of it under these conditions. And
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that we will not legislate
in the interest of a rival corporation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose, Mr. Speaker, to take any part in the
quarrels of the different railroads. But I am
anxious there should be a park at some time in
this city. I will endeavor to state to the House
what I understand to have been the history
of the original plan of this city as laid out by
Washington. He proposed that the eity should
all be built on the east front of the Capitol.
There was to be the city. And he proposed
that the Executive Departments should cluster
around the White House, that they should be
all together, and that the ground between the
two, which was low and marshy, should all be
a public park like the park at Versailles, so
that there should be nothing but ornamental
grounds between the Executive Departments
and the Capitol.
Washington started the plan of the city upon
that idea, but the persons holding ground east
of the Capitol held it at a very high figure.
Washington neglected to seize upon the lands
between the Capitol and the White House,
only holding on to some reservations, the other
lands being so undesirable that he supposed
nobody would buy them. But Mr. Van Ness,
if I recollect aright—I may be wrong in the
name—but a gentleman came and bought the
land between here and the White House and
gave away every other lot for building purposes.
The consequence was that the city began to be
built down into the marsh exactly where it was
supposed it would not be built.
Now I hope some time to see that design of
Washington carried out. It cannot be carried
out to the full extent of the magnificent idea
of the founder of the capital, because of the
changes which have occurred in the growth of
the city. But I think it is due, not to the city
of Washington, not to the inhabitants, but to
the United States, that we should have here
in the first place the Capitol—and we have the
most beautiful building in all its architectural
details, and the most highly ornamented of any
architectural structure in the world for a simi-
lar purpose—simply put into such proper sur-
roundings that it may be a pride to the Amer-
ican citizen when he comes here, and that
when foreigners come here they shall not find
the most beautiful building in the world with
the worst surroundings in the world. Nothing
is so bad as the surroundings of this Capitol,
and they ought gradually to be improved.
Then why should we not have on these sub-
stantially vacant lands a park ? I do not say
that we should commence it this year or next,
or when it is best to establish it. That I have
not considered. But I say that the grounds
belonging to the United States should be kept
from any further encroachments, and should
some time be laid out as a park—not for the
benefit of the District of Columbia, but for
the benefit of the whole country—so that it
may be possible for the representatives of the
people to go from the Capitol to the Executive
Departments without driving over a swill cart.
I think that is due to the citizens of the coun-
try. I do not care about the citizens of the
District of Columbia in this view. They ought
to make their own park, as other people do.
But this is the city of the country, and we
should take care to beautify and adorn it, so
as at least to make respectable that portion
which we occupy, and the largest portion of
all that ground is now occupied by the United
States with the reservations.
Now, in regard to this matter of depot, I
think no railroad coming into the city should
be allowed again to have its depot anywhere
in this neighborhood, unless Congress takes it
into its own hands to direct what the form and
architectural structure of the buildings about it
shall be, so that right out here in front of
our Capitol, a depot which is an eye-sore, like
the present depot, shall not be put up; that
there shall be, as there is in every other city
near the public buildings, a proper building for
this purpose. A railroad is a public building,
and we should take the matter into our own
hands here, so as to preserve the unity of the
place. I hope, therefore, that there will be
nothing done by Congress that allows anything
like ail encroachment on the public grounds.
Let us hold the matter whete it is if we cannot
reform it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I have sought
the floor for the purpose of expressing what I
had not an opportunity to say when I interrupted
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Swakn.]
In my judgment, we ought not only to have a
depot building of the character indicated by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] one worthy of the capital of the coun-
try, but we ought to have a common depot for
all the roads that come into the District. I
have had great opportunities for many years
past of experiencing the inconvenience of
things as they now are. All the southern travel
that comes into this city or that has ever come
into this city heretofore is brought here and
left out in the mud and wet, or snow or heat,
as the weather happens to be. Passengers are
brought here from the North by the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company, and the entire
travel going South is thrown out down here to
seek its way further South as best it can. It
is a condition of things that ought not to be
tolerated, and as a remedy I would have one
Urge depot located at some convenient point
in the city to which all the roads entering the
city should not only be privileged to come,
but to which they ought to be required to bring
at least their passenger trains to receive and
deliver passengers.
I am not, sir, disposed to complain of the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company. I do
not join in thehue and cry and censure against
