1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
gress, and until their successors are duly qualified,
namely: „ ,
Edward McPherson, of the State of Pennsylvania,
Nehemiah G. Ordway, of the State of New Hamp-
shire, Sen?eant-at-Arnas;
Otis S. Buxton, of the State of New York, Door-
kec per j
William S. King, ofthe State of Minnesota, Post-
master; and _ _ „ , , no. i
Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D„ ofthe District of Colum-
bia, Chaplain.
Mr. WOOD. I offer the following substitute
Betofaed, That the following-named persons are
hereby declared to be officers ot the House of Rep-
resentatives for and during the Forty-Second Con-
gress, and until their successors are duly qualified;
"Tames G. Berrett, of the District of Columbia,
Clerk;
Nicholas Isenberg, of Pennsylvania* Sergeant-at-
Arms; _
Owen Thorn, of California, Doorkeeper;
Sfiaton Gales, of North Carolina, Postmaster; and
Rev. Ignatius T. Cooper, D. I)., of Delaware,
Chaplain.
Mr. DA.WES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the substitute. I suppose it will not be
necessary to have the yeas and nays on both
the resolution and substitute.
Mr. WOOD. All we want is the call of the
yeas and nays on the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tbe question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 87, nays 126, not voting 6 ; as
follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Cald-
well, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Crebs, Cwtcher,
Hereford, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kinseila,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClel-
land. McCormick, McHeury, Mclntyre, MeKinney,
McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morgan, Nibiack, Eli Perry, Potter, Price, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wu-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, bher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Sloeu ui, Sloss, 11. Milton Speer.
Stevens, Storm, Swarm, Terry. Dwight Townsend,
Tuihill,VanTrump, Vaughan, Warren, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—87. _
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Avenll, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Bigby. Bingham, Aus-
tin Biair, James G. Biair, George M. Brooks. Buck-
/ey, BuSinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Cotton, Creely, D.irrall, Dawes, De Large, Dickey,
Von nan, D ucll, Dunne) 1, Eatnes, Elliott, Farns worth,
Farwell. Finkelnburg.CharlesFoster.Frye, Garfield,
Hale, Halsey, Ilarmer, George E. Harris, llavens,
lltiwley, Ilay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazlefon, John W.
liadeton. Hill,Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Ketcha m, Kil-
linge^, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch,-Maynard,
McCrttr.v.McGrew.McJunkin.McKee, Mereur,Mer-
riaui, Monroe,.Moore, Morey, Morphis. Leonard
Myers. Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Par-
ker, Peck, Vendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Pricdle, Raiuey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk,
Sawyer, Soofield, Seeloy, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Horace B. Smith, John
A. Smitb, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Thomas
J. Specr, Spragus, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Sypher. Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Twichell.Tyner,Upson. Wakeman,Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Washburn, Wheeler,
"Whitciey, Will&rd, Williams of Indiana. Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—126.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Cox, Henry D. Foster,
Golladay, Aaron F. Perry, Stevenson, and Suther-
land—6.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The ofiieers- elect then appeared and qualified
by taking the oath prescribed by the act of
July 2, 1862.
delegates swokn in.
The Delegates-elect from the Territories who
were present appeared and qualified by taking
the oath of July 2,1862. They are as follows:
Arizona—Richard C. McCormick.
Colorado—Jerome B. Chaffee.
Dakota—M. K. A rmstrong.
Idaho—S. A. Merritt.
Utah—William H. Hooper.
Washington—Selucius Garfielde.
Wyoming—William T. Jones.
notification of organization.
Mr. D'AWES submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate to
inform that body that a quorum of the House of
Representatives has assembled, and that James G.
Blaine, one of the Representatives from the State
of Maine, has been chosen Speaker; and that the
House is now ready to proceed to business.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed
on the part of the House to join the committee
which has been appointed on the part of the Senate
to wait upon the President of the United State* to
inform him that a quorum of the two Houses of
Congress has assembled, and that Congress is ready
to receive any communication he may make.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Hooper,
of Massachusetts, Mr. Niblack, and Mr. Sco-
field as the committee to wait upon the Presi-
dent.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. DAWES. I submit the following reso-
lution, on which I ask the previous question:
Retained, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives declare their respective Houses ad-
journed sine die on Weduesday, the8th day of March
instant, at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope we shall not act
on this resolution to-day. I move the House
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that this
matter will be allowed to lie over till we hear
from the President.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire, with the
consent of the House, to suggest that, as we
have adopted a resolution for the appoint-
ment of a committee to wait on the President
and inform him of our readiness to receive
any communication he may desire to make,
we ought not to adopt a resolution for final
adjournment until we hear from him.
Mr. COX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. COX. Then I object to debate.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will withdraw this
resolution until we have completed the organ-
ization of the House by the admission of Mr.
Waddell, a member-elect from the third dis-
trict of North Carolina.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the House will
now adjourn. We have been here almost con-
tinuously for more than twenty-four hours.
The SPEAKER. The question of assign-
ing a day for final adjournment is not debat-
able. , TT
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon agreeing to the resolution offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I submit that as
the gentleman has called the previous ques-
tion, the first question is upon seconding that
demand. _ .
The SPEAKER. The resolution by its
nature is undebatable, and there is no need to
call the previous question upon it.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, there were—ayes 147, noes 23.
Mr. HAY. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider ba
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest cessna vs. meyers.
Mr. SCOFIELD presented the memorial of
John Cessna, contesting the seat of Hon. B.
F. Meyers, as a Representative from the six-
teenth district of Pennsylvania; which, with
the accompanying papers, was ordered to be
referred to the Committee of Elections when
appointed, and to be printed.
mb5iber at large from sooth carolina.
Mr. STEVENSON. I present the creden-
tials of Mr. J. P. M. Epping, elected as Rep-
resentative at large from the State of South
Carolina, and move that they be referred to
the Committee of Elections when hereafter
appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
election contest iiarkis vs. rogers.
Mr. MAYNARD presented the petition of
James H. Harris, contesting the seat of Hoa.
Sion H. Rogers, as Representative from the
fourth district of North Carolina ; which was
ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Elections when appointed.
QUALIFICATION OF HON. A. M. WADDELL.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and call up the case of Mr. Alfred M.
Waddell, Representative-elect from the third
congressional district of North Carolina. When
the State of North Carolina was called the
swearing in of Mr. Waddell was objected to.
I believe there is now no objection. If auy be
made I shall be glad to meet it and show that
no legal difficulty exists.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I should
not have made my objection had I not believed
it to rest on good grounds. 1 do not know why
my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
assumes to say that he believes there is no
objection. I can state in a few words the
grounds of the objection, my information as
to the facts of the case being obtained from
members from the State of North Carolina.
This gentleman, as I understand it, is dis-
qualified from holding a seat in this House
under the third article of the fourteenth amend-
ment ofthe Constitution ofthe United States.
His disqualification arises from this: that be-
fore the war he held the office of clerk and
master of chancery in North Carolina, an office
which required him to take an oath to support
the Constitution ofthe United States, and that
during the rebellion he served in the confeder-
ate army as lieutenant colonel. Those facts
are, as I understand, not controverted.^ I da
not learn that they are traversed ; that is, that
he held this office before the war and served
during tbe rebellion in the confederate army in
the military capacity I have stated.
It is, however, insisted that the office of clerk
and master was not judicial in its character. I
have to state that under the North Carolina
system of equity and chancery practice the
office of clerk and master is clothed with high
judicial power, and strictly and truly is a judi-
cial office. To place that matter beyond all
controversy, I understand, the question has
been specifically and distinctly decided by the
supreme court, tbe court of last resort iu that
State; a court which, I may be permitted to
sav, stands, and has always stood, very high
in" the judicial history of this country. They
have decided that the holding of the office ot
clerk and master comes within the purview
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion. In the case of Worthy vs. Barrett, the
supreme court (63 North Carolina Reports,
199) expressly included a clerk and master in
equity under the fourteenth amendment of the
