1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
we cannot fail. Grant us therefore Thy ben-
ediction on earth and Thy presence in Heaven.
For the sake of a world's Redeemer. Amen.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
last was read and approved.
senator from delaware.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator-
elect from the State of Delawareis in the Cham-
ber and will present himself to the chair of the
Vice President and take the oaths of office.
Hon. Eli Saulsbury advanced to the desk,
escorted by Mr. Thurman ; and the oaths pre-
scribed by law having been administered to
Mr. Saolsbwry, he took his seat in the Senate.
senator from north carolina.
Mr. POOL. I present the memorial of my
late colleague, Hon. Joseph C. Abbott, set-
ting forth that he has been duly elected a Sena-
tor of the United States from the State of North
Carolina for the term commencing March 4,
1871, and giving the reasons for claiming his
seat. I ask that it be laid upon the table and
printed. I shall call it up with a view to its
reference to the appropriate committee when
that committee shall be appointed.
The V1CEPRES1DENT. The Senator from
North Carolina presents a communication
from his late colleague claiming to have been
elected a Senator from North Carolina; which
will lie on the table, and be printed.
message from tub house.
Mr. Edward McPherson, Clerk of the
House of Representatives appeared below the
bar, and delivered the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House
of Representatives to inform the Senate that
a quorum of the House has assembled, and
that it has elected Hon. Jambs G. Blaine, one
oft.be Representatives from the State of Maine,
Speaker, and that the House is now ready to
proceed to business.
The House of Representatives has passed a
resolution for the appointment of a committee
on the part of the House to join such commit-
tee as may be appointed on the part of the
Senate, to wait on the President of the United
States and inform him that a quorum of the
two Houses has assembled and that Congress
is ready to receive any communication he may
be pleased to make; and it has appointed Mr.
Samuel Hooper of Massachusetts, Mr. Wil-
liam E. Nibi.ack of Indiana, and Mr. G. W.
Scomeld of Pennsylvania the committee on
its part.
The House of Representatives has passed a
resolution for the adjournment of Congress on
Wednesday, the 8th day of March, in which it
requests the concurrence of the Senate.
notification to tub president.
Mr. HAMLIN. The joint committee ap-
pointed by the two Houses to wait upon the
President and inform him that a quorum of
each House has assembled and that Congress
is ready to receive any communication he may
be pleased to make have attended to the duty
assigned to them. The President said he had
no communication to make at present to Con-
gress, but that he may have some communica-
tion to make in the course of a week, and he
expressed a desire that during this week no
day should be fixed for the final adjournment
of the two Houses. He further said that he
would have communications of an executive
character to make to the Senate, which would
be made at an early day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine, from the committee appointed to wait
on the President of the United States, has made
. a report, which will be entered on the Journal.
Petitions and memorials are now in order.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a national bureau of immigration;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Min-
nesota Legislature, in favor of the payment
of bounty to the first regiment of Minnesota
mounted rangers ; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of making the
port of Duluth a port of entry; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
David Kleinman, praying compensation for
property taken by United States troops at
Washington, District of Columbia, in 186-5;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Anna Ella Carroll, praying compensation for
suggesting certain plans of operation for the
armies of the United States during the late
war; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Mrs.
Phebe Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield, a sol-
dier of the war of the Revolution, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON presented the petition.of
Jane H. G. Greenfield, daughter and coheir of
Colonel Fielder Dorsett, of Prince George's
county, Maryland, praying indemnity for spo-
liations committed by the French prior to the
year 1800; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I present a petition numer-
ously signed, from a large number of settlers
in the county of Wilson, State of Kansas, in
which they represent that they are to be called
upon, on the 10th day of April, 1871, to pay
for a tract of land known as the Osage trust
lands. They state that the time for payment
has been set by the Secretary of the Interior
earlier than they anticipated, and they ask that
by some action of Congress the time may be
postponed for a year. 1 move that the petition
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have received and been
charged with the duty of presenting a very
interesting memorial from the Ottawa Indians,
in which they represent that they have sought
in vain forreliefat the hands of Congress from
certain depredations that have been committed
upon them in an irregular disposition of their
lands, and they ask that they may have their
cases heard in the courts. Not being citizens
of the United States, they cannot appear in the
courts. I move that their memorial be laid
upon the table and printed, and at the proper
time I shall introduce a joint resolution on the
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I present a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Nevada, asking that
the provisions of the swamp and overflowed
land laws of the United States be extended to
that State. I will remark in this connection
that I hope the calamity never will happen to
Nevada which is asked for in this resolution.
The legislation of Congress on the subject of
swamp and overflowed lands has resulted in
more harm to settlers and less good to any
one, except speculators, than any other legis
lation, except the military land-warrant law,
which has been inaugurated by Congress.
Forty-eight million acres of land have already
been squandered under that legislation, and
there is a claim upon about thirt'" million
acres more, some of it very high from the
waters, upland, all of it of the best lands.
None of those who have received that land
have given any consideration to the General
Government or to the State. The public works
that were contemplated have never been built,
but the lands are gone. I hope Nevada will
not be robbed in that way. I present the res-
olution, and move that it lie on the table, and
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
proposed withdrawal op papers.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask leave to withdraw
the petition and papers of John Thompson
Mason, formerly collector of the port of Bal-
timore, for the purpose of having them referred
to the appropriate committee. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be done
when the committees are appointed. There is'
at present only one committee, a select corn-1
mittee, which was continued by an order of
the Senate. •
adjournment tq thursday. "
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that when the Sen*,
ate adjourns to-day itadjourn to meet at twelve
o'clock on Thursday next. . . •
The motion was agreed to. .
penitentiary discipline. 1
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 1) authorizing the ap-
pointment of a commissioner to an interna-
tional congress on penitentiary and reformatory
discipline; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the joint resolution..
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as ia
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It authorizes the
President to appoint a commissioner to attend
an international congress on penitentiary and
reformatory discipline proposed to be held in
Europe ; but this appointment is not to author-
ize any expenditure of money from the Treasury
for salary or expenses, and must be accepted
on this express condition.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know when
and where that congress is to be held.
Mr. MORTON. It is to be held some time
this summer ; and I think Berlin was the place
suggested ; but, I am not. sure.
Mr. SUMNER. There have been threedif- '
ferent penitentiary congresses heldin Europe:
one at Brussels, another at Frankfort, and
another at Florence. They were all held some
years ago, and I was not aware that another
one had been meditated, or at any rate that it
had been matured. I suggest that the resolu-
tion should contain some reference to the spe-
cific congress. I am very much interested in
such an object, and I should be very glad to
have such a congress.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] tells me that it is to be held at
Florence.
Mr. SHERMAN. Many of the States have
already designated their delegates.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator remem-
ber at what date it is to be held ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Some time this autumn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The autumn of 1871
the memorial on our table states.
Mr. SHERMAN. Delegates have been
appointed by a convocation held in Cincinnati,
of the various reform associations, in Qptober
last; and most of the States, I understand,
will be represented, and they desire the Gen-
eral Government to be represented also. I
think the congress is to be held in Florence
some time during the coming summer.
Mr. SUMNER. Personally, I am very glad
to see a revival of interest in that question.
Some years ago it occupied a good deal of
attention in our own country, and also in
Europe—in Great Britain, France, Germany,
and Italy. There has been a lull since then.
I should be very glad that our country should
be represented ; but I was not aware before
that a time had been fixed for the meeting of
such a congress. >
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
During the call of bills and joint resolutions,
several Senators presented joint resolutions for
introduction. .
The* VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to remind Senators that during the last
session of Congress there seemed to be a uni-
versal assent in the Senate that, so far as pos-
