720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain the amendment in that form. It proposes
to strike out the words which the House has
inserted.
Mr. CONGER. Then I move itas an amend-
ment to the section.
The SPEAKER. It could be moved as an
amendment to the proviso if it came in as
additional words.
Mr. CONGER. Then I will offer it in that
form, so as to read as follows:
Provided, That each hanking association shall pay
its relative expense in proportion to the whole ex-
pense incurred under tho provisions of this section.
Mr. HQLMAN. The same end is accom-
plished exactly by the amendment as it now
stands. The result is the same.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to see the proviso
so amended that each bank may pay the ex-
pense involved in its own change of circula-
tion. By the provisions of the proviso each
bank, whether it requires the additional print-
ing of notes or not, must pay its proportion
of the whole expense in proportion to its cir-
culation. That would make a new bank estab-
lished to-day, which may not need new circu-
lation for years, commence with paying its
proportion of the expense of furnishing new
circulation to the old banks, which I think is
manifestly unjust.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is aware
that the object is to substitute an entire new
currency for that now in circulation. It is to
apply equally to all the banks. It is the pur-
pose of the Treasury Department to substitute
new currency for the old.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Debate was closed by order of the House last
evening.
The question was put on Mr. Cogger's
amendment; and there were eight votes in the
affirmative.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to have the yeas
and nays on that amendment, so that the
country may see who wishes to impose this
charge upon the new banks.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STOLFGHTON. I offer the following
amendment:
And provided further, That the proceeds arising
from tho tax on circulation shall first be expended
forthe purpose aforesaid.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I make the point of order
that that is inconsistent with the text already
adopted. It would amount to the same thing
as striking out the proviso.
The SPEAKER. That is no point of order.
It is the parliamentary privilege of the House
to do anything of that kind.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will not object to this amend-
ment.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were twenty-seven votes in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. STOUGHTON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered ; only
eight members voting therefor.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question was put on concurring in the
forty-ninth amendment of the Senate as
amended; and there were—ayes 68, noes 69.
Mr. ARCHER called forthe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 86, nays 87, not voting
S7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Beck,
Bird, Braxton, Bright, Benjamin F. Butler, Cald-
well, Cobb, Cox, Oritchcr, Crossiand, Davis, DcLargo,
I)ox, DuBose, Ihike. Edwards. Eldridge, Ely, Fink-
9, n,l,jul>'"> Forker, Henry X). Foster, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Griffith, Hale, Hundley, Hanks, Harper,
John I. Harris Havens, Hay, Hereford, Holman,
Kendall, Kerr, King, Kmsella, Laniison, Leach,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall. McClelland, McCormick,
MoHenry, Melntyre, McKinney, McNeely, Merrick,
Benjamin P, Meyers. Morgan, Niblack, Piatt, Por-
Ter,' Barney, Randall,Read, Edward Y. Bice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Sherwood, Slater,
Slocum, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann,
Terry, Dwight Townsend. Tyner, Van Tramp,
Vauglian, Waddell, "Walls, Wells, Whitthorne, "Wil-
liams of SfewYork. Winchester, andYoung—86.
ft AYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, George
M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burehard, Burdett, Carroll, Coburn, Conger, Cotton,
Creely, Dawes, Bunnell, Eames, Elliott, Charles fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Halsey, George E. Harris, Ilaw-
ley, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazleton, Hib-
bard, Hill. Hoar, Kelley, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe,
Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, Mcjunkin, Mercur,
Merriam, Monroo,LeonardMyers,Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron
F. Perry, Eli Perry, Poland, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk,
Sawyer, Scofield.Seeley, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.Smith, Thomas
J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, S tough-
ton, Stowell, Strong, St. John, Washington Town-
send, Turner, W akeman, Walden,W aldron, Wallace,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Will&rd, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wood—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Banks,
Barnum, Biggs, James G. Blair, Roderick R. Butler,
Campbell, Clarke. Comingo, Cook, Crebs, Darrall,
Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Farnsworth, Farwell, Good-
rich, Haldeman, Hambleton, Harmer, Hays, Hooper,
Ketcham, Killinger, McGrew, McKee, Mitchell,
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Negley, Orr, Hosea W. Par-
ker, Perce, Peters, Price, Pnndle, William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, Rogers, Sessions, Sheldon, Shober,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, It. Milton Speer,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Tuthili, Twichell, Upson,
Voorhees, Washburn, and Williams of Indiana—57.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was not concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, in refer-
ence to which the special Committee on Ap-
propriations recommended non-concurrence,
was as follows:
Sec. 25. That the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized to furnish to the National Freedmen's
Relief Association clothing and bedding on hand
not needed by the Army, not exceeding $5,000 in
value, for distribution amongthe destitute agedper-
sons above mentioned.
Mr. DAWES. The committee recommended
non-concurrence in this and the succeeding
amendment because they thought that the
$12,000 appropriated by a preceding amend-
ment was as far as they could ask the House
to go at this time.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
the committee recommended non- concurrence,
was as follows :
Sec. 26. That the use of the buildings in Armory
square occupied by the quartermaster's depart-
ment, ifnotneeded forthe publicservice, be granted,
in the discretion of the Secretary of War, to the
association above mentioned, for the purpose of
enabling it still further to relieve the destitute per-
sons above mentioned.
Mr. HOAR. I trust the House will concur
in this amendment of the Senate. I would
ask my colleague [Mr. Dawes] whether there
would be any harm in allowing the mere use
of these buildings during such time aa they
would otherwise remain unoccupied?
Mr. DAWES. We had no facts before us,
and we thought the appropriation of $12,000
was sufficient. I do not know of any particu-
lar objection to this amendment.
Mr. HOAR. This amendment simply pro-
poses to allow the Secretary of War, at his
discretion, to permit the use of these buildings
by this society. If they shall be needed for
any public purpose they can be used at any
time. It would be a great convenience to this
society in making its charitable distributions.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that I have
any particular objection to the amendment;
but we had no knowledge in reference to it.
The question was taken upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 62, noes 70,
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOAR called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hoak and
Mr. Beck were appointed.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it is worth
while to take up the time of the House in a
division upon this amendment.
Mr. BECK. I care nothing about it my-
self ; but nobody has ever asked for it.
Mr. DAWES. Mrs. Griffith did not ask
for it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that if this amendment should be concurred
in some change should be made in its phrase-
ology, as the preceding amendment, to which
it refers, has been non-concurred in.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not think it worth while
dividing the House upon it.
Mr. BECK. I do not care about it.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be concurred in.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was accordingly concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate, in which
non-concurrence was recommended, was as fol-
lows :
Sec. 31. That there be, and is hereby, appropri-
ated to pay expenses of the Legislative Assembly of
Wyoming Territory convened October, A. D. 1870,
and for printing journals of said Assembly, and
incidental expenses of tho office of secretary for
the year 1870, the sum of SI,250.
Mr. DAWES. The committee have con-
cluded to recommend a concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, in which non-concur-
rence was recommended, was as follows:
Sec. 33. That to enable the Postmaster General to
pay such sum as he may determine is justly duo
Thomas Hollis, a loyal citizen of Georgia, for carry-
ing the mails of the United States prior to June 1,
1861, $2^0: Provided, Tho Postmaster General is sat-
isfied irom the evidence on file in the Department
that the mail service was performed and that the
claimant remained loyal to the Government of the
United States during the war of the rebellion.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I ask that a vote
be taken upon concurring in this amendment.
The question was taken upon concurring in
the amendment; and upon a division—ayes
eight, noes not counted—the amendment was
non-concurred in.
The next amendment, in which non-concur-
rence was recommended, was as follows :
Sec. 34. That, to enable the Secretary of War to
enlarge the military depot at 1'ort Leavenworth,
Kansas, to meet the necessities o' the public service,,
the sum of $100,000 is hereby appropriated, to ba
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War, in building at Fort Leavenworth the necessary
shelter for troops and storage for goods: Provided
That such extension and buildings shall not cost
over $100,000.
Mr. LOWE. I desire to make a single state-
ment in favor of thisamendment of the Senate.
It does not stand here simply upon the rec-
ommendation of a member of this House or of
a member of the Senate. It is recommended
by the Secretary of War, by the General of the
Army, and by Brigadier General Pope, com-
manding the department of the Missouri. The
object of the amendment is to enable the Sec-
retary of War to complete the construction of
such additional buildiugs at Fort Leavenworth
as will enable the post to accommodate a regi-
ment of cavalry in winter quarters. There is
no demand for cavalry upon the plains in the
Indian service except during the summer
months. During the winter months our cav-
alry must be subsisted somewhere. They can-
not be subsisted upon the plains for want of
proper posts and accommodations ; and the
most economical and expedient method of
furnishing the necessary accommodations is
to complete at Fort Leavenworth such public
buildings, barracks, and store-houses as will
accommodate a regiment of cavalry at that
point.
It was suggested by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Raxdall] in the gen-
eral debate upon this bill that Fort Leaven-
worth is so remote from the theater of Indian
operations as to render the construction of
these buildings wholly useless. The gentleman
stated that he was credibly informed that Fcrt
Leavenworth is fifteen or eighteen hundred
miles from the nearest theater of operations
of hostility against the Indian tribes. A mo-
ment's reflection must show any gentleman the
error of this statement. Going westwardly or
southwestwardly from Fort Leavenworth fifteen
or eighteen hundred miles, you would travel
entirely across the continent and reach a con-
siderable distance into the Pacific ocean. The
