1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'121
fact is that within two hundred miles of Fort
Leavenworth Indian hostilities have quite
recently annoyed very greatly the people of
the frontiers. But a little over two years ago
a raid was menaced upon the border by the
Arapahoes and Cheyennes; and this move-
ment was so formidable that the State of Kan-
sas was compelled, under the authority and
with the approval of the Secretary of War, to
raise and equip a regiment of volunteer cavalry
for the purpose of protecting the frontier. No
longer ago than last July a raid was made by
the same band into Solomon valley, and a
number of settlers were killed and a large
amount of stock driven off. Fort Leavenworth
has access to the Indian country northwardly
■|by the Missouri river, westwardly and south-
westwardly by railroads.
I have not time to discuss the matter fur-
ther ; but I ask the Clerk to read the recom-
mendation of the War Department and the
General of the Army in favor of this appro-
priation, as contained in Executive Documents
Nos. 41 an,d48 of the third session Forty-First
Congress.
The Clerk.read as follows:
W a p. Depaktmknt, February 10,1S71.
Tho Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the Senate of the United States, in obedience to the
resolution of February 9, 1871, the report of Brig-
adier General Pope, United Scatos Army, in favor of
the enlargement of the military post and depot of
Fort Leavenworth, and recommending an appropria-
tion of 5350,000 lor that purpose.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP, _
Secretary of M ar.
Headquarters Department of the Missouri,
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. _
January 2, 18il.
General : I have the honor to submit the follow-
ing: remarks and recommendations concerning tho
military reservation of Fort Leavenworth, and to
ask that thoy be submitted to tho Secretary of War,
with such remarks from yourself as you may think
appropriate. If approved by the Secretary of War,
I respectfully ask that they be laid before the Mili-
tary Committees of Congress, with thereeommenda-
' tion of the War Department that legislation be had
accordingly.
Remark?.
The military reservation at Fort Leavenworth con-
sists of six thousand eight hundred and forty acres
of good arable land, well watered, and admirably
suited to every military purpose._ It lies on the
Missouri river, at a point to which the river is
always navigable unless obstructed by ice. It is
connected by railroad with all points east, west, and
south as far as the Indian country west of the State
of Arkansas. In this last region railroads are being
rapidly pushed through the entire Indian country,
west of the ltio Grande and south of the Texas line.
It lies on the best settled and most fertile portion
of Kansas, whero all supplies can be as cheaply, and
many more cheaply, bought than at any other point
in this whole region. Its na,tural situation, as well
as its connection by rail, with all the vast region
lying west and south in which military operations
are conducted, and which for years to come will
need military protection, renders it altogether the
best and most suitable point in all this oountry as
the headquarters of the military forces and the depot
for all military supplies.
The cavalry forces, which are required to protect
the long lines of rail and wagon road leading west
and south from the Missouri river, and the exposed
settlements in Kansas, Colorado, and New Mexico,
are only needed for active service during the sum-
mer months, say from May 1 to November 10.
During this season alone are the Indians ablc to
carry on hostile operations in any part of this great
region, and, cxcept for the protection of prominent
pomts, the cavalry alone is efficient against them.
The expense of keeping up cavalry, very consid-
erable under any circumstances, is increased in
geometrical ratio with its distance from forage-
producing districts.
Keeping' cavalry at remote posts on the plains
during the winter is a very great, and, under exist-
ing circumstanccs, an unnecessary expense^
In the summer only they are needed m these
remote places, and during that season they can be
almost wholly subsisted on the prairie grass. .For
economy's sake and for other sufficient reasons itis
very desirable, when the season for field operations
closes, to bring in the cavalry to points where it can
be most cheaply subsisted and brought into condi-
tion for active and efficient use at the least expense.
Fort Leavenworth better fulfills these conditions
than any other point that could now be chosen, ana
being already the property of the Government, it
would seem that good policy should prompt the
immediate adaptation of its extraordinary advan-
tages to these purposes.
Recommendations.
Fort Leavenworth was built originally for a cav-
alry post. It contains barracks and quarters for ten
companies. The burracks for four companies are
42d Oong. 1st Sess*—No. 46.
now used (though badly fitted for the purpose) for
the offices of department headquarters and the offi-
cers' quarters for the officers oi the department staff
and tho depot.
Appropriation should be made for constructing
suitable buildings for department officers and quar-
ters for officers belonging to the department staff
elsewhere on the reservation.
The depot buildings should bo enlarged and con-
venience of storage of public supplies increased.
By these means the entire post could bo given up to
the cavalry. During the summer one building for
barracks for two companies should be put up, so
that the post would hold twelve companies of cav-
alry. The quarters for officers for that number of
companies are already built.
I therefore ask that the Secretary of War recom-
mend a special appropriation for these purposes of
$350,000, to be expended under his direction and in
accordance with plans approved by him.
It is my woll-considered opinion, as I know it to
be that of tho General-in-Chief of the Army, Gen-
eral Sheridan, and every officer of rank who has
served here, that every interostof the Government
in its military service would be promoted by such
legislation as is hererecommonded.
In this connection I invito attention to the re-
marks and recommendations contained in my annual
report, dated October 31, 1870, under the head of
"Fort Leavenworth," to the nature of the services
of the cavalry in this department, as set forth therein
and to the wantofsuitable quarters and stablingfor
that arm of the service at the posts on tho plains
during the winter season, as well as to the largely
increased expense of maintaining it at those posts as
compared with Fort Leavenworth.
I am. General, respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, JOHN POPL, _
Brevet Major General, Commanding.
General William T. Sherman, ,
General-in-Chief U. iV. .1., Washington, I). C.
[Indorsement.]
Headquarters op the Army,
Washington, D. C„ January 7,1871.
Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War,
approved and recommended.
Fort Leavenworth is tho most valuable military
reservation in the West. It will always be the most
appropriate depot and headquarters of a depart-
ment, and should have barracks for a battalion of
infantry, regiment of cavalry, and suitablo build-
ings for headquarters. These m part already exist,
and the appropriation herein asked for is deemed
ample to begin and completo thewhole. In my judg-
ment, itisbetter to ask Misappropriation "special,
rather than to undertake_ the work bydriblets out,
of the annual appropriation for tho maintenance of
the Army. Though the amount asked for may seem
large, it is, in fact, small as compared to the sums
expended on our sea-coast forts, which are not half
as important for the immcdiato uses of tho Army.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
War Department, February 28,1871.
Tho Secretary of War has tho honor to report to
the Senate of the United States, in answer to tho
resolution of February 27,1871, that certain recom-
mendations of the commander of the department
of the Missouri, for the enlargement of the military
depot at Fort Leavenworth, have already been sub-
mitted to the Senate in answer to its resolution of
February 9, 1871, and it remains only for the Sec-
retary of War to state that the military interests
of the United States could not tail to bo greatly
promoted and the military expenditures in future
greatly economized by tho_ proposed enlargement
and improvement of tho military establishment at
Fort Leavenworth; and for those reasons, concur-
ring with tho department commander and the Gen-
eral of the Army, a grant of the necessary appro-
priation is strongly recommended.
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this provision
is one which it seems to me has properly no
claim to a place in this bill. The proposition
was originally suggested by the general com-
manding in that region of country. It was
submitted to the last Congress by the Secre-
tary of War, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, who did not see any reason
for recommending any legislation. The Sec-
retary of War himself was before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and made his explan-
ation of the matter. The committee appointed
one of thei-r number to eonfer with the Depart-
ment, so that if necessary to meet any exigency
an appropriation might be made. But from
beginning to end there never was a sugges-
tion from the Department that we should make
au appropriation of this kind. The proposi-
tion at this session originated in the laudable
ambition of a new member of the other branch
to do something for his State. As I see by
the Globe, he announced that this was the
first thing he asked for his State; and he put
the proposition on the ground that in the gen-
eral division he ought to have arshare for his
State. As I see this in the Globe, I suppose
it is not unparliamentary to allude to it. He
wanted in the first place $300,000 as his share
in this bill. But the Senate refused to vote
that amount. Then he came down to $200,000,
which also the Senate refused to vote. Then
he said that if he could not get $200,000, he
would take $100,000, and the Senate con-
sented to give him that amount. That is all
there is in the matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must say, and
ho takes the opportunity now, that the senior
member of the House has 
Mr. DAWES. I apologize to the Speaker
and to the House if l have transgressed any
rule.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair only desires
to take this occasion to soy that there has been
in the recent debates of the House a great deal
too much reference to what has taken place in
tho Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I made my remarks with all
respect. I said that it was a very laudable
effort on the part of the Senator in question.
The SPEAKER. No debate or vote in the
Senate ought ever to be used as an argument
in this House.
Mr. COX. I hope there will be no resolu-
tion censuring the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 only stated what I saw in
the Globe.
Mr. COX. The gentleman should not be
censured.
Mr. DAWES. I insist that I should not be
censured. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not mean
it as any censure.
Mr. DAWES. I have only stated what I
have seen in the Globe.
Mr. CONGER. I apologize for my friend
from Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. My friend from Massachusetts
has infracted the rules of the House; but I
hope no one will offer a resolution of censure.
The SPEAKER. Business has intervened,
and it is too late to raise the point, [daughter.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, we gave $28,-
000,000 in the regular appropriation bill for
the Army; $4,000,000 were for quartermas-
ter's supplies, $1,000,000 were for stables and
other things connected with the cavalry. The
Department has not come before the commit-
tee and asked for this. It is a Kansas propo-
sition, and any one reading the debate must
see that the great idea was to improve the
value of property in Leavenworth.
Mr. LOWE. I do not suppose any gentle-
man would say that because the Secretary ol'
War and the General of the Army afe inter-
ested in property in Leavenworth they recom-
mend this appropriation. It is not the case
at all that they are interested in property
there.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations suggests that this should not be
adopted in this bill because it is independent
legislation. When we have included appro-
priations for orphan asylums and provisions
for an entirely new issue of currency and other
things, it seems to me gentlemen ought not to
object to this amendment. It seems whatever
may be' desired by a majority of members
should go into this bill. My amendment is as
appropriate to this bill as three fourths ol the
items in it.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, it is a mat-
ter of perfect indifference to me whether this
amendment goes into this bill or not. I con-
sider it a wasteful and unnecessary appropri-
ation. I believe Leavenworth is not the proper
place for these cavalry barracks. They should
be further west. It is well known that, Indian
hostilities are almost exclusively in southern
Arizona and New Mexico. This cavalry bar-
rack, therefore, cannot certainly be designed for
troops operating in that region of country. My
