16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 73) to authorize the promulgation of the
general regulations for the government of the
Army; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 74) relating to moneys paid into the courts
of the1 United States ; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 75) to promote the construction of
the Cincinnati and Southern railway ; which
was read a first time by its title.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I do not want
to assume the position of discourtesy in object-
ing to the Senator introducingthat bill without
notice ; but I wish him to give me some assur-
ance that the measure shall not be hurried
through the Senate ; that there shall be reason-
able time to examine it, and for the gentlemen
■who are opposed to it to present their views in
opposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do that with great pleas-
ure. I intend to move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, so that the Senator will
have ample opportunity to examine it; but I
desire to have action upon it at this session if
it is prolonged.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I notify the hon-
orable Senator that I shall move to refer it to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ator from Kentucky objects, the bill will be
considered as read the second time and laid
on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I object to its
being read the second time to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been read
the first time, and will be laid on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask to have the bill
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
eel'okt 01' commissioner of education.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a concurrent res-
olution. a rather venerable resolution, which
some of the Senators will remember. I sup-
pose it must lie on the table for the present:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That tilore be printed twenty
thousand additional copies of the last report of the
Commissioner of Education, of which live thousand
copies shall be for the use of the Somite, ton thou-
sand copies shall be for t.lie use of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and live thousand copies shall be for
the use of the Bureau ot ISducation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie on the table for the present.
publication of debates.
Mr. ANTHONY. At the last session of
Congress a communication from the publish-
ers of the Congressional Globe was referred
to the Committee on Printing, of which I was
then a member, relating to the contract for
publishing the debates of Congress. The con-
tract ceased on the 4th of March. It was
impossible at that time to give any attention
to the subject. We were in the closing days
of the session, when I need not remind you,
sir, that every Senator was taxed to the utmost
capacity of his physical endurance, and more-
over there was not at that time a quorum of
the joint Committee on Printing oil the part
of the House. It was impossible for us to
give any intelligent consideration to the sub-
ject, and therefore we did not consider it at
all. In an informal interview which I had
with one of the publishers of the Congressional
Globe I stated to him that I thought if he went
011 continuing the publication of the debates
until there was time for the consideration of
the subject and for a report to be made by the
Committee on Printing, when it should be
appointed, to the Senate and to the House, I
presumed the two Houses of Congress would
do him justice and see him paid; and I told
hira I would make this statement to the Sen-
ate. Of course I had no authority to make
any arrangement, because I had ceased to be
a member of the committee by the expiration
of the Congress,, and he understands that, if
he goes on, he goes 011 relying upon the jus-
tice of Congress, which I think will not fail
him. I therefore submit this statement that
Senators may know the condition in which the
publication now is.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of.
the House of Representatives :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives declare their respective Houses
adjourned sine die on Wednesday, the 8th day of
March instant, at twelve o'clock in.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that that resolution
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are in order. [A pause.] There seem
to be no Senate resolutions to be presented.
The Chair has concluded the order of business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at twelve
o'clock and forty-seven minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 7, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleu, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
members sworn in.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. My colleague, Mr. Freeman Clakke,
was obliged toleave the Hall on Saturday be lore
being sworn in, on account of illness. I ask
that he now be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. If there beany other gen-
tleman present who has not been sworn in he
will present himself.
Mr. FARNSWOIiTH. I was about to
ask that the gentleman from the third district
of Arkansas, Mr. Edwards, be sworn in.
believe there was some objection made to him,
but I think his credentials are regular.
Mr. BURDETT. I object to the swearing
in of Mr. Edwards.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only invites
those gentlemen to present themselves in regard
to whom there is no contest.
Mr. Freeman Clarke, Representative from
the twenty-eighth district of New York, and
Mr. Daniel W. Voorhees, Representative
from the sixth district of Indiana, then pre-
sented themselves at the bar of the House
and qualified by taking the oath prescribed
by the act of July 2, 1862.
order op business.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to olfer a resolution calling for inform-
ation.
Mr. WOOD. I call for the regular order of
business ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Whatisthe regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The calling of committees
for reports ; and as there are no committees
to report, the next business in order is the call
of the Stales and Territories for resolutions.
committee to wait on the president,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the joint committee of both Houses
appointed to wait upon the President of the
United States to inform him that a quorum of
the two Houses of Congress had assembled,
and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication he may make, report that they have
performed that duty. The President said he
had no communication to make at present to
Congress, but 'that he may have some com-
munication to make in the course of a week,
and the President expressed a desire that
during this week no day should be fixed for a
final adjournment of the two Houses.
election contest arkansas.
Mr. BURDETT presented the memorial of
Thomas Boles, claimingtobethemember elect
to the Forty-Second Congress from the third
district of Arkansas, together with the follow-
ing resolution :
Resolved, That the papers and credentials of Hon.
John Edwards, and the certified papers and returns
presented to the House of Representatives by Hon.
Thomas Boles, each claiming to be elected to the
Forty-Sccond Congress from the third district of
Arkansas, be referred to the Committee of Elections,
to be hereafter appointed, with instructions to report
to the House which, if either, of said claimants, is
entitled to a seat in tho House of Representatives
from the said third district of Arkansas.
Mr. BURDETT. I do not suppose that it
is necessary for me to make any explanation
of this matter beyond what is contained in the
papers presented. I presume there will be no
objection to referring this whole matter to the
Committee of Elections when appointed.
Mr. FARN9WORTH. That is right.
Mr. BURDETT. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BURDETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
virginia representative-at-lakge.
Mr. DUKE. I rise to a question of privilege,
and present the credentials of R. T. Daniels,
Iiepresentative-at-Large from the State of
Virginia, and move that they be referred to
the Committee of Elections when appointed.
The SPEAKER. That hardly presents a
question of privilege; but if there be no objec-
tion the Chair will entertain the motion.
No objection was made ; and the motion
was agreed to,
appointment op committees.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
privilege, and submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker be. and he is hereby,
requested to proceed at once to appoint the standing
committees of this House, reserving such vacancies
as in his judgment may be proper for Representa-
tives not yet elected.
Mr. POLAND. Is that a question of privi-
lege ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; though the Chair
is very glad the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] has introduced the subject for the
consideration of the House; and it will be
received and considered at this time, if there
be no objection.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope there will be no
objection to entertaining the resolution, and
that we may have a little discussion upon it.
Mr. POLAN D. I have no objection to the
discussion.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not yield the floor for
that purpose. I hope I may be indulged in a
fewremarks. I do notolfer this resolution with
any view of trying to suggest to the majority in
this'House what they ought to do in the matter
embraced in this resolution. Before introdu-
cing it I first consulted with some gentlemen
who belong to the majority, and it was deemed
best that the resolution should come from this
side of the House; for if it was offered by any
gentleman on the other side it might be con-
sidered that he was perhaps seeking some
prominent place upon some committee, or to
give him some precedence in the matter of
committees. That objection of course cannot
apply to me, and 1 presume it will not apply
to any gentleman on this side of the House.
I am not in favor of remaining here for gen-
