722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
information is from a gentleman, who has just
returned from the Indian country, and who is
as well informed upon that subject, perhaps,
as any other man in the country. He has no
possible interest in this matter except it be the
one which I feel to subserve, as far as possi-
ble, the public good. I trust the House will
confirm the action of the Forty-First Congress
and will reject this appropriation as one alto-
gether unnecessary.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
say that this appropriation, in iny judgment,
is wholly unnecessary. It will require more
money to bring cavalry horses to Leavenworth
than to take forage out to them on the plains
where the cavalry may be operating agaiust
the Indians. One hundred thousand dollars
to provide shelter for one regiment of cavalry
is undoubtedly an extravagant appropriation,
and I am strongly impressed with the belief
that forage can be carried much cheaper to our
cavalry out upon the plains where their ser-
vices are necessary against the Indians than in
bringing thein away from their field of opera-
tions such a long distance to Leavenworth.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAWES. - I move the following amend-
ment:
For covering the steam pipes in the Capitol with
fire proof, non-conducting felting, $8,000.
It is ascertained that must be done, and it
ought to be done before the cold weather sets in.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move the following amend-
ment:
And there is hereby appropriated $975 in gold and
4400 in currcney to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to refund these sums to James M. Hagar, owner
of theship Ida Lilly, erroneously collected from the
master of said vessel contrary to law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
on that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I can briefly state the facts
in this case. The master of this vessel was
compelled by one of our consuls to pay a cer-
tain sum of money contrary to law, which has
been covered into the Treasury under the law
passed by us last summer. I have all the
papers in the case, and I am satisfied the money
ought tot be refunded, the Secretary of the
Treasury having decided that the money was
unlawfully collected.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Is not this like
those cases where taxes have been unlawfully
collected?
Mr. DAWES. Something like them. This
was submitted from the Treasury Department
only this morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. L. MYERS: I move to amend the
sixty-fifth amendment of the Senate, which
repeals the act to fix the time for the regular
meeting of Congress, by adding thereto the
following words:
Provided, That this repeal shall not take effect
until after the 4th of March, 1881.
Mr. DAWES. I believe that that section
has been passed. Is it now in order to move
an amendment ?
Mr. L. MYERS. The amendment I have
offered is a proviso, adding words to the sec
tion, and does not in any way interfere with
what has been already passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would regard
the amendment as in order.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. L. Myers, there were—ayes
70, noes 83.
Mr. TYNER called for tellers.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and. nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. If I am not too late, I desire to
make the point of order that the question
involved in the amendment has already been
decided.
The SPEAKER, The Chair is glad to re-
spond to the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] and will
make a brief statement. In considering a bill
in the House as in Committee of the Whole
the mode of its consideration is rather unde-
fined. It is an abnormal proceeding. The
Chair, in pursuance of what is the obviously
correct course in Committee of the Whole, has
refused to entertain motions to reconsider or
to,lay on the table. This restricts the power
of the House over the bill very much, and
cuts off the power which ordinarily belongs to
members; because after a bill has been con-
sidered with its various amendments in Com-
mittee of the Whole it is the right of any mem-
ber to have a separate vote in the House
afterward on any of the amendments. This
is cat off by the arrangement to which the
Chair is now adverting. The agreement here
was that the amendments of the Senate should
not be considered one by one, but that they
should be considered in three separate classes;
first, those in which concurrence.was recom-
mended ; second, those in which concurrence
with an amendment was recommended; and
next, those in which non-concurrence was rec-
ommended. But there was no order made in
regard to it, and the Chair would feel it to be
very restrictive upon the power of the House
to rule out an amendment as not in order. The
Chair however holds that debate is closed upon
this section and upon the amendments thereto,
and therefore no debate can be raised upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The question was on the amendment offered
by Mr. L. Myers to the sixty-fifth section, on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 96, not voting
49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, George M. Brooks, -Buckley, Buf-
tinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Cobb,
Coburn, Conger. Cotton. Creely. De Large, Duell,
Dunn ell, Eames, Elliott. Finkelnburg, Charles Fos-
ter, Garfield, Halsey. George E. Harris. Hp.vens,
Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Ilazleton, Johu W. Hazle-
ton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Lamport. Lansing,
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McJunkin, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer. Palmer, Isaac
C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron 1. Perrv. Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prindle, Raincy, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Shellabarger, H.
Boardman bmith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas
J. Speer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stovvell,
St. John, Xaffe, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tyner, Wakeman, Waldeu.Waldron, Wall ace,"Walls,
Whiteley, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John
X. Wilson—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beck, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Carroll, Cook. Cox,
Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dawes, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Karris worth, Farwell, Forker,
Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Gets;, Goiladav,
Griffith, Hale, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T.
Harris, Hereford, Hibbard.Holman. Kendall, Kerr,
King, Kinsella, Lamison, Leach. Lewis, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormiek. McCrary, Mc-
Henry, Mclntyre, McKinney, MeNeely, Mercur,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Morgan, Nib-
lack, Eli Perry, Potter, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, William R. Roberis, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sco-
field, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker. Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Strong, Swann, Terry, Dwight
Townsend, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, War-
ren, Wells, Wheeler, Whitthorue, Williams of New
York. Winchester, Wood, and Young—96.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barnum,
Biggs, James G. Blair, Roderick R, Butler, Camp-
bell, Clarke, Comingo, Crebs, Darrall, Dickey. Don-
nan, Edwards, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hambleton,
Harmer, Hays, Keteham, Killinscr, McGrew, Me-
Kee, Mitchell. Morey.Morphis, Negley, Orr. Hosea
W. Parker. Perce, Peters, Price, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Robinson, Sessions, Sheldon, Worthington
C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Starkweather, Suther-
land, Sypher, Thomas, Tuthill, .Twiehell, Upson,
Voorhees, Washburn, and Williams ot Indiana—49.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. ARCHER. My colleague; Mr. Ritchie,
is paired with Mr. Perce. Mr. Ritchie would
have voted "no," and Mr. Pekce "ay."
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky. I desire to state
that I am paired on this question with Mr.
Sheldox of Louisiana. Mr. Sheldox would
have voted "ay," and I would have voted
"no."
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. My colleague,
Mr. McKee, is paired with Mr. Parker of New
Hampshire. If he were here he would have
voted "ay," and Mr. Parker ''no."
Mr. SHANKS. My colleague, Mr. Wil-
liams, is paired with Mr. Creb3. Mr. Wil-
liams would have voted "ay" if he had been
here.
Mr. WHEELER. My colleague, Mr.
KetchaM, is paired npon this question with
Mr. Barnum. My colleague would have voted
"ay."
Mr. TWICHELL. Upon this question I am
paired with my colleague, General Banks. If
he were here he would vote " no," and 1 would
vote "ay."
Mr. KERR. I desire to say for the gentle-
man from Delaware, Mr. Biggs, in reference
to this and all other votes to-day, that he iP
compelled to be absent by the trial of a cause in
the city of Philadelphia in which his personal
presence is indispensable, being himself a party
to the litigation now on trial.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Harmer, is paired upon this
question with Mr. Haldeman. Mr. Harmer
would have voted in the affirmative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the question of order
on that motion that, as we are acting as in
Committee of the Whole, if we cannot move a
reconsideration we cannot lay the bill upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule upon
that point. In this abnormal position that the
Chair has referred to the only way in which the
consideration of the bill can be terminated, and
in which that motion also can be in order, is
that t,he gentleman shall call the previous ques-
tion on the amendment to the title of the bill.
That is the last thing to be considered, and if
the House will sustain the previous question,
on the amendment to the title which is at the
end of the bill, pending that the motion to lay
upon the table will be in order, and not before.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it in order to
move to recommit the bill ?
Mr. DAWES. Not while we are acting as
we are now, as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman who raised
a point of order on the amendment I offered
yesterday withdraws the point of order.
The SPEAKER. No amendment to the bill
will now be in order except one germane to the
concluding paragraph.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following amendment:
Add to the end of the flrstsection the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized to graduate the clerical force in the office
of the Second Comptroller to the requirements of
the public service, and to allow extra compensation
to suoh clerks in said office having diseretionarv
powers, as may be recommended by the head thereof;
and that the pay of the Second Comptroller shall,
from and alter July 1, 1871, be the same as that of
the First Comptroller: Provided, That the entire
expenditure for the support of said office shall not
exceed the amount already appropriated by law lor
that office. And the pay of the First Coiuptrolk-rof
the Treasury and of the Register of the Treasury
shall be_$4,500 each, from and after the 30th day of
June, 18/1, and a sufficient sum to pay any increase
of salary herein provided is hereby appropriated.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his objection until the chairman of
the committee can make a remark to the House.
Mr. COX. Oh no; I am thoroughly posted
as to this business of the Comptrollers.
Mr. KERR. I desire leave to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in as an addi-
tional section at the close of the bill. It is the
proposition I offered the other day, and to
which objection was then made by (he gentle-
man from Massachusetts. He now withdraws
that objection, as I understand it. The amend-
ment is as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary ol
the -treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to the lawful owners, without delay,
or their legal representatives, the proceeds uf all
