1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i r
eral business; I am in favor of the earliest
adjournment. But I do believe that if there
be any public reason in the world which makes
it proper for this Congress to meet on the 4th
of March, immediately succeeding the late Con-
gress, and elect its Speaker and other officers,
that reason applies as much to the organization
of the committees of the House. I agree that
it is very desirable that gentlemen who are
regarded as candidates for the office of Speaker
and for the other offices of the House shall
understand at an early day whether or not they
are to be chosen to those places.
I know there are some reasons, such, of
course, as prevailed when this practice was
adopted five years ago, why this early session
of Congress should be held, why it is best to
have a Congress always organized, one that
may be convened at any time for the trans-
action of such business as the President of
the United States may desire to bring before
us, or to invite our attention to, on any emer-
gency that may arise.
But I submit that there is no propriety in
our calling gentlemen from the far-off Pacific
coast, from the distant States and Territories
of the Union, at very considerable expense,
(because all of the new members who come
here to help organize the new Congress have,
under the law, the right to mileage,) merely
to elect a Speaker, a Clerk, and some other
officers of the House, and then to adjourn and
go home. We are to-day, so to speak, in the
condition of a half-organized army; we have a
commander in-chief, but no subordinate offi-
cers; we are mastered in, but not sufficiently
organized to be able to perform any practical
^service.
We have a number of contested-election
cases that, ought at once to go to the Commit-
tee of Elections, so that the members of that
committee can, in the first place, make them-
selves familiar with the peculiar duties which
they will have to perform as members of that
very important committee. Then again, by
doing so, we can very much facilitate the decis-
ion of these contested-election cases, which is
certainly very desirable in many respects, be-
cause one of the abuses of which the people
have had a right to complain, and of which
members of Congress themselves have often
complained, is that we do not get a decision
upon these contested-election cases sometimes
till the very close of the Congress, when of
course the parties must be paid for their time
and expenses; and thus the expenditures
resulting from these contests are greatly
increased.
Then, again, I am informed that the Door-
keeper. and perhaps the Clerk, cannot pay the
subordinates in their employ without a Com-
mittee on Accounts to pass upon the matters
involved; so that we are now compelled to
have some committees if we proceed to the
transaction of any business at all.
Again, sir, I think it is proper that every
member of this House, just as much as it is
that every officer of the House, should under-
stand early in the Congress to what particular
position and duty he is to be assigned for the
succeeding two years. If a gentleman is to
be assigned to service on the Committee of
Ways and Means, there are among the ques-
tions which that committee have to pass upon
some to which he ought at once to commence
giving his attention. The case is the same
with reference to the Committee on Appro-
priations, the Committee on the Judiciary, the
Committee on Military Affairs, and, at, least,
every other important committee of this House.
Let me recapitulate briefly. ' The newly-
elected members have been called here at very
considerable expense for the purpose of assist-
ing in organizing this House, and those of us
who were members of the last Congress have
been retained here for that purpose also. In
my judgment, having now elected our Speaker
and other officers,'we ought to proceed, before
we adjourn, to organize the committees of the
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 2.
House, reserving, as provided in the resolution,
such vacancies as in the view of the Speaker may
be desirable, for members yet be to be elected.
Thus each member will understand, during the
coming vacation,to what position he isassigned,
and what will be expected of him when we
shall reassemble here on the first Monday in
December.
I know not what influences may operate upon
gentlemen on the other side of the House, or
what ideas maybe suggested to them with refer-
ence to this question; but I have taken the
liberty to submit this resolution and to express
my views upon it. I'do think that these views
will stand the test of the severest scrutiny, look-
ing merely to the practical questions involved,
without reference to any considerations of party
policy, which,'so far as they relate to the ma-
jority of this House, I am presumed not 'to
understand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to make
a remark upon this question, as it immediately
affects his duties.
Mr. NIBLACK. The Chair will understand
that I do not make this proposition with the
view of urging anything unpleasant to the
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that no such thing is intended.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have offered the resolu-
tion with the object simply of expressing my
views in reference to the policy which ought
to prevail.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards the
proposition of the gentleman as offered in per-
fect good-nature ; but he desires to make a
single suggestion. On last Saturday the
House, by a very large vote, adopted a resolu-
tion providing for the final adjournment of
both Houses to-morrow, provided the Senate
should concur in the proposition. Two years
ago when the House was organized it was
eleven days after the organization before the
Chair was able to announce the standing com-
mittees; and he was then persuaded that the
announcement was in many respects somewhat
premature. He would have been glad to have
the opportunity before making the announce-
ment to become acquainted with the antece-
dents, positions, characters, and tastes of the
various members, with reference to commit-
tee service; he thinks that such opportunity
would have enabled him to' avoid some mistakes
which possibly he committed.
The present Congress is composed more
largely than almost any of its predecessors, of
new members, and the Chair has been unable
to acquaint himself to the extent he would
desire with the characteristics, antecedents,
&c., of members, which he would wish to
know before making up the committees. Tak-
ing into view the decided manifestation of the
sentiment of the House in favor of an early
adjournment, it was not the purpose of the
Chair to announce the standing committees
until the reassembling of Congress in Decem-
ber, witlj the exception of the Committee of
Elections, the Committee on Mileage, the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and possibly the Committee on Accounts,
these being committees for the early appoint-
ment of which there are specific necessities.
Should the House adjourn within any time
which members would now expect, say within
the next fortnight, the Chair would, from his
stand-point, regard it as decidedly inexpedient
to announce at this session the permanent
standing committees, although, of course, he
will cheerfully acquiesce in any order which
the House may adopt.
Mr. DICKEY. Will not the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblaok] consent to withdraw
the resolution till we see what action the Sen-
ate may take with reference to adjournment?
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to add a word or
two before any disposition is made of the reso-
lution.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. I do not know that my friend
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] supposes that
after these committees shall have been ap-
pointed by the Chair we shall have any prac-
tical, earnest, actual legislation, as a conse-
quence of these committees being appointed;
but I do believe if those committees are
appointed we ought to cut out some work for
them. We ought to have the tariff reformed.
We ought to have some little admonition to
the Secretary of the Treasury as to certain
matters. We ought to have the interests of
our shipping taken up here for discussion, and
various other matters concerning your Stater
Mr. Speaker, and every State represented here.
The moment we appoint these committees we
are at sea. We will have a large expanse of
legislation and will be kept here till May. That
is my judgment.
I think, therefore, the suggestion of the
Speaker is eminently wise, that we should
avoid starting upon this uncertain sea of legis-
lation. If we should do so, we do not know
where we will end. We have had experience
before, as my friend from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] knows, as to the results of starting
in the work of legislation. 1 would not be
disposed to stay for anything that may turn
up, whether it comes from San Domingo or
anywhere else. I wish to stay here only until
we can effect an adjournment, and I think we
should keep on moving to adjourn until we do
adjourn, so that the country and the members
shall have some rest from this legislation which
has not hitherto been very good for the coun-
try. If this be done we will come back here
refreshed in December, and the Speaker will
be ready to exercise proper discrimination as
to the members who shall be placed on the
several'committees. I decidedly favor the
suggestion made by his honor the Speaker.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to say another
word before I yield to anybody else. I stated
distinctly at the outset of my remarks that I
did not propose that the House should go into
general legislation now. But having been sum-
moned here under the law of Congress to
organize the present Congress, I felt as if we
ought not, to adjourn without effecting a com-
plete organization. That is simply my posi-
tion. As to general legislation, I am distinctly
opposed to it now.
I also remember very well that we voted on
Saturday to adjourn both Houses on to-morrow
if the Senate should consent. But in view of
the report which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] lias just made to the
House, that the President does not desire us
to adjourn this week, and, more than that, does
not desire us to fix the day of adjournment
during the present week, and in view of the
fact that the Senate at all events is likely to be
kept here for some time, and, as it seems, would
rather desire if it remains that we should
remain also, I have no hope of getting away
to-morrow, or indeed for some days to come,
or perhaps for some weeks to come, if, then,
we should not adjourn over this week, as I
think we will not, for the reasons I have alluded
to, then I think in the mean time the appoint-
ment of the committees should be proceeded
with. Otherwise I repeat there was no pro-
priety under the heavens of summoning us here
for the purpose of electing a Speaker, Clerk,
and other officers; none whatever.
But if we do not intend to organize the
committees at the first session of Congress,
let us before we adjourn at least vote to repeal
the law which called us here on the 4th March.
Let us get rid at all events of that stupendous
folly. 1 had thought that we were going to
repeal the law at last session. But we did not,
for reasons on which it is unnecessary for me
now to enter. But I think we ought to adopt
one or the other policy, either to effect a com-
plete organization of Congress when we meet,
or else not to meet at all on the 4th March,
waiting, as we used to do, until the first Mon-
