726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
The question then recurred upon the motion
of Mr. Dawes, that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITION.
Ifce following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. LOWE. The petition of Mrs. C. K.
Holliday and 186 others, ladies of Kansas, for
such legislation as will secure to women the
right of suffrage in the several States, to which
they deem them entitled as citizens of the Uni-
ted States under the fourteenth and fifteenth
articles of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 17, 18T1.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
election 0e president pro tempore.
The Secretary (Hon. George C. Gorham)
called the Senate to order and said: I have
received the following communication from
the Vice President:
Vice President's Chambek,
washington, April 15,1871.
Beak Sir : Please inform the Senate, on its assem-
bling Monday morning, that I shall not occupy the
chair during the remainder of this session.
Respectfully yours,
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
George C. Gorham,
Secretary United States Senate,
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Secretary, I send to
the desk a resolution which I ask to have the
Senate adopt.
The Secretary. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts asks the present consideration of the
following resolution:
Besolwi, That in the abscnce of the Vice Pres-
ident Hon. Henry B. Anthony be, and he is hereby,
chosen President pro tempore.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to, nem. con.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United States and inform him that in
the absence of the Vice President the Senate has
chosen Hon. Henry B. Aschoxy, a Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, President of the Senate
pro tempore ,* and that he make a similar communi-
cation to the House of Representatives.
Mr. ANTHONY took the chair as President
pro tempore and called the Senate to order.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
last was read and approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication of the Secretary
of the Interior, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the 18th instant, requiring a
statement of the total and the representa-
tive population of each State of the Union, as
ascertained by the ninth census ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report of
an engineer reconnoissance of the Yukon
river, Alaska territory, made under the orders
of the commanding general of the military
division of the Pacific ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
washington city savings-bank.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the annual report of the Wash-
ington Ciiy Savings Bank, in compliance with
law j which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have two petitions, one
from-Syracuse, New York, signed by seventy-
two persons, and one from Springfield, Rob-
ertson county, Tennessee, signed by fifty-one
persons, mak'r.igthe same complaints in regard
to the rulings of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue as the petitioners whose petitions I
presented the other day. As the Committee
on Finance have been directed to sit during
the recess on questions involving the matters
stated in these petitions, I ask that the petitions
which I now present, together with those which
I presented the other day on the same subject,
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the petitions will be referred.
The Chair hears no objection, and they will be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BOREMAN. I present the petition of
James V. Boughner, of West Virginia, in
regard to a defect in the title of some land
which he seems to have entered during the
war, and graying fo* relief. There were some
papers presented on the same subject a year
or two since which I should like to have with-
drawn and referred, with this petition, to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to refer petitions, as under
the rule they are to be laid on the table. The
papers, however, can be withdrawn.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not wish to carry the
papers away; but I want them to go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the order for the withdrawal
of the papers heretofore presented will be made;
and they, together with the petition now pre-
sented, will be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. The Chair hears no objection,
and that course will be pursued.
Mr. RICE presented a petition of citizens of
the counties of Columbia and Hempstead,
Arkansas, praying the establishment of a post
route from Lamartine, iu Columbia county,
running northwest and intersecting the Cam-
den and Washington route at Centreville, in
Hempstead county, Arkansas; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of manufacturers of machinery, call-
ing the attention of Congress to the interests
of their branch of manufacture and the rela-
tion of the present tariff thereto, and praying
that a duty of sixty per cent, ad valorem be
levied on all importations of machinery manu-
factured in part or in whole of iron or steel;
which was, by unanimous consent, referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LOGAN presented a memorial of Rob-'
ert Tillson & Co., of Quincy, Illinois, praying
allowance of claim for damages sustained by
them in consequence of failure of the United
States to fulfill a certain contract for equip-
ments, &c. ; which was, by unanimous con-
sent, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
committee on public buildings.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By the act
of the 8d of March the Committees on Public
Buildings and Grounds of the two Houses are
required to decide as to the kind of atone of
which the new State Department shall be con-
structed. In consequence of there being no
committee appointed by the House till a few
days ago, the committees have been unable to
attend to this duty. In consideration of the
considerable interest manifested in the matter,
it is deemed important by the two committees
that they shall receive samples of the various
kinds of stone, and also statements from par-
ties owning quarries as to the prices at which
they will be willing to enter into a contract to
furnish the same. To this end an advertise-
ment has been issued and circulars will be sent
to parties stating that the committee will meet
on the 2tith of this present month to decide
upon the question. But it occurs to us that
if Congress should adjourn our action might
not be strictly legal; and therefore I am re-
quested to ask that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds on the part of the Sen-
ate have leave to sit until the 1st of May.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let them have leave to
sit during the recess. There is no objection
to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds have leave
to sit during the recess.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask, renewing the
request I made the other morning, that the
Senate consider a bill which was reported Iroia
the Committee on Indian Affairs relative !o
selling a strip of land in the State of Kansas
which has been settled upon. It is known as
the Cherokee strip. It has been settled upon,
and the parties settling desire their patents.
There seems to be no objection to it now. The
Senator who made the objection before author-
izes me to say that he has examined the mat-
ter and will not make any further objection
to the consideration of the bill. He does not
think it is a good bill, but he will not object
to its consideration at this time. If there be
no objection, I ask for its present considera-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The Sen-
ator from Kansas asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of tbe bill indi-
cated by him.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Marvland. For the
present I shall object to the consideration of
any bill which is not in order.
professor henry.
Mr. CASSERLY. The other day I objected
to the consideration of a House resolution
giving the consent of Congress to Professor
Henry, of the Smithsonian Institution, to
accept certain testimonials conferred upon him
by the king of Norway. I wish to say now,
in withdrawing that objection, why I made it
and why I withdraw it. I made it, sir, because
I considered the practice an objectionable one.
I regard it as in conflict with the letter and
the spirit of the Constitution, certainly with
the spirit of it, that there should be any such
thing as a class of men growing up here with
decorations and orders, and perhaps even titles
of rank and nobility, derived from foreign Gov-
ernments. But, sir, the practice has existed,
and I do not wish now to take an objection to
the continuance of it in this particular case.
I do not wish it, because that might seem to
make an invidious distinction against Professor
Henry. From what I know of him, I know of
no one against whom such a distinction might
not better be made than against him. He is,
I believe, an able man, a faithful servant of
the Government, an accomplished and esti-
mable citizen in every respect, and I am very
glad to yield to the representations of the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. HamlinJ who is not now
here, and the Senator from Kentucky near me,
[Mr. Davis,] both members of the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and
to withdraw my objection.
The PRESIDENT pro lempore. Does the
Senator ask unanimous consent to proceed to
the consideration of that bill ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I believe the Senator
from Kentucky wishes to put the resolution on
its passage now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is under
stood that it is that resolution only; that noth
ing else is to come in.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 42) giving the consent of Congress
to Professor Joseph Henry, Secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution, to accept the title and
regalia of a commander of the Royal Norwegian
Order of St. Olaf, conferred upon him by the
king of Sweden and Norway, grand master of
said order, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
