1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 79) for the relief of Dudley D. Smith in
his own right and as administrator of Whit-
comb Smith, deceased ; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 80) to ratify and carry into effect the con-
stitution and form of government for the Indian
Territory adopted December 20, A. D. 1870,
at Ockmulgee, by the general council of said
Territory, held by the authority of the Gov-
ernment^? the United States ; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 81) defining swamp and overflowed lauds;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. BLAIK asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
82) for the relief of Tinsley, Van Horn & Co.,
Glenn, Overall & Clark, and J. N. Henderson
& Co., of Louisiana, Missouri; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 83) granting the right of way and lands in
aid of i he construction of a canal for irrigating
and other purposes in the county ot El Dorado
and other counties in the State of California;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 wish to state in regard
to this billfhat it is of the same general nature
with one which I introduced at the last Con-
gress 1 have not examined it, however, and
probably it will require some amendments. I
shall ask to have it referred to the Committee
on Public Lands whenever that committee shall
be appointed, and in tbe mean time I move that
it be printed for greater convenience, and lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
84) relative to a harbor of refuge and break-
water at the entrance of the Cape Cod ship-
canal ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by uuani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 85) to further the administration
of justice ; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (8. No. 86) relating to the resigna-
tion of judges ot courts of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill was
considered in the Committee on the Judiciaiy
at the last session, and if it meets the approval
of the members of that committee 1 ask lor its
present consideration.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
on the table for the present.
Mr. CRAG1N asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
87) for the relief of Carlton A. Uber; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
8Sj to amend an actentitled " An act to divide
the State of Virginia into two judicial dis-
tricts ' which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LEWIS also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 89) to create a port of delivery at Potomac,
Virginia, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to He on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 90) forthe relief of John E.
Wheeler; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 91) to provide for a build-
ing for United States courts, post office, pen-
sion and internal revenue offices at Grand Rap-
ids, Michigan; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
92) to amend an actentitled "An act to remove
the charge of desertion from certain soldiers
of the thirteenth Tennessee cavalry," approved
April 10, 1869; which was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
93) granting the right of way to certain rail-
roads in the Territory of Colorado ; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SCOTT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 94) for the relief of Miss Keturah Cole;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 95) for the relief of Minerva Lewis, as
administratrix of the estate of Ezekiel Lewis,
deceased; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. PRATT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan & Dickin-
son, of Knoxville, Tennessee; which was read
twice by its "title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. PRATT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 97) for the relief of William Henry
Otis; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
98) for the relief of Lieutenant JohifShelton;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 99) supplementary to an act entitled^ "An
act to protect all citizens of the United States
in their civil rights, and to furnish the means
for their vindication," passed April 9, 1866;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill has already been
twice reported adversely upon by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. I think, therefore, it will
not be advisable to refer it again to that com-
mittee. It is a very important bill; nothing
more importantcould be submitted to the Sen-
ate; and I submit, that Congress ought to act
upon it before we go home. No resolution of
adjournment should be adopted until the bill
I now hold in ray hand, or something equiva-
lent to it, becomes a law.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the title of the bill?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
asks me what the title of the bill 4s. I will
read bun the title, and also the first section. It
is entitled "A bill supplementary to an act
entitled 'An act to protect all citizens ot the
United States in their civil rights, and to lur-
nish the means for their vindication, passed
April 9, 1866." In other words, this bill is
supplementary to what is known as the civil
rights act; and the first section is as follows :
That all citizens of the United States, withoutdis-
tinotion of race, color, or previous condition ot
servitude, are entitled to the eciunl and impartial
enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage, facil-
ity, or privilege furnished by common earners,
whether on land or water; by inn-keepers; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters
or other places of public amusement; by trustees,
commissioners, superintendents, teachers, or other
officers of common schools and other publio insti-
tutions of learning, the same beinR supported or
authorized by law; by trustees or officers of eliureh
organizations, ccmotcry associations, and benevo-
lent institutions incorporated by national or State
authority; and this right shall not be denied or
abridged on any pretense of raoe, color, or previous
condition of servitude.
That proposition is simple. In this bill there
are penalties for its enforcement. Why should
any one here hesitate to make this a law? It
is in conformity with the Declaration of Inde-
pendence and with the Constitution of the
United States, neither of which knows any-
thing of the word "white." And now, sir,
allow me to say that you cannot expect repose
in this country, you ought not to expect it,
until all citizens are really equal before the
law. Why. sir, you know well that the Sen-
atorfrom Mississippi, who sat at our right only
the other day, (Mr. Bevels,) cannot travel to
his home as you can without being insulted on
account of his color. And, Mr. Vice Presi-
dent, has he not the same rights before the
law that you have? Should you enjoy in any
car a privilege which the late Senator from
Mississippi should not enjoy? And yet you
know his rights in the cars are not secured to
him ; you know that he is exposed to insult.
So long as this endures, how can you expect
the colored population of this country to place
trust in our Government? Government insults
them so long as it refrains from giving them
protection in these rights of equality.
Now, sir, I call attention to this bill, and
give notice that I shall do what I can to press
it to a vote. Senators may vote it down ; they
may take that responsibility; but I shall take
mine, God willing. 1 believe that our colored
fellow-citizens are exposed to outrage which
the Congress of the United States can arrest;
and so long as Congress fails to arrest this
outrage the Republican party, with which I
am associated, with whose welfare and success
I am identified, must necessarily suffer. How
can the Republican party turn to their colored
fellow-citizens for their votes when they leave
them to be insulted, as they are now, whenever
they travel upon a railway or enter a hotel?
Sir, I give notice that I shall press this bill to
3 The'VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
on the table for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 100) to provide for the adjustment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the 31st day of July, 1801; which was read
twice by its title. ,
Mr. SUMNER. At the proper time 1 shall
move the reference of this bill to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Kel&tions. It is bill very
familiar in this Chamber. The parties in in-
terest have waited long for justice, and it
seems to me the time has at last arrived when
they ought to receive it. This bill during the
present session of Congress should be pressed
to a final decision. I move that for the present
it lie on the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b.
No. 101) to amend the act approved June 21,
1870, for the improvement of M street, m the
city of Washington ; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to lie on the table, ana
be printed,
Mr. HAMLIN also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 102) to provide for the_ transportation
of tbe mails between the United States and
Europe, and for other purposes ; which was
