1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
the second time by its title, in order that it
may be in a condition to be referred when the
committees are appointed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I hope it will
not be read now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to have
it read by its title the second time, so that it
may be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce when organized. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that I do not intend to
press the bill beyond the ordinary parliament-
ary rules. Those interested against the bill
of course -will have an opportunity to appear
before the committee; and when it comes before
the Senate there will be ample time for its
discussion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have no objec-
tion to the bill being read and referred when
the committees are organized.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator has no
objection to its being read the second time and
referred to-morrow, that will answer my pur-
pose.
Mr.-DAVIS, of Kentucky. I object to its
being read until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
present the bill for its second reading 
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I am willing not to
have it read until to-morrow, as the Senator
from Kentucky makes no objection to its then
being read and referred.
Mr. POMEROY. I renew the motion that
the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on that motion, the Chair desires
to state to the Senate that he is compelled to
be absent from the city to-morrow. The Sen-
ate will therefore be recfuired, at its meeting
to-morrow, to elect a President pro tempore.
The Senator from Kansas moves that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at twelve
o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, March 9, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Tuesday last was read and
approved.
MINTS, COINAGE, ETC.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 5) revising the laws
relative to the mints, assay offices, and coin-
age of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and to be referred to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures when appointed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 6} for the removal of
all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third faction of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and to be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary when
appointed.
ELECTION CONTEST—MAXWELL VS. HOOPER.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, presented the
memorial of George R. Maxwell, contesting
the seat of William H. Hooper, as Delegate
from the Territory of Utah; which was ordered
to be referred to the Committee of Elections
when appointed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I call'for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. There'being no commit-
tees to which to refer bills if introduced, the
first business in order will be the call of States,
beginning with the State of Maine, for resolu-
tions, &c., for consideration: at this time.
REPEAL OF DOTY ON SALT.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 9)
to repeal the duty on salt; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this act salt shall be
placed on the free list, and no further impost
duties shall be collected upon the same.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to move an amendment to his bill to re-
peal also the duty on coal.
Mr. HALE. That is a separate matter,
which I will offer immediately after this bill
shall have been referred to the Committee of
the Whole. I shall, on the first opportunity,
move to go into Committee of the Whole to
consider both measures.
Mr. COX,. If it is sent to the Committee
of the Whole it will be killed, as it was killed
in the last Congress. We had better consider
it now.
Mr. WOOD. Let it be considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Is it not necessary,
under the rules, that this bill shall receive its
first consideration in Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. It is, if objection is made
to its consideration in the House at this time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I object.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
'REPEAL OE DUTY ON COAL.
Mr. HALE also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 2) to repeal the duty on coal;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that from and after the passage of this
joint resolution no tax or duty shall be levied
or collected upon any foreign coal introduced
into the United States.
Mr. McGREW. I object to this joint res-
olution being considered in the House at this
time.
The SPEAKER. It will be referred, under
the rules, to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COX. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the House now resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of
considering the bill and joint resolution just
referred to that committee.
The SPEAKER. That is the only business
now in Committee of the Whole.
The question was taken upon going into Com-
mittee of the Whole, and upon a division there
were—ayes 85, noes 61.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. KELLEY called for tellers. •
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. BECK. I call for the yeas and nays.
We may as well order them at once, for we will
have to come to that.
Mr. RANDALL. Is that in order, before
the vote is taken by tellers, which have been
ordered ?
The SPEAKER. If the House shall order
the yeas and nays, that will take precedence
of the order for tellers.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. Pending that motion, I
move that when the House adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COX. I hope we will not adjourn until
we have disposed of the tariff on coal and salt.
Let us do that, and then we cau go home sat-
isfied.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Raxdall] will not now
ask to have the House adjourn over till
Monday. We may in a short time hear from
the other branch on the subject of the final
adjournment.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will see
that the making of a motion to adjourn
forces me to submit now the motion to adjourn
over.
Mr. DAWES. I think that if we wait hero
a short time we may be able to fix a day for
final adjournment.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the motion.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 38, noes 91.
Mr. DICKEY called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was talien; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 133, not voting
36, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ackcr, Archer, Bird, Austin Blair,
Braxton. Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Carroll,
Clarke, Oreely, Davis, Dickey, Duell, Henry D. pos-
ter, Getz, Griffith, Ilnlsey, Harmer, Harper, Hereford,
Itelley, Kendall, Killinger, Lansing, Maynard, Mc-
Clelland, McGrew, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Nesrley. Packer, Peek,
Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Randall, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rogers, Soofield, Sherwood, Shoemaker,
Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Stowell, St. John, Suther-
land, Swann, Washington Townsend, and John T.
"Wilson—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arthur, Avcrill,
Banks, Barber, Beatty, Beck, Bigby, Biggs, James
G. Biair, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bufiin-
ton, Burchard, Roderick R. Butter, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo. Conger, Cook, Cotton,
Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland.Darrall, Dawes, De
Large, Donnan, Dox, Du Bose, Bunnell, Barnes,
Eldridge. Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Garrett, Golladay, Hale. Hundley,
Hanks, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hawiey,
Hay, Gerry W. llazleton, JohnW. Hazleton, Hill,
Hoar, Kerr, Kinsclla, Lamison, Lamport, Lewis,
Lowe, Lynch, Marshall. McCormick, McCrary, Mc-
Hcnry, Mclntyre, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Monroe, Moore,Morey, Morgan, Niblack,
Orr, Packard, Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Eli Perry, Poland, Potter, Price._ Raincy,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William it.
Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sholdoi^Shellabarger, Shober, Slater,
Sloss, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevens. Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Sypher. Taffe,
Terry, Dwight Townsend. Twichell. Tjner, Upson,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wake-
man. Walden, Waldron, Walls, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, WhiTthonic, Willara, Williams of Indi-
ana, Williams of New Yoik, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and Wood—133.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barry, Bingham,
James Brooks, Duke, Elliott, Forker, Frye, Garfield,
Haldeman. Hambieton, Havens, Hays. Hoiman,
Hooper, Ketcham, King, Leach, Manson, McKee,
McNeely, Merrick, Palmer, Peters, Rusk, Slucum,
H. Boardman Smith, WorthingtonC.Smith, Thomas,
Turner, Tuthill, Wallace, Warren, Washburn, Win-
chester, and Young—36.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. PACKER. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on next
Saturday.
Mr. COX. I hope we shall have no more
filibustering. We have had enough of that.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the question of order
whether the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Packer] is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read Rule
No. 104.
The Clerk read as follows :
" The IIouso may at any time, by a vote of tho
majority of tho members present, suspend the rules
and orders for the purpose of going into the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the stato of tho Union."
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
Rule No. 101.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Pending a motion to suspend the rules, the
Speaker may entertain one motion that the IIouso
do now adjourn; but after the result thereon is an-
nounced he shall not entertain any other dilatory
motion till the vote is taken on suspension."
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. The only question now pend-
ing is whether the House will resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole, on which question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is this a motion to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose?
The SPEAKER. The House can never go
into Committee of the WhoSe without a sus-
pension of the rules. It is only by virtue of
such suspension that other business can be
overridden lor the purpose of going into Com-
