1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
bills introduced.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 316) to protect the lives and property of
the crews and passengers on board sea-going
and coasting vessels; which was, by unanimous
consent, read twice by its title.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That re-
quires unanimous consent. Is there objec-
tion to the reference to the Committee on Com-
merce of the bill introduced by the Senator
from Alabama? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the bill will be so referred.
Mr. WILSON. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to call up the bill to carry out the decision
of the Supreme Court in regard to soldiers'
bounties. It has been amended, I believe,
satisfactorily.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title of
the bill proposed to be considered will be read.
Mr. WILSON. The bill was passed before
the restrictive rule was adopted and after-
ward reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There
seems to be a difficulty in finding the bill.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 317) relating to rights of actual settlers
upon public lands ; which was read afirsttime
by its title.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill passed both
branches of Congress at the last session, but
at a very late hour, and it was lost in the
enrollment or in the confusion of final adjourn-
ment. I should like to have it taken up and
passed now. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] asks to have it read for informa-
tion, and I shall be glad to have it read in that
way.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The bill
will be read for information, subject to objec-
tion.
The bill was read, as follows :
fieitenacted, c£e., Ihatshould any settler upon any
of tbc public lands, who made said settlement with
bona fide intent to enter the same under the provis-
ions of the homestead or preemption laws of the
United States, and who has continued to reside upon
and improve the same, or the assigns of any such
claimant, who has continued such settlement, as
aforesaid, until judgment may haro been, or may
be, rendered against him by a competent court of
the United States, such settler shall bo entitled to
all the remedies and reliefs provided by the laws of
the State in which said lands are located, enacted
forthe purpose of protecting therightsof occupying
claimants. But nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to affect adversely the rights of the United
States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the consideration of this bill?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
cannot be considered, objection being made.
Mr. HARLAN. Then 1 ask that it be printed
and laid upon the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have no
objection to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be printed and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 318) to authorize the President of the Uni-
ted States to ascertain the value of certain lands
in the State of Iowa north of the Raccoon fork
of the Des Moines river held by settlers under
the preemption and homestead laws of the
United States, and subsequent to the settle-
ment thereof determined by the Supreme
Court of the United States to be Des Moines
river improvement lands; which was read a
first time by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
arkansas river bridge.
Mr. RICE. Some time since the Senate
passed a bill (S. No. 245) amendatory of an
act authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Arkansas river, and the House
passed the bill with an amendment, which
amendment has been read in the Senate; and
if there is no objection I should like unanimous
consent to have the amendment concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas asks unanimous consent
for the consideration of an amendment of the
House of Representatives to a bill of the Sen-
ate. The amendment will be read.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose it is merely
read for information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out in the second line of the bill
the words " said act" and insert in lieu thereof
"an act to authorize the construction of a
bridge across the Arkansas river at Little
Rock, Arkansas, approved July 1, 1870;" to
add at the end of the first section " the piers
of said bridge shall be parallel with the cur-
rent of said river;" and in line eighteen ofthe
second section to insert the words "by the
Secretary of War."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is a provision
in the bill that this whole structure shall be
under the control of the War Department I
shall not object; but otherwise I must object.
Mr. RICE. There is such a provision, and
also aprovision that if changes are ever required
in the bridge in order to facilitate navigation,
they shall be made at the expense of the com-
pany alone, and not at the expense of the
Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
bill lie over a moment. 1 should like to look
at the pointof which myfriend has last spoken.
Mr. RICE. It was put in atyour suggestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill will lie over.
bounties 10 soldieus.
Mr. POMEROY. If there be no objection,
I should be glad to have the bill I spoke of
this morning considered at this time. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] is
now in his seat. Nothing can be added to it
that is not germane to it. I understood the
Senator to object because there might be
amendments offered which would be in the
nature of legislation, but under the decision of
the Chair nothing can be moved that is not
germane.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is, the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilsox] asks unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of a bill, the
title of which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill
as follows: "A bill (S. No. 219) to carry into
effect the decision of the Supreme Court relat-
ing to bounty to soldiers enlisted between the
3d day of May and the 22d day of July, 1861."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is too important a
matter, I think, to be considered now. Per-
haps some of these persons ought to be re-
lieved, but I think the bill ought to go over
until the next session and be examined into.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio objects.
sale of kansas cherokee lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 272) to provide for the sale of cer-
tain Indian lands in Kansas known as the
"Cherokee strip."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better lie
over for a while.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over.
Mr. CASSERLY". I think the Senator from
Kansas should make some statement in regard
to the bill 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont objects. I
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to make a
statement if it was not objected to; but I thought
I would not make the statement if there was
any objection.
Mr. HILL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up House bill No. 213,
to authorize the issuing of a certificate of regis-
try to the brig Michael and Anna. I will
state 
Mr. POMEROY. I have not yielded the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kansas is on the floor.
Mr. HILL. I beg pardon.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont inquired of me if some papers from the
Indian nation and the Indian legislature were
in my possession giving authority to this dele-
gation to consent to the sale of these lands. I
have those papers. I thought there could be
no objection to the bill, because the settlers
had been on these lands for four years; they
are willing to pay $1 25 an acre for them;
and the Indians are willing to take it. The
settlers have occupied the land for four years ;
but the Indians cannot get the money because
there is no authority to sell. This bill simply
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to sell
the lands to the settlers who are on them at
$1 25 an acre, and allows the Indians to have
the money, and it provides for the appraisal
of that portion of the lands not occupied.
Mr. SHERMAN. Are the settlers on the
land without authority of law?
Mr. POMEROY. The lands wore embraced
in the treaty, but by a mistake the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty was numbered the third, and
they could not ad-.ninister upon it. They were
treated for and ceded to the United States and
the settlers went on under the treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. How much is it?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a strip two miles
wide and extends almost to the western bound-
ary of the State.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a pretty important
subject to take up in this informal way. I do
not know anything about it.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been brought up
here several times. I moved it as an amend-
ment on the appropriation bill, and Senators
said it was not germane to that bill, but if it
could be considered by itself they would not
object. Then the Committee on Indian Affairs
considered the subject again, and had before
them the reprcsentatievs of the Indians. I
believe the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] has been familiar with the mattei ;
several Senators have been; and T supposed
there could not be the least objection to the
bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I am pretty well
acquainted with this subject. The land is what
is called the Cherokee strip along the Kansas
southern line. It is about one mile wide at one
end and two miles at the west end. The couu-
cil and representatives of the Cherokees them-
selves want the land sold. I have a request
here on my desk from three or four of them,
men of intelligence, now attending Washing-
ton city, who want it sold. There is but one
objection to the sale, and that is this: there
are a portion of the lands that are worth $1 25
an acre, and there are a portion that aie not
worth half as much. By the bill they are to be
sold to the settlers for not less than $1 25 an
acre. The Cherokees, who are men of intelli-
gence and understand the subject very well,
are willing to accept the terms and desire the
bill to be passed. 1 therefore hope the bill will
be passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the con-
sideration ofthe bill objected to? Does the
Senator from Vermont object to it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have looked at a doc-
ument, which appears to be a proper one, from
the council of the nation authorizing the per-
sons who have made this arrangement, and
who wish to have it carried out, to act for
them; and being satisfied of that fact, I do not
