730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
feel it to be my duty to interpose any further
objection.
Mr. CALDWELL. I hope there will be no
objection to this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the objection is withdrawn.
Mr. CALDWELL. I was going to say that
the agent of the Cherokees is now here, and
settlers are going in there rapidly. AH they
ask is that they may be authorized to buy aud
pay for this land $1 25 an acre. The matter
has been in controversy for a good while, and it
is important to that section of the country that
it should be settled. I hope the bill will pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The objec-
tion is withdrawn.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object. I wish to
ascertain from the Chair whether the consid-
eration of this bill or any other bill is not in
violation of the rule adopted by the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is, and
it can only be done by unanimous consent, as
all other rules can be suspended.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then, inasmuch as the
Senate have cast off a measure which, in my
opinion, is more important than any measure
that has been or can be presented to the Sen-
ate, I shall object to the consideration of this
or any other bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill lies over.
BRIG MICHAEL AND ANNA.
Mr. HILL. I renew the request I made
a moment ago. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate that this little bill, House bill
No. 213, to authorize the issuing of a certifi-
cate of registry to the brig Michael and Anna,
which passed the House after full considera-
tion, be put on its passage. I hold in my hand
a letter from the Representative from Georgia,
who lives in the city of Savannah, in which he
sets forth the fact that the vessel was an aban-
doned vessel called the Michael and Anna;
was a French ship abandoned at sea, and was
sold and purchased by Marshall & Brother, of
the city of Savannah, for $4,000. They have
held it and they have repaired the vessel. It
i3 of no account to them unless they can have
it registered. This is the statement of the
Representative, and upon it I suppose the bill
passed the House. He says everything in re-
gard to it, all regular, is in the Treasury. I
have not all the papers before me, but I have
sent to the House lor them. I have submitted
these papers to the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce, who says he is satisfied with
them, and I have no doubt they are all right.
I hope the Senate will allow the bill to be
passed, because the vessel lies there of no use
to its owners, and we have few enough com-
mercial ships now employed, any way. I think
it ought to pass.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I regret very much to
be obliged to object to this bill; but it only
affects the rights of a few, while the bill which
I desired to have considered affects the rights
of many, and that being ruled out, I object to
everything else.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered.*
BRIDGE AT SI. JOSEPH, MISSOURI.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of the bill (II.
R. No. 383) to authorize the construction of a
bridge across the Missouri river at or near St.
Joseph, Missouri.
The PR.ESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. CALDWELL. I rose also to object to
that bill.
SHIP WILLIAM STORER.
Mr. FENTQN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to put House bill No. 322,
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to j
change the name of the ship William F. Storer,
oh its passage. If there is any objection, of
course I shall not urge it; but 1 presume there
will be none. It is a House bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. FENTON. Allow me to appeal to my
friend from South Carolina in this case. This
bill simply authorizes the change of the name
of a vessel. It involves no principle, but only
the formal practice of legislative bodies. It
passed the House of Representatives a few
days ago by unanimous consent.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I regret that I am not
able to comply with the wish of the Senator
from New York. I must object to the bill.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The Senator
from South Carolina persists in his objection.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there anything before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nothing.
Mr. CONKLING. As there are two con-
ference committees for the reports of which
we are waiting, I suggest that we had better
adjourn, unless some Senator desires an exec-
tifciv© session.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better have aa
executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. If any Senator wishes
an executive session, I will make that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to Ihe consideration of executive
business. After thirty-three minutes spent in
executive session the doors were reopened.
SIIIP WILLIAM F. STORER.
Mr. FENTON. I renew my request that
House bill No. 322 be put on its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
The bill (S. No. 322) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to change the name of the
ship William F. Storer was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to confer on the Secretary
of the Treasury authority to change the name
of the ship William F. Storer, of which Charles
H. Marshall & Co., of the city of New York,
are the agents and ship's husband, to that of
Hamilton Fish, and to grant to the vessel a
register in the name of Hamilton Fish ; and
the vessel is to be exempted from any addi-
tional tonnage dues in consequence of the
change of name.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PENNSYLVANIA MILITARY LEGION.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask unanimous consent to
put on its passage a House bill authorizing the
Secretary of War to place certain cannon at
tht disposal of a military association in Phila-
delphia.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 386) authorizing the Secretary of War to
place certain condemned cannon at the dis-
posal of the Pennsylvania Military Legion of
the city of Philadelphia' was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for placing at the disposal
of the Pennsylvania Military Legion of the city
of Philadelphia twelve condemned cannon, to
be used in the erection of a monument in their
cemetery.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BRIDGE AT ST. JOSEPH, MISSOURI.
Mr. SCHUliZ. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 883, to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at or near St. Joseph, Missouri.
Mr. CALDWELL. I object.
The PRESIDED f pro tempore. The hill
cannot be considered, objection being made.
SCHOOL SYSTEM.
Mr. STEWART. I desire unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and I ask that it be read for information, and
if there be no objection, that it be printed and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Missouri object to its being read
for information ?
Mr. BLAIR. I object to it coming in.
Mr. HILL. I ask that the Senate take up
the bill for the registry of the brig Michael and
Anna. It is a House bill which I explained
this morning. There is no objection to the
bill, and it is a matter of form, I take it.
Mr. CONKLING. Without intending to
interrupt the honorable Senator from Georgia,
if the honorable Senator from Nevada is not
accorded the courtesy of having a resolution
read for information, I think hardly any other
Senator will ask to have business done.
Mr. STEWART. No more business will be
done this session.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope nobody will ob-
ject to the Senator having his resolution read
for information.
Mr. HILL. I certainly would not.
Mr. CONKLING. No; I did not under-
stand the Senator to object, and I do not know
who did. but some one objected.
Mr. BLAIR. I objected to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to reading the resolution? The Chair
hears none, and the resolution will be read for
information.
f he Chief Clerk read as follows :
A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Be it resolved by ihe Senate and Souse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congr. ss assem-
bled, (two thirds of both Houses concurring therein,)
That the following artie'e be submitted to the Legis-
latures of the several State-, and when adopted by
three fourths of the States shall become a part of
the Constitution of the United States, and known as
article sixteen of amendments to said Constitution:
Article XVI.
Section 1. There shall be maintained in each State
and Territory a system of free common schools; but
neither the United States nor any State, Territory,
county, or municipal corporation shall aid in the
support of any school wherein the peculiar tenets
ot any religious denomination are taught.
Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the introduction of the resolution ?
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
BRIG MICUABL AND ANNA.
Mr. HILL. I renew my request to take up
House bill No. 213 for consideration.
The bill (H. R. No. 213) to anthorize the
issuing of a certificate of registry to the brig
Michael and Anna was read for information.
Mr. CORBET!1. Was this bill referred to
the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. HILL. In the House, and passed there;
and I have a letter here to which I called
attention before. I have also submitted the
papers to two of"the members of the Commit-
tee on Commerce of the Senate, the chairman
being one, and he said he had no objection to
the bill. I would have had it referred if time
allowed. 1 hold in my hand a letter from a
member of the House of Representatives who
lives in the city of Savannah, where this ves-
sel lies. He states that this was a French
brig abandoned, which was sold and bought
for §4,000 and has been lully repaired.
Mr. CORBETT. What was the value of
the repairs placed on her?
Mr. HI LL. I have not the specific amount;
but I presume, being abandoned, it must have
been more than the original cost, I do not
know. I have a letter here from the owuers,
