24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
mittee of the Whole. The form of the motion
for this purpose is always to suspend the rules
to go into Committee of the Whole: the pecu-
liarity, however, being that a majority instead
of two thirds can adopt the proposition. The
reason of this exception is that the most
important business of the House, such as tax
bills and appropriation bills, must be con-
sidered first in Committee of the Whole; and
the object of the rule is to prevent any obsta-
cle to the House resolving itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole for that purpose. Other-
wise the public business might be indefinitely
obstructed.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 75, not
voting 35 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Aolter. Adams, Arthur, Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair,
Bright, Buckley, Btfffinton, Burchard, Benjamin 3?.
Butier.CaldweM.Campbell.Carroll.Coburn.Coraingo,
Cook, Cotton, Cox.Crebs, Critcher, Orossland, Dawes,
De Large, Donnan, Dox, Da Bose, Dunnell, Karnes,
Eldridge. Ely, Farnsworth. Farwell. Finlielnburg,
Charles Foster, Garrert, Golladay, Hale, Handley,
John T.Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton,
Kinsella, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Manson,
Marshall, McCormick, McCrary, McIIenry, Mcln-
tyre, McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin V. Meyers,
Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morgan, Niblack, Orr,
Packard,Pendleton, Eli Perry, Peters,Potter.Price,
Bead, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rico, William It.
Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, llusk, Shanks, Shel-
don, Shollabarger, Sloss, Thomas J, Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Taffn, Terry,
I)wightTownsond, Turner, Tutlull.Twichell, Tyner,
Vatigban, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, AValtlen,
"Waldron, Wails, YVWeeler, Warren, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, Willimnsot New York,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Bigby. Austin
Blair. Braxton, George M. Brooks, Burdett, Roderick
R.Butler.Clarke.Cobb.Conger.Creelv, Dickey. Duell,
Elliott, Henry I). Foster, Get7„ Griffith, llalsey,
Hanks, Ilarmer. George K. Harris. John W. Hazle-
ton, Hereford, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley. Killinger
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Mnymird, McClelland,
l\l'■(;row. McJnnkm,Mercur, Merriam. Moroy, Mor-
j)his. Leonard Myers Negley, Packer, Parker, Peck,
Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland. Porter, Prindlc,
Kainey, Randall, Ritchie, £Hlis II. Roberts, Rogers,
Sawyer, Scofield. Seeley, Sessions, Sherwood. Shoe-
maker, Slater, Snyder, R. Milton Speer. Stowell,
Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Washington
Townsend, Dpaon. Wallaco, Whiteloy, Will&rd, and
John T. Wilson—75.
NQT VOTING—Messrs. Amos, Averill, Barry,
Bingham, James Brooks, Dai rail, Davis, Duke,
Forker, Frye, Garfield, llaldemun, Ilamblpton,
Harpor, Havens, Unvs, Holman, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketchain, King, Mclvee, Merrick, Palmer, Perce,
Shober, Sfooum, 11. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith. St. John, Van Trump. Wash-
burn, Winchester, and Young—35.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. BIGGS stated that Mr. Van Trump was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. DU BOSB stated that liis colleague [Mr.
Youno] was confined to his room by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
free salt.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in
order is House bill No. 9, to repeal the duties
on salt.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of the act salt shall be
placed on the free list, and no further impost
duty shall be collected on the same.
Mr. WOOD. X move to amend that by in-
cluding free coal. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to accept that amendment.
Mr. HALE. I cannot at present, and will
state the reason why. Mr. Chairman, I have
not offered this bill with any purpose of open-
ing general discussion or legislaiion on the
tariff. This House has twice expressed itself
with great unanimity in favor of remaining
here the shortest time possible in which it can
gain the agreement of the Senate to an adjourn-
ment. In my view, that short time cannot be
better spent than in repealing all duties on
salt. I do not wish, for one, that this question
shall be complicated with any other, unless it
may be with the other bill introduced by uie
at the request of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth,] repealing the duty on
coal. I believe it to be the sentiment of the
country that this article should go upon the
free list. The revenue derived from it is small,
while the public demand for the repeal of the
duty is great. I hope the House will sustain
me in the motion that I shall make, which will
be to rise for the purpose in the House of
moving that all debate close. That will bring
this subject at once before the committee for
action unincumbered unless by an amendment,
which neither I nor any one can prevent, for
free coal. I will then, so far as I have the
power, accept an amendment to the bill join-
ing coal with it; but at present I do not,
because it would embarrass the motion I am
making to make any amendment. This is
considering the subject in committee, and upon
that I now move the committee rise.
Mr. KELLEY. One moment, if you please.
I desire to appeal to the House not to begin
the Forty-Second Congress by applying the
gag-law. Let gentlemen be heard ou this
question.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order
on the motion to rise.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to know if the
gentleman wishes to relieve the people from
their burdens. If he really does, he will per-
mit me to offer an amendment providing for
the repeal of the income tax, which has been
decided to be a germane amendment to the
tariff bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us have one
thing at the time.
Mr. COX. Do I understand the gentleman
from Maine has already accepted an amend-
ment as to coal ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand.
Mr. HALE. I have not done so, because
I cannot do so at this time.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to make a parliamentary
inquiry. I would inquire of the Chair whether,
if the amendment adding coal is accepted, a
motion to strike out all after the enacting clause
would not take the bill back to the House at
once for a vote both on coal and salt?
The CHAIRMAN. It would take the bill
back to the House, and the first question would
be. "Will the House concur with the commit-
tee?" If the House failed to concur with the
committee the House, by the force of the rules,
would be immediately resolved again into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me suggest that it is
important the committee should know, with
reference to the vote now to be given, whether
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] does
or does not agree to accept an amendment to
add coal also to the free list. I understood
the gentleman differently from the way in which
he was understood by my friend from New
York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 desire to know how
the proposition stands, whether the amend-
ment as to coal has been accepted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
understand that any amendments have been
accepted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the gentle-
man from Maine to say that he would not
accept that amendment lest it should embar-
rass his motion. My friend from New York
[Mr. Cox] understood him differently.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry: whether it would be in
order in the House, if the committee agree
to the motion made by the gentleman from
Maine, that I should move to amend the bill
by adding tea, coffee, and sugar?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
in the House.
Mr. KELLEY. I have not understood that
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] has
stated whether he does or does not accept any
amendments.
Mr. HALE. I will state again what I have
already stated.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will lose his bill
if he loads it down too much.
Mr. HALE. I do not propose, as I have
already stated more than once, to accept any
amendments, although I am in favor of an
amendment tacking coal to this bill. But I
cannot move that the committee rise, pending
an amendment, until it is voted upon. I there-
fore now move, while the bill is unembar-
rassed, that the committee rise, in order that
as soon as we are in the House I tnay move
to close debate, and that the House again re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of this bill. When it, comes
back into committee, if I yield the floor, as
I presume I shall, I propose at onee to accept
the amendment as to coal.
Mr. RANDALL. Will you accept an amend-
ment as to tea, coffee, and sugar?
Mr. DICKEY. And potatoes?
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. If this motion should be
adopted when we come back into Commit-
tee of the Whole, will it be in the power of the
majority of the committee to prevent amend-
ments being offered which any gentleman may
see fit to offer?
The CHAIRMAN. Whenever any ques-
tions of order are raised in the committee the
Chair will hear them.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] has stated, as I understand, that he will
accept an amendment adding tea, coffee, and
sugar.
Mr. HALE. I cannot yield for that.
Mr. PLAIT. Will the gentleman also con-
sent to an amendment adding tobacco?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. And whisky?
Mr PLAT 1'. He is proposing to destroy
the only portion of the revenue laws that gives
Virginia any benefit and to allow to remain the
portion which bears the heaviest upon her
interests.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. PLAT I\ This is not debate, but inquiry.
The question being taken on the motion that
the com mittee rise, there were—ayes 82, noes 71.
Mr. PLATT asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hale and
Mr. ICelley were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 93, noes 71.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. COX. The gentleman cannothave them
in committee. Pennsylvania dies hard.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that, according to order, the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
9) to repeal the duty upon salt, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HALE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the Huuse resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the consideration of the bill (II.
R. No. 9) to repeal the duty upon salt. And
pending that motion I move that when the
House shall again resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole all debate on the bill
be closed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I desire to move toamend
the motion so as to except the five-minute
debate, and close only general debate.
Mr. HALE. I cannot consent to that amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose it is in order
to move to amend the motion.
The SPEAKEH. The Chair woold state
that strictly under the rules the House is com*
pelled to close general debate before the mo-
tion is in order to close the five-minutes de-
bate.
Mr, SCOFIELD, TSen I raise the point of1
