1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
saying that they have been at considerable
expense.
Mr. CORBETT. Does it come within the
rule? There is a certain rule established by
the committee within which they will pass such
a bill.
Mr. HILL. I will state what Mr. Paine
says. He says, in a letter to me, "the records
of the Treasury show that the whole matter is
all right and legal," and this was shown to the
House, or else it could not have passecl. It
passed there without objection.
Mr. CORBETT. Is there a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. HILL. That is in the House, and the
member was over here and told me he had the
Clerk looking up the papers. It is only on
account of the press ol" time that I urge it
now.
Mr. POMEROY. Has it been reported by
the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. HILL. It has been, in the House, not
here. It has not been submitted to the com-
mittee here.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not believe in pass-
ing bills which have not been reported by com-
mittees. I should have no objection to the
bill if the committee reported it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kansas object?
Mr. HILL. It was reported in the other
House, but has not been referred here. It is
only the pressure of time that makes it im-
portant that it should be acted on now. There
can be no mistake about it, for there is no
move honorable man than Mr. Paine, who
alleges what he knows of the matter person-
ally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection ?
Mr. CORBETT. It may be all right, but
still we ought to have a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. HILL. That is in the other House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon objects.
Mr. HILL. I hope objection will not be
made. I can send over to the House and pro-
duce the papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Being
objected to, the bill goes over.
recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that
the Senate take a recess until three o'clock.
Mr. SCJMNER. Had we not better adjourn?
Mr. SHERMAN. We can get through
to-night or to-morrow. I submit the motion.
Mr. SDMNER. We might as well adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. There is nothing left to do
but receive and act on the reports of two
conference committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate do now
take a recess until three o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Ohio, who makes this motion,
that some time has elapsed since it was first
talked of, and he had better say^alf past three
o'clock, to give these committees time.
Mr. SHERMAN. In deference to the Sen-
ator from Vermont, who has charge of one of
those conference committees, I will say half
past three.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at one
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate took a recess until half past three o'clock.
The Senate resumed its session at half past
three o'clock p. m.
Mr. SDMNER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator with-
draw that motion for one moment?
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator desires.
pay of pagks.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer a resolution in regard to the pay
of the pages:
Unsolved, That the pay of the pages of the Senate
be continued until the end of the present month.;
and that the Secretary is hereby directed to allow
and pay the same.
I believe this is a resolution that has been
adopted very often. These boys have done
very well indeed, and merit this little tribute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection to the present consideration
of the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
pay of committee clerks.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion of the same character in regard to the
clerks of committees, paying them for the resi-
due of the month, which has always been cus-
tomary, I understand:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate foe, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay the
committee clerks of the Senate during the remainder
of the present month.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
bark a. l. palmer.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to call up the bill to issue an American regis-
ter to the bark A. L. Palmer. I will say that
it is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives unanimously, and I take it there
will be no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks unanimous con-
sent to proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 830) to issue an American register
to the bark A. L. Palmer.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the bill be read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that the bill which
was proposed to be considered an hour or two
ago, and to which objection was made?
Mr. CORBETT. No ; it is another bill. I
have a letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the subject. I have examined the
papers and I believe the bill is all right.
Mr. CONKLING. Has it been referred to
a committee ?
Mr. CORBETT. Not referred to any com-
mittee, but it has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. WILSON. It unanimously passed the
House, and is recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
pose objection to this bill or any other bill.
The rule which we adopted was to relieve me
and others from the responsibility of objecting
in individual cases. Here is a bill which has
not been referred to a committee. It relates
to a subject which ought in all instances, I
submit, to be carefully examined. Changing
the names of vessels, granting registers to
vessels, vessels which have been under a for-
eign flag, in all forms in which these questions
are presented, if there are reasons special for
giving privileges which the general law does
not accord, those reasons ought to be stated.
Now, I am not going to object to this bill, but
it seems to me that we ought either to go into
general legislation with reports regular!}' made
by committees, or we ought to stand by the rule.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at throe
o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday. April 17, 18*71.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. .1, G. Butler, D. l>.
'ihe Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Dawes, Mr. Kelley, and Mr. Beck as
the committee of conference upon the part of
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 19) making
appropriations for the payment of additional
clerks and messengers in the Pension Office,
and for other purposes.
order ol' business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees when appointed, and not to be
brought back by motions to reconsider. Unde"r
this call memorials and resolutions of State
and territorial Legislatures are in order for
printing and reference.
duties on ship-building materials.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (E. R. No. 389)
to relieve American-b.uilt vessels and steamers
from import duties laid upon materials and
articles entering into their construction, repair,
and use; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
richard m. green.
Mr. HALE also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 390) for the payment of Richard M. Green
for the use of his patent in the United States
Navy by the Government; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
albert w. gray.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a bill (H. R. No.
391) for the relief of Albert W. Gray; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Patents, and ordered to
be printed.
public building, hartford, connecticut.
Mr. STRONG introduced a bill (II. R. No.
892) to provide for a building for the use of
the post office, custom-house, pension otlice,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices at Hartford, Connec-
ticut; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
judicial district, new york.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (II. R. No.
303) to create and establish an additional judi-
cial district to be called the northern district
of New York, and to make further provisions
in relation to the courts of the United States,
in said State ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
public building, syracuse, new york.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a biil(H.R.
No. 391) to authorize the erection of a build-
ing at the city of Syracuse, New York, for the
accommodation of the post office and United
States courts; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
judgments in favor of united states.
Mr. DUELLalsointroducedabill(II. R. No.
395) to facilitate the collection of judgments in
favor of the United States, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee oil the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
samuel c. reed.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (II. R,
No. 390) granting a pension to Samuel C.
Lteed, of Onondaga, county, New York; which
was lead a first and second time, referred to
the Commutes on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
appropriation ok condemned ord s'a.nce.
Mr. AIERCUIt intioduced a bill (H R. No.
397) to appropriate old and condemned btonze
cannon for soldiers' monuments and ceme-
teries ; which was read a first and second time,
