1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
order iu the motion of the gentleman from
Maine,
Mr. HALE. I modify my motion, and move
that, all general debate be closed in one minute.
Mr. DICKEY. Pending that motion, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask whether the
question now before the House is a debatable
question ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. KliLiLEY. Then I hope we shall
adjourr^
The question was put on Mr. Dickey's
motion ; and there were—ayes 56, noes 78.
Mr. DICKEY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dickey and
Mr. Kerb were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 67, noes 87.
Mr. DICKEY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 107, not voting
38 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Ambler. Archer, Austin
Blair, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Rodericks,.
Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Conger. Creeiy, Davis, De
Large, Dickey, Duel!, Henry D. Booster, Oct,?., Grif-
fith, Hanks. Harmer, Harper, H-tvens, John W.
Hitzietoii. Hereford, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Killinger, Lamport, L.msing, Leach, Maynard, Mc-
Clelland, McGrew, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriain,
Merrick. Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packer,
Parker, Peck, Perce, Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Rainey,
Randall, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberta, Rogers. S-v.v-
yer, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoe-
maker, John A. Smith, >nyder, R. Milton Speer,
Sprague, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Swann,
Sypher, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Tuthill,
Upson, Waddell, Wallace, Walls, and John T.
Wilson—77. tt _ _
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Avenll, Bsrher,
Beatty, Beck, Bigby, Bigjrs, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Coburn, Co-
niingo, Cook, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Ct'ossland, Dawes,
Donnan, Dox, DuBose, Bunnell, Eames, Eidridge,
Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Farweli, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Garrett, Golladay, Hale, Handley,
George B.Harris, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Hazleton, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kinsella,
Lamison, Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Mc-
Crary, McHenry, Mclntyre. McKinney, Benjamin
F Meyers, Monroe, Moore. Morey, Morgan. Niblack,
Packard, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Peiry,
Peters, Potter, Price, Read, John M. Rice, William
B. Roberts, ltobinson, Roosevelt, Sh-inks, Sliella-
barger, Shober, Slater, Sloss, Thomas J. Speer. Ste-
vens, Storm, Stoughton. Taffe, Terry, Dwight rown-
snnil, Twiohell, Tyner, Vanehnn, Voorhees, W.ike-
jnnn, "Walden, \Valdron, Warren, Wells, Wheeler.
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Wiliiud, Williams of Indi-
ana, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and Wood—107.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry, Bing-
ham, James Brooks, Carroll, Critelier, Darral,Duke,
Porker, Frye, Garfield. Haldeman, lialsey, Ilainble-
ton. Hays, Holman. Ketcham, Lowe, McOrmick,
McKee. McNeely. Mitchell, Orr, Palmer. Poland,
Edward Y. Kice, Rusk, Sessions, Sloeurn, H. Board-
man Smith, Worthineton C. Smith, Stevenson,
Turner, Van Trump, Washburn, Winchester, and
Young—38. *
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Hale's motion,
that all general debate be limited to one minute.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is now a second
motion pending, the motion to close debate,
and I take it that the ruling of the Chair on the
motion to fcjspend the rules would not apply
to the motion to close debate. I therefore
move that when the House adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point. The motion to suspend the rules has
accompanied with it as a subsidiary and appli-
cable motion the motion to close debate, and
the same ruling as the Chair before made
obtains with reference to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I made the motion in
order to get a decision of the Chair more than
for any other purpose.
Mr. HALE. With the permission of the
House, I wish to state that if my motion shall
be agreed to, I do not propose, when we go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to move at once to rise for the pur-
pose of cutting off the five-minutes debate.
That is not my intention. There are gentle-
men here who wish to speak on this question
of the duty on salt, and also on other ques-
tions that will be presented by germane amend-
ments; and I do not think it would be fair to
cut off the five-minutes debate. I do not pro-
pose to do that at present.
The question was put on Mr. Hai.e's motion
to limit debate; and there were—ayes 70, noes
76.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Scofield and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 81, noes 83.
Mr. FARNS VVOilTH called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DICKEY. That is what we want.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I rise to a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. There seems to be
an impression among many gentlemen here
that the effect of this motion, if adopted, will
be to cut off all debate in Committee of the
Whole. I would inquire if that will be the
effect of agreeing to that motion?
The SPEAKEtl. The motion is to close
all general debate in one minute.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. That will leave the
five minutes debate?
The SPEAKER,. It will; it will cut off the
hour debate and leave the five-minutes debate.
Mr. MAYNARD. As I understand it, if
this motion shall prevail no one will be al-
lowed to speak more than five minutes on this
question in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule.
The question w<ts taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 91, not voting
00 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Barber,
Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Brax-
ton. Bright, Buckley, Buroliard, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Uoburn, Cook, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Criteher, Crosslnnd, Dawes, Donnan. Box, DuBose,
Bunnell, Eidridge, Elliott, Ely, Ji'amsworth Far-
well. Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Garrett.Golladay,
Hale, Hahdley, Hanks, George E. Harris, John' 1.
Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton, Kendall,
Kerr, Kinsella, Lamison, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall,
McClelland, McCormick, McGrew. McHenry, Mc-
Kee, McKinney, Merrick. Mitchell, Monroe, Morey,
Niblack, Orr, Packard. Eli Perry, Peters, Potter,
Price. Ren,d, Edward Y.Rice, John M. Rice, Wil-
liam R.Roberts/Robinson, Roosevelt, ltusk.shanKs,
Shellabarger, 'Slater, Sloss, Thomas J. Speer. Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Terry, Dwight
Townsend, Tyner, Vaughan, Walt em ail, Walden,
Waldron, Walls, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Wlnt-
thorne. Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Austin
Blair, George M. Brooks, Buttinton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb. Co-
mingo, Conger, Creeiy, Darrall, Davis, De Large,
Dickey, Duell, Eames, Ileniy 1). Foster, Getz, Grif-
fith, Haldeman, Halsev, Harmer, Harper, Havens,
John W. Hazleton. Hereford, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Kelley, Killinger. King, Lamport, Lansing, Loach,
Lowe. Manson, Maynard, McCleery, McCrary, Mc-
lntyre, McNeely, Mercur, Merriain, Morphis,Leon-
ard Myers, Neglev. Packer, Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce. Aaron F. Perry. Piatt. Poland. Porter, Prin-
dle, Rainey, Randall, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberts,
Sawyer, Scotield, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Snyder, R. Mil-
ton Speer, Sprague, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Taft'e, Thomas, Washington Town-
send, Tuthill, Twicheil, Upson, Waddell. Wallace,
Whiteley, Wtllard, and John T. Wilson—91.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Bigby, Bmghain, James Brooks, Clarke, Duke,
Forker, Frye, Garfield, llambleton, Hays, Holman,
Ketcham. McJunkin, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore,
Morgan, Palmer, Rogers Shober, Sloeurn, H.Board-
iiian Smith, Worthington G Smith, Turner, Van
Trump, Voorhees, Washburn, Winchester, and
Young—31.
So the motion to close all general debate in
one minute was agreed to.
COMMITTEE OS* ELECTIONS.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as the standing Committee of Elections for
the Forty-Second Congress:
George VV. McCrary, of Iowa ; Job E. Ste-
venson, of Ohio 5 Eugene Hale, of Maine j
Luke P. Poland, of Vermont; Gustavus A.
Finkelnburg, of'Missouri; Charles R. Thomas,
of North Carolina; Michael C. Kerr, of Indi-
ana; Clarkson N. Potter, of New York; and
William E. Arthur, of Kentucky.
ORDEIX 01? BUSINESS,
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentlemen from Maine, [Mr.
Hale,] that the rules be suspended and the
House now resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—-"ayes 87, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced.
Mr. KELLEY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kelley and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 93, noes 6*2.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SCOFIELD called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 70,
notvohng46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Barber.
Beatty, Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buf-
fintou. Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Coburn, Cot-
ton. Cox, Crebs,Critoher,Crossland. Darral!,Dawes,
Do Large, Donnan, Box, Du Bose, Bunnell, Fames,
Eidridge, Elliott. Ely, Fa> nsworth, Farweli, Charles
Foster. Garrott, Golladay, Haldeman, Hale. Hand-
ley, Hanks, Harper, Georee E. Harris, John T. Har-
ris, llawley, Hay, Gerry W. tlazloton. Kerr, King,
Kinsella, Lamison, Lewis. Lynch, Marshall, Mc-
Clelland, MeCormick. McGrew, McHenry, Mclvee,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell. Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Niblack, Orr, Packard. Pendleton,
Aaron F. Perry. Eli Perry, Peters, Potter, Price,
Read, Edward Y. ltice, John M. Rice, William R.
Roberts, Roosevelt. Shanks, Shellubsirger, Slater,
Sloss, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, SccvcntfOn. Storm,
Stough ton, Taffe,Terrv,Dwighr.Townsend, Twiohell,
Tvnrr, Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden.Warren,Wells,
Wliitthorne, Wilhams of Indiatm, Williams ol New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Aicher, Austin
Bluir. Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Conger, Creeiy,
Dickey, Duell. Gctz, Griffith, Haleey, Harmer. John
W.Hazieron. Hereford, llill, lloar.ilonpor. Kelley,
Kendall, Killirgor, Lamport, Leacli. Manson, May-
nard. McCleery. McCrary, M<Tutyrn, Mt-Neely,Mcr-
cur, Merriam, Morgan, Morphis, Neerley, Packer,
Parker, Peck, Perce, Poland, Porter, Prindle,
Rainey, Randall, Riteiiie, Ellis H. Roberts,Rogers,
Sawyer, Scofield, Socley, Se?-<ion*, Slieldon, Sher-
wood, Shoemaker.Snyder, 11. Milton Speer,Spragne,
Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher,
Thomas, Washington Townsend. Upson, Waddell,
Wnllaee, Walla. Willard, and John T. Wilson—70.
NOT VOTING—Messss. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Bingham, James firooks, Burdett, Roderick R.But-
ler, Carroll, Clarke, Comingo. Cook, Davis, Duke,
Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Fiye, Gar-
field, Hambleton, Havens, liay.'8. Holman, Keicham,
Lansing. Lowe, McJunkin, McKinney, Leonard
Myers. Palmer, Piatt. Robin^-on, Rusk. Shober, Slo-
eurn, II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith. Worth-
ington C, Smith, Turner, Xurhi 11,Van Trump,\ oor-
hecs, Waldron. Washburn, Wheeler, Whiteley, Win-
chester, and Young—46.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. K.
No. 9) to repeal the duty on salt.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
all general debate on this bill will be closed
in one minute.
Mr. HALE. In closing general debate upon
this bill, I wibh to say but a word or two. The
duty upon salt is now eighteen cents per hun-
dred pounds in bulk and twenty-four cents in
sack. The best Turk's Island salt can be pur-
chased at the place where it is produced for
from nine to ton cents per bushel. Any gen-
tleman here can compute for himself the per-
centage of duty resting upon this article. ^ I
believe there is no one question about which
the reflection of millions of people day by day
is so decided as it is in declaring that there
should be no tax upon this article of salt.
I have been asked to amend the bill intro-
duced by me so as to cut dowu the duty fifty
per cent. I do not consent to that. I believe
this article should go upon the free list; that
the monopoly which has obtained heretofore
for the Onunda^a salt-works—as great and
complete as auy monopoly ever granted by
the Tudors in England's most despotic times
ought to cease.
[Here the hammer fell.]
