1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
sidering our financial burdens, and at the
present time, with that duty upon the coal, the
Nova Scotians, or rather northern capitalists,
who own the Pictou coal-fields, get a larger net
price for their coal than our own producers
get, who are burdened besides with the tax-
ation which the former are freed from.
It has been the policy of the Government to
treat coal as a source of revenue for the last
forty years, and upon the faith of that policy we
have invested largely in public works; we have
railroads and canals built and building for the
development of that region which, with other
capital, makes our investment about one hun-
dred an twenty million dollars, and by the repeal
of this duty and bringing us into competition
with Nova Scotia coal, you will deprive us of
much of the advantage of the development up
to this time, inflict distress on thirty thousand
laboring men whose clothing and food you
permit to remain taxed by the tariff; you
withdraw from us inducements to further
development, while the necessities of the
country require the fullest development of this
interest, because the Nova Scotia coal-fields
are inadequate to supply the demand of this
country. In one word, sir, it is capital and
not labor, wealth and not poverty, monopoly
and not the people, that demand this change.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I offer the following as a
substitute for the original proposition of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale:]
That from and after the passage of this act the
duty on salt in bulk shall be twelve cents per hun-
dred pounds, and upon salt in sacks and bags, eight-
een cents per hundred pounds.
Mr. Chairman, the popular mind has been
much misled on the subject of the duty on
salt, as I propose to show by taking a cir-
cular which was laid upon the desk ol' every
member of the last Congress, and has, I sup-
posej been sent to every member of this Con-
gress, signed by Alexander Kerr & Brother,
of Philadelphia, as a standard of the repre-
sentations. I know Messrs. Kerr. I know
them to be respectable men, and to have made
this statement because they believed it. I wish
to show its fallacy. They say :
" The facts shown in this exhibit are too plain to
require further argument. The duty on salt averages
nearly two hundred per cent."
Now, sir, I have a report from the Bureau
of Statistics of commerce and navigation for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, and I
propose to test this statement under which
gentlemen have been acting in hot haste by
the facts of the case. I find that the duty on
salt in bulk imported during that year was
one hundred and twenty and one fourth per
cent.; on salt in sacks, eighty-six and three
fourths per cent. Computing the relative
amount of these duties, the total duty, instead
of being two hundred per cent., is less than
one hundred percent.—ninety-odd per cent.
Again, I test it in this way: if it were
two hundred per cent., the total amount im-
ported being $1,218,019 68, the duty would
be $'2,436,029 36; instead of which it was
$1,198,478 13, showing, as I have said, the
duty to be considerably less than one hun-
dred per cent.
Now, recurring to the point I made of the
necessities of the Treasury, of the popular
impression among capitalists and citizens of
the determination of Congress to maintain the
faith and credit of the country, I ask gentle-
men to run into no wild experiment upon these
wild and exaggerated statements. If you de-
sire to try an experiment, do it; but do it in
such a manner as to let the industry live while
the Treasury shall receive an income from the
imports. I am as ready as any gentleman on
this floor to lighten the burdens of the people ;
but I remind gentlemen that the Congress
which expired on Saturday last resolved by an
almost unanimous vote that the true principles
of revenue reform pointed to the early aboli-
tion of the internal tax system and the army
of officers it puts upon the people; and I sug-
gest to gentlemen that if they want to relieve
themselves of those internal burdens, burdens
which extract from the tobacco and the grain-
fields of the country one sixth of all the tax-
ation of the land, they cannot repeal these
external duties in this rash way.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The West is greatly
interested in the bill now before the Commit-
tee of the Whole, it being in the West where
the great pork, beef, and provision-packing
establishments are located. I desire to refer
to one or two points made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
He has appealed to us to-day that the salt
tariff shall not be reduced, because we must
keep the public credit in regard to the new
bonds which have been issued under the
so-called funding law, and that, too, in the
face of the fact that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] has within two weeks
past voted to take off the entire income tax,
which,'According to the statement of Secre-
tary Boutwell, is yielding at the rate of
$12,000,OCX) a year. Why, sir, the inconsist-
ency of that argument shows its value and
the lack of sincerity in the gentleman who
makes it.
Mr. KELLEY. My argument is that all
internal duties should be repealed as speedily
as that can be done.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Very well; then
what will become of the new bonds under the
funding law, about which the gentleman is so
anxious?
Mr. KELLEY. I say " as speedily as that
can be done."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Thegentleman can-
not reconcile the two positions he has taken
upon this floor. But yesterday the gentleman
votes to take off $12,000,000 of tax, and to-day
he says we cannot take off $1,000,000 of import
duties, because it will affect the public credit.
There is another point which the gentleman
makes. He says this tax amounts to but three
cents per capita. Sir, I protest against that
line of argument, which was made upon this
floor last summer, that the salt tax is so small
that it is really not worth while talking about
it. It is the aggregate which shows how much
is ground out of the hard industry of the people.
I have in my hands a few statistics upon that
subject. In the city of St. Louis, which I have
the honor to represent in part on this floor,
there was purchased during the year 1869 the
amount of 79,500,000pounds of salt for distri-
bution and consumption in the district of coun-
try supplied by that city, on which quantity the
tax amounted to $190,000 in gold. The city
of Cincinnati during the same year purchased
and distributed 79,800,000 pounds of salt, on
which the tax was $191,000 in gold. The city
of Chicago during the same year purchased
and distributed 146,800,000 pounds of salt,
on which the tax was $352,000 in gold. Here
we have nearly three quarters of a million of
dollars of tax upon salt, paid by only three
cities of the West.
Now, there are no exact statistics as to the
total consumption of salt in the United States;
but the gentleman from Pennsylvania has left
out of view a very important point to which I
desire to call the attention of the House. He
has told you what the tax is per capita on for-
eign salt; but he must bear in mind that we
pay this tax to-day upon domestic salt, in the
shape of enhanced prices as well as upon for-
eign salt; that while we pay three cents per
head upon foreign salt we are paying nine cents
per head when you take into consideration the
domestic salt. There are no precise statistics;
but it is estimated that the total tax paid upon
domestic and foreign salt during the past year
approached $3,000,000, of which $1,100,000
went into the Treasury, while the balance went
to the protected salt manufacturers.
I know that this statement is disputed, and
it is claimed that the taxation upon foreign
salt does not raise the prices of domestic salt;
but facts within my knowledge, figures with
reference to the price of salt in my own city,
show the contrary. Thev show that salt has
risen steadily with the tariff; that the people
are to day paying the tax upon the domestic
as well as the foreign salt.
In 1860, before the tax was raised, and when
it was still fifteen per cent, ad valorem instead
of one hundred and fifty per cent, as it now is,
the price of domestic salt in St. Louis averaged
$1 70 per barrel. I see it now quoted there
at $2 50, and it has been as high as three dol-
lars. Liverpool salt before the present tariff
averaged one dollar per sack; it is now quoted
at $2 35 per sack. And how could it be other-
wise? The avowed purpose of a protective
tariff is to raise t,he price of the article; if it
fails in this it protects nothing, means nothing,
and might as well berepealed. Butdooursalt-
works really need protection ? Of the leading
salt-works in the United States, one in the West
tells us it wants no tariff, and the great Onon-
daga company in the East conclusively proves
that it needs no protective duty by selling its
salt to Canadians in free competition with for-
eign salt, by selling it to our own fishermen
with the duty deducted from its price to cor-
respond with the drawback allowed them on
foreign salt, and by the extraordinary profits
which that company has realized upon its
investment.
Besides all this, we have recently relieved
the manufacture of salt from the internal rev-
enue tax, which in the year 1866 amounted to
$456,101. This amount is now added to its
yearly profits. Upon the other hand, it ap-
pears that the State of New York, where the
principal salt-works are located, does not pur-
sue so liberal a policy, but levies a large trib-
ute upon them for the benefit of its own treas-
ury. Thus it appears that the people of the
entire Union are asked to pay a tribute upon
salt in order that the State of New York may
increase its State revenues. If the salt indus-
try cannot compete with foreign enterprise, why
does not New York relieve it of this tax? Pro-
tection, like charity, should begin at home.
Mr. Chairman, this salt tax is an odious tax;
it bears heavily on the poor who subsist largely
upon salted meats and provisions. It is a tax
which no one can escape; it enters the door of
the needy and unmercifully fastens itself upon
every morsel of food. It is unequal in a goo-
graphical sense; it is a tax upon the agricul-
tural States of the West and its pork-packing
industries. I trust it may now be abolished.
The revenue can afford it, the salt industry does
not need it, and the entire people will hail its
abolition as a blessing which comes home to
every fireside.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a single word in explanation of the vote
which I shall give upon this question. I have
steadily voted with my friends on this side of
the House to reduce a tariff which I have
looked upon as onerous and grinding upon the
people of this country, and I am ready now to
cooperate with my honorable friend from New
York, [Mr. Wood,] and other distinguished
gentlemen who have spoken upon the subject,
in reducing every item in that tariff down to
the revenue standard.
But, sir, in reference to this matter of coal
I am peculiarly situated, and I wish gentlemen
to understand the great embarrassment which
I feel in separating myself from many of my
political friends on this side of the House who
advocate the proposition which has been sub-
mitted for our action. I do not wish to see my
own State singled out when the whole tariff
requires revision. I am prepared for a general
bill. I am not ready to act until such a general
bill has been matured, that we may see how it
is to operate upon the great interests of this
country. Now it so happens, Mr. Chairman,
that in the State of Maryland we have upward
of sixty millions of capital invested in this
article of coal and its preparation for market.
The States of Maryland, West Virginia, and
