1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
738
Mr. KELLEY. AVould it be in order to
move to refer the resolution to the Committee
of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order if the
previous question is not sustained.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the previous ques-
tion is not sustained, -will it be in order to
debate the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Pending the demand for
the previous question the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] moves to lay the resolution on
the table, and as to the sequence of motions
the Chair respectfully refers gentlemen to the
rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to debate the res-
olution.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw my motion if a
test vote can be had on a motion to refer the
resolution.
Mr. KELLEY. I will move to referthe res-
olution to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and we can take the yeas and nays on that.
Mr. J30LMAN. There has been no Com-
mittee of Ways and Means appointed this ses-
sion.
Mr. KELLEY. Well, the Committee of
Ways and Means when appointed.
Mr. COX. I will insist on my motion to lay
the resolution on the table, and on it I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. KELLEY. When that motion is beaten
I will move to refer the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 3, nays 103, not voting
04; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Maynard, Sprague, and Taffe—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Aeker, Adams. Archer, Arthur,
AveriLl, Barber, Barry. Beatty, Beck, Bel], Bigby,
Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright,
George M. Brooks, James Brooks,Buckley, Buffin-
ton. Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin fc\ Butler, Cald-
well, Cobb, Coburn. Conger, Cook, Cotton, Cox,
Creely, Crosstand, Davis, Dawes, De la,rge. Don-
nan, Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Dunnell. Barnes,
Edwards, Eldridgo, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkeln-
burg. Forker, Charles Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Griffith, ltalsey. Handley, Hanks,Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris. Havens,
ilawley, Gerry W. llazleton, John AY. llazleton,
Hereford, Hibbaid, Hill. Hoar. Holman, Hooper,
Keiley, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamport,
Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, MeCormick, Molntyre, MeJunkin, Mo-
Kee. McKinney, McNeely, Mercur, Merriam, Mer-
rick. Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Morgan, Leon-
ard Myers, Niblack. Packard. Packer, Palmer, Isaac
G. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron !?. Perry, Eli
.Perry, Piatt. Poland, Porter, Potter, Pi indie. Ran-
dall, Read, EdwardY.Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie.
Ellis II Roberts. William 11. Roberts, Rogers, Rusk,
Sawyer, Scofiold, Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shella-
barger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, II.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith. Snyder, Thomas
J. Speev, Starkweather, Storm, Stoughton, Strong,
St. John, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Turner, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Walls. WarreD, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of New
York.^ Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.Wilson, Wood,
and Young—163.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barnum, Biggs, James G. Blair, Roderick It. Butler,
Campbell, Carroll, Clarke,Comingo, Crebs, Critcher,
Darrall, Dickey, Elliott, Ely, Henry D. Foster, Frye,
Goodrich, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hay, Hays,
Ketcham, Killinger, Lamison. Lynch, MoCmry,
jlcGrew, McHenry, Mitchell, Moore, Moroy. Mor-
jihis, Negley, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Perce, Peters,
Price, Rainey, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sessions, Sho-
ber, Sloeum,Worthmgton C. Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stowell, Sypher, Thomas,
Bwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Tuthill,
Upson, Van Trump, Voorheesti Washburn, Williams
of Indiana, and Winchester—64.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. VAN TRUMP said: On all political
questions I am paired with Mr. Lynch, of
Maine. I suppose if he were here he would
vote "ay;" at any rate, I would vote "no."
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to announce that
Mr. Ambler, of Ohio, is paired with Mr.
Roosevelt, of New York. If Mr. Ambler
were here he would vote " no."
Mr. KELLEY. I move that this resolution
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means when appointed.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the call for the previous question on agreeing
to the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. If the House should re-
fuse to second the call for the previous ques-
tion, the Chair will recognize the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] to debate the
resolution.
Mr. KELLEY. Would not the motion to
refer then be in order ?
The SPEAKER. Should a gentleman rise
to debate the resolution, it would go over under
the rules.
The question was then taken upon second-
ing the call for the previous question ; and
upon a division there were—ayes sixty-two.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kei.ley and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 05, noes 71.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to debate the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will go
over under the rules.
committee on public buildings, etc.
Mr. WILLARD submitted the following
resolution, upon which he called the previous
question:
Resolved, That leave be granted to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to sit during the
approaching vacation for the purpose of determin-
ing, in conjunction with the Senate committee, the
kind of stone to be used in the construction of the
new building; authorized by law to be built, for the
accommodation of the State. War, and Navy De-
partments; and that said committee bo authorised
to employ a clerk on the same terms that the Com-
mittee ot Elections has been authorized to employ
one.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Willaiid] ought, to modify
his resolution so far as the employment of a
elerk is concerned. This committee does not
want a permanent clerk with a salary the year
round; the Committee of Elections does want
such a clerk. The clerk of this committee
should have the same pay that the clerks of
committees ordinarily receive.
Mr. DAWES. Would it be in order for us
to relieve the committee of this duty by fixing
ourselves the kind of stone to be used V
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask if the reso-
lution could not be divided so that a separate
vote shall be taken on the portion authorizing
the employment of a clerk?
Mr. MAYNARD. How does this resolution
come in ?
The SPEAKER. It was offered by the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Willard] when
his State was called for resolutions.
Mr. WILLARD. I offered it on behalf
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it necessary to limit
the action of the committee to this one thing?
Why not allow the committee to consider all
similar subjects ?
Mr. DAWES. It is evident the committee
cannot discharge this function which has been
imposed upon them without authority be given
them. I would not, however, be willing to
give them general authority over all such sub-
jects.
The question was taken on seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 03, noes 58.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MAYNARD called for tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. I think if the gentleman
will modify his resolution by withdrawing the
portion authorizing the employment of a clerk
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Or fixing his
compensation at the same rate ordinarily paid
committee clerks.
Mr. GETZ. Under the new rule enlarg-
ing the powers of this committee it is abso-
lutely necessary that we should have a clerk.
Mr. WILLARD. I will modify my resolu-
tion so that it shall read that the clerk shall
receive the same pay as the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. No Committee on Naval
Affairs has been appointed for this session,
and consequently there is no olerk for that
committee. The pay of officers that are au-
thorized by resolutions of the House is very
closely scrutinized and audited at the Treasury
Department. Gentlemen, therefore, had bet-
ter be exceedingly careful in the wording of
their resolutions. .
Mr. SCOFIELD. Most of the committee
clerks are paid at the rate of $4 80 a day while
employed. A few, like the clerk of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and the clerk for the
Committee of Elections, are paid a salary run-
ning through the year. If we allow this clerk
higher pay than is allowed to most of the other
clerks we shall only make confusion and dis-
satisfaction.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the resolution be
modified so as to provide that, the clerk shall
receive, while employed under the direction
of the committee, the usual compensation
allowed to committee clerks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That phrase-
ology is very indefinite. There is no uniform
rule. The clerks of several of the committees
have been paid the year round.
Mr. MAYNARD. I modify my motion so
as to provide that this clerk shall be paid five
dollars a day during tho time he is employed
by the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Five dollars a
day is a new figure. No clerk now receives
pay at that rate. Those who are paid a per
diem receive S4 SO a day.
Mr. WILLARD. Very-well; make it $4 80.
Mr. RANDALL. I want the word "actu-
ally" inserted before the word "employed."
Several Members. All right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to the modification suggested by the
gentlemanfromPennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,]
and if there be no objection the previous ques-
tion will be considered as seconded upon the
resolution as modified.
There was no objection.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indemnity to fenian prisoners.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following resolution, on which I demand
the previous question:
Whereas the claims of American and British sub-
jects against their several Governments, respect-
ively, are about heing submitted to thejoint high
commission now in session in Washington: There-
fore,
He it resolved. That the House of Representatives
respectfully leanest the President of the united
States to cause to be submitted to such commission,
and urged for adjustment, the claims of each and
every American citizen for damages and loss suf-
fered on account of his imprisonment without due
proccss of law or trial in British prisons for supposed
complicity with the Fenian cause in Ireland.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this a concurrent reso-
lution?
The SPEAKER. In either form it would
be in order under this call.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to know
whett&r it is a concurrent or simply a House
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] intend this to be
a mere declaration of the House?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest to the gentle-
man to make it a concurrent resolution. If il
