734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
be passed by both Houses the President may
be more likely to recognize it. If I have been
rightly informed, he characterized in not very
proper terms a certain resolution which was
passed by the House alone.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
the strictness of the morning hour of Monday
to be relaxed. Debate is not in order. Does
the gentleman from Massachusetts modify his
resolution ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
to the modification suggested and make the
resolution concurrent.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question th^re were—ayes 71, noes 24; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Blair of
Michigan, and Mr. Butler of Massachusetts,
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 103, noes 8; no quorum voting.
During the division the following proceed-
ings occurred:
The SPEAKER. Members remaining in
their seats and not voting may necessitate a
call of the House. The rule requires every
member present to vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion pending the division by
tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from Ohio
who wants us to adjourn has not voted.
Mr. SCOPIELD. Mr. Speaker, has uotthe
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. Not quite. There is yet
time enough for members to vote.
Mr. STEVENSON. Some of us do not
understand this resolution. Is it in order to
have it again read?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the
count by tellers.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I desire to be
excused from voting.
The result of the count by tellers was an-
nounced as above stated.
The SPEAKER. No quorum basvoted.
Mr. COX. I would like to know who are
the absentees, so that we may introduce a
resolution censuring them.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. Has not the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has ; but the Chair
can entertain no business till the presence of
a quorum is disclosed.
Mr. COX. I move a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER caused the roll to be called,
and the following members failed to answer
to their names:
Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Biggs, James G. Blair,
Roderick E. Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Oommgo,
Grebs, Critcher, Darrall, Dickey, Edwards, iSldridge,
Elliott, Frye, Goodrich, Haideman, Hambleton,
11 iiy, Ii;iy?. Kotcham, Killinger. ICinsella, McGrew,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Slorpliis, Negley, Orr,
Parker, Peters, Price, John M. "Rice, Robinson,
Roosevelt, Sessions, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
K. Milton Speer, Sypber. Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthill, Opson, Voorhees, Washburn, Wil-
liams of Indiana, and Winchester.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and seventy-
five members have answered to their names,
more than a quorum.
The resolution went over under the rules.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message received from the Senate, by Mr.
Sympson, one of its clerks, notified the House
that that body insisted on the amendments dis-
agreed to by the House to House bill No. 320,
to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the*Efnited
States, and for other purposes, agreed to the
conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed Mr. Edmonds, Mr. Sherman", and
Mr, Stevenson, managers of said conference
on its part.
The message farther announced that the
Senate insisted on the amendments disagreed
to by the House, and disagreed to the amend-
ments of the House to House bill No. 19,
making appropriations for the payment of
additional clerks and messengers in the Pen-
sion Office, and for other purposes, agreed to
the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed Mr. Cole, Mr. Morrill of Ver-
mont, and Mr. Bayard, managers of said con-
ference on its part.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House joint resolution No. 42,
giving the consent of Congress to Professor
Joseph Henry, secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, to accept the title and regalia of a
commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of
St. Olaf, conferred upon him by the king of
Sweden and Norway, grand master of said
order.
PAYMENT OF INTEREST TO SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. WALLACE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 419) authorizing the payment of interest
due to the State of South Carolina ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. WALLACE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 420) to remove political disabilities
from certain persons therein named ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on the Condition of
the South.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed five thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office of 1870 for
the use of the House, two thousand tor the use of
the Senate, and one thousand for the use of the
General land Office.
HOMESTEAD FUND ASSOCIATION'.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 421) to incorporate the Homestead Fund
Association; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor.
COLLECTION OF TAXES.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 422)
to provide judicial proceedings in all cases of
assessment and collection of Federal taxes;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
ALABAMA CLAIMS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 423) to provide for a commission
to determine all claims for damages committed
upon our commerce by steamers Alabama,
Shenandoah, Florida, Georgia,and other Brit-
ish steamers; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LAURA BAKBR.
Mr. STARKWEATHER also introduced a
resolution relating to the pension of Laura
Baker; which was referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
MOBILE AND NORTHWESTERN RAILROAD.
Mr. PERCE presented a joint resolution of
the State of Mississippi, asking Congress to
aid by grant of lands the Mobile and North-
western Railroad Company; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
ST. LOUIS WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION.
_ Mr. FINKELNBURG presented a memo-
rial of the St. Louis County Woman's Suffrage
Association ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
KILLING OF DEPUTY MARSHALS.
Mr. COBURN. I ask the Clerk to read n
telegram I have received.
The Clerk read as follows :
Nashville, Tennessee, April 15,1871.
Hon. John Cobuk.v ;
One of my deputies was killed and one mortally
wounded, in White county, Tennessee, while at-
tempting to serve process, on the 13th instant.
T. J. HARRISON,
United States Marshal.
Mr. RANDALL. That was whisky.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What pro-
cess ?
Mr. COBURN. Process from the United
States court.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Whisky raid
or something of that sort.
Mr. COBURN. How do you know?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not
want any false impression to go out that this
has reference to any political difficulty.
Mr. COBURN. Do you jest at or justify
murder on the grounds that it was a whisky-
tax transaction?
MACHINERY FOR POLISHING PLATE GLASS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 424) to permit the im-
portation without duty of machinery for pol-
ishing and grinding plate glass ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
NORTHWESTERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. SWANN. I move to suspend the rules
and put upon its passage a bill authorizing the
President to cooperate with the Government
of Great Britain in the appointment of a joint
commission for determining the boundary line
between theUnited States and the British pos-
sessions between the Lake of the Woods and
the Rocky mountains.
The bill was read. It authorizes the President
of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to cooperate with the
Government of Great Britain in the appoint-
ment of a joint commission, in accordance
with the plan and estimates of A. A. Hum-
phreys, brigadier general and chief of engin-
eers, submitted November 23,1870, for determ-
ining the boundary line between the United
States and the British possessions between
the Lake of the Woods and the Rocky mount-
ains, at such time as he may deem advisable,
and appropriating $100,000, or so much there-
of as may be required, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to carry
into effect the object of said joint commission
onthe part of the United States and Great
Britain, until the said boundary shall have
been established.
Mr. SWANN. I will merely state for the
information of the House 
Mr. RANDALL. I shall objeet to any state-
ment unless we have an opportunity of replying.
Mr. SWANN. I am perfectly willing to
allow a reply.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I object to debate.
Mr. RANDALL. Thegentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Swans] will understand that in mov-
ing a suspension of the rules he has no right to
discuss the question at all.
Mr. SWANN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to say what I have to say.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Blair] objects to discussion.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the bill; and there
were—ayes 45, noes 70.
Mr. SWANN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
TAX ON LEAF TOBACCO.
Mr. PLATT. I offer for present considera-
tion a bill to amend the act imposing a tax on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 28,1808.
