1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
The bill was read. It provides that section
fifty-nine of the act imposing a tax on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 20, 1868, be amended
by adding after the clause relating to dealers
in leaf tobacco:
Retail dealers and leaf tobacco shall each pay 3500.
Every person shall be regarded as a retail dealer in
leaf tobacco who shall sell or offer to sell leaf to-
bacco other than that of his own growth and pro-
duction in quantities less than twenty-five pounds,
or to other persons than authorized dealers in leaf
tobacco, or licensed manufacturers of tobacco, snuff,
and cigars.
Mr. PLATT. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill. I hope no objection will
be made to my saying a few words in explan-
ation of the bill. I desire to say that this
bill was fully considered by the Committee
of Ways and Means of the last House, and
that it was approved and its passage desired
by every member of this House who was a
member of that committee. It is particularly
desired by the Department. And I am author-
ized to say that the passage of this resolution
will yield to the revenue of the country sev-
eral million dollars between now and the meet-
ing of Congress in December. The amend-
ment I have offered has been very carefully
guarded so as not to interfere with any person
who raises tobacco himself; neither does it
impose any new burdens on wholesale dealers.
If gentlemen will refer to the circular which
I have caused to be laid on their desks they
will find an extract from the report of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue which sus-
tains the amendment I have offered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. PLAT'f. I ask that the statement of
the Commissioner be read to the House.
Mr. HEREFORD. I object.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to have the bill
again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. RANDALL. The effect of the bill, if
passed, would bo to drive out every small man-
ufacturer of tobacco.
Mr. PLATT. It would have no such effect.
Its effect would be to protect small manufac-
turers.
Mr. DUKE. It would destroy the small
dealers in leaf tobacco.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
46, noes 70.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
pees on perry-boats.
Mr. CONGER. I move to suspend the rules
and put upon its passage a bill to exempt ferry-
boats from the payment of entrance and clear-
ance fees, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides in its first
section that vessels used exclusively as ferry-
boats carrying passengers, baggage, goods,
wares, and merchandise shall not be required
to enter and clear or to pay entrance or clear-
ance fees, but shall on arrival in the United
States be required to report such goods, wares,
and merchandise to the proper officer of the
customs according to law. The second sec-
tion provides that railroad cars or other vehi-
cles with goods, wares, and merchandise,
sealed by a customs officer under the provis-
ions of section six of the act of July 28, 1868,
and the regulations of the Secretary of the
Treasury, passing from one port or place in the
United States to another therein through for-
eign contiguous territory, shall be exempt from
the payment of any fees for receiving or certi-
fying manifests thereof.
Mr. CONGER. A bill passed last session
which was intended to include these provisions,
but by mistake they were left out. This is to
correct an error in that bill. The object is to
prevent the collection of twenty-five cents a
car for goods and merchandise" passing from
the West to the eastern markets, or from the
East to the West, through Canada. It is an
unnecessary expense and burden upon the trade
and productions of the West and of the East.
The bill passed last session was, as 1 have said,
intended to include these provisions, but by a
construction of the Department a fee of twenty-
five cents is imposed on each car passing from
the East to the West, and from the West to the
East. It is the wish of the Treasury Depart-
ment that this correction shall be made, and I
trust there will be no objection to it. I will
only add further that this was recommended
by the Committee on Commerce of the last
Congress.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules aud pass the bill; and there
were—ayes 58, noes 36 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Congee and
Mr. W. R. Roberts were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 67, noes 54.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended,
offenders against neutrality laws.
Mr. KINSELLA. I move a suspension of
the rules and the adoption of the resolution
which I send to the desk.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn. Some gentlemen de-
sire to go to business on the Speaker's table,
and if that can be done I will withdraw my
motion; but it is useless for us to do this kind
of business, as the Senate will not take up new
business. There are gentlemen here who desire
to attend conference committees but who can-
not leave, and I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will not insist on his motion to adjourn I will
move to go to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kinsella] is recognized to offer a
resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not insist on
my motion.
The Clerk then read Mr. Kinsella's reso-
lution as follows:
Whereas a conference is now being held between
joint high commissioners representing the Govern-
ment of the United States and that of Great Britain;
and whereas it is expected and desired that the
several questions which keep up unkind feeling be-
tween the people of the respective countries shall
be settled through the labors of such joint high
commission; and whereas the prolonged incarcera-
tion in the prisons of the Dominion of Canada of
persons accused of violating the neutrality laws is a
source of irritation to a large number ot American
citizens: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is respectfully requested to have the ease of such
persons presented before such joint high commis-
sion, to the end that their release may be effected.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 97, nays 60, not voting 73 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Barber,
Beatty, Beck, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Buflinton, Caldwell, Conger, Cox, Critcher, Cross-
land, Davis, De Largo, Dox. DuBose, Difke, Eames,
Edwards, Eldridge, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Porker,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Ilalsey, Handley,
Hanks, Harper, Jolm T. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard,
Holtnan. Kendall, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, Lowe, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Henry, Mclutyre, MuKinney, McNeely, Mercur,
Benjamin P. Meyers,Morgan, Leonard Myers, Nib-
lack, Palmer, Isaao 0. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Eli
Perry, Porter, Pptter. Randall. Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rico, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Rogers. Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober. Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, Starkweather, Stevens, Storm Stouehton,
Strong, Swaim, Teny, Turner, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whiteley. Whit-
thorn e, Williams of Ncw York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
Wood, and Young—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barry, Bigby, Bingham,
Austin Blair, Buckley, Burchard, Burdert, Benjamin
P.Butler, Cobb,Ooburn, Cook, Creely, Donnan, I)u-
ell, Dunneli, Charles Foster, Garfield, Jlale.Harmer,
GeorgeE.Harris. Havens, llawley. Gerry W.Hazle-
ton, John W.Hazleton, Hooper, Maynard, HcCrary,
McJunkin, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Packard,
Packer, Poland, Prindlo, Raincy, Ellis II. Roberts,
Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Shoemaker, 11. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, St. John, Taffe, Washington Townseud,
Twichell, Tyner, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron.
Wallace. Wheeler. Willard, and John T. Wilson—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Banks, Barnum, Bell, Biggs, JamesG. Blair, George
M. Brooks, Roderick R. Butler. Campbell, Carrol),
Clarke, Comingo, Cotton, Crebs, Darrall, Dawes,
Dickey, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Henry D. Foster,
Frye, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hay, Hays,
Hill, Iloar, Kelley, Kerr, Kotcham, ICillinger, Lam-
port, Lansing, Lynch, fllcCormiek, McGrew,McKee,
Merrick, Mitchell, Morey, Morphia, Negley, Orr,
Hosea W. Parker, Perce. Aaron F. Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Price, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Scofield,
Sessions, Shellabarger, Worthingrton C. Smith, R.
Milton bpeer, Stevenson, Stowell, Sutherland, Sy-
pher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Upson,
Voorhees, Walls, Washburn, Williams of Indiana,
and Winchester—73.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WILLARD said: I desire to state that
Mr. Ambler, of Ohio, is paired with Mr.
Roosevelt, of New York. If Mr. Ambler
were present he would vote " no."
business on spjsakek's table.
Mr. BLAIR of Michigan. I move that the
rules be so suspended that the House shall now
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, and that the debate on each
bill shall be limited to five minutes for and five
minutes against.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in order to
move that the House now take a recess until
half past three o'clock? I understand that the
Senate have taken a recess till that time, when
it is hoped the conference committees will be
ready to report.
Mr. MORGAN. There is business on the
Speaker's table that should be considered as
soon as possible.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now take a recess until half past throe o'clock.
The question was taken ; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 67, noes 74.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were thirteen ayes.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. B'ARNSWORTH' called for the yeas
and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes seven-
teen ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Before the result of this vote was announced.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were twenty-one yeas.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The yeas aud nays were accordingly not
ordered.
The motion to take a recess was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Blair, of Michigan, to suspend the rules
and proceed to business upon the Speaker's
table under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What bills
are there on the Speaker's table? Let us
know.
Mr. TAFFE. That would not be fair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does it
require a two-thirds vote to go to business on
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. A simple motion to pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table can be
decided by a majority vote. But should such
a motion be adopted on Monday, the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table
could be interrupted at any time by a motion
to suspend the rules for some other purpose,
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Blaie, of Michigan ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 87, noes 47.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Blair, of
Michigan, and Mr. Farsstsworth were ap-
pointed.
