T36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 73, noes 49.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
BEULAH BAPTIST CHURCH.
Mr. TWICHELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce, for consideration at this
time, a bill in regard to the Beulah Baptist
church.
The bill, which, was read, authorizes the
Secretary of War to give to the Beulah Bap-
tist church of Washington the old building
known as the Wisewell barracks, in which
said church have worshiped, said building to
be removed at the cost of said church, and
to be used only for religious and educational
purposes.
Mr. TWICHELL. This is a building belong-
ing to the Government. It stands upon pri-
vate land, and notice has been givea that it
must be removed forthwith.
Mr. RANDALL. Is any land involved'?
Mr. TWICHELL. None at all; only an
old building not now in use by the Govern-
ment, and which must be torn down.
^No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No.425) was received, readafirst, second, and
third time, and passed.
BROOKLYN NAVY-YAED.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following concurrent resolution
for consideration at this time;
Resolved, (the Senato concurring.) That the Presi-
dent is hereby requested to organize a commission
composed of Army and Navy officers, five in num-
ber. to examine and report to Congress on or before
the 20ih of .December next:
First. Upon the propriety of removing the Brook-
lyn navy-yard from its present site and selling the
land connected with the yard and tl,.e marine hos-
pital. and the probable sum that could he realized
to the Government by such sale.
Second. Upon the pro priety, in case of said removal,
of constructing a new yard, and, if deemed advisable,
where the fame, in their judgment, should bo located;
also, the estimated cost of a suitable site, and of con-
struction. _
Third. Upon the propriety of building a new ma-
rine hospital in ease of the removal of the one at
Brooklyn, where it should bo located, and tho esti-
mated cost thereof.
Mr. ARCHER. I must object to that.
Mr. SLOCUM. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and the resolution adopted.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the resolution adopted.
AMERICANS IN CANADIAN PRISONS.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS moved that the rules
be suspended, and the following resolution
adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to intercede with the authorities of the
Dominion of Canada for the release of American
citizens now confined in Canadian prisons.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the resolution adopted.
ELECTION OF MISSISSIPPI MEMBERS.
ilr. POLAND reported, from the Commit-
tee of Elections, the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be au-
thorized to take testimony in relation to the creden-
tials of the sitting members from the State of Missis-
sippi, the validity of tho election under which said
members claim seats, and the allegations touching
the same contained in tho memorial of A. C. Pisk,
and that said committee for that purpose are author-
ised to send for persons and papers.
REVOLVING CHAIRS KOR MEMBERS.
Hr._ NIBLACK. I move to suspend the
rules in order to adopt the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed to furnish for the Hall of the
iiouse at the next session revolving chairs similar
to samples now in the Journal-room ot the House.
_ Mr. Speaker, the chairs which this resolu-
tion provides for are similar to those rotating
chairs which some of as had last summer, and
which were found not only comfortable but
substantial.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to know
something about the cost.
Oa the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes 69, noes 48.
Mr. NIBLACK. I propose that, by unani-
mous consent, the resolution be referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
There being no objection, the resolution was
so referred.
JOIIS E. WHEELER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for
consideration at the present time, the bill (S.
No. 90) for the relief of John E. Wheeler.
If the House will hear a very brief statement,
I know there will be no objection to^the bill.
It appropriates only $247.
The bill was read for information. It ap-
propriates $247 74 to John E. Wheeler, late
a first lieutenant in the second Connecticut
heavy artillery, in full payment for his ser-
vices as such, from May 15, 1865, to June 15,
1865, and for commutation of transportation,
Mr. STGUGHTON. I object, unless there
is a statement in support of the bill from the
Adjutant General.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have here the report
made during the last Congress by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of the Senate. I
ask that it be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the documents will be read.
There being no objection, the Clerk read as
follows :
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill for the relief of John iS. Wheeler,
have had his case under consideration, and submit
tho followingreport:
John E. Wheeler, first lieutenant second Connec-
ticut heavy artillery, and akUde-camp on staff of
General Mackenzie, was discharged May 15, 1865,
under the provisions of General Orders No. 82, mus-
tering out those officers at home on account of sick
leave.
At the time of the issuing of General Orders No. 82,
May 6,1866, Lieutenant Wheeler was at Ms home 111
Connecticut, he having, April 25,1865, been granted
leave of absence for twenty days on account of
wounds reeeived in action. The Special Order So.
272, mustering bim out under the provisions of Gen-
eral Orders No. 82, was not issued until June 2.1865,
seventeen days alter he had returned, according to
tho requirement of his leave, to his command, and
was not received by him until June 15,1865, which
was bis first intelligence that he was out oi the ser-
vice, having then been on duty at Richmond, Vir-
ginia, thirty days after the time from which his dis-
charge was to take effect. For this thirty days' service
he has made repeated trials at the War Department
to obtain compensation, but without suocess.
In view, therefore, of tlie plain justice of the case,
tho committee recommend the payment to him of
the sum of $247 74, the amount of his pay for one
month, and mileage from Hartford, Connecticut, to
Richmond, Virginia, and return.
Memorandum of amount due First Lieutenant John E.
Wheeler, second Connecticut heavy artillery, and
atd-de-camp to Brigadier General Mackenzie, for
one month, $ pay and allowances, and for commuta-
tion, of transportation.
Pay and allowances 1135 83
Kxtra as aid-dc-eamp      20 00
T Total   83
.Less tax   5 29
n 150
Commutation of transportation from Hart-
ford, Connecticut, to Richmond, Virginia,
and return, nine hundred and seventy-two
miles at ten cents per mile  97 20
^otnl   $247 7i
When discharged I was serving as aid-de-camp to
General Mackenzie.
I was obliged to bear my own expenses from Con-
necticut to Richmond, Virginia, and back, which I
should not have incurred had I received my dis-
charge before leaving home.
JOHN E.WHEELER.
Mr. HOLMAN. This isso clear a case that
I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. B ORCHARD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BURCHARD. I understand unanimous
consent was asked.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] being on the floor, the
Chair will recognize him as moving to suspend
the rules.
The rules were suspended, and the bill was
passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmp-
sosr, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, House
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 822) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of the ship William F. Storer ; and
An act (H. R. No. 386) authorizing the
Secretary of War to place certain condemned
cannon at the disposal of the Pennsylvania
military legion of the city of Philadelphia.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. 11. No. 181) to establish post
routes.
LEGISLATURE 01' NEW MEXICO.
Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4.26) for convening the
next Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the Legislature of New
Mexico to convene1 on the first Monday of
December, 1871, and provides that an elec-
tion for members of both branches of the
Legislature be held on the day of the next
general election under the existing laws of the
Territory.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to state that there is
now a law of Congress making the legislative
sessions in all th-e Territories biennial ; yet
every Territory has its own time for holding
the election. A question has arisen whether
the next Legislative Assembly in New Mexico
would be legal under the law of Congress: in
other words, whether the Legislature should
meet biennially or .after an interim. ,of three
years. That Territory not being now repre-
sented on this floor, the matter has been
submitted to ine. It is desirable that this
bill should be passed for the purpose of fixiug
definitely the time for the meeting of the
Legislature.
There being no objection, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading ;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post norjTE.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 427) declaring the
route from Tunnell Hill to Dirt Town a post
route ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BLATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that it had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 42) giving the consent of Congress to
Professor Joseph Henry, secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution, to accept tho title and
regalia of a commander of the Royal Nor-
wegian Order of St. Olaf, conferred upon him
by the "king of Sweden and Norway, grand
master of the order; when the Speaker signed
the same.
LEAVENWORTH AND GALVESTON RAILROAD.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to take up and pass Senate bill No.
45, to enable the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and
Galveston Railroad Company to relocate a
portion of its road.
Mr. SHANKS. I object.
