1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
737
Mr. COOK. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
let me offer this amendment:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall ho con-
strued in any manner to enlarge said grant of land
in the .aggregate of acres of land now given by pres-
ent law.
Mr. COOK. That is in the bill already.
The rales were suspended and the bill passed.
steel railway babs.
Mr. POTTER. I submit the following reso-
lution :
Whereas the improvement in the manufacture of
railway iron by the Bessemer or pneumatic process
has been such that steel railway bars can now be
purchased in England for eleven pounds per ton;
and whereas Congress, atits last session,passed atax
bill in which was incorporated, without any oppor-
tunity being offered for a separate vote thereon, a
clause fixing the tariff upon steel rails at one and a
quarter cents per pound, or twenty-eight dollars per
ton; and whereas a tariff so disproportionate to the
cost of the article is calculated to prevent the intro-
duction of better rails, to limit the extension of rail-
ways by increasing their cost, and to diminish the
revenue to be derived from this source, with no ad-
vantage except to the few persons who control the
patent under which such rails are made in America,
who will thereby be enormously enriched to the
public injury: Therefore,
liesohed, That the Committceof WaysandMcans
be instructed to bring in a bill imposing a rate of
duty upon steel railway bais and rails made by the
Bessemer or pneumatic process of not exceeding
twenty dollars per ton.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move to refer
it to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. POTTER, I move to suspend the rules
and pass the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
robert brioden.
Pending the announcement of the adjourn-
ment, . '
On motion of Mr. GRIFFITH, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of Robert Brigden.
MARTIIA a. RUDOLPH.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers iii the case of Martha 0. Rudolph.
chesapeake college, etc.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the cases of Muldrow and of the Chesapeake
College.
james n. carpenter.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of James N. Carpenter.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absencc was
granted for the remainder of the session to
Mr. McCrary, Mr. Moore, Mr. Duell, Mr.
Lykch, and Mr. Speer of Georgia, from
"Wednesday next.
And then (at two o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of A. W.
Tousey and 185 others, citizens of Kaqsas, to
set apart a strip of land ten miles in width,
from Texas through the Indian country to
Kansas, to be used as a%)adway for the driv-
ing and transporting of cattle.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Wil-
liam Huffman, company I, fifth United States
infantry, for a pension.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of M. 11.
Kelly, J. H. Baleman, and 47 others, soldiers
and citizens of Lucas county, Ohio, asking the
42d Cong. IstSess.—No..47.
passage of the act granting to every soldier,
sailor, and marine who served in the Union
Army one hundred and sixty acres of land
without settlement, and bounty at $8 33|- to all
who have not received the same'.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 18, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. BECK, and Mr. BLAIR of Michigan,
demanded the regular order.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose does
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] rise?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For the
purpose of asking leave to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. BECK. I object. So long as the gen-
tleman's indictment against my State stands
on the record he makes no explanation on
this floor.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour begins at
twenty-five minutes past twelve, and reports
from committees are in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are some
Senate amendments to the post route bill
which I should desire to have disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the Chair must proceed with
the call of committees.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order for me to
call up, as a privileged question, a motion to
reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will call the
committees, and will then recognize the gen-
tleman from New York.
claims for pensions.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on
Accounts, reported the following resolution, on
which he demanded the previous question :
Resolved, That the clork of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions of the Forty-First Congress be
employed during the present session and until the
committee shall be appointed to examine and brief
the evidence in tho claims lor pensions now on the
files of the House, and paid at the same rate dur-
ing the last session of Congress.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BUFFINTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ship good return.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to furnish the House, at the commencement of the
next session, with a copy of the official correspond-
ence on file in his Department with the Chilian
Government in regard to tho seizure and destruction
of tile American ship Good Return.
withdrawal of pai'eks.
On motion of Mr. BROOKS, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, leave was given
to withdraw from the files of the House the
papers of A. J. Duncan, and Patrick Mc-
Anally.
ordell of business.
Mr. KERR. I rise to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] is on the lloor for the purpose
of calling up a motion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 demand the regular
order.
public expenditures.
The SPEAKER. The committees having
been called through, the regular order is the
consideration of the resolution offered yester-
day by the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Bell] in regard to public expenditures
and taxation, which went over under the rule,
and comes up this morning for discussion.
Mr. COX. I do not propose, nor did I
expect, to discuss that resolution now. _ But I
should like a fair vote'on this proposition for
fiscal reform. We have been endeavoring all
this session to get a test-vote. I want a vote
to test the value of the last elections as a reform
in revenue. I proposed on one occasion a res-
olution for a committee of seven to be appointed
for the purpose of going over all this business
of revenue with a view to a general, systematic,
and just system. The same resolution sub-
stantially was afterward introduced in the Sen-
ate by the Senator from Ohio, Mr. Sherman.
That gentleman stated in the Senate—if I may
be allowed to refer to it—that the Finance
Committee of the Senate were all in favor of
this reform. They were for a tariff for revenue
only. Although the Senate have not passed,
nay, have refused to pass our bill, striking off
the customs duties upon salt and coal, yet
one would suppose after our action that a dis-
position, on the part of this House at least,
existed to follow up their petty reform on two
articles by a more sweeping measure.
I should like, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that
the House should give me the committee which
I asked for. If the Committee of Ways and
Means be not appointed this session, let there
be a committee who are familiar with all the
varied interests of the country, who will go
over all this matter carefully and at leisure
during the recess. The country would approve
such action.
Mr. HOAR. I ask for the reading of the
resolution.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoar] asks that the resolution upon
which wo are to pass may be read. I have no
objection to that. I do not propose to detain
the House very long in the remarks I may make
upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
preamble and resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the Government of the United States was
established by the people for their own protection
and benefit, and should be administered on the
strictest principles of frugality and economy in its
expenditures, and that no money should be taken
from the people by taxation except to supply the
neccssary wants of the Government administered
upon such principles; and whereas the money an-
nually raised by taxation upon tho people should
not excecd the sum of $250,000,000, said sum being
amply sufficient to provide for tho ordinary expend-
itures of tho Government, tho payment of the inter-
est of the public debt, and in part liquidating the
interest of said debt: Therefore,
Resolved, That this House disapproves the inordi-
nate taxation to pay off immense sutns of the pub-
lic debt, as heretofore practiced by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and would limit tho sum lor the piiu-
cipal of said debt to $25,000,000.
Mr. COX. I was inclined, Mr. Speaker, to
make some alteration in this resolution, which
the gentleman from New Hampshire so kindly
offered for me. But I find it is not necessary.
Sohappily did the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire confirm my own careful calculation as to
what was necessary, that I leave the maximum
of taxation for all purposes, debt, interest, and
expenditures, as I made it. I leave the sum of
$250,000,000 as it was in my original resolu-
tion and as reoffered by my friend from New
Hampshire. I am the more satisfied with this
sum since the speech of my distinguished and
honorable colleague, [Mr. Brooks.] No one
is so familiar as he with these matters. He
has not only the ability, but, as one of the
Ways and Means Committee, he has had the
opportunity of ascertaining the^ sums to be
raised and appropriated. In his speech of
April 11 he showed that we were raising
$100,000,000 more of a surplus than we
should. He showed that for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871, of which ten months
have passed, we will show a surplus of that
amount. lie made it plain that our revenues
had not been reduced by the pretentious legis-
