32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
The amendment of Mr. Peters was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of* Mr. Kelley, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert the following:
That from and after the passage of this act the
duty on salt in bulk shall be twelve cents per hun-
dred pounds, and on salt in sacks or bags, eighteen
cents per hundred pounds.
The amendment was not agreed to; there
being—ayes 55, noes 97.
Mr. HALE. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that, according to the order of the
House, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. K. No. 0) to repeal the duty on salt,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
business of committee of elections.
Mr. McCitARY, by unanimousconsent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That all the papers in the cases of con-
tested elections be printed in whole or in part, at
the discretion of the Committee of Elections, and
that said couiraitteebc authorized to employ a clerk
during this Congress at the same compensation
which was allowed Uitn during the last Congress.
election contest noiuus vs. iiandley.
Mr. BUCKLEY submitted the following
resolution:
Rexolved, That the time for taking testimony in
the contested-election case of Norns vs. llandley,
from the third district of the State of Alabama, be
extended for sixty days from the 15th instant.
Mr. iiANDALL. 1 move that this resolu-
tion be relerred to the Committee of Elections.
There being no objection, the resolution was
so referred.
EXPENSES OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. McCRAUY. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho followingboadded to the rules
ol tne House:
Mule—. lu eases of contested elections there shall
be no compensation paid to a contestant who fails
to establish his right to a seat • but the House may,
in caseb where the contest is made m good faith and
with reasonable cause, allow and pay to such con-
testant his reasonable actual expenses incurred in
prosecuting such contest.
Mr. KERR. 1 object to that resolution
unless it be referred to the Committee of
Elections.
There being no objection, the resolution was
so referred.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. BECK. 1 move to reconsider the vote
whereby the House referred to the Committee
ou the Judiciary the bill for the removal of
political disabilities. I give notice that I shall
call up this motion to-morrow morning.
committee messenger.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub'
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the messenger of the Committee on
Appropriations bo continued for the present Con-
gress as heretofore.
enforcement of laws.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 7) author
izing the employment of the land and naval
forces of the United States in the enforcement
of the laws, and to secure the protection thereof
to all persons within the jurisdiction of the
United States ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary when appointed.
DUXBUilY IHRROK, MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. BUFFIXJ'ON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to cause an examination or survey to be made of the
harbor of Duxbury, Massachusetts, with a view to
dredging and improving the same, so as to afford
greater protection and facilities to commerce; and
that he report upon the feasibility of making such
improvement, and the probable cost thereof, to the
House of Representatives.
invalid messengers, etc.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the disabled of invalid soldiers
now acting in the capacity of messengers of the
House of Representatives be furloughed during
the recess of Congress, and paid out of the contin-
gent fund of the House.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES, ETC.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which,
together with the memorial of Mr. Hooper,
was referred to the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That sixty days from March 2,1871, be
granted to Hon. W, H. Hooper, Delegate from the
Territory of Utah, to take testimony in answer to
the notice of contest of George it. Maxwell, and to
the testimony taken by said Maxwell under said
notice.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That in the case of the contested elec-
tion of Rogers against Snyder, from the second dis-
trict of Arkansas, the time within which testimony
may be taken shall be continued in favor of both
parties for the period of sixty days from and at tor
the expiration of the time allowed to them by law.
INVALID PENSION CLERK.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consentto
introduce the following resolution:
Jtesolved, That the clerk of the Committee on In-
valid Pensions of the Forty-First Congress, be em-
ployed during the Forty-Second Conarress to examine
and brief theevidencein the claims for pension now
on the files of this House, some twelve hundred in
number, and those hereafter introduced, at the same
compensation as that paid the olerk of theCommit-
teo of Claims.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not. Let the clerks
of committees take the ordinary course. When
the Committee on Invalid Pensions are ap-
pointed, let them elect their clerk.
Mr. PETERS. That committee had before
them some twelve hundred cases, and they did
not report but a baker's dozen, because they
did not have time to consider them. The
appointment of this clerk will very much ex-
pedite the matter for the next session.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest that the appoint-
ing of these clerks by resolution before the
committees are appointed is a very bad prac-
tice, and if we do it for one we will have to do
it for all. I object to the resolution.
APPORTIONMENT.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No.8) for the apportion-
ment of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth cen-
sus ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
when appointed, and ordered to be printed.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider all votes
heretofore taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. That does not include the
motion to reconsider I entered.
The SPEAKER. It does not.
COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. STEVENSON and Mr. FINKELN-
BURG asked leave to be excused from serv
ing on the Committee of Elections; and there
being no objection, leave was granted.
a. c. PIERCE.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by
unanimous consent, leave was granted for the
withdrawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of A. C. Pierce, of Kirks
villp, Missouri, in support of his claim for
relief.
FREDERICK P. DIMPi'ELY.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Frederick P. Dimpfely.
LEAVE Of ABSENCE.
By unanimousconsent, leave of absence wa3
granted to Mr. McNEELY until Wednesday
next, to Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, for one
week, and to Mr. PERRY for ten days.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
tbat the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of William
Quinn.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Margaret Gannon, of Lowell, Mas-
sachusetts, widow of Thomas Gannon, late
private in company B, first regiment Massa-
chusetts cavalry, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Margaret Coggins, widow
of Philip Coggins, late private in company A,
eleventh regiment Massachusetts volunteers,
for a pension.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of Louis Goldstone, of California,
alleging that the lease by the Government of
the seal islands of Alaska to the Alaska Com-
mercial Company was obtained by a miscon-
struction of law ; that he was the highest bidder
for said lease and justly and lawfully entitled
to the contract; and praying Congress to de-
clare said lease to said Commercial Company-
canceled, and award it to the memorialist and
the parties he represents, in accordance with
his bid.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Mary A. Mil-
ler, of Morristown, New Jersey, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Amy Halsey, of Mor-
ristown, New Jersey, for additional pension.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Mrs.
Elizabeth Steen, praying for relief.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York : Resolutions
of the Albany County Medical Society, respect-
ing the action of Commissioner Van Aernam,
in removing a homeopathic practitioner from
the office of examining pension surgeon.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 10, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Cdrry, of New York.
election of president pro tempore.
The CHIEF CLERK, (William J. McDon-
ald, esq.) The Senate will come to order. The
Vice President has addressed to the Secretary
of the Senate a communication, with a request
that it be laid before the Senate, in the follow-
ing words:
Vice President's Chamber.
washington, March 10,1871.
Sir: Please state to the Senate that I shall be
absent from the city to-day.
Respectfully,
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
GiEORGE C. GorhaM, esq., Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Clerk, I send to the
desk a resolution which I ask the consideration
of immediately.
The CHIEF CLERK. The Senator from
Massachusetts offers the following resolution,
with a request that it be considered at the pres-
ent time:
Resolved, That, in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent, Hon. Henry B. Aktiiovy be, and he is hereby,
chosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
If there is no objection the resolution is
before the Senate.
The question being put, the resolution was
agreed to unanimously ; and Mr. Anthony
took the chair as President pro tempore.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States and inform him that the
Senate, in the absence of the Vice President, has
