1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
chosen Hon. Henry B. Anthony, a Senator from the
State of Rhode Island, President of the Senate pro
tempore; and that he oi:ikeasimilarcommunication
to the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope we shall not do
, that now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Alabama, that when the Senate adjournsto-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were 21 and the noes 22.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to say that
I think there are reasons why we should not
now adjourn over until Monday.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays '28 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Cooper.Davis ofKentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton, Hill,
Hitchcock, Kelly, Logan, Pratt, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurmipi, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Chandler, Cole. Conkling, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, ilanagan, Freling-
buy&en, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton,
Potneroy, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, West,
and Wright—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron,Carpenter,
Lewis, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Sawyer,
and Windom—11.
So the- motion was not agreed to.
REMOVAL OP DISABILITIES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a resolution adopted by the Gen-
eral Assembly of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky, requesting Congress to pass a law of
general amnesty removing from all those en-
gaged in the late civil war in opposition to the
General Government all civil and political
■disabilities under which they may rest by rea-
son of any oath, laws, or constitutions what-
soever; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the joint resolution
(S. R. No. 1) authorizing the appointment of
a commissioner to an international congress
Oil penitentiary and reformatory discipline.
The message also announced that the House
bad passed a bill (H. R. No. 4) to remove
the political disabilities of John H. Halley, of
Jasper county, Illinois, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
proceed now to the electiou of the standing
committees of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent
that the Senate proceed to the election of the
Standing committees.
Mr. HOWE. By resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection.?
Mr. WILSON. I feel it my duty to object.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I move, then,
the following resolution 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to proceed to the election of the standing com-
mittees does not require unanimous consent.
It is aqueslion that relates to the organization
of the Senate, and it can be decided by a
majority.
Mr. HOWE. I will offer this resolution then,
instead of the one I have sent to the Chair:
_ Resolved, That the Senate now proceed to the elec-
tion of the committees of the Senate.
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 3.
Mr. WILSON. Can thatresolution beaded
on to-day without unanimous consent?
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. Itcan. It
is a privileged question, relating to the organ-
ization of the Senate. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the resolution of
the Senator from Wisconsin be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate now proceed to the
election ol the committees of the Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Is that all
there is of it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is all.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to make an in-
quiry. The rule of the Senate, I believe,
requires the committees to be elected by bal-
lot. If the resolution be adopted I wish to
inquire whether the object is to proceed to
elect by ballot, or whether the motion that has
heretofore been made to suspend the rules and
appoint certain persons members of the com-
mittees by resolution is to follow?
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate agrees to this
resolution I shall then ask the Senate to sus-
pend the thirty-fifth rule, which requires the
election to be by ballot.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wished to know
what was to be done.
Mr. WILSON. The suspension of the rule
will require unanimous cousent, will it not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will.
The Senator from Wisconsin moves that the
Senate now proceed to the election of the
standing committees.
Mr. SCHURZ. Has it been decided by the
Chair that such a resolution must be acted on
immediately?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
acted on immediately.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will not a single objection
throw it over?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will not.
The resolution relates to the organization of
the Senate, and is a privileged question. The
question is on the resolution of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now, Mr. President, I ask
unanimous consent of the Senate to suspend
the thirty-fifth rule, which requires the elec-
tion of standing committees to be by ballot.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent
that the thirty-filth rule, which requires the
election of the chairmen of committees to be
by ballot, be dispensed with. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. HOWE. The usual method of electing
these committees is by a suspension of that
rule. Still, if it be the pleasure of the Senate,
or if it be the pleasure of any member of the
Senate, that the election be by ballot, we must
submit to that. It only puts us to the trouble
of preparing the ballots ; that is all.
Mr. CONKLING. Every Senator can pre-
pare his own ballot.
Mr. SHERMAN. If any Senator desires
that we shall ballot, let us proceed to ballot
for chairman of the first committee now.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the reading of
the thirty-fifth rule, that we may all see just
what we have to do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will report the rule.
The Chief Clerk read the thirty-fifth rule as
follows:
"35. In the appointment of the standing commit-
tees the Senate will proceed, by ballot, to appoint
severally the chairman of each committee, and then,
by one ballot, the other members necessary to com-
plete the same; and a majority of the whole num-
ber of votes given shall be necessary to the choice
of a chairman of a standing committee; but a plu-
rality of votes shall elect the other members thereof.
au other committees shall be appumted by ballot,
and a plurality of votes shall make a choice.
Mr. CONKLING.' Now let us execute that
rule.
Mr. HOWE. I move, then, that the Senate
proceed by ballot to elect a chairman of the
Committee on Finance.
ThePRESIDENT protempore. It requires
no motion.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the objection I
made.
Mr. HOWE. Then the objection to the
suspension of the thirty-fifth rule is withdrawn,
I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdraws his objec-
tion. If no further objection be made, the rule
will be suspended. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I send to the Chair, then, a
list of members to compose the committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves that the Senators
named on the list sent by him to the Chair
constitute the committees of the Senate for the
present session. The list will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows: *
On Privileges and Elections—Messrs. Sum-
ner, (chairman,) Stewart, Morton, Rice, Ham- ^
lin, Hill, and Thurman.
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Cameron,-
(chairman,) Harlan, Morton,. Patterson,
Schurz, Hamlin, and Casserly.
On Finance—Messrs. Sherman, (chairman,)
Morrill of Vermont, Fenton, Scott, Ames,
Wright, and Bayard.
On Appropriations—Messrs. Cole, (chair-
man,) Sprague, Sawyer, Edmunds, Windom,
West, and Stevenson.
On Commerce—Messrs. Chandler, (chair-
man,) Corbett, Kellogg, Spencer, Bucking-
ham, Conkling, and Vickers.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Hamlin, (chair-
man,) Robertson, Boreman, and Gilbert.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Morton, (chair-
man,) Cameron, Robertson, Tipton, and Davis
of West Virginia.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Wilson,
(chairman,) Cameron, Morton, Ames, Logan,
West, and Blair.
On Naval Affairs—Messrs. Cragin, (chair-
man,) Anthony, Nye, Osborn, Caldwell, Ferry
of Michigan, and Stockton.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chair-
man,) Edmunds, Conkling, Frelinghuysen,
Pool, Carpenter, and Thurman.
On Fost Offices and Post Roads—Messrs.
Ramsey, (chairman,) Pomeroy, Gilbert, Cole,
Flanagan, Ferry of Michigan, and Kelly.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Pomeroy, (chair-
man,) Tipton, Osborn, Sprague, Windom,
Logan, and Casserly.
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Davis
of Kentucky, (chairman,) Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Sawyer, Bayatd, and Cooper.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Harlan, (chair-
man,) Corbett, Buckingham, Stewart, Freling-
huysen, Hill, and Davis ofKentucky.
On Pensions—Messrs. Edmunds, (chair-
man,) Tipton, Pratt, Brownlow, Ferry of
Michigan, West, and Saulsbury.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Pool,
(chairman,) Brownlow, Corbett, Cragin, and
Davis of West Virginia.
On Claims—Messrs. Howe, (chairman,)
Scott, Sprague, Pratt, Boreman, Wright, and
Davis of West Virginia.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Pat-
terson, (chairman,) Sumner, Lewis, Spencer,
Caldwell, Hitchcock, and Vickers.
On Patents—Messrs. Ferry of Connecticut,
(chairman,) Carpenter, Morrill of Maine,
Windom, and Hamilton.
On Public Buildings and Grounds—Messrs.
Morrill of Vermont, (chairman,) Trumbull,
Cole, Stockton, and Hamilton.
On Territories—Messrs. Nye, (chairman,)
Cragin, Schurz, Boreman, Hill, Hitchcock,
and Cooper.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Stewart,
(chairman,) Ramsey, Wilson, Harlan^ Rice,
Fenton, Scott, Kellogg, Hitchcock, Blair, and
Kelly.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Rice, (chair-
