1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
Mr. COBURN. I intended no reflection
upon my colleague.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman intimated
that I did not vote my sentiments.
Mr. COBURN. 1 know very many who
did not.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is no reason why
you should intimate that I did not.
Mr. COBURN. I merely asked the ques-
tion.
Mr. NIBLACK. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do
not want to be diverted from what I have to
say ; and hence my impatience at being inter-
rupted. The Senate of the United States (and
I may refer to this, I suppose, without a breach
of order) have, it seems, in contemplation the
appointment of a committee to take into con-
sideration this subject of tax reform. Now,
we have decidcd in the most solemn way that
the Senate have no right to originate bills upon
this subject. If, however, we sit by and take
no measures ourselves to organize such a com-
mittee, the effect will be to allow the Senate on
this question to steal a march upon us, which
they have no right to do, or which, at all events,
it is great folly on our part to permit them to
do. This matter of taxation, in all its forms,
belongs peculiarly to the House of Represent-
atives. It is our province to originate all
measures with reference to it; and I insist
that we ought to initiate this work. We ought
not to sit quietly by in this disorganized condi-
tion and allow the Senate of the United States
to take precedence of us in this way. This is
one objection, if there were no other.
Sir, if we are honestly in favor of a measure
of reform upon these questions, of the tariff
and every form of taxation, then I wish to im-
press upon the House that we are derelict in
our duty if we adjourn and go home without
having first organized a committee which shall
be specially charged with this duty. If we
shall do this, then, when we meet next winter,
nothing will have been accomplished in the
way of preparation for legislation. The com-
mittee that may then be appointed will be able
to devote but a few weeks in any event to the
subject, if the measure which they may pre-
pare is to be reported in time for the action
of the House. The result will probably be
that at the adjournment of the next session
of Congress we shall leave these tax questions
unacted on, just as we did a year ago and three
years ago.
My object in seeking the floor to-day was
simply'to call the attention of the country to
the fact that while we are professing to be in
favor of reforming the revenue system, of re-
ducing the volume of taxation, of readjusting
duties upon imports and internal taxes, yet we
are likely to adjourn and go home without
adopting any measure which will efficiently
look to any legislation at the next session upon
these questions. If we shall do so, I shall be
prepared to declare that all this talk about rev-
enue reform by gentlemen who are acting with
the majority of this House is simply for the
purpose of influencing election campaigns,, with-
out reference to accomplishing, and without
designing to accomplish, any practical results
in that direction.
I do not intend in anything I have just said
to refer to my colleague, [Mr. Conuiw.]
Ilence he need not take any of this to himself.
Mr. COBURN. I do not take a word of it
to myself.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am a little afraid he may
consider himself in the category of gentlemen
who talk revenue reform before the people
without being earnest in urging it when they
get here to Congress. Of course 1 do not at-
tribute any unworthy motive to the gentleman ;
but we judge people by their works. Faith is
an excellent thing, but works, by universal
consent of mankind, are worth much more.
If we mean reform in these matters, let us
before this House adjourns adopt such a meas-
ure as may bring about reform.
I am much obliged to my friend from New
York [Mr. Cox] for the time he has kindly
yielded to me.
Mr. COX. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, in the pre-
amble of the resolution of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] there are abstract prop-
ositions with which I cordially concur. But I
desire to bring to the attention of the House,
and, if possible, of the country, ona proposi-
tion contained in the resolution which seems'
to be in accordance with a popular delusion.
It declares that "this House disapproves of
inordinate taxation to pay off immense amounts
of the public debt as heretofore practiced by
the Secretary of the Treasury."
I believe this side of the House disapproves
of inordinate taxation for the sake of the speedy
payment of the debt; I certainly do. But, sir,
we are older in legislation than the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] and have more
experience in the management of affairs, and
know that the Secretary of the Treasury has
imposed no taxes upon the people. The taxes
imposed upon the people are imposed by law,
and not by order of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.. He has had nothing to do with them,
except to see that they are efficiently collected
and that the funds derived thereby are faith-
fully applied.
Let me call the attention of the House to
the history of this question. For the six months
preceding the election of General Grant and
the installation of Secretary Boutwell the rev-
enues of the country were inadequate to meet
its current expenditures. Each month for six
months showed a declining balance in the
Treasury. After the 4th of March, however,
it was found that this was reversed. The same
tariff and tax laws prevailed. No increase of
duty, no increase of internal taxes; yet it was
found that taxes which had been insufficient
for the current expenses of the Government
were, under Republican administration, not
only adequate for that purpose, but sufficient
to justify the Government in beginning to pay
the public debt. Sir, in addition to paying
the current expenses, Secretary Boutwell has
out of these taxes paid $204,000,000 of the
public debt and reduced the annual payment
of gold interest more than twelve million
dollars.
More than that, sir. Congress, at its last ses-
sion, repealed $55,000,000 annually of internal
taxes and $23,000,000 duties from customs.
The total repeal of duties was $26,000,000 ;
but by increase of duty on certain articles it
is believed $3,000,000 additional of revenue
will be derived, whereby the reduction will be
diminished, thus making a total reduction of
$78,000,000 on the annual income of the Gov-
ernment. And yet, with that reduction, the
Secretary of the'Treasury goes on buying_ in
bonds, paying the public debt, and reducing
the annual interest so rapidly that the gentle-
man and many Republicans find fault with
him. To what use wxmld he have the Secre-
tary apply the money thus collected? Would
he have it lie dead in the Treasury ? Would
he thus withdraw from circulation the money
thus collected and produce embarrassment and
a commercial crisis? By buying the bonds
and restoring these funds to circulation the
Secretary of the Treasury not only reduced
our debt and annual interest, but has given us
a steadiness in financial affairs such as is
unparalleled in the history of our country for
twenty-five years. Gold has stood for months
between 110 and 111. Domestic and foreign
commerce and the manufacturing industries
of the country have gone on more steadily and
even-handedly for the same period of time than
they have in a quarter of a century preceding it.
Now, sir, I agree heartily with the gentle-
man that there may and should be a great
reduction of taxes; that the income of the
Government should be largely reduced. I
insisted on it during t.he last Congress that
the reduction should have been $100,000,000,
instead of $80,000,000, at which the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means aimed, and I believe
that with judicious legislation, to be devised
by the Committee of Ways and Means, we can
repeal from seventy-five to eighty million dol-
lars of taxes during the next session and still
go on paying the debt.
Let me assure the gentleman from New
York that I am "in dead earnest" for the
abolition of the internal revenue system at the
earliest day compatible with the maintenance
of the faith and credit of the Government. I
am for freeing the American people from the
system of supervision, inquisition, and espion-
age so disagreeable to them. It was made
necessary by the contingencies of the war, aud
should be abolished as soon as possible.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. With the gen-
tleman's permission, I will ask him a question.
Admitting the fact that we are receiving now
from taxes an income which can and ought to
be reduced seventy-five or eighty million dob
lars, why not do it now, now, now, instead of
putting it off to January, 1873?
Mr. KELLEY. Because we arc in the last
day of this session of Congress. If the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were appointed I
should favor charging that committee with an
investigation and revision such as were given
to the committee of the last Congress, of which
the gentleman from New York and I were mem-
bers, and to the fidelity of which I am sure ho
will bear testimony, although he did not agree
in the conclusions reported.
Mr. COX. I wish to ask a question.
Mr. KELLEY. I am speaking in your time.
Mr. COX. In your resolution abolishing
internal taxes did you not except out of it spirits
and tobacco ?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir. I merely indi-
cated that they should be retained as subjects
of taxation so long as any internal taxes were
required for the maintenance of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. COX. And by what machinery did the
gentleman propose to collect the tax on spirits
and tobacco ?
Mr. KELLEY. Why, so long as any internal
taxes are required, 1 would collect them by
appropriate machinery; but I would, at the
earliest possible day compatible with the
maintenance of the faith and credit of the
Government, abolish the whole system.
Mr. COX. Then the gentleman would break
down the internal taxation on everything except
tobacco and whisky, which are always regarded
as proper subjects of taxation ; and all the ma-
chinery of the inquisition, all the odium belong-
ing to the internal revenue system, he would
keep up until the very last moment—and what
for?
Mr. KELLEY. What last moment?
Mr. COX. Well, the gentleman does not
explain himself clearly, or else I would not
interrogate him.
Mr. KELLEY. I would, as I have said, re-
tain these taxes so long as any internal taxes
are necessary to the maintenance of the faith
and credit of the Government, and not one
moment longer.
Mr. COX. The gentleman did not intend,
therefore, so long as he cared for the credit
of the Government, to abolish the internal
revenue tax on tobacco and on spirits; and
everybody knows that nearly all the frauds on
the internal revenue are in regard to these two
articles.
* Mr. KELLEY. You cannot strike down
a system which yields $150,000,000, as the
internal revenue system probably will this
year, one third of which at least is absolutely
required to meet the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment ; you cannot strike that system down,
I say, all at once. And therefore I indicated
in my resolution the subjects of taxation which
I would retain to the last,.
Mr. FINKELNBU11G. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a question?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
