34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
man,) Chandler, Flanagan, Lewis, Logan,
Caldwell, and Saulsbury.
On the Revision of the Laws of the United
States—Messrs. Conkling, (chairman,) Car-
penter, Pool, Pratt, and Hamilton.
On Education and Labor—Messrs. Sawyer,
(chairman,) Morrill of Vermont, Flanagan,
Patterson, and Blair.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate—Messrs. Fenton, (chair-
man,) Windom, and Saulsbury.
On Printing—Messrs. Anthony, (chairman,)
Howe, and Casserly.
On the Library—Messrs. Morrill of Maine,
(chairman,) Howe, and Sherman.
Ore Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Buckingham,
(chairman,) Ames, and Davisof'West Virginia.
On Enrolled Bills — Messrs. Carpenter,
(chairman,) Lewis, and Kelly.
Select Committee on Revision of the Rules—
Messrs. Pomeroy, (chairman,) Edmunds, and
Bayard.
Select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities—Messrs. Robertson, (chairman,)
Boreman, Ames, Gilbert, Vickers, and Ste-
venson.
• ' Select Committee on Levees of the Mississippi
River—Messrs. Kellogg, (chairman,) Trum-
bull, Sehurz, and Spencer.
Select. Committee on Southern Outrages—
Messrs. Scott, (chairman,) Wilson, Chandler,
Rice, Nye, Bayard, and Blair.
Mr. SCHURZ. Would it be in order to
move that the consideration of this resolution
be postponed until to-morrow?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would.
Mr. SCHURZ. I make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put
I wish my friend would allow me to make
another motion, in the nature of a suggestion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. Does the
Senator from Missouri withdraw his motion to
allow the Senator from Massachusetts to sub-
mit a motion?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that my name shall be
eliminated from the Committee on Privileges
and Elections. I observe that I am placed at
the head of that important committee ; but I
now most respectfully ask to be excused from
serving upon it; and I presume it is better for
me before the Senate act on the resolution to
have that amendment made. I therefore ask
that the resolution be amended in that respect
by striking out my name from that committee,
to which there can be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts will
be regarded as a notice; but the Senator from
Missouri moves to postpone the further con-
sideration of this resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose he will withdraw
that motion in order that I may make the
motion I now do.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I withdraw my motion for
the moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks that his name
may be eliminated from the Committee on
Privileges and Elections. Is there any objec-
tion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt very much the
propriety of acting on a motion of that kind
at this stage of the proceedings. The Senate
is now organizing its committees. After the
committees are organized, if any Senator in-
sists on being relieved from service on any
committee, as a matter of course the Senate
will always grant that request; but it is not
usual to allow these motions or requests to be
made before the Senate acts on the formation
of the committees. It would involve us in
irretrievable confusion, and would present a
very disorganized programme of committees.
We constitute committees as a whole, and
after they have been adopted, if any Senator
desires to withdraw from a committee to which
he has been assigned, when the Senate ex-
cuses him the Vice President or the Presiding
Officer may fill the vacancy ; but if we allow
these motions to be made now, prior to the
adoption of the committees, it will create seri-
ous embarrassment. I appeal to the Senator,
from Massachusetts, as he intends to ask to be
relieved from service on this committee, at
least to allow a vote of the Senate to be taken
on the adoption of their list of committees,
and then if he desires to withdraw from any
committee, I, for one, will be willing to yield
to that request; but I think it ought to be
done after the action of the Senate organizing
the committees.
Mr. SUMNER. I think my friend departs
somewhat from the usage of the Senate when
he asks me to withdraw an amendment to a
pending proposition. As I understand it, there
is now a resolution before the Senate for adop-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, the reason, and the only reason, why a
vote by ballot is ever required in the Senate
of the United States is to prevent motions to
amend ; and now, if the Senator can make a
motion to amend, there may be one hundred
and sixty motions to amend this list, and we
should never get through.
Mr. SUMNER. But I ask the Senator, can
there be the least question that those motions
may be made ? Is not that one of the alter-
natives? If a proposition like this is brought
forward in the shape of a resolution, it is open
to amendment ad infinitum. There can be
no question about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood that this res-
olution could only be offered by unanimous
consent, and the uniform usage of the Senate
is, that when a resolution of this kind is intro-
duced and the election by ballot is waived, to
take the programme as a whole. If the Sen-
ator wished to object to the organization of a
particular committee, or wished to amend, lie
ought to have insisted on a separation of the
committees and a vote by ballot.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator, I think, de-
parts from parliamentary law and from the
rule of the Senate in the opposition that lie
makes. Here is a resolution, nor more nor
less, because the Senator from Wisconsin hav-
ing the matter in charge chooses to put it in
that form. It is a resolution, and as such
coming before the Senate it is subject to all
the conditions of a resolution, open to amend-
ment in every form and way. We have already
had a motion made by the Senator from Mis-
souri for the postponement of its consideration,
treating it as a resolution subject to all the con-
ditions of a resolution. And now, before action
on the question of postponement, I make an-
other motion, that my name may be elim-
inated from the place it occupies on the
Committee of Elections and Privileges. The
motion, I submit, is in every respect in order,
though on that I submit to the judgment of the
Chair.
But I go further. It is not only in order, it
is eminently proper. The Senate before acting
on this resolution should know if a Senator is
not disposed to accept tlio place assigned to
him. I feel, though the Senator from Ohio
may think that I claim too muc!h, that after
twenty years in this service I have a right to
expect that my associates in this Chamber will
not impose upon me a new class of duties when I
expressly say that they are not welcome tome.
Does the Senator from Ohio think otherwise?
Would he impose them upon me?
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend asks me a ques-
tion, and I will answer it. I have already
stated that I will vote to relieve the Senator
from a duty assigned to him by the Senate;
but I am not disposed to vote to relieve him
from that duty until he asks it in the usual way
after the Senate have assigned him to that
place. Perchance the Senate may not, on a
vote, decide to assign him where it is now pro-
posed to assign him ; but after that has been
done, it will be time enough for the Senator
to present this motion.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I understand; the
Senator wants a departure from the parlia-
mentary rule. I submit to the Chair whether
my motion is in order. . If it is in order, then
I shall ask the action of the Senate upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is before the Senate, and is open to
amendment. The amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts is in order, although the
practice has been as the Senator from Ohio
states.
Mr. SUMNER. With regard to the practice,
there has been no occasion heretofore for such
a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator's motion is in order undoubtedly.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise merely to make
this suggestion : that the difficulty suggested
by my colleague can be got rid of by the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin moving to
amend the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts by inserting the name of such
chairman as the majority see fit to select, and
then it will all be done by one vote.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Ohio will
see that I could not attempt to perfect the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts in
the way suggested by him ; because I am not
prepared to suggest any name to take the place
of that of the Senator from Massachusetts. I
understand the Chair to have decided that the
motion submitted by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is in order. I am very sorry the ques-
tion has been raised. I am very sorry that
any parlimentary question should be raised;
but if that is the decision of the Chair, I have
nothing to say. •
Mr. BOREMAN. Would it be in order to
pass over the formation of this committee and
take up the others and decide them, leaving
this one to be completed afterward ? I make
that suggestion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; let us take the ques-
tion on the amendment.
The PRESIDENTproimjsore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts moves that his name be
eliminated from the head of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Missouri now moves that the further
consideration of this resolution be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. HOWE. I raise the question now
whether that motion be in order? The Senate
has just decided to proceed now to the elec-
tion of the standing committees, has by unani-
mous consent suspended the rule which re-
quired the election to be by ballot. Is not a
motion to postpone this election until another
day in direct conflict with the vote which the
Senate has just taken?
Mr. SCHURZ. W6 have already proceeded
to the consideration of this resolution, and
after we have proceeded 
Mr. HOWE. To the election.
Mr. SCHURZ. The electio n was proposed
to us in the shape of a resolution, which is
open to amendment and subject to all the other
rules which refer to resolutions ; and after we
have proceeded with that five minutes, it seems
to me that a motion to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution until to-morrow
is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In tho
apprehension of the Chair, the motion of the
Senator from Missouri is in order. The Senate
have already proceeded to the consideration of
.the resolution, and the question is before the
Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that motion wiu
prevail, and that this matter will go over until
to-morrow. I make this suggestion for the
purpose of examining this resolution with some
care, and in the hope that if any errors have
been committed in it they may be corrected
before we are called finally to vote upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mis-
