1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
souri, that the further consideration of this
resolution be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 21, noes 29.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the adoption of the resolution.
M|\ SCHURZ. I made the motion to post-
pone the consideration of this resolution until
to-morrow for the following reason: it is well
known to the Senators present, at least to
most of them, and by this time I think it is
well known to the country, that there are cer-
tain disagreements with regard to appoint-
ments on the committees now submitted to the
Senate. It- was my desire, to try a last resort
to reconcile those disagreements, and to pre-
vent the excitement which" may possibly grow
out of them. It seems that last chance has
not been granted to us.
Before the resolution is brought to the vote
of the Senate, I suppose it is open to debate,
is it not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. SCHURZ. It will have been noticed
by Senators that in the resolution now before
the Senate a change of some importance in the
chairmanship of one of the committees is made.
I refer to the chairmanship of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, The late chairman of
that committee, the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner,] is my friend. I may, say
that I am bound to him by intimate personal
relations; but I desire to state at the same time
that whatever my personal relations to him
might be my judgment on this question would
not be affected It them. I think I speak the
unanimous sentiment of the Senate, and I may
go further and say that I speak the unanimous
aentiment of the country, when I assert that
the duties connected with the chairmanship of
the Committee on Foreign Relations have been
discharged by the Senator from Massachusetts
with great credit to himself' and to the com-
mittee, and I have no doubt with great satis-
faction to the American people. I think that
he is looked upon universally as the member
of the Senate who by education, by training,
by study, by ability, natural turn of mind, and
social qualifications is most eminently fitted to
fill that position. Of course I will not go so
far as to say that there is no other member of
the Senate who could not also creditably dis-
charge its duties.
The resolution which has been reported to
the Senate places another gentleman in that
position, the Senator from Pennsylvania, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Cameron.] A great
many Senators have toward him the kindest
feelings, and so have I. Nobody doubts, I
presume, that his studies of international law
have also been profound, or that his long expe-
rience in the service of the country, especially
as to our relations with foreign Powers, emi-
nently fits him for that place; that from his store
of knowledge he could shed lightupon the most
intricate questions, and that with him at its
head the committee will enjoy in the highest
degree the unlimited confidence of the coun-
try. But I am free to say that he is not so
vastly superior to the Senator from Massachu-
setts in those particulars that for reasons of
study, knowledge, experience, culture, and
ability the Senator from Massachusetts must
be taken out of the way to make room for him.
There must evidently be some other ground ;
and when a movement is made to take away
from a position, so long and so honorably filled
by him, a gentleman who stauds so prominent
in the estimation of his fellow-citizens, a move-
ment which, whatever the intent may have
been, certainly will look like degrading that
honorable member of this body, I think it is
butjust to him, it is but just to the Senate, it is
but just to the whole country, that the reasons
for which such a change is proposed should be
laid open to the world. 1 therefore ask the
Senator who has introduced this resolution
what the reasons are for this change?
Several Senators. Question.
Mr. MORTON, (to Mr. Howe.) I would
answer it.
Mr. STEWART, (to Mr. Howe.) I would
not answer it, nor say a word.
Mr. HOWE. It is very evident that my
friends are divided upon the question whether
I shall answer a simple inquiry addressed to
me by the Senator from Missouri. I should
like to agree with both sides if I could, but as
I cannot I think I shall be guided by that rule
of courtesy which I have tried to be guided by
all my life, to wit: to make a civil answer to
a civil question. So far as I know what the
reasons were, (and I ought to know as well
about them perhaps as any one individual,
certainly not so well as all individuals,) so far
as I know what these reasons were, they were
substantially and briefly these, or rather this :
certainly no question was raised about the
ability of the Senator from Massachusetts, and
I never heard any pretension that he was sur-
passed in those respects by the Senator who is
proposed to succeed him, but it was known to
those who proposed this change, as it seems to
b'e very well known to the country, that the
personal relations existing between the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts and the President of
the United States and the head of the State
Department are such as preclude, I understand,
all social intercourse between them. In brief,
I may say that the information communicated
to us was that the Senator from Massachusetts
refused to hold personal intercourse with the
Secretary of State——
Mr. BORE MAN. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin please speak so that we can hear
him on this side? We cannot hear a word he
Mr. HOWE. I was answering a question
put by the Senator from Missouri, and was
addressing myself rather to him. I was saying
that the Senator from Massachusetts refused
to hold personal intercourse with the Secre-
tary of State and that he has not had any
personal intercourse with the President of
the United States, and it-was deemed best that
the head of that committee should be on speak-
ing terms, at all events, with those officers, in
order to discharge all his duties to the people
of the United States.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I am very
credibly informed, in fact on the very best
authority, that, whatever rumors may have
been in existence, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts who now sits behind me [Mr. Sdm-
ner] has not refused to enter into any official
relations either with the President of the Uni-
ted States or with the Secretary of State.
Mr. HOWE. I ask my friend not to change
the issue. I did not speak of their official
relations; I spoke of their personal relations;
I used that term whenever I spoke of relations
at all.
Mr. WILSON. Then, Mr. President, it
comes to this, that the oldest member of the
Senate of the United States, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations through
the past ten years, is to be disrated, removed
from the chairmanship of his committee and
from the committee itself, because of the per-
sonal or social relations between the President
of the United States and himself and between
the Secretary of State and himself! Now, sir,
I believe that it is none of our business what
those personal or social relations are. It is
none of our business what the social or per-
sonal relations of any Senator are to the Pres-
ident, to any member of the Cabinet, to any
member of this body, to any member of the
House, or to any other person in the service
of the Government. The question is simply
this: is the member in a position to hold offi-
cial relations with the President, with the Cab-
inet, and with members of this body?
I agreed with the Senator from Missouri
that this proposition should be postponed. It
should not, under present circumstances, be
precipitated upon us. But it has been determ-
ined otherwise, and it must be now considered.
I need not say that I am opposed to this
change on personal accounts. No one could
expect me to assent without entreaty, ay, and.
remonstrance and protest too, to an act that
shall strike a blow or be deemed to strike a
blow at a friend and associate of twenty-five
years. With him I have acted in minorities and
majorities. In peace and in war we have co-
operated, stood side by side. My opposition -
to this deed is, however, chiefly for the reason
that I believe the great interests of the country
will not be promoted by taking the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations from,
the place he has so long filled with signal abil-
ity, and placing it in the hands of a gentleman
who, however worthy he may be, is not specially
fitted and trained to its duties. I believe, in the
present condition of the country, in the condi-
tion of our foreign affairs, we need at the head
of that committee all the experience, all the
learning, all the talent we can put at its head.
I am opposed to this movement for political
reasons. The great political party to which we
are attached has been intrusted by the Amer-
ican people with the administration of this
Government. It has the executive, the legis-
lative, and the judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment intrusted to its care. It is respons-
ible to the people, to history, to God, for the
proper ad ministration of national affairs. Now,
sir, I see no wisdom in making this change.
On the contrary, I state what I believe to be
true, that there are hundreds of thousands of
the most thoughtful, pure, trusted, self-sacri-
ficing, and noble men of the Republican party
whose hearts have been saddened by this intel-
ligence. There are hundreds of thousands of
men that will see neither justice nor wisdom
nor political sagacity in this act. Sir, we are
in no condition to do an act that shall wound
or grieve huudreds of thousands of the purest
and best men in the country who feel an act
of injustice toward an old public "servant as a
wound.
I therefore hope this matter will not be
acted upon to-day; that this resolution or
report will not be adopted ; that it will go
over until to-morrow; that we shall have the
"sober second thought" of this body. We
shall bear from the people, who have a right
to be heard on this question. Sir, those who
persist, on this close vote, in considering this
question to-day are making a mistake, a mis-
take that we shall see and feel, too. If it is
persisted in, upon them must be the responsi-
bility of our action. For my own part, I wash
my hands of it in every aspect of the case. I
have voted and I shall continue to vote to post-
pone this proposition, to review it, to reflect
upon it, and if possible to change the result.
Therefore, Mr. President, I move that the fur-
ther consideration of the subject be postponed
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone made by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I am one of those who thought that the
change now proposed was unwise ; but all the
usual forms of opposition having been ex-
hausted, 1 think it is unwise to make further
opposition, and it is unusual, unprecedented,
and while parties exist I think it is not to be
tolerated. I therefore hope that we shall now
go on and complete the organization of the
Senate as a majority have decided.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I am sorry
to hear the Senator from Vermont express the
opinion that all means are exhausted to avert
this disagreement, and that nothing is left now
but quiet submission to what a great many
consider not only a wrong but a blunder. I
for my part do not abandon the case so easily.
Senators should understand also that this de-
bate here is not made for the purpose of pre-
venting action upon this resolution, but that
it is made for the purpose of obtaining delay,
and the effort is made with the single intention
to restore among us that harmony which seems
