742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18.
Why not reduce them now? Why adjourn
again and leave these mountain loads of tax?
Here we are in good weather, and I may add
in good temper. The people are clamoring to
be relieved from these burdens, and we make
haste to leave the country a prey to the mis-
fortunes you have brought upon it.
Mr. COBURN. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] will allow me to ex-
plain just one point as to the filibustering.
Mr. COX. My friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] has been investigating this question,
and is prepared to show that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Cobcrx] was wrong in the
sweeping statement he made.
Mr. COBURN. In what respect?
Mr. BECK. In the statement that a major-
ity of the Democrats voted to lay the reso-
lutions relative to free shipping on the table,
which was the only vote by yeas and nays on
the question.
Mr. COBURN. I never stated that. What
I said was that the majority of the Democrat?
did not vote in favor of free shipping.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman distinctly stated
that the majority of the Democrats voted to
lay on the table, whereas on every recorded
vote the majority of the Democratic members
were in favor of free shipping.
Mr. COBURN. There were only twenty
Democratic votes against laying on the table.
Mr. BECK. There were twenty-two Demo-
cratic votes against laying on the table and
only seventeen for it.
Mr. COX. I am glad the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Coccus] has seen fit to make a
correction of his former statement.
Mr. COBURN. I made no correction ; and
the gentleman will not deny that it was the
Democrats who called the yeas and nays twice,
so as to use the whole time up.
Mr. COX. I will say this again and again,
to livet the responsibility for the failure of
free ships where it belongs : that the gentlemen
oti the opposite side had a majority of two
thirds. They were all-powerful. If they were
so great intellectually, so strong politically,
so wise economically, why did they not make
needed reforms? Why, instead of putting in
rueh pitiful excuses as we have heard to-day
for past derelictions, do they not now under-
take the mitigation of taxation, and pass this
resolution instructing the Secretary of the
Treasury as to his duty about paying off the
debt?
order op business.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, the
morning hour has expired. I move that the
House proceed to the consideration of busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. When will the lesolution
which has just now been under discussion
come up again ?
The SPEAKER. In the next morning hour.
Mr. COX. I called the previous question
as 1 sat down.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blahi] had risen at the expir-
ation of the morning hour to move that the
House proceed to the consideration of busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, and the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] could not take
him off the floor.
The motion to proceed to business on the
Speaker's table was agreed to.
post route bill.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. So. 181) to establish post 
routes, with Senate amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were to add
to the bill the following post routes in the
States and Territories named :
MINNESOTA.
Prom Rush City, via Stanehfiold, to Princeton.
From Benson to Lue-qui-Parie
to Cow'springC CUy''¥la SilVai'HW1, J'orrcst Prairie,
from Carver to Henderson,
MONTANA.
From Virginia City to Summit City.
NEVADA.
From Winnemucca to Camp Winfield Scott.
NEW MEXICO.
From Mesilla to I/a Union,
From Cliffton to Dry Cimarron.
WEST VIRGINIA.
From Princeton, via Jordan's Chapel, to county
seat of Summer county.
From Red Sulphur Springs, via Salt Wells, to
Princeton.
ARKANSAS.
From Laruartine, in Columbia county, to Centre-
ville, in Hempstead county.
From Mount Ida, via Iron Sulphur Springs and
Shipman Reeds', to Bluffton.
INDIANA.
From Bono, via SaitilloviUe and Claysvillc, to
Livonia.
IOWA.
From Sydney to Riverton.
KANSAS.
From New Chicago to Fredonia.
MICHIGAN.
From Amadore to Goodland.
From Northville to Milford.
From Lapeer to North Branch.
From Lapeer to Madley.
From North Branch to Doyle's Mill.
From North Branch to Newberry, via Clifford.
From Milford to Holly.
MINNESOTA.
From Rush City,via Anderson post office, to Grants-
burg, Wisconsin.
From Cambridge to Stark.
From Medalia to Golden Gate.
From St. Cloud, via St. Wendall and Young's Cor-
ners, to Holdingsford.
MISSOURI.
From Brooltfield, via North Salem, Owaseo, and
Kedsv-ille, to Unionville.
From Osceola, via Humansville, to Bolivar.
From Stoutland, via Hazle Green, Nebo, Pine
Creek, and Competition, to Hartville.
From Forsyth, Missouri, viaLong Creek, to Berry-
ville, Arkansis.
From Mirslitteld, via Arno and Gainesville, to
Batesville, Arkansas.
From Plymouth to Dunkle's Store.
From Riehey to Washburn.
From Richey, via Newtonia, to Huntsville.
From Marshfield, via Miteomah, Elma, Ming's
Springs, and Elk Creek, to Aurora.
From Marionsville, via Berryville, to Clarksville,
Arkansas,
From Marianvillc, via Flat Croek and Ilazle Bar-
rens, to Huntsville, Arkansas.
From Ozark, via Goff Creek, to Galena.
NEBRASKA.
From Wisner, via Fairfield and Santee City, to
Niobrara.
From Hooper, via valleys of'Logan and Omaha
creeks, to Covington.
OHIO.
From Wilmington, via Cuba, to Blancljester.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, the
amendments of the Senate were concurred in.
NICHOLAS p. TIIIST.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 178) for the* relief of Nich-
olas P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will con-
sent to put this bill on its passage.
The bill was read. It proposes to pay Nich-
olas P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo, the sum of $13,762 40. being
balance due on account of salary, outfit, and
return allowance as commissioner to Mexico
from April 15, 1847, to April 8, 1818, with
interest on the above sum from March 7, 1870,
the^te of the presentation of his petition, and
the^fclher sum of $797 52 for contingent
expenses incurred, with interest from April
8, 1848.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
_ Mr. BANKS. I hope the bill will be con-
sidered and acted upon at this time. I will
state very briefly the facts in relation to it.
This bill was referred during last session to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the com-
mittee directed its chairman to report in favor
of the bill and ask its passage by the House,
with an amendment striking out the words
authorizing interest, and directing the reduc-
tion of so much in the amount as should have
been computed for interest. This would reduce
the amount about two thousand dollars, making
the appropriation $11,000, or thereabouts,
instead of §13,000. the amount now in the
bill
Mr. Trist is an old man, ill and poor, with
no expectation of enjoying life much longer,
and leaving a family, I believe, behind him
without any support whatever, if he should be
taken away. ITe conferred upon this country
one of the greatest benefits that any man has
conferred upon it. There were political diffi-
culties concerning it, but the United States
accepted the result of his labors, and enjoys
to-day the advantages of it. He put an end
to the war with Mexico; he gave us peaceful
possession of the State of Texas; he gave us
the Territory of New Mexico, and he gave us
the State of California. He had been sent out
to Mexico by Mr. Buchanan, then chief of the
State Department, to negotiate a treaty. He
was chief clerk of that Department. Before
he had completed his work political difficulties
arose and he was recalled, but he continued
his negotiations with the Mexican Government
and finally consummated the treaty which now
bears his name, the only name of an American
which is upon that treaty which made peace
with Mexico.
Two commissioners were sent out by the
United States to supply his place after his re-
call. They found that the best they could do
was to accept the treaty which Mr. Trist had
made. They bore that treaty back to the city
of Washington. It was approved by the exec-
utive department and ratified by the Senate,
and those commissioners were paid what ought
to have been paid to ministers authorized to
negotiate a treaty ; that is, their outfit, their
return-fit, under the law at that time, and one
years' salary, which amounted in all to about
twenty-two thousand five hundred dollars.
Now the friends of Mr. Trist claim that he
ought to have been paid a similar sum, for he
bore the highest grade of diplomatic rank, he
had completed the service, the Government
had accepted the result of his labors, and they
enjoy to-day the results of those labors: and
Mr. Trist, poor, old, sick, just about to depart
from this life leaving nothing to his family, has
never been paid anything whatever for those
labors. He received the pay of a chaige
d'affaires, which amounted to about eight thou-
sand dollars and a very small amount for
certain expenses, not, 1 believe, making the
amount he received mure than between eight
or nine thousand dollars. This bill, which
comes to us from the Senate, proposes to give
hini the balance that is neectsary to inak>, up
the sum which he would have In en paid if he
had been one of the ministers that bore the
treaty to the city of Washington. His claim
included one year's interest upon the appro-
priation of the salary, and thirteen or fourteen
years' interest upon an item of seven or eight,
hundred dollars for incidental expenses.
The committee last session directed me to
strike out the appropriation for interest, which
reduces the sum about two thousand'dollars,
upon the rule that seems generally to be estab-
lished by the House, that the Government, is
not willing to pay interest, though even this is
not well established by the precedents of the
House. The bill, therefore, requires an appro-
priation of but $11,000. Mr. Trist forebore
to make application to the Government for
what is due him during the war. He has only
asked for it within the last year or two. lie
believed that he was entitled to it, that he had
been wrongfully treated by the Government,
and his self-respect forbade him to preps the
Government in support of his claim; but now
the necessity, not only for himself, lying at
death's door, but for his family that he will
leave behind him, compels him to disregard
all considerations of self-respect and to ask
of the Government that to which he is richly
entitled—-fh^ balance of compensation duehitn
