744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
placed upon the retired list. Apart from the
question of pay, there is something offensive
in it to a man's professional pride.
The case of Mr. Stevens has been investi-
gated thoroughly. I myself investigated it at
the last session and was directed by the com-
mittee to report a bill similar to that now
before the House. I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of this bill. I call
for the previous question.
Mr. ARCHER. I did not yield the floor to
the gentleman to call the previous question.
J will say that when I moved the reference of
this bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs I
was not aware that it was one of the cases
acted upon by our committee at the last ses-
sion. In view of that fact, I withdraw my
motion and shall not object to the passage of
the bill. I wish, however, to say that this is
the last case in which I shall consent to placing
any additional officer upon the active list of
the Navy. At the last session we restored
man after man to that list, although the Navy
is fully supplied with officers and we do not
need the services of any more. Under the
peculiar circumstances of this case, however,
I withdraw any objection to the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HALE. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs I shall join the gentleman
in that expression. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded a division on the
passage of the bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
75, noes 13; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not ask for any further
division.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF DUPLICATE CHECKS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 137, to authorize the pay-
ment of duplicate checks of disbursing officers;
which was taken up and read a first and second
time. •
The bill, which was read, provides that in
place of original checks issued for pensions,
when lost, stolen, or destroyed, disbursing
officers and agents of the United States are
hersby authorized, after the expiration of six
months from the date of such checks, to issue
duplicate checks, and the Treasurer, assistant
treasurers, and designated depositaries of the
United States are directed to pay such checks,
drawn in pursuance of law by sueh officers or
agents, upon notice and proof of the loss of
the original check or checks, under such regu-
lations in regard to their issue and payment,
and upon the execution of such bonds, with
sureties, to indemnify the United States, as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe;
provided that the act shall not apply to any
check exceeding in amount the sum of $500.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to put that bill on its passage ; and I wish to
state, before calling the previous question, that
it is a bill which was reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means and unanimously passed
by the House at the last session. It is simply
to extend authority to issue, duplicate checks.
It limits the amount. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
tune, and passed.
Mr HOOPER, of Massachusetts; moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
P0T0JIAC, VIRGINIA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 89, to create a port of
delivery at Potomac, Virginia, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that all the waters, shores, bays, har-
bors, crocks, and inlets on the south side of
the river Potomac, comprehended between
Boyd's Hole and Cockpit Point, now a part
of the collection district of Tappahannoek,
Virginia, be and the same are annexed to the
collection district of Alexandria, Virginia.
The second section provides that Potomac, in
the State of Virginia, shall be, and is hereby,
constituted and created a port of delivery
within the collection district of Alexandria,
and there shall be appointed, at a compensa-
tion not exceeding the rate of $1,000 per an-
num, a deputy collector of customs, to reside
at said port, who shall perform such duties as
may be conferred upon him, in pursuance of
law, by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
third section provides that all acts and parts
of acts establishing at Dumfries, in the collec-
tion district of Tappahannoek, Virginia, a port
of delivery, be and the same are repealed.
Mr.HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that bill be put on its passage. When it came
up the other day I had a portion of the letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury read. The
bill was prepared in the Treasury Department,
and I now ask the Clerk to read the whole
letter. I think no one will object to its pas-
Mr. RANDALL. I think some one will.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
is no pig iron in it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. 0., January 18, 1871.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 10th instant, inclosing, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Commerce, Senate bill
iNo. 1200, creating a port of delivery at Potomac, in
the State of Virginia, on which you ask for an
expression of my views as to the necessity and pro-
priety of the proposed measure.
It has been represented to the Department that a
number of important railroads now in the process
of construction terminate at the town of Potomac
and that to complete those roads a large quantity of
railroad iron will in the course of the year be im-
ported into the United States which it is desired to
land at that plade. For these and other reasons it
is submitted that Potomac should be made a port
of delivery. X can see no objection to the measure
becoming a law.
I would, however, recommend that the bill be so
amended as to annex the waters and shores about
rotomae, (now a part of the district of Tappahan-
nock) to tho district of Alexandria, and also to
create the office of deputy collector of customs at
a nxed salary, in lieu of that of a surveyor of cus-
toms, a*s well as to abolish the port of delivery at the
town of Dumfries,where there is not sufficient water
tor boats to touch, and which is no longer of any use
as a customs port, no officer having been stationed
thereat for a number of years.
I will inclose for your consideration an amended
bill which meets with the views of this Department,
and under which all tho receipts of the port would
be required to be deposited to tho credit of the
lreasurer of the United States.
It will also enable the Department to confer upon
an oiheer all the necessary authority to transact
customs business at that place,
Hon. Z. Ch indles. Chairman Committee of Commerce,
United States Senate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It will bo
seen that this bill abolishes a useless district,
and establishes a port of delivery some ten
miles below Alexandria, where it is proposed
to center the several new lines of railroad now
proposed to he built in Virginia. I think no
one will object, and I demand tho previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope not, till I have been
heard.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, How many
minutes do you want?
Mr, RANDALL, I do not think I want more
than two minutes; but I do not want to be
restricted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like, of course,
that all these railroads should use American
iron in their rails; but I am quite aware we
cannot have that. I know that these corpora-
tions have no souls. I know that they go and
buy iron where they can buy it cheapest, and
I do not blame them for that. That is the duty
of their trust. But 1 also hold that Congress
should not be moving custom-houses about the
country for the benefit of these corporation-;.
Now, sir, the custom house at Dumfries port
of entry has for a long time been without busi-
ness ; and here is a proposition to creatc a
port of entry 
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir ;
only a port of delivery attached to the district
of Alexandria.
Mr. RANDALL. And to have a custom-
house officer there for tho benefit of this cor-
poration, simply that they may land their iron
there.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is just
as likely to be American iron as English iron.
Mr. RANDALL. If it was American iron
I should not object. Now, I do not want to
see that done. Let this company just take
the same chance and have the same advan-
tages, and no more, as individuals. This mode
of legislation is extraordinary, and I do not
believe any party other than a powerful cor-
poration could secure such legislation.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. As there
does not seem to be any further objection to
the bill, I ask for a vote on its passage.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
25, noes 41: no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted
on the question of passing the bill, the Chair
will order tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood that the
question was on seconding the demand for tho
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, supposing that the discussion had
closed, did not move the previous question.
There seemed to be no disposition to continue
the discussion.
Mr. RANDALL. The difference is that I
would have had an opportunity to make a
motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
Commerce.
The SPEAKER. That motion would still
be in order if the House does not vote to pass
the bill. The Chair appoints as tellers Mr.
Hooper, of Massachusetts, and Mr. Randall.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this vote on the pas-
sage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It is. No quorum having
voted, the Chair has ordered tellers. Should
the House refuse to pass the bill, the Chair will
then put the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Air. Randall] to refer it to the
Committee on Commerce.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 07, noes 55.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vole by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC KAILltOAD COMPANT.
The nextbusiness on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No, 242) to enable the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company to mortgage its
road ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BURDETT. I move that the bill be
put upon its passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House take
a recess for one hour. I understand that there
will be no reports from the committees of con-
ference utitil then!
