1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S9
Post Roads, Indian Affairs, Judiciary, Mili-
tary Affairs, and Naval Affairs, what else could
you say of it than that the Senate was organ-
ized in opposition to the Administration ? And
it would be so; and that is the question which
is presented now to the Senate. Much as we
all admire the learning and the ability and the
patriotism of the Senator from Massachusetts,
much as we would all have been gratified to
see him stand at the head of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, when the question is
presented whether the head of that committee
shall be one with whom the Secretary of State
cannot communicate in person, or the Presi-
dent cannot communicate in person, then it is
an entirely different question.
I am free to say here, and I say it for the
country, without any disrespect to my col-
league, that did the question simply stand
between the Senator from Massachusetts and
my colleague as individuals my vote should
be given to put the Senator from Massachu-
setts at the head of the Committee on Foreign
Eelations; but, when the question comes as to
whether the head of that committee shall be
one to whom the Secretary of State will not go
personally, or who will not himself go person-
ally to the Secretary of State, then J. cannot
hesitate. I could not give my vote to so consti-
tute the leading committees of this body as that
all communication between the chairmen of
those committees and the heads of Depart-
ments would have to be with the formality
of diplomatic intercourse between a minister
and the Court he represents. That is not in
harmony or in consonance with the spirit and
the genius of our republican institutions. In-
stead of every chairman of a committee being
required to write a note to the head of a
Department, or the head of a Department to
write a note to the head of aaiommittee, they
ought to confer freely with each other and com-
municate their sentiments with each other upon
the questions which affect their several Depart-
ments.
Now, sir, I have said more than I intended,
because I deemed it my duty to rise in answer
to the allegations that were made by the Sen-
ator from Missouri. I trust that this question
will not be pushed to the extent which the Sen-
ator from Missouri intimates that it will be. I
trust that the Senate can exercise its inde-
pendence in so constituting its committees as
in its judgment will best subserve the ends of
legislation.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I am sorry
that I shall have to trouble the Senate again
about this business; but the Senator irom
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] has made some re-
marks which I think provoke reply. He speaks
of improper influences brought to bear by the
President of the United States upon members
of the Senate. I have already stated that I
spoke only of rumors. Those rumors I did
not start, but they exist and they have assumed
significant form and shape. I did not say that
the President had used corrupt means or any-
thing of the kind. I do not desire to say so ;
in fact, I do not believe it. But I think it is
rather credible, from what we see and hear,
that the President used his personal exertions
in the way of entreaty and pressure with mem-
bers of the Senate to induce the change here
proposed; for we read it even in the news-
papers as coming from responsible Senators
that the change was made emphatically because
the President desired it. It is not too much to
express the opinion that at his instance it was
done, and I should like to hear the President
himself deny that he used such influence.
Now, as to the personal relations onee more.
I have already stated what was the ground
upon which the Senator from Massachusetts
thought himself justified in not entertaining
the most amicable relations with a gentleman
who had been his old friend—relations long
cherished. The Senator from Pennsylvania
proceeds entirely upon the theory that when-
ever a personal disagreement springs up be-
tween a chairman of a committee and the head
of the corresponding Department of the ex-
ecutive branch of the Government the chair-
man of the committee must necessarily give
way. 1 repeat a question I put before. May
not a member of the executive department of
the Government provoke such a difficulty? May
not the chairman of the committee be urged
into such a disagreement and unpleasant per-
sonal relations ; and are we then continually
to stand ready to bend our knees and degrade
and disgrace one of our own? That is what I
was referring to when I spoke of the dignity
of the Senate, and so far I have heard no argu-
ment yet that would in the least affect my
assertion that if we accept that theory the
committees of the Senate of the United States
will be entirely at the mercy of the whims of
the President or any member of the executive
department. Is that so, or is it not?
Have I notshown also that in an official doc-
ument which.emanated from the State Depart-
ment the Senator from Massachusetts was
most grossly insulted, that documentspeakiug
of the scorn and contempt with which he ought
to be treated by the President of the United
States? Why, sir, have we been elevated to
these highest legislative positions that, standing
before a President who happens to belong to
our party, we are to give up all the instincts
of our manhood and crawl before him at his
pleasure ? I am not of that opinion; I would
not do it; and I think the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was perfectly justified inacting upon
the instincts of a man and a gentleman. I
would have done the same thing, and we would
pay little respect to a Senator who would not.
And for such reasons we shall put him out of
his office ! Is that justice? Is that dignity ?
Is that a fair recognition of the independence
of our own office?
Mention has been made again of the San
Domingo question. I think it is but proper
for me to say that those personal relations are
not all that brought about this change; they
were, perhaps, not even the main thing. Not
long ago we had a discussion on this floor, in
which the Senator from Massachusetts took
a prominent part. It disclosed the fact that at
the commencement of the last session of Con-
gress an attempt was made to oust another
member of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions for the very purpose of forming in that
committee a majority in favor of the annexa-
tion of San Domingo. I would not speak of
this matter, had it remained in the secrecy of
the caucus; but, inasmuch it has been the
subject of public discussion here, I think it is
perfectly proper that I should refer to it.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Patterson] was then to be ejected. Was he
also to be ousted because his relations to the
President of the United States were such that
those two gentlemen could not speak together?
Was he to be thrown out of that committee
because he cannot dine with the Secretary of
State? It was asserted here—and, if my mem-
ory serves me rightly, the assertion went abso-
lutely without contradiction—that he was to
be ousted on the very ground that a majority
was to be formed in that committee in har-
mony with a certain scheme of the executive
department of the Government, namely, the
annexation of San Domingo. Now, the move-
ment is attempted again. Am I not perfectly
justified in drawing the conclusion that these
personal relations, which I might again stig-
matize as a flimsy pretext, are merely seized
hold of to bring about that same result with
regard to the annexation question?
1 think, sir, that argument upon this ques-
tion is well nigh exhausted. Attention has
been called to the effect which this business
will produce in the country. Already we have
telegraphic dispatches from different cities of
the Union upon our tables stating that the
Republican press of the country. with great
unanimity, is uttering its unqualified indigna-
tion at this proceeding. Is this at all wonder-
ful? Certainly, I am no flatterer of men ia
their faces, and my personal friendship for tKe
Senator from Massachusetts would not induce
me to flatter him j but it is rather a signifi-
cant spectacle to see him sitting iu that seat
in which he was once struck down by a south-
ern ruffian, shedding his blood for the liberty
of all men, and now about to be struck dowu
by those who call themselves his friends, by
men of his own party. [Applause iu the
galleries 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Psmb-
uoy in the chair.) Order must be observed
in the galleries. No expression of approval
or disapproval will be tolerated by the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Chair, in
reminding the galleries that applause is not iu
accordance with our rules or our usages, has
simply discharged his duty as the Presiding
Officer of the Senate. Nevertheless, as an indi-
vidual, I must regret that it should be so that
listeners should not, when they hear, a beautiful
thing, have the privilege of expressing their
admiration in any way most agreeable to them-
selves.
Mr. President, I shall not attempt to utter
any beautiful things. I would be glad, if I-
were able, to call the attention of the Senate
to the simple question pending here ; and if I
were able I would be extremely glad to help
the Senate see their duty as I see mine; for I
think I see my duty clearly to-day. I see it
to-day, and therefore I have no occasion for
postponing action upon the resolution on your
table until to-morrow. The pending motion is,
I believe, to postpone the further considera-
tion of the resolution to choose the standing
committees of the Senate. Why postpone it?
It is a very unusual procedure. What reason
is given for it? Have wo any doubts, any one
of us, as to who are and who are not proper
and suitable men to fill the several positions
on the several committees of the Senate? No
one intimates that. Shall we know any more
about each other to-morrow than we know
to-day ? No one suggests that. Why should
we postpone the consideration of this subject?
The only two reasons I have heard assigned
are, first, that harmony may come in the mean
time, aud second, that the people may come.
Why is not harmony here? Who has dis-
turbed it? Not 1, I am sure. Not those who
act with me, I am sure. I can speak for every
one of them ; not a word has been said iu my
hearing by any one of them which ought to
have disturbed the equanimity or good feeling
of any man on this floor. Not an act has been
done, in my judgment, which ought to disturb
the equanimity of any one here. Why have
we not harmony? Let those who were the
instruments of disturbing it answer for them-
selves. But if harmony has departed from ua,
will to-morrow bring it back? Give me that
assurance, some one who can speak for to-mor-
row. If harmony is coming with the wings
of to-morrow, whence is it coming?
But the people may come." The Senator
frorji Massachusetts tells us that if we post-
pone the consideration of this subject we shall
hear from the people, and the Senator from
Missouri tells us that the people are even now
speaking in indignant tones against this pur-
posed act. What is the evidence of it? Has
any Senator about me received a dispatch from
any quarter of this Republic? I have not. I
am told dispatches are received. Did the
people send them? Who convened them ? To
whom do they speak ? To the Senate? Have
you, sir, received any? It is easy to get dis-
patches. It is easy to have them whenever you
ask for them. I have asked for none._ lean
get them, get them from quarters which will
not denounce the right of the Senate to make
up its committees as it seems to it good and
proper to make them. I know of a quarter
of the Republic in which that right is still
concedcd to the Senate of the United States.
But, Mr. President, my own views upon this
single question, as to what individuals should
