746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Williams, then a Senator from Oregon, it waa
amended by the Senate. That amendment
was concurred in by this House; and thus the
bill was finally passed by both Houses. It,
however, as the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Bwrdett] has stated, failed to receive the sig-
nature of the President.
But I am bound to say that while I have this
general knowledge in regard to the case, I did
not as a member of the Committee on Private
Land Claims give my personal attention to
the matter; I had no occasion to do so. I
hold in my hand a letter upon this subject from
Mr. Chaves, and, as it is not long, 1 ask that
a part of it may be read. After hearing it the
House will be as well informed on the subject
as it probably ever can be.
The Clerk read as follows:
" A large number of citizens in the county of Taos,
in the Territory of New Mexico, own a tract of land
entitled 'El Kancho del Kio Grande,' which was
granted to them in 1705 by the Government of Spain.
The owners and their descendants have complied
with all the requirements of the laws of Spain, Mex-
ico, and the United States, respectively, and have
occupied and held continuous possession of theland
since the year 1793. The land was granted to them
in common, and they now number about three thou-
sand souls.
"As their Delegate in the Forty-First Congress I
presented their title to Congress for confirmation
under the provisions of the eighth and ninth articles
of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and the eighth
section of the act of July 22,1851. The petition and
title papers were regularly referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Laud Claims in the House of Rep-
resentatives, frofti which committee the matter
received a thorough, searching, and careful invest-
igation, and Hon. J. Proctor Knott, of Kentucky,
was directed_to report the accompanying House
resolution, (No. 18fil.)
"The President failed to sign the bill after it passed
both Houses, but I can imagine of no reason, except
the great press of other measures of great national
importance which occupied his attention just about
that time.
"I earnestly request you, as a member of the last
Committee on Private Land Claims, to ask unani-
mous consent of the House to pass this bill. I know
the grant of land personally, and I know nearly
every individual that lives upon it. It is not a large
granr, and more than one half of it is situated in a
rough, rugged mountain. Besides, this grant was
made in 1795, long before the colonization laws of
Mexico were even dreamed of."
Mr. POTTER. No person other than Mr.
Chaves ever appeared before the Committee on
Private Land Claims in relation to this case
either for or against the claim. The case was
carefully considered by the chairman of the
committee. As I was serving upon other
committees of the House it was impossible for
me to give much attention to the business of
the Committee on Private Land Claims. I
therefore cannot speak of this case from my
own knowledge.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot understand how
a grant made by Spain in 1795—seventy five
years ago—-can now require confirmation at j
the hands of this Government. I do not see !
why a title which existed lor a number of years
under the Spanish Government, and subse-
quently under the Government of Mexico,
should now require confirmation from the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Mr. POTTER. Such cases are very com-
mon. In former years general claims were
issued without any definite boundaries ; such
claims floated along for years under the Span-
ish Government, and agreat many of them have
required confirmation since our Government
came into possession of tiiat territory. Ilenoe
there is no objection to the case on the ground
the gentleman now states.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to in quire of the
gentleman whether he is able to state to the
House that this is a legal eiaim upon the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. POTTER. I did not give to this case
any personal attention beyond the fact of being
present on one occasion when it was discussed
by the committee. 1 have no personal knowl-
edge, as I have said, in regard to the case. Nor
am I sufficiently familiar with Mexican and
Spanish law to declare that on the facts of the
case this title should bo contiimed. My confi-
dence in the then chairman of the committee
induces me tQ believe that it is a matter of jus-
tice under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
that the Government should confirm this title.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to ask the
gentleman another question. The gentleman
is aware of course that after we acquired that
territory from Mexico our Government created
a land commission to inquire into all these
titles. The act creating that commission pro-
vided that any claim not presented to the com-
mission for confirmation or rejection should be
barred. Does the gentleman know whether
this claim was ever presented to that commis-
sion?
Mr. POTTER. I do not. I have an im-
pression, from what I understood in commit-
tee, that the action to which the gentleman
alludes did not affect the land in this partic-
ular part of New Mexico; this case can only
properly be disposed of by the action of Con-
gress. But I do not pretend to have any
knowledge of the law in that regard.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can the gentleman state
how many acres are comprised in this grant?
Mr. POTTER. I think the number is men-
tioned in the paper which has been read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Twenty thousand acres?
Mr. POTTER. About twenty thousand
acres.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that, inas-
much as my friend from New York is notable
to furnish us definite information in regard to
this case, it will be safer for us to refer the
bill to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The delay cannot do any considerable injustice
to private parties after these seventy-five years
of delay, and it may probably prevent injustice
to the Government.
Mr. BURDETT. The bill now on the
Speaker's table provides that nothing in it
shall be so construed as to affect the rights of
bona fide settlers.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it may affect the title
of the Government of the United States to
the land; and, inasmuch as we do not know
even the number of acres covered by the grant,
and as the gentleman from New York has not
been able to give us any definite information
about the case, I trust that the bill will be re-
ferred. I call for the previous question on the
motion to refer.
Mr. POTTER. It is, of course, always safer
in one sense never to do anything ; but it is no
principle upon which legislation should be con-
ducted. I make no objection to the bill being
referred, but the committee was exceedingly
careful; and if it goes to any other committee,
I doubt whether it will receive a more careful
consideration than it did during the last Con-
gress.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
ANNA M. HOWARD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 255, for the relief of Anna M.
Howard ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay Anna M. Howard,
mother of George W. Howard, late private
company E, eleventh regiment New Jersey
volunteers, arrears of pension at eight dollars
a month from the 22d of April, 1863, the date
other son's discharge, to the 12th of February,
18GI, the date of his death.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HALSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIOUGHTON AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 232, to enable the Houghton
and Ontonagon Railroad Company to make a
resurvey of its road; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Houghton and Ontonagon Railroad Company,
a corporation organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Michigan, and upon
which the said State, in pursuance of a joint,
resolution of Congress approved May 20,18GS,
has conferred the grants of land made to aid
in the construction of a road from Marquette
to Ontonagon, be authorized to make a resur-
vey and new location of that part of the line
between Marquette and Ontonagon to be con-
structed by said company; provided that the
said company shall be entitled to select and
receive only its complement of lands for each
mile of road constructed and completed, in
the manner required by law, from the alter-
nate odd-numbered sections of lands belong-
ing to the United States and within the limits
heretofore assigned to said line of road; pro-
vided further, that on the completion of said
survey a map of the new line shall be filed
with the Commissioner of the General Laud
Office.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The bill simply
authorizes this railroad company to resurvey
its line. It grows out of-the fact that when
the line was first surveyed in that wild country
it was not done with sufficient care. The com-
pany now finds that it will have to resurvey it.
It grants the right to nothing but that. The
rights it already has are intact. It grants noth-
ing to the company except to locate its road
better than before, in which, of course, every
one must be interested.
Mr. RANDALL. Does it provide there
shall be no increase of lands granted?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It makes no
increase in the grants of land. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill' was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. Hi
COLLECTOR OP WILLAMETTE DISTRICT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 110, concerning the com-
pensation of the collector of customs for the
district of Willamette, in the State of Oregon ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that sec-
tion one of the act approved June II, 1870,
entitled "An act to establish the collection
district of Willamette, in the State of Oregon,"
shall be, and is hereby, amended as follows :
Strike out all of said section after the words " to
reside at Portland " and insert in lieu thereof:
And said collector shall be allowed a salary at tho
rate of SI, 00:j per annum, with the fees allowed by
law, and a commission on all customs money col-
lected and accounted tor by him, such salary, fees,
and commissions not to exceed at the rate of S3,000
per annum.
Mr. SLATER. I move that bill be put on
its passage, as it is perfectly just and proper.
Mr. SAWYER. That bill was before the
Committee of Commerce, and if that commit-
tee had beeu called it would have been favor-
ably reported.
Mr. SLATER, demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARCOTA, HUMBOLDT COUXIY, CALIFORNIA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 291, for the relief of the
