M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
fill a particular place on a committee, were
formed without any particular consultation
with the people of the United States. I thought
I knew the facts which bore upon that question
quite as well, and although no man living has
more deference to the sober, settled judgment
of this great people than myself,^et I stand
here only an individual like each one of them
to say that I thought I knew those facts better
than the great body of the people of the Uni-
ted States. They could not know them so well
as [Hid, for they had not the opportunity of
learning them that I .bad. So 1 made up my
opinions without any reference to their views,
and making them up, does my honored friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] think to
drive me from the expression of my convic-
tions by summoning the people of the United
States here to instruct me V Has any man ever
known me to yield my convictions to mere
clamor? Does any man who knows me ever
expect to see me do that? I believe that the
public service is best subserved in the way
proposed in the resolution on your table. So
believing, I act upon that belief, and I would
act upon it although you summoned the forty
'millions who make up the Republic of the
United States to the doors of the Capitol to
tell me to the contrary. If they showed me
I was mistaken I should surrender my belief
as readily as I would act upon my belief until
I was persuaded that it was erroneous.
So far as' my individual action is concerned,
therefore, you need not postpone the consid-
eration of this resolution in order to hear from
the people. I will listen to them when this
thing is past and gone, and I know of a people
who will listen to me when this thing is past
and gone; and we will take counsel together
on the propriety of this measure.
Mr. President, I speak here to the world, as
it were. I have spoken in our own family, in
the midst of our own circle. I call all those
who heard me to witness that in those con-
sultations I did not utter a word to which any
human being had any right to take exception.
I am profoundly sorry to have a debate here in
the Senate on such a question as this at all, and
I am also sorry to have the debate assume a
somewhat loftier or louder tone here than it did
elsewhere. Expressions have been made use
of here which I do not think become the utterer,
nor do I think them quite respectful to the
hearer. When my friend, the Senator from
Missouri, stands here, not the oldest of those
upon this floor nor the most experienced, pos-
sibly not the most sagacious, to denounce this
resolution on your table as not only a "wrong"
but a "blunder," I ask him in all respect if
he does not assume a judgment seat to which
he has not been commissioned? His opinions
upon it he is free to affirm. He is free to
Speak for himself. He may possibly err as
we may; but although he fly in (he face of a
majority of his fellows upon the floor, I do not
think it would become us to tell him that he
was perpetrating a wrong or a blunder; and I
liope my friend will not repeat that declaration
in regard to the action of his associates on the
floor.
Mr. President, it has struck me that from
the beginning ot this talk there has been a lit-
tle more rhetoric than argument employed.
Not merely the closing sentences of the Senator
from Missouri were beautiful to listen to, but
otherremarkshave been thrown out which were
specious, were taking. As rhetorical flights, I
myself could admire, even applaud them, if
this ; lais would authorize me to do so ; but
after all ihsre is a vast difference between a
figure of spee.h arid a reason. It has been
inquired, lorinstance, inquired almost in terms
of taunt, if we must ask the President whom
we ohould put at the head of a committee. Mo,
sir; you do not ask the President, unless you
think he knows better than you do. If you do
think so, I would not be deterred from asking
him. Because he is President that does not
hurt him any.
No, sir; do not ask a President of the Uni-
ted States whom you shall put at the head of
a committee unless you want to know, as I am
afraid some of us do want to know. Do not
ask any individual; do not ask even the indi-
vidual whose rights are in dispute. Act upon
your own judgment; act upon your own con-
victions ; do not crawl, to use the somewhat
strong and figurative language of the Senator
from Missouri, beiore anybody. Do not crawl
at all; stand up; go afoot. I do not say stand
up merely like men. That we all do. I sup-
pose. I want to call you to a duty higher than
that. Stand up like Senators. I would be
glad if you would all stand up in the stature
of Republicans, submitting to the will of no man,
submitting to the will only of the Republican
party of the United States, as worse influences
than any that surround us to-day have been
made t.o submit in times past to the Republican
party, to which, I believe, we shall continue
to subordinate our action in times to come.
Do not crawl at all. Do not, however, gather
around the Republican altars and mingle in its
communion, and then come from its temples
to tear those altars down with a world looking
on and a God frowning above you. That does
not become us as Republicans.
Mr. President, what is the question pending
here? In the name of all that is wonderful in
human action, I ask what is it? The question
of the degradation of a Senator? No, sir;
nothing of the kind is proposed. The question
of the removal of a Senator from his office, to
use the language just now employed by the
Senator from Missouri? Not at all. There
is no Senator here who holds any other office
than that of Senator of the United Slates.
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not say that.
Mr. HOWE. I thought I heard the Senator
from Missouri very distinctly speak of the head
of the Committee on Foreign Relations as the
office of the Senator from Massachusetts. Mr.
President, I repeat, none of us hold but one
office ; it is that of Senator from some one or
other of the States that make up this Republic.
That is all.
Whether any one of us shall be at the head
of one committee or another ought not to rest
in the pleasure of that individual, by our rules
does not rest in the pleasure of that individual;
it rests in the pleasure of the Senate, and be-
longs to no other authority in the world than
that to determine. The post of chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations has been
held by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Sumneb] for a great many long
and dreary years; but it was committed to
him first by his Republican associates on this
floor; it was committed to him secondly by
his Republican associates on this floor, and
every two years since it was first conferred
upon him it has been reconferred by his Re
publican associates on this floor. And why?
because they judged, I suppose, that all things
being considered, he was the fittest man to hold
the place. If his Republican associates on this
floor think now that he is the fittest man, all
things considered, to continue in that place,
they will again confer it upon him. Should we
spend the time of the Senate in arguing that
question? Do we not individually know, will
argument persuade any one of us, give any one
of us any more light upon that question than
we already have?
It is said by my friend from Massachusetts
who sits next to me, [Mr. Wilson,] it is re-
peated by the Senator Irom Missouri who sits
next to him, [.Mr. Scuurz,] in very eloquent
terms, that I cannot attempt to recall, that the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. SdmxerJ
has filled this place a great many years, and
has filled it with remarkable distinction. Let
that be recorded. Mr. President, will debate
open the eyes of any one of us to the merits
ot the past administration of our Committee
on Foreign Relations? Do we not under
stand all that can be said? Eloquent as my
Iriends are, powerful as they are in descrip-
tion, they cannot employ any terms which will
give me a livelier idea of the manner in which
the Senator from Massachusetts has discharged
his duties than I have while I stand here now.
He is not arraigned for any misconduct in his
management of the affairs of that committee
in the years that have passed.
But, sir, I have to repeat what I said in the
outset of this debate, that the personal, not
the official relations existing between the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and the President
and the Secretary of State, who has charge
of our foreign relations under the President,
are of such a character as do not permit them
to associate on friendly terms with each other.
I must be allowed to be more specific. Those
personal relations are of such a character, as
I understand, that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has not only felt authorized to refuse
to answer a question addressed to him by the
Secretary of State, but has told of it after he
left the presence of the Secretary.
I understand the Senator to shake his head.
If he means to interpose a denial I should
rather have it more explicit. That informa-
tion came to us so directly, upon information
which it seemed impossible should be mistaken
and impossible to believe that it was false, that
it made its impression, it convinced my mind,
and 1 speak ouly for myself in this debate. I
therefore thought that that of itself was a rea-
son why the Senator from Massachusetts could
serve the country with more success in some
other place, and that another man, although
not surpassing, or, if you please, not equal to
him in the peculiar information which is called
for in the management of our foreign relations,
could serve the country better at the head of
that committee.
But the Senator from Missouri says that
these personal relations are of no sort of con-
sequence, that it is not of the slightest conse-
quence whether the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations will dine with the Secre-
tary of State or the Secretary of State dine
with the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. That is of but very little conse-
quence to the public, to be sure; but it is of
consequence to the public. I think it is im-
portant to a fair and full discharge of the duties
of that position, that the Secretary of State
should be able to get a civil answer to a civil
question when addressed to the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will my friend permit me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from Wis-
consin assert that the Secretary of State ever
addressed to the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts behind me, a question on anything
connected with the public business, to which
the Senator from Massachusetts refused to give
him answer?
Mr. HO WIS. I assert that, upon the inform-
ation both of a Secretary and a Senator, 1 so
believe.
Mr. SHERMAN. . He makes the point that
it was public business.
Mr. HOWE. I must beg the indulgence of
my honorable friend from Missouri. I am will-
ing to go upon the stand and to testify if it is
necessary to put me there, and to answer truth-
fully ; but I fear I am not smart enough to stand
a cross examination by him. I really did over-
look the point of that question. I answer
again ; it is always allowable to a witness to
correct his statement when upon the stand
and before he leaves it; 1 have not left it yet.
No, Mr. President, I did not understand that
he had ever addressed a question to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts upon official business
which the Senator refused to answer. I did not
understand what the question wns. 1 under-
stand that the Secretary of State addressed
in public, before official characters, a question
to the Senator from Massachusetts which he
refused to answer.
