1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
Mr.SUMNER. Whatwasit,pray? Ishould
like to know. I hear it for the first time. It
must have been in a whisper.
Mr. HOWE. I still must repeat that I can-
not state what the question was.
Mr. SUMNER. I thmk not. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. That is amusing. I will tell
you why I cannot tell what the question was.
I do not know. 1 never heard it stated. I did
not stop to inquire. I say that I have heard,
from the lips of a Secretary and the lips of a
Senator, that the Secretary of State addressed
a question to the Senator from Massachusetts,
in a public place before official characters,
which the Senator refused to answer.
Mr. SUMNER. It must have been in the
slightest possible whisper.
Mr. HOWE. And I am told the Senator
from Massachusetts himself told of it after he
left the place.
Mr. SUMNER shook his head.
Mr. HOWE. I think I have made myself
explicit; the Senator from Massachusetts knows
just as much about it as I do, and I dare say
a little more.
Mr. SUMNER. I know nothing. [Laughter
in the galleries.]
Mr. HOWE. And he can take the stand
whenever he pleases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Order must
be observed in the galleries. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will clear the galleries whenever another
demonstration is made.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts did not speak just now with his usual
accuracy. He says he knows nothing. Heis
mistaken on that point. He does know some
things. What he knows about that he will tell
when he gets ready to tell. I shall leave that
matter there. I simply repeat to the Senate
the information that came to me; I repeat to
the Senate what effect it made upon my mind ;
and I leave it for others to judge whether my
information is correct or not, or whether it
ought to have produced the effect upon my
action which it has produced.
Mr. President, up to this moment I have not
heard any question raised as to the character
of the personal relations existing between the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Secretary
of State. I understand the Senator from Mis-
souri to admit thetn to be just what they were
stated to be, but he asked triumphantly, what
of it? He reminds us that the best of personal
relations did not exist between the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations and
the last President we had. That is true. I do
not know what effect that simple fact would
have had upon the judgment of the Senate as
to the propriety of his continuing at the head
of that committee if it had happened that the
President of the United States was of the same
political household, the same political faith
that the Senator from Massachusetts was. But
it is known that such was not the case. We
could not afford to dismiss a chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, in whose
general policy and in whose general views we
entirely accorded, to please the wliim of a
President in whose views we did not accord
at all.
But there was another reason why the public
business should not suffer then, which does
not exist now and cannot be urged now. Then,
although the relations between the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations and
the President were perhaps no more intimate
than those between the same officials now, yet
then the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, as I understand, and as I sup-
pose the public understands, was in entire
accord with, or at least on the best of personal
relations with the Secretary of State. Ordin-
arily, you know, in practical affairs the Sec
retary of State is the medium of communica-
tion in reference to those subjects which belong
to the conduct of our foreign affairs, and he
communicates with the head of the Committee
on Foreign Relations. So that, under those
circumstances, it is manifest that the business
of the country could go along with less detri-
ment than it can when the relations between
the head of that committee and the President
and the Secretary of State both are completely
dissolved.
Mr. President, I am afraid I am occupying
more time upon this subject than I ought.
Once more I want to say that it is not the ques-
tion of degrading a Senator ; it is not the ques-
tion of removing a Senator from office. But I
want to call attention to the justification which
the Senator from Missouri has urged here in
behalf of the Senator from Massachusetts for
this unhappy state of personal relations exist-
ing between them. Will the Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkling] hand me the pamphlet
before him? I amobliged to the Senator from
New York, not merely for handing me this
pamphlet, but for the manner in which he
handed it to me; and I cannot help feeling a
little gratitude to him in that behalf, because
that manner contrasted so signally with the
manner in which the Senator from Missouri
performed the same kindness to me a short
time since, in the eye of the Senate and in the
eye of these thronged galleries.
Mr. SCHURZ. Allow me a word. If the
Senator from Wisconsin finds anything dis-
courteous to him in the manner in which I
handed him that pamphlet, I certainly ask his
pardon. He must be aware that I was in the
midst of a sentence, speaking, when he asked
me for it; and in the heat of debate I may
have been somewhat abrupt. I think I need
not tell him that for all time there have been
the kindest feelings prevailing between us, and
certainly they ought not to be disturbed by
the handing of a pamphlet, just as the rela
tions between the Secretary of State and the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions were disturbed by thelatter's refusing to
answer a question about nothing.
Mr. HO WE. Now, Mr. President, you seehow
two gentlemen can get along. The Senator from
Missouri has, with his usual frankness, made
precisely such an explanation as I should have
expected from him, his feeling being what he
avows it to be and what it has always been,
and I accept it as he makes it. I did think
(and the thought was not confined to me alone,
but was manifest in the manner of others)
that there was something rather cavalier in the
way the pamphlet was passed to me before,
and so 1 called attention to it. The Senator
says he meant nothing discourteous, and what
he says I rely upon. Where he means no dis-
courtesy I shall certainly receive none, now
or hereafter.
Mr. President, I have the pamphlet. The
Senator from Missouri argues that a sufficient
cause for these unhappy relations are found in
a paragraph of this pamphlet. I shall read no
more than what the Senator read, and then I
shall have two remarks to make, and but two.
The paragraph read was this:
" Mr. Motley must know
I am reading the language of Secretary
Fish—
" Mr. Motley must know, or if he does aot know
it he sUuds atone in his ignorance of the met, that
many Senators opposed the San Domingo treaty
openly, geuerously, and with as much efficiency as
did the distinguished Senator to whom he refers,
and have nevertheless continued to enjoy theuindi-
minished confidence and the friendship of thePresi-
dent. than wtioni no man living is more tolerant of
honest and manly differences of opinion, is more
single or sincere in his desire for the public welfare,
is more disinterested or regardless ot_ what concerns
himself, is more frank And confiding in his own deal-
ings, is more sensitive to a betrayal of confidence, or
would look with more scorn and contempt upon one
who uses the words and the assurances of friendship
to cover a secret and determined purpose of hos-
tility."
I have reread the words read by the Senator
from Missouri. The Senator from Missouri
turns and says those words refer to the Senator
from Massachusetts. I heard it then for the
first time. 1 had read those words before ; I
had heard them read in other places ; and it
never occurred to me before that these words,
any of them, described the Senator from Mas1-
saehusetts. I hope my friend from Missouri
is mistaken on that point. I cannot raise any
issue with him upon it, because I am not spe-
cially informed about it. I can onlv say that
it did not occur to me that the words referred
to the Senator from Massachusetts. But if
they did refer to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I think there is abundant reason for say-
ing that they are not the cause of these unhappy
relations, because I understand that these un-
happy relations did not arise until some time
after those words saw the light.
Mr. President, I now proceed to one other
and I believe the last remark that I shall have
occasion to notice, and that is the attempt,
coming from more than one Senator who has
preceded me, to show that after all this pro-
posal to put a Senator from Pennsylvania at
the head of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions instead of the Senator from Massachu-
setts arises not from the unhappy relation ex-
isting between the individuals referred to, but
arises from a feeling of resentment cherished
toward the Senator from Massachusetts be-
cause of his hostility to a political measure. It
is true no man asserts that, but they are indus-
trious in the statement that it will be believed
that that is the reason. Believed by whom?
Believed where? Believed why? Everyman
who is authorized to speak and competent
to speak on this point tells you it is not the
reason. If the Senator from Massachusetts,
if the Senator from Missouri, will tell the
people that what we say is true, then nobody
will believe it unlessit is those peculiar mental
organizations who believe that we are all liars.
Instead of inculcating the notion that this act
is instigated for the purpose of rebuking a
Senator for an opinion which he holds on the
question of Dominican annexation, if every
Senator would obey his own judgment, his
own convictions of the truth, and tell the peo-
ple that that is not the purpose, no one of the
people would believe it; and do we not know
that it is not the reason ?
I know the Senator from Massachusetts ha,s
opposed Dominican annexation. So has the
Senator from Missouri; so has the Senator
from Vermont who usually sits before me,
[Mr. Edmunds.] So have other Senators. Has
the Senator from Missouri been disturbed in
his relations with the Senate by reason of it?
Has any blow, to use the language which is
reiterated so often on this floor, been aimed at
him? Has any blow been aimed at the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] at the
Senator from Vermont who sits just beyond
him, [Mr. Mormll,] in his seat now, and who
also opposes the annexation of San Domingo?
Has any blow been aimed at any single Sen-
ator? Answer me as witnesses, you who know
the facts, has a blow been aimed at auy oue
for that reason?
If it was the purpose of a majority of this
Senate, if it whb the purpose of the President
of the United States to proscribe men because
they were not in favor of the annexation of
San Domingo, do you think we should touch
the Senator from Massachusetts alone and not
the Senator from Missouri. Why? Is it be-
cause it is any easier to remove—I use that
word because others use it—is it because it is
any easier to remove the Senator from Massa-
chusetts from a place which is considered his,
than to remove the Senator from Missouri or
the Senator from Vermont from places which
they have the same right to consider theirs?
Mr. President, in face of these facts I hope
it will not be reiterated on this floor, and it
will not be then, 1 am sure, reiterated in the
country anywhere, that the purpose for taking
this step is any different from whatit is avowed
here oil this floor. If there was no one else
m the Senate who could fill the place ot chair-
man of that particular committee but the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, perhaps we should
be compelled by our regard to the public inter-
ests to overlook all these considerations. But
