42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 10,
I am not one of those who can, admit that
there is but one man in this Republic who can
fill that place. If Senators insist upon it. I will
admit that the Senator from Massachusetts
could under happier circumstances fill it better,
fuller, than anybody else ; but, after all. Iam
of that blind sort of believing that I cannot help
cherishing the faith that the Republic will live
after the Senator from Massachusetts shall
cease to be chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, after even the Senator from
Massachusetts and all of us have ceased to fill
any place in these scenes or act any part upon
irlils til
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, in this
question there seems to be a principle involved;
and it is a simple, plain principle. The right
of Seuators is involved, and that right appears
to me to be nothing more nor less than this,
whether or not we may vote for our choice
for officers of this body without having our
motives impugned, without having motives
ascribed to us which we deny. Shall the right
to vote for our choice for chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations subject us
to the charge that we are influenced by im-
proper motives? This is simply a case where
the Republicans in caucus have by their votes
signified that they prefer the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] to any one else
for that position. Had they not a right to do
that? Will our constituents deny our right to
vote here for our choice for officers of the
body ? Is not that a fundamental right; and
who has the right to question our motives in
so doing?
Some have said that the San Domingo ques-
tion was involved in this. There is no such
question involved at all. We are changing
members of committees every day. We exer-
cise that right freely. Here is a case where
dictation by the minority is attempted, and
where that minority is accusing the majority
of having improperly exercised an acknowl-
edged right.
It is said it is done on account of the Presi-
dent of the United States. I presume no Sen-
ator has consulted the President of the United
States on this subject. I certainly have not.
But, suppose that from what has occurred in
this Chamber, from the severity of the Senator
from Massachusetts iri discussing questions in
this Chamber, Senators had become displeased
with his course toward the Administration, and
suppose that influenced them; what of it? Sup-
pose that Senators here thought that the Presi-
dent was entitled to ordinary respect, and that
he was an honest man and discharging the
duties of his office faithfully, and that harsh
language had been used toward him, and they
were influenced in their votes by that consid-
eration ; what of it? Had they not aright to
be influenced by that consideration ? If Sen-
ators here thought the relations between the
former chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations and the President and Secretary of
State were such that the public business would
not be as well performed by continuing the
former chairman as it would be by substitut-
ing the Senator of their choice, the Senator
from Pennsylvania, have they not a right to
vote in that way? Has anybody a right to
call on them for the reasons for their votes in
this regard ?
I say that the President of the United States
is, I think, entitled to some respect. I think
that the country also regards him as entitled
to some respect. I think we have a right, to
take exception to assaults upon him and upon
his motives. I think he has done some little
for this country. 1 think the vote he got in
I8G8 evinced the fact that there was some
respect for him and for his feelings in this
country. 1 think his services to the country
should entit'e him to respect.
There hai"e things occurred in this Chamber
which ought to ofl'end a good many Senators.
There have ^eeti assaults made upon the Pres-
ident which many Senators did not wish to
indorse ; but I would have been the last to drag
that matter before the Senate upon a question
of Senators simply exercising their right to
choose who should be the officers of this body.
That is the simple question. In a contest for
the chairmanship of the Committee on Foreign
Relations the Senator from Massachusetts is
likely to be beaten here. He has been beaten
in the "house of his friends." The Senator
from Pennsylvania, whose course suits them
better, has been successful. Is it the first time
a man was ever beaten for an office? Is it the
first time in this Republic that the aspirations
of a man were not gratified? Why, I appre-
hend that if we should undertake to call our
constituents to an account for voting against
us in our States at home, and to question their
motives, they would deny our jurisdiction to
try them on that issue. They would hardly
admitour jurisdiction to question their motives
when they chose another man. I have the
right, for whatever reasons I please, to prefer
one Senator to another for any place in this
body. I believe that the public business will
be better performed, more satisfactorily per-
formed by the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania, than
by the Senator from Massachusetts, as chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
My reasons for that belief are immaterial.
That right of choice has been exercised from
the foundation of the Government. It is sim-
ply an election to an office, to the chairman-
ship of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
That chairman has to be elected every two
years, and it appears for some reason that the
Senator from Pennsylvania has so conducted
himself that he is more popular in this body
for that office than the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and has beat him. That occurs fre-
quently between friends; and should we break
up the Republican organization because Re-
publicans get beat in convention, beat in cau-
cus, beaten before the people by other Repub-
licans ? Is that any cause for abandoning the
Republican organization? Itseemstome not.
It is the foundation of republican institutions
that the majority shall have a free right of
choice. I would not give a cent for republican
institutions if the majority could not rule, if
the majority could not exercise the right of
suffrage in this body and elsewhere without
having the anti-republican, the anti-order, the
anti democratic principle, that the minority
shall rule, and shall tear down the majority,
incorporated into our action. There is nothing
of republican organization, there is nothing
of the organization of this Senate, there is
nothing of free institutions where men have a
right to vote, if, because one man gets beaten
in a contest with another, the majority have
got to be tried before the tribunal of the
minority 1
This is introducing a new thing, entirely
destructive of all our theories of government.
Now, who has a right to question me because
I vote for my respected friend from Pennsyl-
vania? He is as old a Senator as any here ; a
man of large experience, and he happens now
for this office to be more popular than the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and has beaten him,
and wiWbeat him all the time for this office
under those circumstances. And what is the
difference here about the reason for my vote?
I shall continue to vote for my friend from
Pennsylvania, and I hope he will be elected.
I believe he will be. He is a popular man in
this body.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. SCOT l.\ Will the Senator from Massa-
chusetts permit me to report  
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The Senator from Pennsylvania asks
leave to make a report. It will be received if
there be no objection. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the select
committee 
- Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me. I prefer that one at
least of the Democratic members of that com-
mittee should be present.
Mr. SCOTT. I will state to my friend from
California that I propose to close by stating
that I atn informed that the members of the
committee who are not now in, the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] and the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Blaik,] have views of the
minority which they propose to submit. It is
not at all proposed that by my submitting this
report they should be deprived of any rights
they may have. I intended to ask that they
have leave to present the views of the minority.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should prefer that they
be here when this is done. I do not know what
course they wish to pursue ; I am not instruct-
ed. I think that in the midst of a debate they
had no reason to expect that this would be
done, and I would ask my friend from Penn-
sylvania to delay for a moment until I can send
for them.
Mr. SCOTT. Then, I will say that I shall
ask leave to make this report before the Sen-
ate adjourns this afternoon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] to postpone until
to-morrow the consideration of the resolution
proposing the names to constitute the com-
mittees.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is acknowledged
by us all to be a gentleman of eminent capacity
and high personal character. If anybody in
the Senate can give a good reason for the action
now proposed, surely that Senator can do so.
He has taken the floor and addressed the Sen-
ate in support of the proposition before us;
and, sir, I am mistaken if he gave a reason
for this action that can convince the judgment
of the Senate, of those who have listened to
his remarks, or the country that shall read his
speech.
The Senator closed his remarks by a denial
that this action is influenced by the San Do-
mingo question. He says certain Senators on
this committee have not been interfered with.
Well, Mr. President, we do know that at the
commencement of the last session an effort
was made to change the Committee on Foreign
Relations because that committee opposed
the acquisition of San Domingo. Some of us
remember why and how it was defeated.
Sir, the truth is, and everybody knows it and
it is useless for the Senator from Wisconsin
or any other Senator to deny it, that this prop-
osition to remove my colleague grows out of
the San Domingo question. If there never
had been an effort to annex San Domingo
we should have had uo attempt to change the
chairmanship of the Committee on Foreign
Relations or to remove members from that
committee.
During the year that has passed we have
been disturbed, the country has been divided
by this question of annexation. The people
have thought of that question, have talked
about it around their firesides, have discussed
it in the public press, have considered it, and
they know full well that out of that question
there have grown wide differences of opinion.
They know that the Senator from Massachu-
setts, the chairman of the committee, has taken
an active part against annexation, that there
has been a change of our minister to England,
and the people of the country, say what you
may about it, will come to the conclusion that
at the bottom of it all lies this San Domingo
annexation question.
Sir, I have regretted these differences from
the beginning. From the time this question
arose and these differences began amc ng us,
I have up to this time done what I could do,
by word and act, to bring harmony and unity
into the councils of our friends. Intrusted
by the people of this country with the adminis-
tration of public all'aiis, the Republican party
