748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman cannot cor-
rect me. I live where the roads are.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
there can be no objection to this bill. I ask
the Clerk to read a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
"Washington, 3>. C., March 3,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a pro-
posed amendment to the thirty-second section of an
act entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14,1870, which
meets with my approval, and the adoption of which
is necessary before certain railroads can avail them-
selves of the privilege of carrying goods in bond, as
provided tor in the act above named.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOimVELL, Secretary.
Hon. Samuel Hooper, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives, Washington.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the call for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am very well satisfied
from the views expressed in the letter just
read, as well as from the views of the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who is very-
familiar with this subject, that there is no ob-
jection to the passage of this bill. The appre-
hension I suggested at the beginning of this
discussion does not seem to have any weight
■with the Secretary of the Treasury. This bill,
if it shall become a law, will be of great
moment to the entire inland section of the
country. I withdraw the motion to refer to
the Committee on Commerce, and call the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
4 Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jurors in the district.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 257) to amend the act approved
June 16, 1862, entitled "An act providing for
the election of jurors to serve in the several
courts of the District of Columbia;" which
was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, was as follows:
Whereas by the first section of this act the list
of juror.-) to serve in said courts is made by the regis-
ter of Washington city, and the clerks of the city of
Georgetown, and levy court of Washington county,
and said officers are abolished by the act approved
February , 1S71, entitled "An act to provide a
government for the District ot Columbia:" There-
fore,
i> it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
t-incsef llte United Statesof Americain Congress assem-
bled, That the supreme court of the District of Co-
lumbia may, by orders in general term, from time
to time, designate necessary officers or persons to
make the list of jurors for service in said court,
instead of said abolished officers.
tsjuc. A That the justice holding the special term
usually called the circuit court may order talesmen
to be summoned by the marshal whenever the panel
drawn for service in said court, for any reason, be-
comes defective.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the thiid time, and
passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
north georgia agricultural college.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 273) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to convey the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to
the trustees of the North Georgia Agricultural
College for educational purposes; which was
read firel mtA «#eoud timei
Mr. YOUNG. I hope this bill will be passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to convey to the
trustees of the North Georgia Agricultural
College, located in the town of Dahlonega,
Georgia, the building known as the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, and the ten
acres of land connected therewith, located on
lot of land No. 949, in the twelfth district and
first section of Lumpkin county; the convey-
ance to be made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury so soon as he is assured that the trustees
have been properly incorporated by the laws
of Georgia, and on the express condition that
the building shall be used exclusively for edu-
cational purposes, and in conformity with the
provisions of the act entitled " An act donat-
ing public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts."
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. YOUNG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing census reports.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the following resolution from the Senate; which
was referred under the law to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate of tile United States, (the
House of Representatives concurring,) That there be
printed thirty-two thousand five hundred copies of
the volume upon " Industry" and the volume upon
"Mortality" of the ninth census, of which ten
thousand shall be for the use of the Senate, twenty
thousand for the use of the House of Representa-
tives, and twenty-five hundred for the use of the
Census Office.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 45) to enable the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
Company to relocate a portion of its road;
An act (S. No. S3) for the restoration of
Commander George A. Stevens, United States
Navy, to the active from the retired list;
An act (S. No. 89) to create a port of deliv-
ery at Potomac, Virginia, and for other pur-
poses;
An act (S. No. 90) for the relief of John E.
Wheeler;
An act (S. No. 1S7) to authorize the pay-
ment of duplicate checks of disbursing officers;
An act (II. R. No. 181) to establish post
routes;
An act (H. B. No. S22) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to change the name
of the ship William P. Storer; and
An act (EL R. No. 38S) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to place certain condemned
cannon at the disposal of the Pennsylvania
military legion of the city of Philadelphia.
land district in nevada.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to create an additional land
district in the State of Nevada. I have here-
tofore explained how important this bill is to
a large section of the people of my State. I
ask to have read in connection with the bill a
letter on the subject from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move that the
House adjourn.
question of privilege.
Mr. COX. I desire the House, before it
adjourns, to dispose of a question in which the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Garrett] is
interested. I call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] was
adopted, I wish te say that the gentleman.
from Tennessee is in ill health and desires to
go home. The reason of his ill health is that
he was a Union soldier and has three bullets
in his body. I desire the House to dispose
of this matter so that he may go home. 1 hope
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will
modify his resolution or withdraw it altogether.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 cannot with-
draw it altogether.
Mr. COX. He proposes to strike out the
obnoxious parts of his speech.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to a modification, applying the resolution
only to that part of his speech.
The vote by which the resolution was adopted
was reconsidered; and after being modified so
as to exclude from the Congressional Globe
only the offensive part of the speech, and not
the whole speech, the resolution was adopted.
robert gibson.
On motion of Mr. McHENRY, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of Robert Gibson.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent leave of absence for
the remainder of the session was granted to
Mr. Van Trump of Ohio and Mr. Garrett of
Tennessee.
pay of messengers.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the messengers under the Door-
keeper of the House shall be entitled to receive pay
for a full month to April 30,1S71.
fOlding-room employes.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be author-
ized and directed to pay to the two employes of the
House in the House Hall folding-room full pay for
the month of April.
Mr. PORTER. I move to amend so as to
include the pages of the House.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was adopted.
thomas holcomb and herman roberts.
Mr. McINTYRE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 429) for the relief
of Thomas Holcomb and Herman Roberts ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
when appointed.
national banking associations.
Mr. RANDALL. ^ I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to inform the House whether any moneys
received into the Treasury from the tax collected
from the national banking associations have not
been covered into the Treasury; and if so, that ho
inform the House why the same has not been cov-
ered into the Treasury.
Mr. POLAND. I object.
deficiency bill.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the deficiency
bill will be over here in a few minutes, and 1
therefore move we take a recess for twenty
minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
took a recess for twenty minutes.
When the House reassembled,
Mr. DAWES said: Mr. Speaker, from tho
information I have received I do not believe
the deficiency bill will be over here this after-
noon, and I therefore hope we will take a
recess until half past ten to-morrow morning.
indiana post routes. y
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, intro- '
dueed a bill (H. R. No. 428) to establish cer-
tain post roads in Indiana; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
aecordingly read the third time, atld passed.
