44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Wednesday oftbis week as the day of adjourn-
ment. Before the passage of that resolution
the committee had adjourned over until Tues-
day, feeling that we could examine no wit-
nesses upon Saturday or upon Monday. As
soon as the committee met, in pursuance of
that adjournment, notice was given that in
consequence of the resolution of adjournment
having passed the House, and the probability
of the concurrence of the Senate, the report
would be submitted at as early a day as pos-
sible; and accordingly it was submitted upon
Wednesday ; but, acceding to the wish.of the
minority of the committee then present, its
presentation here was deferred until to-day.
As to the witnesses who were summoned, I
may state that, so far as the character of the
witnesses is concerned, I supposed they were
surnmoued both at the instance of the major-
ity and of the minority, and that the form in
which the report is presented leaves that ques-
tion open for tbe Senate to determine whether
there shall be further investigation both into
the condition of affairs in North Carolina and
into that of all the other States originally con-
templated by tbe resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being interposed, the order to print the
report of the majority and the views of the
minority will be entered.
mess ag k from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bill
and joint, resolution, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. li. No. 19) making appropriations
for the payment of additional clerks and mes-
sengers in the Pension OtHee, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 3) construing
the act of July 14, 1870, entitled "An act to
reduceinternaltaxes, and (brother purposes,"
so as to provide for the admission of animals
especially imported for breeding purposes free
of duty from the Dominion of Canada.
appointment of committees.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Howe for the
appointment of the committees of the Senate
as proposed in the list submitted by bim.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I do not propose
to enter into any lengthy discussion of this
question, and I should content myself by sim-
ply voting upon it if I did not occupy the posi-
tion in relation to the question that I do. When
1 say to the Senate through you, sir, that it is
a question upon which 1 have no feeling in the
world I but state the simple truth. I am among
the youngest in senatorial years upon this floor,
and know, perhaps, as little of the customs,
ancient and modern, of the Senate as any
member here. When I came into this body,
from that deference which was due to my State,
1 was placcd without any solicitation of mine
upon a committee. I did not stop to inquire
why nor how it happened. It was the order
of the Senate of the United States, and to its
order I shall always bow with a respectful and
I trust a becoming deference. In that respect,
so far as every Senator upon this floor is con-
cerned, we stand here as equals. We occupy
this position or that position by the order of
the Senate. This is the first time since I have
been here that an attempt has been made to
alter that order; and we naturally inquire why
this attempt.
I need not say to the Senate, and to the
world, that no man who sits in this circle has
more freely and fully my warmest attachment
and regard than the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxek.] I have a high
regard for his colleague, [.Mr. Wilson.] He
and I entered into the Republican party, I
guess, the same year; I got in the first year
it was born, and he was not very much before,
1 take it. Therefore, in point of experience
'out of the Seuate, X have quite as much as iny
honorable friend from Massachusetts; and
hence, in this discussion, we enter as equals
in years, he holding much over me in sena-
torial experience.
Neither am I here to confess a want of zeal
and ardor in the Republican party, as com-
pared with either of the Senators from Massa-
chusetts, while I am here to concede that they
have been much more efficient and able in
their advocacy of its measures than my feeble
powers could make me.
I was appointed, very mtfgh against my
wishes, a member of the committee who were
directed to report back to the majority of the
Senate the heads of these committees and the
committees themselves. That is a custom cer-
tainly as old as my experience in this body; a
custom which I wish was abolished. I wish
to-day that the Vice President had the making
of these committees, as the Speaker of the
House of Representatives has in that body.
Now, sir, suppose, instead of its being the
case of my honorable friend who is now out
of his seat, [Mr. Sumner,] it had been found
necessary to put at the head of the Committee
on Military Affairs another than the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
would it have put the world in commotion?
We have here, now, on my right and on my
left, men who bring with them not only the
experience of years, but the experience of
battle; the actual, absolute experience of hard
service in the field. Suppose, in consideration
of that fact, it had been deemed proper by the
committee and approved by the Senate that
my honorable friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] should give way to my brilliant friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] who comes here
covered all over with glory from fields of battle;
would it have put the world in commotion?
Would everybody's eyes and ears have been
attracted? Suppose it had been said by some
man from Massachusetts, or elsewhere, that
my honorable friend [Mr. Wilson] had served
there for ten years and faithfully. So he has;
and that change would have made just as much
commotion in the world as the change we now
propose to make.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] is chairman of the Committee on
Finance. Suppose we had put the honorable
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] in his
place, would Ohio have gone crazy? Would
the world have been astonished at the assump-
tion of power by the Senate toward the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, who has borne his
honors so meekly as to merit our entire appro-
bation?
But to put a stronger case, suppose my hon-
orable friend from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
had been removed from the Committee on
Commerce, and we should have no more of
his Numidian chanting, [laughter,] would
Michigan have gone crazy? Would the Sen-
ate have been detained here two or three days
discussing the magnitude of the greatquestion
who should be chairman of the Committee on
Commerce? No, sir.
Suppose every chairman of every committee
in the Senate had been changed except the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, who would have cared ? Would the hon-
orable Senator's constituents in Massachusetts
have been alarmed? No, sir; they would have
hailed such a change as the dawn of the day
of progress; that the Republicans had stopped
hitching to the snubbing-post of the past and
were moving along to the music of progress,
and had got better chairmen for their commit-
tees. It would have been a matter of congrat-
ulation.
Wehaveheard theexpression often repeated
in this debate that men are stricken down.
Sir, if there is any one thing that is consolation
to myself it is that i intend to be just, although
often improvident in other respects. Now,
sir, the fact is apparent, and it has become a
matter ot recorded history, it is in every news-
paper ia the land, that the breach between the
President of the United States and the Secre-
tary of State and the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts is as wide as the gulf between
Abraham's bosom and the rich man. That
fact is known. I need not ask what was said
at a dinner-table nor what was not said. It
is a fact, a fact as well known to my honor-
able friend on my left [Mr. Sumner] as to
anybody. I am not going to stop to inquire
how that originated or who was to blame. The
fact exists. We cannot remove the President
of the United States ; we cannot remove the
Secretary of State; bat we can change the
head of a committee to make the operations of
our foreign relations harmonious and pleasant
to all.
Now, I have a case to put. My friend from
Massachusetts, who is affected by this action,
is quite tenacious of his dignity, as every gen-
tleman should be. He is quite tenacious of his
honor, as every gentleman should be. Sup-
pose he was President of the United States and
General Grant was chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations ; this schism actually
exists, their relations are entirely unpleasant
and disagreeable to each other; suppose my
honorable friend from Massachusetts should
do what the President never has done to my
knowledge, should say to the Senate "you
can so form that committee as to put me in
harmonious relations with it in the considera-
tion of these important questions, and I shall
be obliged to you." Tell me, Senators, where
is the Senator on this floor but would do it ?
An intimation of that sort, which I have never
received from any quarter, would be as a law
to me to secure the harmonious and quiet and
peaceful workings of this system of Govern-
ment. Sir, it is from that harmonious action,
and from that alone, that success comes, and
it can come from no other source. I am not
stopping to inquire, neither do I insinuate nor
charge, where the difficulty lies; but it exists,
and this is the only remedy. Is that degrada-
tion? I do not know, but it seems to me if
I stood in that attitude I should never allow
this question to be discussed for a moment in
the Senate. If my preseace on any committee
was not agreeable, I would give place to any
one who would be. It seems to me I should do
do that; but others can do as they choose.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts
who sits before me [Mr. Wilson] has a won-
derful power of magnifying little things. He
can make a mountain from a mole-liill with
more facility and with greater ease than any
Senator on this floor that I have heard. He
sees in the elements fragments so thick that
he can see no hope beyond. Why? What is
the matter ? The Senate have transferred his
colleague from one committee of high position
to the highest position of the first committee
on the list of the Senate. I happened to be in
Boston (and my friend will pardon me for
telling the story) when a slave, I think, called
Meshach, or Shadrach 
Mr. CONKLING. Abednego, perhaps.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. It was one of them—when Sha-
drach escaped. I was in the city hall or the
court-house with a young gentleman then of my
profession, but now as gray as myself. We
heard a commotion, and we rushed to the door
and we saw an immense senator from Massa-
chusetts by the name of Welsh, from Berkshire
county, whose conduct was so strange that I
inquired as to the cause of it. He was a man
twice my size, almost, at any rate, he was
large enough to cover me, [laughter;] and he
stood making gestures quiie similar to those
my friend made when he was making his
speech, which reminded me of the story. He
was jumping up and down, and seeing the
Union dissolved so quick that the sight was
scarcely to be caught with the naked eye. Said
f> "My friend, what is the matter?" He was
in as much agitation as ray friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] was today. He re-
plied, " There is a uigger loose." [Laughter]
