1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
political cases, and in which the courts of the
United States will have jurisdiction, this fact,
instead of furnishing a reason for the repeal
of the existing law giving such discretion to the
court, furnishes a reason for continuing that
provision.
Induced by these reasons, the conferees on
the part of the House so far yielded to the
views of the Senate as to permit this matter
to remain where it seems to me it is always
safe and wise to leave challenges of almost any
kind, and especially challenges of the kind
provided for in this class of cases under exist-
ing law.
This, I believe, is the last matter of differ-
ence between the two Houses except that
relating to what is known as the "Sherman
amendment." I have not the means of refer-
ring the House to the exact words of that
amendment as agreed to by the committee of
conference except as they are contained in
our report, which, however, is, I understand,
printed in the Senate proceedings as published
in this morning's Globe.
I will now stale, Mr. Speaker, accurately if
I can, what the effect of this section will be as
agreed to by the committee. First, it does
make a liability for a class of damages or
injuries which result from riotous disorders.
It must be kept in mind no other damages
except damages produced by riot are within
the section. In all these other damages in the
second section by conspiracy or anything of
that kind which do not amount to riot—and
that has its well-known legal significance, and
means two or more persons tumultuously
assembled and doing unlawful acts and doing
them in an unlawful way, by force and vio-
lence—if it comes short of that offense com-
mitted tumultously in the face of the com-
munity, then it is not within the section at all.
Nothing is in it but such disorder as that.
Next, the amendment agreed to by the com-
mittee of conference completely changes the
remedy granted for the mischief, by preventing
a claimant entitled to recover from resort-
ing to property of individuals at all and con-
fining his right of recovery to the county or
city in which the mischief was done. If done
in a city, then the action must be against
the city. If in a county and outside of a city,
the action must be against the county; and of
course the people of a city as tax-payers in
the county being to that extent liable. Then,
as to the method of enforcement of the judg-
ment when recovered, it provides they shall
have the remedies applicable in cases of judg-
ments against corporations of this municipal
character. It does no more. It provides for
enforcing judgments by mandamus or by any
other appropriate remedy applicable in like
cases, it goes to that extent exactly, that
such judgments may be enforced in the known
and usual methods of the law.
It does more. It permits the parties who
did the mischief to be united as defendants
along with the municipality sued. It does
still more; it requires the municipality shall
not bo made liable to pay that judgment until
there is execution returned showing the money
cannot be made out of the individual defend-
ants. It requires two months to elapse before
judgment can go against the municipality. It
requires at first the exhaustion of the means
of collecting the liabilities from the individuals
doing the mischief. It puts the city or county
in the position of guarantor, provided any other
parties are sued. The county or city being
interested in having such defendants can move
to have any party made defendant to a suit for
its own protection. Thus we have guarded, as
well as it conld be done, the county or city by
appropriate proceedings.
The Senate I need not say was exceedingly
earnest and positive in insisting there should
be something of the character retained in the
bill, and it was impracticable to procure the
yielding of the Senate from that in some shape.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, this is the report.
The question now of duty is of course before
the House. It is entirely too late to enter on
a discussion of a question so intricate in some
of its aspects as well as so new in some of its
aspects as the question made in regard to the
right to pass this Sherman amendment as we
call it. I have chosen to put down in writing
some statements in behalf of myself, at least,
as a member of the committee in vindication
of the right of the Government of the United
States through its Congress to do the thing
provided for in this section, and with the in-
dulgence of the House I will read what I have
written in order that I may bo short.
My first proposition is, that the making of a
community liable for losses by public violence
is defended by the court of appeals of New
York in Darlington vs. New York, (31 New
York Reports.) I should like to direct the
attention of the House, if I could, to the lan-
guage of this recent authority, so eminently
respectable and so persuasive in its historic
allusions and statements. This was a case
arising under the riot law of New York, iden-
tical in its legal aspects with the Sherman
amendment, except that one was enacted by a
State, while the other is proposed to be euacted
by the Congress of the United States. The
court say:
"It cannot bo doubted that the jiurposes of the
law aro within tho scope of legislative authority."
^ " This act proposes to subject tho
peopleof the several local divisions of tho State,
consisting of counties and cities to the payment of
any damages to property in consequence of any riot
or mob within the county or city.
"Tho policy on which the act is framed may bo
supposed to be to make good, at the public oxpense,
the losses of those who may bo so unfortunate as,
without their own fault, to beinjured in thoir prop-
erty by the lawless acts of a particular kind, which
it is the duty of the government to prevent; and
farther and principally, we may suppose, to make it
the interest of every person, liable to contribute to
tho public expense, to discourage lawlessness jind
violence, and maintain the empire of tho laws," &c.
* ■lt * - "Those are ends plainly within
the purposes of civil government; and, indeed, to
attain them it is that governments are instituted."
* * -* * " This action is, therefore, based
on a policy coeval with the laws of England."
And the court adds :
"It is a curious coincident that the policy of com-
pelling a local community to answer, with their
property, for acts of violence committed by others
has been considered by the English Parliament as a
supplement tb, rather than a violation of, the groat
charter."
And, in the same sentence, the court of
appeals declares that as the Magna Charta was
in this identical with the prohibition imposed
by the New York constitution upon depriving
a person of " property without due process of
law." "And there can be no objections to
imposing the burdens which shall arise in the
execution of the act upon the local divisions
where the riots take place and the losses were
occasioned."
Three propositions are by these principles
thoroughly established:
First. That the Government's duty to the
citizen includes protecting against a mob the
property of such citizen.
Second. That it is strictly within the scope
of the legislative power of any Government,
whose duty it is to protect a given privilege of
a citizen against a mob's invasion of such priv-
ilege, to assess the damages of such invasion
upon a prescribed subdivision of that govern-
ment which owes such duty to protect.
Third. That so to assess the damages against
such local division of the government is neither
a taking of private property for public use,
under the power of eminent domain, nor is it
a violation of the Magna Charta, nor of the Bill
of Rights, protecting property from being taken
except " by due process of law." liven the
dissenting opinion of Ingraham in Darlington
vs. New York, (81 New York Reports, 200,)
so expressly admits, for it says:
" That a law is valid making the county in which
property shall be destroyed or injured by a, mob or
riot liable to the party injured I have no doubt."
If, therefore, this law is unconstitutional, it
is not because it takc3 tho property of peo-
ple who did not do the wrong to pay for the
destruction of property by a mob, nor is it
because it violates the right to " due pro^s
of law," nor is it because it is outside of the
functions of a government which owes the
protection of that particular right which the
mob invaded. If this amendmentis not invalid
for these reasons, then what are the reasons
which make it unconstitutional? There can
be but three, to wit: either, first, that the right
which this amendment seeks to protect is not
one which the Government of the United States
has jurisdiction to protect; or second, if it
has the power to protect it, then that this sec-
tion is not in its nature "appropriate" as that
word "appropriate" is used in the Constitu-
tion ; or third, if it be both within the class of
things which Congress may protect, and this
method is "adopted" to protect it, then that it
is incompetent for the United States to inflict
liabilities and resulting taxes upon a munici-
pal corporation or an integral part or creature
of a State.
But this amendment confines itself in ex-
press words to protection of a right conferred
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States ; and to say we can pass no law to pro-
tect a right given by our own statutes and Con-
stitution is not only to deny the power to pass
this bill in any part of it, is not only to deny
the United States the right to enforce its own
laws, but is to literally and self-evidently strip
the United States of every attribute of govern-
ment—is to place it precisely where the doc-
trine of secession and Buchanan's message
placed it, with a Constitution but no power to
enforce it, with laws but no right to execute
them, with citizens but no attribute to defend
them 1 I did suppose the war had by its fright-
ful lessons taught us all that this Government,
like all others, was a nation.
Then the first objection to this amendment,
that to protect a right held under United States
laws is not constitutional, cannot be main-
tained.
The next, that making communities or divis-
ions of a State liable for riots which they
tolerate is "appropriate" as a means of stop-
ping them, is proved by the experience of at
least six hundred years in most of the enlight-
ened Governments of the world.
Really, therefore, the only question left is
the third, to wit: whether, since a county is
an integer or part of a State, the United States
can impose upon it, as such, any obligations
to keep the peace in obedience to United
States laws, it is, in its legal significance, tho
same question we have heard before in these
and other Halls, "Can the United States coerce
aStale?" To-day it is, " Can the United States
coerce a county of a State, touching a subject-
matter over which the United States has power
to coerce every person in that county, to wit:
touching there being or not being mobs in such
county, kept up and perpetuated to defy the
laws of tho United States and destroy the right?
Secured by these laws?" Those who deny
this power of the United States to touch a
county, as such, rest their denial on various
grounds. One is that the United States would,
by this amendment, be imposing a direct tax
on the county to pay this judgment, and that
this is prohibited. There are many reasons
why this is not a sound objection. I shall state
but one, to wit: that in so far as the enforce-
ment of payment of judgments in the United
States courts against counties or other muni-
cipal corporations may involve or require tho
assessment of taxes upon the people of such
counties, it is completely established that such
assessment of taxes can be compelled by the
.laws and courts of the United States in favor
of a private suitor in United States courts.
For these cases, where the Supreme Court of
the United States holds that such taxes may
be ordered by mandamus from United States
courts, see Knox County vs. Aspenwall, (24
Howard, 384, &c.)
This objection, therefore, is driven off from
