752
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
April 18,
the deiiial of the power to order the tax to be
assessed on the county in payment of the
judgment, because precisely this is what these
dffies hold may be ordered, there being a valid
judgment against the county or city. Next,
refuge is taken under the claim that these
cases are cases where the judgments against the
counties were on contracts made by the coun-
ties, and hence the owner of the contract
could, if a citizen of another State, sue the
county and enforce the judgment by taxing
the county for payment of a judgment rendered
on its own contract. If this reply is worth
anything, itmustbebecausethe Constitution of
the United States contains somewhere a clause
which says that counties, &c., maybe sued on
contracts and judgments thereon enforced, in
United States courts, by taxing the counties
or otherwise, but cannot be there sued for
other liabilities other than contract. Now it
contains no such clause, and the only clause
under which counties or other corporations
can be made, as such, parties in the United
States courts is one, not at all confining itself
to any particular kind of claims, as there are
suing by contract, tort, or otherwise, but
is thatone which says the judicial power shall
extend to "controversies between citizens
of different States," &c. Under this clause,
counties, cities, and corporations of all sorts,
after years of judicial conflict, have become
thoroughly established to be an individual or
person or entity of the personal existence, of
which, as a citizen, individual, or inhabitant,
the United States Constitution does take note
and endow with faculty to sue and be sued
in the courts of the United States. (See Louis-
ville Railroad Company vs. Letson, 2 Howard,
497, &c.)
This then drives the objection to admit that
counties are individuals, having, as such, a
status in the United States courts, and that
they can be brought there to try every kind of
controversy, whether on contract or other.
And we are brought to the next proposition
of my argument, which I state in the words
of the Supreme Court of the United States in
said case of Knox County vs. Aspinwall, as
follows:
"While the jurisdiction of the court to give a
judgment in the ca?e is riot denied, it, cannot be
denied that by the Constitution Congress has the
power to make laws, laws which may be necessary
for carrying into execution all it-j judgments."
(Knox Oounty e . Aspinwall, 2-1 Howard, SSI.)
This being a case to compel, by mandamus,
county commissioners to levy a tax to pay a
judgment.
By these steps we are conducted to the last
point in the objection to the constitutionality of
this amend merit namely, that while it is compe-
tent to enforce, by mandamus, ordering assess-
ment of taxes by the officers of a county
defendant to pay every manner of judgment
which may be legally rendered in United States
courts against such county, yet it is incompe-
tent to authorize a judgment for a tort to be
even rendered under Federal law against anj*
municipal corporation.
This position cannot, I think, be sound,
because, first, in principle, there can be no rea-
son why a county may by contract make itself
liable, and that liability be enforcible in United
States courts, and may not do so by a negli-
gence, or omission of duty, or other wrong of
its officers or citizens.
Mr. ELD1UDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question right there?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio—audi think the inquiry
is in the line of the remarks he is making—if
the gentleman's proposition be correct, why is
not, the Federal Government liable for every'
act of outrage committed by the rebels during
the entire wa? upon the Union people of the
localities where those things took place ?
Sir. SHELLABA RGBB. I know that my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] is too
good a lawyer to ask that question seriously.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman does me
too much credit in thinking that I ask the
question in any other way than seriously. I
think if the gentleman's proposition is true
there is this liability on the part of the Fed-
eral Government to protect its people against
mobs, against rebellion, and against all losses
of property so caused.
Mr. SIJELLABARGER. Very well. My
first answer to the gentleman is this: that an
overwhelming violence that defies the Govern-
ment ends all governmental responsibility.
But then, another answer, and one which will
be more satisfactory, perhaps, to his mind, is
that these liabilities of communities or sub-
divisions of a State for destruction by a mob
do not arise under the common law, but are
completely and wholly statutory. And there
being no statutes creating liability on the part
of the Government of the United States for
wrongs done by a mob there exists no such
liability. And the gentleman will find in the
New York case which I have cited, in the
arguments of counsel—perhaps in the opinion
of the court, but certainly in the arguments of
counsel—a complete collection of authorities
showing that the liability is a creature of statute
merely, and cannot be extended beyond the
statute.
Secondly. My next reason why it cannot be
sound doctrine to say that it is incompetent
to authorize a judgment for a tort to be ren-
dered under Federal law against any muni-
cipal corporation is that, on principle, if the
United States may impose on a body of the
people the obligation to see to it that the United
States laws are not riotously defied to the dam-
age of the people in a particular district, and
may make the inhabitants of such presciibed
district liable if they neglect said duty, then,
as'a matter of convenience, the United States
may just as well designate the district and
inhabitants so made liable by the name of a
county as by any other method of designation
or description, and having made them, as
such, liable to have a valid judgment against
them by their corporate name, and they being,
under well-recognized United States law, a
person in the courts, it is perfectly competent
to enforce a judgment for such a liability in
the same manner as could any other judgment
be enforced against the same legal person or
corporation.
It becomes, in that view, a mere descriptio
persona. We could set apart a district of ten
miles square and say that the people of that
district should be liable for destruction by a
mob, and provide a means of assessment on
the people of that district. So, precisely, can
we designate a county, and prescribe that the
inhabitants of the district or county shall be
liable, and that the assessments shall be made
upon the people in a prescribed method.
Nov/, where is the constitutional objection to
our saying that the method of collection, instead
of by sending marshals to assess in a particu-
lar way, shall be prescribed by our statute ;
that it shall be in that way in which your
Supreme Court has stated that it was compe-
tent to do it, that is, by issuing a mandamus
against the officers of the county to compel
assessment of the tax? And the decisions are,
that whenever the State law authorizes the
officers to assess a tax to pay any deb.t of a
county, and they do not do it, although it may
be the general statute providing that the com-
missioners of the county may assess taxes to
pay all liabilities of the county, that is enough
to authorize the United States officers to seize
by mandamus,^ to use that existing law of the
State as the instrumentality of the General
Government to reach the people. For it is
against the inhabitants of the county that the
gist of the law is directed. It is a mere instru-
mentality, according to the doctrine of the
courts, and there is nothing in the Priggscase,
or any other case, which prevents ns from em-
ploying as instrumentalities of Federal law
existing machinery of this kind for the purpose
of assessing on every inhabitant of the county
the taxes necessary to pay a judgment in the
courts of the United States.
I wrote down these remarks in order to make
my speech short, but I find I have made it
pretty long. I have concluded all I desire to
say in regard to the report, and I shall acqui-
esce, of course, most cordially in any vote of
the House upon it.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor and said: I
would rather proceed with my remarks when
the House reassembles after twelve o'clock
for its session of Wednesday. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
enrolled bills signed.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles ; when the Speaker signed
the same :
An act (S. No. 255) for the relief of Anna
M. Howard;
An act (S. No. 282) to enable the Houghton
and Ontonagon Railroad Company to make a
resurvey of its road ;
An act (S. No. 273) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to convey the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to
the trustees of the North Georgia Agricultural
College for educational purposes ;
An act (S. No. 116) concerning the com-
pensation of the collector of customs for the
district of Willamette, in the Stale of Oregon ;
An act (S. No. 257) to amend the act ap-
proved June 16, 1862, entitled "An act pro-
viding for the selection of jurors to serve in the
several courts of the District of Columbia;"
An act (S. No. 294) for the relief of the
inhabitants of the town of A-rcata, in Hum-
boldt county, California; and
An act (S. No. 242) to enable the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company to mortgage
its road.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to; and accordingly (at
eleven o'clock and forty-five minutes a. m.)the
House adjourned until Wednesday, April 19,
at twelve o'clock, noon.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS: A petition
of soldiers of the war of 1812 and others, for
pensions.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 18, 1871.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Bev. J. P. Newmax, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That William Ilenscy ha.ve leave to with-
draw hi."? petition and papers Iroin the of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That Benjamin I). Roper. 3. W. Johnson,
P.V At111 tui* flf IVi II in m kllliartn \ 1.. O ^   I.
Company, severally, have leave to withdraw their
petitions and papers from the files of the Senate.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Poster, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 15th
instant, approved and signed an act (S. No.
295) authorizing the Secretary of War to place
at the disposal of the Lyon Monument Asso-
ciation of Missouri certain condemned cannon.
MESSAGE FItOM THIS IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
