1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
753
that the House bad passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 425) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to give Wisewell barracks to the
Beulah Baptist church ;
A bill (II. R. No. 42G) for convening the
nest Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 427) declaring a post
route in the State of Georgia.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution, requesting
the President to organize a commission com-
posed of Army and Navy officers, five ill num-
ber, to examine and report to Congress, on or
before the 20th of December next, upon the
propriety of removing the Brooklyn navy-yard
from its present site, &c. ; upon the propriety
in case of said removal of constructing a new
yard, &c. ; and upon the propriety of building
a new marine hospital in case of the removal
of the one at Brooklyn, &c.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 45) to enable the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad
Company to relocate a portion of its road ; and
A bill (S. No. 90) for the relief of John E.
Wheeler.
enrolled bills bign15i).
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 42) giving the consent of
Congress to Professor J oseph Henry, secretary
of the Smithsonian Institution, to accept the
title and regalia of a commander of the Royal
Norwegian Order of St. Olaf, conferred upon
him by the king of Sweden and Norway, grand
master of the order; and it was thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
levees of the mississippi.
Mr. WEST. I take this opportunity to offer
a resolution to the Senate, and beg the Clerk
to read it, after which I will explain its object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution will be read for information, subject
to objection.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Whereas the State of Louisiana has contracted
with the Louisiana Levee Company, Saul company
agreeing to construct, maintain, repair, and keep in
repair, lor twenty-ono years, all levees neecs^ary for
the protection of the alluvial land-* of said State
from overtlow by the waters of the Mississippi river
and its tributaries; and whereas it is stipulated in
said contract that all new levees shall bo located,
and the dimensions of all the levees shall bo de-
termined by a commission of three engineers, to be
appointed as follows: one by the Governor of the
Stale of Louisiana, one by the said company, ami
one by the (Jovernmcntof the United States: There-
fore,
lie it ici<)lved by the Semite, Thiit tho President
he, and he is hereby, requested to detail an officer
of engineers, who, together with the engineer
appointed by the Governor ot Louisiana and the
one appointed by said company, shall proceed to
determine the location and dimensions of all levees
to be constructed, strengthened, and repaired, as
required by the contract between the State of Louis-
iana and the Louisiana Levee Company.
Mr. WEST. The object of that resolution
is fully expressed in the preamble. It is a
mere request to have an officer of engineers
detailed to enable us to perfect our levee
system. It involves no expense to tiie Gov-
ernment. I trust the Senato will pass it.
ThePKESID-ENTpro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution? The Chair hears none.
The resolution was adopted.
RAILROAD DEPOTS IN WASHINGTON,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the '
following resolution j which was considered by j
unanimous consent, and agreed to : j
Jleiohedf Thatthe Committee on Public Building j
and Grounds be instructed to inquire as to the pro- ]
priciy of requiiing <iH railroad deputs in the city of j
Washington where steam engines nre used to be '
further removed from the public buildings or public I
grounds, and report thereon at the next session of I
Congress. 1
42d Com. IstSess.—No. 48.
YErvGEll CASE.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask to call up the resolu-
tion of inquiry offered by me some clays ago,
requesting the Attorney General to communi-
cate to (he Senate the stipulations with regard
tn thp Vfirtfpr natia
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
indicated by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say to the Senator from Missouri that my col-
league, when it was proposed to take up this
resolution a day or two since, objected to it.
He is not present now. I do not know any-
thing about the case, but I shall have to object
in behalf of my colleague.
Mr. BLAIH. It is only a resolution of
inquiry, asking the Attorney General to com-
municate to the Senate the correspondence
between himself and the couusel of Yerger in
reference to that-matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
my colleague understands something about
that, and if he were present I would leave it
to him ; but until he shall be present I must
object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Missouri insist on his motion ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Missouri, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of a resolution which will be read
for information.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as fol-
lows :
] tesofoal, Thatthe Attorney General of the United
States in requested to communicate to the Senate
the stipulations or agreement entered into by tho
Attorney General of tho United States, on the part
of the Government of tho United States, with the
counsel of Yerger, charged with the murder of Crane,
in the case brought, before the Supreme Court of the
United States on appeal from the circuit court for
the State of Mississippi, in regard to the disposition
to be made of said cause in tho event that the Su-
preme Court of the United States should take juris-
diction of the said cause.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, will the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
will not bo done in the absence of my colleague.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Senator from Missouri, what is his purpose in
reference to this resolution now?
Mr. BLAIR. The purpose is to obtain in-
formation from the Attorney General in refer-
ence to the facts with regard to the stipulation
or agreement entered into by himself with
Yerger's counsel.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
of the Senator whether he wants the informa-
tion for his own use, by way of legislation or
otherwise, or whether the purpose is merely to
give publicity to it?
Mr. BLAIIl. I think it is a matter of suffi-
cient importance to interest the count,r}', and
it is with that view that I ask its communica-
tion to the Senate. I do not see any use of
this hugger-mugger about a question of im-
portance to the whole people of the country.
I should like to know, and I believe the people
of this country would like to know, what were
the stipulations entered into by the Attorney
General with the counsel of Yerger. It might
throw a great deal of light upon public ques-
tions of interest to all the people of the coun-
try. I can see no object that the Senator or
any Senator can have to conceal matters of
interest from the people in regard to their own
Government. If the Senator can suggest any
good reason why it should be concealed from
the people, probably he will convince the Sen-
ato that it is necossary to suppress this inform-
ation. I ask that tho resolution may be put
upon its passage.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very glad the Sen-
ator from Missouri is not in favor of "hugger-
mugger," for, although I do not know what
precisely he means by that, I infer from the
way he uses the term that it is some whole-
some thing to avoid. I am very glad, there-
fore, he is in favor of avoiding that. No
doubt I am in favor of it, although, as I say,
I do not know very definitely what he means.
It is, however, a somewhat extraordinary
thing, as every lawyer in this body must see,
to inquire, for purposes of publicity or other-
wise, into tho stipulations made during the
management of a cause between the counsel
on the opposite sides of that case. That is
one of the things not generally supposed to
relate to matters of government or public
matters. I do not know what the stipulation
in this case was; but I do not know of any
reason why the Attorney General should be
required to report to this body the stipulations
that he entered into in the course of a litiga-
tion in this instance any more than in any
instance.
If I remember aright, any stipulation which
was made, or stipulations, or interlocutory
proceedings about this case must have been
made long ago, by an Attorney General not
now in oflice; and if there is any legislation
in regard to it which the Senator proposes,
any information he wants himself, no doubt
upon inquiry of the Attorney General he can
learn all about it; but it seems to me it is
rather an unusual topic of inquiry for one or
both of the Houses of Congress to address to
the Attorney General an inquiry—-
Mr. MORTON. What is the resolution?
Mr. CONKLING. The resolution directs
the Attorney General, for that is the effect of
it—it is not addressed to the President with
the usual request that, if compatible with pub-
lic interest, the information be given—it is a
resolution of virtual direction to the Attorney
General to report to this body what stipula-
tions ho made in the course of a litigation with
the counsel or the opposite side.
I think if I were to rise and offer a resolu-
tion requiring the Attorney General to report
the stipulations that had been made in some
cause which has been conducted by the district
attorney of one of the districts of the State 111
which 1 live, or, as my friend behind me [Mr.
Caupexter] suggests, in the legal-tender case
now pending, or in any litigation, whether a
subsisting one or one which has ended, it would
strike everybody as being rather remarkable ;
and if I were to do it, I think 1 ought at least
to be prepared to show some reason for it, or,
if not to assign a reason for it, to affirm in my
place that I propose, to ground some legislation
upon it, some action upon it, something more
than the mere idea of making an inquiry for
curiosity or for publicity in reference to tho
professional proceedings between counsel in a
cause.
Now, Mr. President, I think the honorable
Senator from Missouri shifts tho onus which
belongs to himself to mp when he bids me to
assign some reason why it should not be done.
I respectfully submit to him, in a case of this
kind, the onus is upon him to assign some
reason why a proceeding so extx-aordinary as
this should take place. In the first place, it
is not very usual, as I have been once or twice
told when I offered resolutions directed to the
head of a Department, to address inquiries to
heads of Departments at all. I have heard it
affirmed by the older members of this body
that the regular proceeding was to address
such a resolution, if it all, to the President by
way of request.
Mr. POMEROY. That is so.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend before mo
reminds me that he once brought me up with
a very round turn when I addressed an itiquirj-
to the head of a Department; and he under-
took to say, if I remember aright, that Ieoulc.
not find any instance on the Journal of the
Senate where a resolution of inquiry had ever
been addressed to the head of a Department.
I think he stated that rather strongly.
Mr. POMEPuOY. In former days. I said
