1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4T
of the armies of the United States, when he
marched into Washington city in the spring of
1865 with that great army of his that never
knew defeat, was not on the best terms per-
sonally with Secretary Stanton, who is now no
more. At the stand where that great army
marched in review General Sherman refused
to recognize Secretary Stanton, and it was said
that he snubbed him there; but General Sher-
man was not deposed from the head of that
great army. Although Secretary Stanton was
Secretary of War and had a right to relieve
him, yet it was not done; but General Sher-
man afterward was promoted, as he ought to
have been promoted, if promotion was going,
on account of his gallant conduct and his sol-
dierly qualities.
Now, sir, the reason for this, as I said, is only
that the personal relations between these gen-
tlemen are not of the most friendly character.
I remember, Mr. President, that twelve years
ago, when 1 came to Congress, I differed with
the Senator from Massachusetts in my political
opinions. I had always recognized him as a
man of great ability, as a man of sterling integ-
rity and worth ; yet I had no sympathy what-
ever with his political views. But I was attract-
ed toward him in my sympathies and feelings,
because of the fact that I stood many times in
this Chamber and saw him stand like a Roman
senator and hurl the curs of slavery as they
snapped and snarled at him. I saw him many
times, with that Damascus blade, hew his way
through their ranks. 1 many times saw him
disperse them in debate on the floor of the
Senate. Ileamed then to admire him, although
I did not fn% 'agree with him. He then, sir,
led the army of liberty in this country. He
■was its leader in the Senate, its leader every
where as its orator, as its advocate, as the man
that advanced opinions, as the man that went,
far in advance and only beckoned to others
to come forward with him and give liberty to
all the people of this country. During the
terrible war through which we have passed he
■fcas one of the great leaders in the Senate.
Through all our trials and difficulties, through
Our misfortunes and our triumphs, he stood at
the head of the men in favor of liberty in this
land. When this Administration came into
power he still, as the great debater, as tliegreat
statesman in this land, stood at the head of
all. He was a friend of the Administration.
I hope that the friendly personal relations
between them may be restored and again exist.
But, sir, he has continued up to this hour at
the head of that committee. At the time the
discussion occurred in the Senate in reference
to the settlement of the Alabama claims, the
speech of the Senator from Massachusetts was
permitted to be published all over the land ;
the seal of secrecy was broken ; it was pub-
lished, and that speech was the text of every
person of the Republican party in this whole
land with reference to the settlement of the
Alabama claims with ourmothercountry, Eng-
land. But now, at the very time that a joint
high commission is meeting here to settle those
claims, at the very time when that commission
is discussing those claims, perhaps on the prin-
ciple enunciated by the great statesman of
Massachusetts, theSenate of the United States
deposes him from the chairmanship of that
committee, and says to England, "We back
down from what we have said ; we take back
what we have said ; we decline to further stand
by this man ; we decline to stand by the prop-
osition thathe enunciated before the country
wesaytothem, " Gentlemen, wehave disrated
this Senator who enunciate_d this principle
before the country, and we desert him now;
make your propositions, differing however much
they may from that which has been suggested
to the country, and we give you the evidence
now that we no longer will stand by him."
Now, sir, let me ask you how this will be
received by the country ? What will the coun-
try think of it? Gentlemen say " the mere
1 change of the chairman of a committee makes
no difference in the country ; we have a right
to do it." It is true that right exists ; but I
remember a circumstance that once occurred,
and which was suggested in the debate by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] of
a difference between an honorable Senator
from my own State, Senator Douglas, and
President Buchanan, when there was a Demo-
cratic Administration and a Democratic Sen-
ate. That, difference grew out of the Lecomp-
ton question. President Buchanan, as I under-
stand the history of that time, demanded the
removal of Senator Douglas from the chair-
manship of the Committee on Territories. The
Democracy of that day, headed by Jefferson
Davis, by James S. Green, and others, came
into this Senate Chamber and deposed Senator
Douglas. The sequel you all know.
History repeats itself. This proposition in
the Senate to-day, disguise it as you may, call
it the mere change of a committee, call it the
mere doing of what you have a right to do as
a Senate, call it the mere performance of your
duty to your country as you deem it proper
that that duty shall be performed, call it what
you may, it is a repetition of that which was
done to Senator Douglas, and the country will
so recognize it. It is the Senate at the beck
and nod and dictation of a Secretary of State,
or somebody, deposing a man who has always
performed his duty. That is all there is in it;
that is all it amounts to ; and the country will
recognize it as an act, in my judgment—not
an improper act so far as the exercise of power
is concerned, it being an act which the Senate
has the power and the right to do—but the
country will recognize it as an act striking
down this Senator without any good and suffi-
cient cause.
If the Senate had changed the chairmanship
of any other committee there might then have
been some show of reason for the chauge in
this case. The Senator from Nevada talked
about this being a mere election and the differ-
ence being decided only in reference to the
popularity of two men. Why is it that no other
chairman has been deposed? It is true that
he was changed from the Judiciary Committee,
but it is equally true that he was made chair-
man of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
a chauge that I presume was very satisfactory
to himself; I should think so, at least. It is
true some other changes have been made ; but
no chairman of a committee has been deposed
except the Senator from Massachusetts. I
think it would have looked well for us to have
made at least a few changes. We could at any
rate have changed the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining, or some commit-
tee of that kind, some small committee, so as
to have been able to say to the country "We
have changed the chairman of more than one
committee." But, sir, that has notbeen done.
This is do-ne with regard to the Senator from
Massachusetts only; and because it is desirable
to have him displaced from the Committee on
Foreign Relations for some reason that lean-
not understand, nor will I attempt to under-
stand it. The reason given is not a good one.
There is some other reason, and what it is I do
not know. I am not in favor of perpetuating
chairmanships of committees; lam not in favor
of perpetuating men in office or in position ;
but when a change is made of the character
proposed in this instance, I am in favor of
having some reason to give for it that at least
sounds well to the country.
I have said, sir, all that I desired to say. I
wanted simply to give the reasons why I have
taken the course I have taken in voting against
this change.
Mr. TIPTON, (at four o'clock and seven-
teen minutes p. m.) Mr. President, as it is get-
ting rather late, if it is the will of the Senate, !
I move that, the Senate do now adjourn. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy.) The Senator from Nebraska moves
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 28, nays 28; as follows :
serly, .
Virginia. .   . _        
Michigan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Pratt,"
Robertson, Saulsbury, Scliui-z, Si>cucev, Spragne,
Stevenson. Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton.
Trumbull, Vickers, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Meb&rs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Chandler, Cole. Coakling, Corbett, Crngin,
Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Kamsey, Sawyer, Soott,
Sherman, Stewart, West, and Wright—H8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Carpenter,
Gilbert, Hamilton. Hill, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pat-
terson, Kioe, and Windoin—11.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to pospone the resolution.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend, of course, to make any factious opposi-
tion to this proposition, and if I must be in a
minority I have the consolation of knowing
that the country understands the question in
every town and in every precinct and in every
household throughout the entire land. I knew
what we were approaching. I understood
whither we were drifting. The country under-
stands it; and we may rest satisfied after we
have done our duty and recorded our votes.
When the San Domingo question came here
originally, when the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Schdrz] moved an investigating com-
mittee in regard to the imprisonment of a citi-
zen of Connecticut, the charge was distinctly-
made here that it was a war upon the President
of the United States that those men were
attempting who asked for that investigation. I
knew then that the intention existed to array
the President against the men who should
signalize themselves in leading off against, the
San Domingo iniquity. We were warned then.
We met you then ; we meet you now ; and we
will meet you at all times triumphantly on a
question of this kind. You then tantalized
us ; for it was in no ordinary language that the
intimation was made here that the men who
asked for the investigation in regard to Hatch
were making a war upon the President of the
United States. You failed to overawe the
Senators who made that investigation. You
failed to overawe the Republicans of the
country.
That is not all or the half of it, Mr. Pres-
ident. Coming into existence in that shape,
how was it afterward on the floor of the Sen-
ate? Afterward, on the floor of the Senate,
when the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, in his place in the Senate, uttered strong,
powerful, eloquent words on this subject, the
honorable Senator from New York [Mr. Cokk-
lims] said, and notified the country, that the
time had come when the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts ought to be deposed from
the Committee on Foreign Relations. It went
forth from a Senator in this Chamber that the
time had come. Come for what? The time
had come when the Senator might be changed
from his position on that committee. That
went forth to the country. Everybody anti-
cipated and believed that the honorable Sen-
ator who made the charge was in earnest;
that there was a power behind him that if lie
lacked the energy to come up to the final
shock would help him forward. That was the
expectation of the country.
In connection with that, when we came here
at the beginning of the last session, the news-
papers of the country said there would be an
attack made upon the Committee on Foreign
Relations. Many doubted it. We assembled
here in the Senate, we canvassed this question,
and the effort was made. The prophecy was
tiue that an effort was to be made to depose
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations. An effort was made to get rid of
the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Schurz,] but discretion was deemed the better
part of valor, and the forces were called off in
his case on account of the fighting quality of
