48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
the German troops. [Laughter.] An effort
■was made then to modify that committee and
change it by taking off the committee the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Patterson.]
The honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire, with a proper appreciation of his rights
as a Senator, an honorable Senator, a manly
Senator, throwing aside that modesty which
might have influenced some men, standing up
for the rights of a Senator, in his own place
and with his own proper voice, demanded that
if he was taken from the Committee on For-
eign Relations somebody should answer up
and look him in the face like a man and tell
him why. No one could look that honorable
Senator in the face and tell him why. We
thereupon, the Republicans of the Senate in
general caucus assembled, without the fear of
man before our eyes on that subject, recom-
mitted the report then made, and the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts stood in his
place, the honorable Senator from Missouri
was left upon the committee, the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire was brought
back, installed, restored to the committee, and
his enemies were discomfited in the installa-
tion exercises. Is not that true? Gainsay it
who will. That is history. Wipe it out who
can. The people have had it, a portion of
the people of this country can read and a good
many of them can think. They have these
facts and they understand their meaning. With
all deference to the legal acumen, to the logical
precision, and to the hair-splitting ability of
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe,] I say the people understand this cause
and have prejudged it; and I say so, with all
deference to the opinions of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Nye]—
"Whose worda had such a molting flow,
And spoke of truth so sweetly well.
They dropped like the serenest snow,
And all was brightness where they fell."
But, after all, it was only brightness. With
due respect to them, it would not be parlia-
mentary to say that it would be pettifogging,
it would not be parliamentary to say that it
would be naked, bare, bald prevarication, to
tell the people of the country that there were
no facts ori record, that no war was waged,
that no retreat had taken place in the Senate
Chamber on the subject, that all was bright,
the sun shilling down, and that all was calm
and still! These gentlemen have undertaken
to argue against the facts, the facts upon rec
ord, the facts ir> the papers, and the facts in
every man's knowledge and conscience on the
floor of the Senate. It is a deliberate war upon
the Senator from Massachusetts, waged for no
purpose whatever but to bring him in accord-
ance with the views of other departments on
the subjectofSan Domingo.
' Yesterday L took down the express lan-
guage in which the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin stated the causes which operated in
the producing of this change. I wrote them
down in the words and figures following, to
wit; I took them from his mouth as he uttered
them iu the caucus of the Republican Sen-
ators yesterday; and the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin then and there said that he
would give us the reasons that moved him in
agieeing to this change. They were: "first,
that the Senate was divided on the San Do-
mingo question, a majority of the Senate, in
his opinion, being in favor of San Domingo,
but the Committee on Foreign Relations had
a majority against San Domingo." -I took
those words from his lips as the reason why
I understood the change was made before the
Senate, that the committee must be brought
in sweet accord with the anticipated majority
in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know if
the Senator from Nebraska feels no compunc-
tions of conscience when he makes that open
disclosure here in the Senate of the United
States of what occurred in a caucus?
Mr. HOWE. Oh, I guess not.
Mr. TIPTON. ■ I desire to answer the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio that until I saw all
the proceedings of that caucus in the morning
papers, [laughter;] until I saw his name in
the ayes and noes, [laughter;] until I saw the
record of that body footed up, and have only
learned that there was a single mistake, I
thought what there transpired was private; but
I found that the country had it all; the vote
was published—21 for and 26 against—and
therefore the Senator from Ohio cannot ask
me whether I have any compunctions in speak-
ing of that which has gone to the country and
has been made public all over the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will now ask the Sen-
ator whether he did not himself give this dis-
closure by which this information was obtained ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. TIPTON. No; the honorable Senator
from Ohio would never ask me a question of
that kind, whether I made a disclosure in con-
travention of the laws of a caucus. He knows
better than to ask'me a question of that kind;
he has too high an appreciation of my honor
and my integrity to insinuate it for one single
moment; nor does he put that question in
good faith.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will yield to
me for a moment. The question I put to the
honorable Senator from Nebraska was from
the natural impulse of every one who partici-
pates in a party caucus. 1 never myself have
disclosed directly or indirectly anything that
occurred in a party caucus. If we cannot
among our political friends have party con-
ferences without having the exact words and
language detached from the connection and
quoted here, there is the end of them.
Now, in regard to this particular matter, let
me inform the Senator from Nebraska and the
Senate that every party regulates the disposi-
tion of its own members on committees. This
very caucus gave to the Democratic members
on this side of the House 
Mr. TIPTON. I am unconscious that I
yielded to a speech.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give way, then, for the
present.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator yield to me?
Mr. TIPTON. In one moment I will. This
duy, in his place in the Senate, the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin gave a running ac-
count of what he had said and how he had
advised his brethren when assembled with them.
That was a reference to what occurred at the
time I took the notes and was a part of the
transaction. Now I will hear my friend.
Mr. HOVVE. I wish to say first to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that I do not think the Senator
from Nebraska is amenable to the rebuke which
he bestows upon him, because he ha's not re-
cited the exact words or any exact words that
I understand to have been used in caucus—
certainly none that I used myself.
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir; just as they fell
from your lips; I took them with my pencil,
and there are the words as I took them then.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. TIP TON. If the Senator denies the
words I have given, let him give the words he
used.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nebraska yield to the Senator
from Wisconsin?
Mr. TIPTON. I yield to hear him deny
this record and tell what he did say on that
occasion.
Mr. HOWE. I am obliged to my friend for
yielding to me for those purposes, and I take
the floor for both those purposes; not to deny
that, he made that record—[ suppose he did;
he says he did—-but to deny that that, record
is a correct transcript of what 1 said. And
now I avail myself of the opportunity to do
the other thing which he yielded to me for,
to repeat what I did say. I said there was
one parliamentary reason why, in my judg-
ment, we had a right to alter the Committee
on Foreign Relations ; that I understood a
majority of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions to be opposed to the annexation of San
Domingo; that I understood a majority of the
Senate to be in favor of the annexation of
San Domingo; and if I understood parlia-
mentary usage that was a reason, and a good
reason, why the majority .should constitute, or
might constitute, a committee in accordance
with its views. But I said that that was not
a reason of itself for removing the head of the
committee, because that majority might very
well be corrected by removing another mem-
ber of the committee, and 1 said that if that
had been the only difficulty with the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations it was very probable
that that might be waived hereafter as it had
been heretofore.
Mr. TIPTON. Very well, Mr. President.
The impression made upon my mind was then,
and the language taken down is express, that
the Senate was divided upon the subject, and
that it was a very good parliamentary reason
why the committee should be brought in accord
with the Senate. But subsequently it ought
to be recollected that when the Senate was
divided, the Senate on the question of ratifica-
tion stood 28 for and 28 against—there was a
tie in the Senate; and therefore I think that
on that basis the committee should not have
been touched.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. The Senator probably has a right 
Mr. TIPTON. I am perhaps trausgressing.
I will simply say 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order, and will state it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nebraska must be seated until the
question of order is stated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My question of order is,
that while the Senator has a lawful right to
betray private conferences of political friends,
he has no lawful rieht to reveal the executive
proceedings of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point in this regard, that the pro-
ceedings in executive session of the Senate
cannot be divulged by any member.
Mr. TIPTON. I will make my remarks
parliamentary ; and I will say that the public
papers declared that 28 were upon one side
and 28 on the other side, and it was never
denied, and I know it to be true. [Laughter.]
What else would the Senator from Vermont
have? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators and
persons present must observe order. It would
be desirable to have gentlemen who are occu-
pying the floor of the Senate resume seats as
far as there are seats prepared for them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I rise to a second
point of order.
Mr. TIPTON. I will not yield to any other
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nebraska must be seated until the Sen-
ator from Vermont states his point of order.
Any Senator has a right to raise a question
of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point of order now
is that the Senator has purposely and inten-
tionally, in defiance of the rules of the Senate
and the decision of the Chair, again stated
what occurred in executive session of the Sen-
ate, the state of its votes ; and I therefore call
him to order and object to his proceeding until
a vote of the Senate shall sanctify that practice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Nebraska to say
that what he did state he gathered from the
public papers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And he added that he
knew it, to be true personally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator stated that he knew it to be true, he
betrayed what was not the right of a Senator
to betray, which is the confidence of the exec-
utive session.
