1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
Mr. TIPTON. I will so modify that remark
as to say that the Senator from Nebraska now
says that what he has seen in the public press
upon that subject he has never himself seen
fit to question. Is not that parliamentary?
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question is not
whether what he now says is parliamentary,
but what hp has said.
Mr. TIPTON. The Senator from Nebraska
will consider himself reprimanded for all prac-
tical purposes, then, for the first remark, and
proceed as under the last ruling 
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has no right to pro-
ceed until ihe Senate gives him leave.
Mr. TRUMBULL. lwish to sayawordon
this question of order.
Mr. TIP TON. The question of order, I beg
to say, is decided.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decided the question of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether it is any question of order as to
wheiher a Senator speaks of a matter in ex-
ecutive session or not? Our rules provide the
modesof proceedingin such cases; and whether
it be a question of order is to me a doubtful
matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that for a violation of any one of the
rules of the Senate a Senator maybe called to
order; and that is one of the rules.
Mr. TUURMAN. Mr. President, I move
that the Senator from Nebraska have leave to
proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senator from Ne-
braska have'leave to proceed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will proceed.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, my heart has
been full of this subject from the first time the
threat was made or the intimation thrown out
that there was a power outside of the Sen-
ate that could control the destiny or the posi-
tion of members here; and I have thought
so much and so often upon this subject that,
though I may be found in error in the future,
1 certainly have not been in anything that 1
have yet said. 1 would be willing to accord to
many of the Senators who differ from me that
they have thought on the subject so much and
upon their side of the question that charity
would cause uie to suppose they really began
to believe it.
1, sir, stand here the humblest of all the
members of this Senate; but in a question of
my rights as a Senator, as a chairman of a
committee, no outside power can or shall ever
influence me or ever operate upon me without
my standing in my place here and denouncing
the actor, the aiders, and the abettors. I hold
that, so far as we are concerned, we have our
duties, under the Constitution of the United
States, to perform. While we would be glad
to be in accord with all mankind everywhere,
we certainly are not to be brought in subordin-
ation to any man's opinion simply when the
question is an unsettled question hi the courts
of law and in the courts of Chesterfieldian
etiquette as to who is in the right and who is
in the wrong. But that is not the case here.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
lias said, ''I disclaim utterly that I am so
antagonistic to the Secretary of State or the
President of the United States as that it should
beanyjust cause of complaint on the partof the
Senate." He has made that disclaimer here,
and repeated it. No man ever doubted his word,
and no man ever doubted his fidelity, and no
man ever doubted his high honor ; and yet the
same allegation is made and the charge is put
before the country. Notwithstanding the aver-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, who
is a man of truth and who understands some-
thing on thequestion, his opponents in this case
affirm that the converse of his proposition is
true. That, I apprehend, is not doing unto
42d Cong. 1st Sbss.—No. 4.
another as you would have him do unto you.
When he has made a disclaimer he gets no ben-
efit of the disclaimer, but he is held here as a
criminal in the dock to answer charges and
to hear the fulminations of the court without
the poor privilege of being considered sane, or
honest either.
Mr. President, this thing must come to an
end in the Republican party. We who have
been with it from the hour of its existence,
we who have stood by it under all circum-
stances, we who to-day are proud of its past
triumphs, proud of its present position, and
who yet regard its own fair fame, who regard
our own rights as Senators, will be able to dis-
criminate and able to divide between the men
that would merely do an act for the purpose
of aiding and perpetuating it and the men who
would strike it down, perhaps unwittingly, in
striking down its most revered, oldest, and
long-tried standard-bearer. In behalf' of my
constituency, I here wash my hands of this
whole matter; I here protest before the Son-
ate that, so far as I am concerned, I charge
now that 1 have always believed, since the
inception of this whole matter, that the war
was to be consummated, was to culminate,
and it was to be ascertained whether the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts or those
connected with the executive department
should triumph before the country. That is
a conviction of which I cannot get rid. If [
am in mistake, perhaps the facts will warrant
you in coming to such a conclusion ; but the
couviction is here, and the conviction is in the
country, and I can afford, therefore, with this,
my protest on the subject, to permit the ques-
tion to come to a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the resolu-
tion until to-morrow.
Mr. SCIIURZ, (at four o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the postponement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, before
the vote is taken on this question I desire to
say a word upon it.
When I entered the Senate, now sixtoen
years ago, there were in it but two persons
who have remained here consecutively since
that time until now. When the Republican
party came in'o power in 18(10, and ill this
body on the 4th of March, 18G1, by the with-
drawal of a sufficient number of Democrats
to give us the ascendency, wc met in caucus
to form our committees. Upon that occasion
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] was made chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, his colleague [Mr.
Wilson] was made chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and I had the
honor to be made chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. During the years that
have transpired sincc that- time these com-
mittees in their chairmanships have remained
the same. Through all the eventful period of
the last ten years no changes have been made.
It has been said that the Senate has a right
to form its committees and to change the chair-
men of its committees and alter them as it
pleases. No one questions this constitutional
right; but the Senate is a body of permanency ;
it is never dissolved. It has from its organiza-
tion at the beginning of the Government until
now, unlike the House of Representatives,
been always organized, two thirds of its mem-
bers always remaining, and its officers holding
over from session to session. Since the found-
ation of the Government we have had not
exceeding three or four Secretaries who have
sat at that table, and the usages of the Senate,
although they may be violated and changed,
have become almost as well established as the
principles of the common law. Though we
form our committees (unlike the House of Rep-
resentatives) at every session of the Senate—
they do not hold during the whole Congress,
but we form them at each session—it is well
known and understood by the older members
of the body that they are not substantially
changed; and from the time I entered the
Senate until to-day, no chairman of a commit-
tee of this body remaining in the Senate, has,
contrary to his own expressed wish, he being
in harmony with the majority of the Senate,
ever been changed.
Now, sir, what are we about to do? Not
what has been stated by the Senator from Ver-
mont, that the Senate makes a selection of its
committees and may arrange them as it pleases
without regard to its established usages and
customs. Why, sir, the rules of this body con-
sist in the usages of the Senate to a great
extent; and I am gratified that it is so. There
has always prevailed in this body, since I came
into it, that courtesy and forbearance and kind-
ness to each other that has enabled us to trans-
act the public business without fixed and arbi-
trary rules to compel Senators to pursue this
course or that. Half our business is done by
unanimous consent; and in tbe former days of
the Senate it was seldom indeed that the yeas
and nays were called upon any question. Now
we are about to change the usages of the body;
we are about to depose—call it by what name
you will—the chairman of one of the commit-
tees of this body. That is what we propose
to do.
It has been said that he was not the chair-
man at this session, that we met to arrange our
committees. True he was not, in a legal sense,
the chairman; but according to the custom and
usage of this body he was the chairman—a
usage that is violated now for the first time
under circumstances like these. So that, say
what you will about it, it is a removal and a
change ; and that is what wo are about to do.
Wherefore? Why is this change to be made ?
Mr. 110WE. Will the Senator allow me a
word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. With pleasure.
Mr. IIOWE. 1 wish simply to suggest to
the Senator from Illinois that in that sense—
the sense in which he uses the word depose—
the report here proposes to depose several
chairmen of committees. I cannot recall them
all; but I recollect that the chairman of the
Committee on Manufactures is deposed in the
sense in which the Senator from Illinois uses
the term ; the chairman of the Committee on
Agriculture is deposed. Tliere are other com-
mittees, the chairmen of which are deposed,
or proposed to be, in this report, in that sense ;
they are put at the head of other committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator had paid
close attention to what I said he would have
observed that I said this was the first instance
of its kind where, contrary to the wishes of the
Senator and where he was in accord with the
majority of the Senate, such a change had been
made. It has not been uncommon that mem-
bers have been taken from one committee and
made chairmen of other committees, the latter
being supposed to be a more desirable situa-
tion; sometimes the chairman of one commit-
tee is transposed to the chairmanship of another
committee. That has been done by the acqui-
escence arid sometimes at the suggestion of
the individual ; but that it has ever been done
against the will of the chairman of a committee
I have yet to learn.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
make one more suggestion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand him that
he was opposing this change on the ground
that it was against the will of the Senator from
Massachusetts. But in reference to both the
changes to which I have referred, I can only
say that, so far as I was concerned individu-
ally, I did not consult the gentleman who was
deposed from the Committee on Manufactures,
and I did listen to a very vehement protest
from the Senator who was deposed from the
Committee ou Agriculture against that meas-
