1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
proceeds upon the theory of taxation; and
whether this be only an implied, a construct-
ive, or a direct exercise of that power is not
important for the purposes of the question
which I put to the honorable Senator. I ask
him whether tlie committee considered, and
whether he has considered, how far there may
be a question whether this is the exercise of a
power of taxation confined to the modes per-
mitted by the Constitution of the United States,
or whether in any respect it transgresses any
of the modes of exercising that power? Per-
haps I ought to say, as a reason for my question,
".that the cases which have been decided in the
State of New York, for example, where there
is a statute of this sort, and the cases which
were decided in England upon very ancient
statutes, some of which still survive, like this,
have treated the question as if the taxing power
were one of the elements entering into it, or
one of the powers exercised.
I have a case lying before me now, decided
by the superior court of the city of New York
a few years ago, where a very considerable dis-
sertation takes place upon the question how
far in the adoption of such a statute the Legisla-
ture was exercising the taxing power, and how
far other powers, but that among others, i
have said enough to indicate to the Senator
anything that there may be in the questi'on.
I should be very glad to hear his view about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What did the court say
in the case you refer to?
Mr. CONKLING. I will state it hereafter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think, if my friendfrom
Vermont has not read the case—I have glanced
over the case in the New York State Reports 
Mr. CONKLING. 1 do not refer to the case
which I borrowed from the Senator. I refer
to a case decided in the superior court, a dif-
ferent case, where a different class of consti-
tutional questions were raised, not to the case
in which Judge Denio gave the opinion.
Mr. SIIEUMAN. I will inform the Sen-
ator from Vermont that Judge Denio, in an-
nouncing the opinion, as 1 understand, of the
court of appeals of the State of New York,
decided that the point now suggested by the
Senator from New York was not tenable, and
that the law was constitutional. It was claimed
that the law was not constitutional under the
provision of the Constitution of the United
States which forbade property to be taken
except by due process of law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am perfectly aware of
that. I am not altogether unfamiliar with the
decisions that have been made in reference to
this class of subjects, and in the State of New
York particularly, that State has gone further
on the subject of the taxing powers and of the
power of the Legislature to tax unequally, to
tax A and leave out B, than the Legislature
and courts of almost any other State in the
way of private improvements and all that.
But I will only say generally, (because, as I
have already remarked, I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate on this point,) in reply
to my friend from New York, that in my opin-
ion it does not involve, in the constitutional
sense, the taxing power as a primary power.
If by one definition of the term "tax" you
mean the raising equally from a particular
class of people in a particular locality of a
contribution to discharge some obligation or
duty which they owe, then of course in that
sense it is a taxing power; but the taxing
power in its primary and constitutional and
direct sense, referred to in the Constitution of
the United States and in the constitutions of
the several States, is quite a different thing.
The ground upon which this rests is entirely
separate from that. If it were not, I should
see no constitutional objection to it. But it is
quite a different thing; it is, given the legis-
lative and constitutional responsibility grow-
ing out of the structure of the Government
under these amendments and the duty of the
authorities of the localities to protect people
in the way and to the extent that the Constitu-
tion says they shall protect thetn, then it must
follow that he who refuses that protection or
denies it, be he a principality or a city, or a
nation, if you please, is bound, if there is any
value in the law at all, to make good the injury
which the citizen who is entitled to that pro-
tection suffers; in other words, to bear the
consequences of his own default. There is
nothing in a violation of law, there is nothing
in a default of the performance of public duty,
unless it is to be followed by punishment or
recompense, or both. That is all there is
to it.
If here is a right and a duty which slops
there, and which cannot be followed by any
powj^r that shall compel the protection of that
right, or the performance of that duly, then
the Constitution and the law in all cases is
sheer waste paper and government is at an
end. No, sir; that cannot be so. Where
ever there is a right to this protection; where
ever there is a duty on the part of a State, or
any of its organisms, to give this protection,
and it fails, as in the case under this section
of a tumult and riot, which it was the duty of
the county or municipality to have guarded
against and put down and have repressed,
then it must follow as an incident to that, and
as suitable and proper to that, in the judgment
of Congress, depending upon its judgment and
wisdom, that it may properly, in a constitu-
tional sense, (and its wisdom I do not stop to
argue at all, because it is so just that I think
it will commend itself to everybody,) it must
follow that Congress may provide that the
particular municipality charged with the duty
of preventing such riots and tumults shall
make good to the sufferer in some way the
consequence of its default, which has produced
the suffering to him. And therefore, coming
back now to the idea, or following out the idea,
of my honorable friend from New York, in
order to compel that performance, and as inci-
dent to it, and not as exercising any power
of taxation in its primary and constitutional
sense, the law says to these people, or the
courts say to them, in enforcing the perform-
ance of that duty, "You must pay this sum
which your negligence and default have caused
to be suffered by this man, and in order to pay
it you must raise it among yourselves equally
in some way or take it out of the common
stock that you have already accumulated for
municipal purposes." I think it is clearly the
necessary incident and consequence of the
responsibility which is imputed to municipal
corporations to repress difficulties of this char-
acter ; and to my mind, therefore, it is entirely
free from any doubt which may exist under the
terms of the constitutional power of taxation
in the sense in which it is generally used; and
even if it were, I confess I do not at this
moment see any objection to the provision.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if I may interrupt
my friend merely for the purpose"T>f under-
standing him, his idea is this, in part at least:
that counties, cities, and parishes, for exam-
ple, are existences which we know in the con-
stitutional sense, parties with which we may
deal directly, as bysaying " You, a parish, are
bound to preserve the peace and enforce the
provisions of the Constitution of the United
States, and when you fail so to do, we deal
with you directly." Wo do not deal with
States remitting them to their processes as
between their towns and themselves, but we
go at once by a short cut from ourselves to the
towns, the cities, and the parishes. Is not
that the answer which the Senator gives in
part.
Air. EDMUNDS. That comes pretty nearly
to it. Now, I will explain the residue of the
recommendation of the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. Before the Senator takes
his seal, if it does not interrupt him, I should
like to ask him to give his interpretation on
two points that may be considered hereafter.
The section provides—
That if .myliousp) tenement! cabin, slipps IjuUtlina,
barn, or granary, shall be unlawfully or feloniously
demolished, pulled down, burned, or destroyed,
wholly or in part, by any persons riotously anil
tumultuously assembled together, Aic.
The first thing I wish the Senator to explain
before he takes his seat, at his convenience—
I do not wish him to do it just now if it will
interrupt the course of his argument—is, how
many persons there must be. To constitute
a riot requires three persons; but what is a
" tumultuous assemblage" within the meaning
of this section ? That is the first thing I wish him
to explain. And the next thing that I wish him
to explain is this: this section provides for a
remedy against any county, city, or parish,
where the crime is committed in a county,
city, or parish. Now, every city is in some
county, and I believe every city is in some
parish. Against whom is the redress to be
sought? If the offense is committed in a city
is the city alone liable, although the city is a
part of the parish, or is the parish liable, or
may both be disregarded and the county be
sued ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. As to the first inquiry,
as to what "riotously and tumultuously as-
sembled together" means, I will refer my
friend to the elementary law books, which
say, as he has correctly stated, that there must
bo at least three persons to make a riotous
assemblage. It possesses a different nature if
there are only two. It takes three, as he says,
to make a riot. "Tumultuously "-is one of
those pleonasms in which the common law
and the statute law I think abound, which is
merely an aggravating description of a riot, as
for instance, with noise and with tumult——
Mr. CONKLING. With turbulent gestures.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With turbulent gestures,
as my friend suggests, the old language is.
Therefore I do not think that my friend from
Ohio need have much trouble as to what the
meaning of the word "tumultuously" is.
Mr. THURMAN. Then the number of
persons, if I understand the Senator's inter-
pretation, must be three?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THUIiMAN, The injury must be in-
flicted by at least three persons.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is, it must be a riot.
Mr. THURMAN. And "tumultuously" is
merely ornamental.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Tumultuously" is a
characterization of the nature of a riot, one of
its elements.
Mr. THURMAN. It must be a tumultuous
riot?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; and that, I will
say to my friend, he will see the committee
are not particularly responsible for ; neither is
the Senator who offered the amendment origin-
ally; because it is the form and phraseology that
is often adopted in old indictments, and we
observed the law in sticking to ancient phrase-
ology in that respect.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me until I answer the other question of the
Senator from Ohio as to the case where a
county, city, or parish might be combined.
My answer to that is one which 1 think he will
agree with entirely, and that is, if the offense
is committed in a city, which may still be
within a county, or within a parish, the city
alone is liable. Those words are to be taken dis-
tributively and as describing separate munici-
palities, as they are, although a city in a terri-
torial sense may be, and always is, for aught
I know, within the limits of a county. That
would be my answer to that.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I beg to ask one
further question. I understand the Senator to
say that if the offense is committed within the
limits of a city, the city alone is liable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is my opinion.
Mr. THUIIMAN. Now, suppose it is com-
mitted outside of a city but in a county. The
county embrapeB the eity wsdl as the outly-
