1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
always been the custom, and therefore time
#out ot mind, at the beginning of every new
Congress, a meeting of our political friends has
been held and these assignments have been
made.
Sometimesquestions have arisen of delicacy
which have given rise to debate and which have
been settled; but this has been the first time
in my political experience when a purely per-
sonal question, the decision of which by custom
and reason is confined to the dominant majority,
is brought to the Senate of the United States
and our political adversaries are called upon
to decide the controversy. That is a view of
it which I wish to present to Senators.
Not only that. So careful is the Senate in
this distribution of its personal members on
committees thatat this very session I. together
•with others composing a committee of the ma-
jority, appealed to the Democratic Senators
to assign their own members among the differ-
ent committees, giving to them their full pro-
portion according to their numbers in this body,
and they returned to us the assignment, made
among themselves, I suppose by some confer-
ence, and we never took the liberty in the
slightest degree of changing any man on that
list, but placed him where his friends had
assigned him.
Mr. President, it has come out here in dis-
cussion—it is a matter that I would not, deem
it proper to introduce here—that the political
majority of this body made the assignment of
the members of the majority, after full debate
and full consideration. I vviil here say, after
what has been already disclosed, that in that
conference the debate was not personal, but
full, kind, courteous, searching, and able, and
the whole question wa3 presented on both
sides. Now I say to my political friends here
that they have no right, according to my
opinion of those rules which govern political
bodies and political parties, to bring that con-
troversy, purely of a personal character, iuto
this body and call upon our Democratic adver-
saries to decide it. I am glad that they have
remained quiet and to this hour have not
opened their voice on the subject or taken any
part in this debate. It is a debate that should
have been in family council and not here in
the Stnate Chamber.
I admit that on a grave question of political
interest, involving the rights of States and
communities, involving great principles, 110
man is bound by what is called a party caucus,
no man is bound to sacrilice his principles or
yield his conviction or surrender the interests
of his State to a party dictation; but every
man is bound to surrender his own personal
feelings, his own personal position, his own
personal rank to the decision of a majority of
his political friends. And, sir, whenever that
decision is made known, every one, however
high may be his position, however great his
services, is bound by the common courtesies
which prevail in these political bodies to yield
at once. I feel sure that if a majority of my
political friends should say that I ought not to
serveaschairmanof theCommitteeon Finance,
they would have only to make that voice heard
in the gentlest terms in order to give me an
opportunity to make way for my successor.
1 feel it my duty to make this explanation
of the vote 1 shall give. I think I am bound
by the decision made after full debate upon
this mere personal point, involving only the
question whether the honorable Senator from
llassachusetts shall occupy the position of
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions or whether he shall occupy the position
of chairman of the Committee on Privileges
and Flections. But, sir, as we have been
drawn into this debate, in justice to myself—
and I call other Senators to witness the truth
of it—I do here repeat, what I have said in
•other places, that I regard this change as un-
justifiable, as impolitic, as unnecessary, and
that, no reason has been given which ought to
weigh, in my judgment, to induce the change.
I feel it necessary for my own personal con
sistency to say that while I shall vote to con-
firm the report which displaces the Senator
from Massachusetts from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, yet, after a full considera-
tion, and hearing all the arguments that have
been made, pro and con, there is no reason
which, in my judgment, should have induced
the majority to make this change.
Perhaps, sir, the older members of the
Senate who have been here during heat and
cold, during war and peace, although they
may have differed with each other, although
the tenor of their minds may separate them
on great and small political questions, are
bound together by a growing attachment on
account of this long period of service, an|l
they are bound together by sympathies,
although they may differ often. It is so some-
what with the Senator from Massachusetts and
myself. I have differed with him many times,
and sometimes with heat ; the tenor of our
minds has sometimes separated us ; but during
ten long years, especially duiing the period
of the war, his services were faithfully ren-
dered and were invaluable to this country,
and I will not surrender him or vote to sur-
render him unless compelled to do so by a
decision from which I cannot appeal. I will
not vote to surrender him because he may
differ with the Secretary of State or with the
President of the United States. Indeed, I
believe we ought to cultivate in this body
an absolute independence of executive dom-
ination, dictation, or authority. I do not say
that any has been exercised in this case.
I know that the President has exercised none
with the committee who reported this list. 1
do not believe he has ever said a word improp-
erly to any one to influence this decision. But,
sir, I would cultivate in the mind of every
Senator the idea that his place is not depend-
ent upon the executive will, that he does not
hold a Cabinet position from which he may be
turned out at any moment, but he holds a
place dependent only upon the judgment and
selection of a State, dependent only upon the
provisions of the Constitution of the United
States.
Therefore, sir, while I feel bound to utter
my opinion that this is an unwise proceeding,
made without sufficient cause, yet in my judg-
ment it ought not to be debated here. It is
settled ; and if my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, the senior Senator in this body,
wishes to add another good work in liis ser-
vices to his country and in his services to the
Repabliean party, he cannot do better than
rise in his place and say that if for any reason,
whether sufficient or insufficient, a majority of
his political associates think it is better for him
to retire from this position, he yields gracefully
to their wish ; and I tell him that anew chaplet
will crown his brow, and when his memoirs are
written this will be regarded as one of the
proudest opportunities of his life.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, on the ap-
peal of the Senator from Illinois 1 withdrew
the motion I made to postpone this matter
until to-morrow. I have reflected a few mo-
ments upon it, and I have come to the conclu-
sion that it is my duty to renew that motion
and to have a vote of the Senate upon it. I
want to give our friends an opportunity to sleep
on this until to-morrow, and then come here
and vote, and vote their deliberate judgment.
I renew the motion to postpone.
Mr. THURMAN". Mr. President, my col-
league remarked that the majority of the Sen-
ate had not changed the name of a Democrat
furnished by the Democrats for places on the
committees. That is very true. That remark
seems to imply that the minority should not
interfere with the choice made by the majority.
I grant there is force in that; but I beg leave
to remind him that the minority here have
made no motion, have said not one word ; and
the question whether we shall interfere either
by speech or by vote cannot arise until the
gentlemen of the majority shall tell us whether
they consider themselves bound by the caucus
decision. If they shall tell us that they do uot
consider themselves so bound, then we shall
have to vote on our own individual respons-
ibility. r
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, no one re-
grets more than myself the debate which has
occurred here this afternoon,- or the scene we
have witnessed. No one regrets more than
myself the unhappy differences which have led
to this debate. But, sir, the question is not
that which has to some extent been discussed
here, so far as Republicans are concerned.
As Republicans and as men owing allegiance
to. a party organization for the sake of its
principles, the question with us is not now as
to the propriety of the change that has been
made in the chairmanship of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, but whether we intend
to stand by the organization and the usages of
the Republican party. Whether that change
was wisely made in the convention of the Re-
publican Senators that has been alluded to I
will not now consider. According to the usages
of the party that is past; and as I hold the
Republican party superior in importance to
any man who is a member of it, I intend to
stand honestly and in good faith by its organ-
ization.
Sir, this is a Government of parties. Every
free Government is a Government of parties.
Parties cannot exist without organization.
Organization cannotexistexcept by convention
and byconcertofaction. Usually the principles
of a party are determined by its platform. But
however that may be, the nominations for of-
fice of a party are determined by conventions,
and unless that is done a party cannot exist as
an organization. It is done by the Republican
party; it is done by the Democratic party. As
the convention of Republican Senators has
been alluded to, I may speak of it. We met,
according to the usages of the party, as I am
informed according to the usages of the Sen-
ate ever since there has been a Republican
party, both before it came into the majority
and after it was in the majority, and in accord-
ance with this time-honored usage we held our
convention.
I am informed that our Democratic friends
held theirs, and agreed upon the names that
should be put upon the respective committees;
that tbey handed in the list to the chairman of
the committee in the Republican convention,
and that the names were put on the commit-
tees in accordance with their determination.
Such has been the action on both sides, and
such has been the usage $f our party from the
time of its first existence. That usage has its
foundation in the existence of parlies, and in
the conviction of men that parties cannot be
maintained without organization, without con-
cert, and without conventions for these pur-
poses.
Now, sir, these conventions will fail in their
purpose unless they are carried out in good
faith. Good faith lies at the very foundation
of every nomination that may be made; for
where is the use of making nominations for
committees, or for President of the United
States, or for a member of Congress, unless
upon the basis of good faith? Good faith is
implied of all parties that enter into such a
convention. Whenever I go into a convention
of Iiepublican Senators, or into a State con-
vention in my State, or into a national con-
vention, I silently give my pledge that I
will honorably abide by the decision of that,
convention, though it may be against my
personal wishes and choice; it may even be
against my convictions of right; but, so far as
all personal considerations are concerned, I
give my solemn pledge that I will abide by its
action. If I do not, I have no place in it; and
if before the actiou is fiually determined I
conceive in my own mind that I cannot abide
by its action, it is my duty to walk out of it,
announce that I separate myself from it, and
