1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
of San Domingo to the United States, I believe
his position is eminently just, proper, and pa-
triotic. I believe that that is tlie greatest of
all pending political questions, and I am as
much in opposition to that annexation as the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts is. His
services to his country in the exposition of
that outrageous measure and in its denuncia-
tion have forced from me my admiration and
gratitude to bim. It is because he occupies
the position that my reason and my heart ap-
prove in relation to that measure that I feel
sympathy for him now. and especially in rela-
tion to his position as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I believe he
could render more service to the country in
that position in the defeat of that measure
than any man in the United States could ren-
der. Therefore I 6hali vote against all prop-
ositions, direct and indirect, to depose him
from that high and responsible, and, as I deem
to the country, most useful position. I shall,
therefore, vote against this resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. Is the resolution open to
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is open to amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to prolong
this debate. I have been a very attentive lis-
tener to this discussion. While I shall not
affect to class the pain it has given me with
that which very many gentlemen of the dom-
inant majority in this Chamber have suffered,
at the same time I believe I have been made
painfully aware of what is the real matter in
dispute ; and being desirous of becoming some-
what a participator in this most painful con-
troversy, 1 offer the following amendment for
the consideration of the Senate:
That the title of the committee heretofore known
as the Committee on Foreign Eolations be changed
to the Committee on Personal Relations.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Delaware.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest, as an amend-
ment to that amendment, '1 and that the chair-
man of said committee be Mr. Bayard, of
Delaware;" so as to take the question alto-
gether. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. What is the proposition?
I did not hear the Senator's amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment I sug-
gest to the amendment, and I believe it is in
order, is to add, " and that the chairman of
said committee be Mr. Bayard, of Delaware."
Mr. THURMAN. That is the most sen-
sible motion I ever heard the Senator make.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont move that as an amend-
ment to the amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir ; I suggest it for
the consideration of my Democratic friends.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question recurs on the adoption of the resolu-
U°Mr. THURMAN. Onevword; I do not
wish to make a speech. I wish simply to
explain my vote. As I said before, I acknowl-
edge fully the right of the majority to select
the members of their committees. There may
be occasions, however, when that right ought
not to be entirely acquiesced in. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has stated
to the Senate that this programme of the com-
mittees has not received the sanction ot the
majority of the Republican members of the
Senate, and that statement is not denied.
That might absolve us. But believing with the
Senator from Kentucky that here is a change
at the dictation of the Executive, I fee! bound
to vote against this resolution, although other-
■wise it is entirely satisfactory to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a word in
reply to my friend from Ohio. He seems to
base his action upon the statement of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, that this action of the
Republicans was not by a majority of the Re-
publican members of the Senate, which state-
ment he says has not been denied. The answer
to that is that the Senator from Massachusetts,
in making such a statement, has undertaken,
contrary to that confidential fidelity that belongs
to private intercourse between Senators, to
state what he supposes to be a fact. I do not
feel at liberty, for one, to contradict it or ad-
mit it, for the reason that in doing either I
should be guilty, with my judgment of such
things, of stating what it was not honorable
for me to state.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I understand
the position of the honorable Senator from
Vermont then to be simply this: that there is
honor among thieves. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMONDS. I will leave that to my
friend from Kentucky.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 9 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs, Ames, Anthony, Borcman, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Chandler, Colo, Conkling. Corbett,
Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Hitchcock,.Howe,
Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson. Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Stewart. West, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bliiir, Casserly,. Cooper, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Kelly, Steven-
son, Thurman. and Vickers—'J.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Came-
ron, Carpenter, Cragiu, Ferry of Connecticut, Gil-
bert, Hamilton, Hill, Kellogg, Logan. Morrill of
Maine, Patterson, Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury, Sehurz,
Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Wilson, and Windom—25.
So the resolution was adopted ; and the list
of committees proposed by Mr. Howe was
agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that when the
Senate adjourns (though I believe an execu-
tive session is desired first) it be to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Several executive messages were received
from the'President of the United States, by
Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After thirteen minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened,
and (at six o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 10, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved,
member sworn in.
Mr. DUELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. My colleague, Hon. Milo Goodrich.
Representative from the twenty-sixth district
of New York, was not in attendance at the
organization of the House on Saturday j he is
now here, and I move that he be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
Mr. Goodrich will be sworn in.
There was no objection.
Accordingly, Mr. Goodrich appeared and
duly qualified by taking the oath of office pre-
scribed by the act of July 2, 1802.
public buildings and grounds.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That Rule 74 be so amended as to make
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
consist of nine members; and that Rule 9o be so
amended as to include within the jurisdiction of
that committee all the public buildings constructed
by the United States.
HOMESTEADS FOR. SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. II. No. 10) to enable hon-
orably discharged soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
when appointed, and ordered to he printed.
animals for breeding purposes.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 3) con-
struing the act of July 14, 1870, entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," so as to provide for the admission of
animals specially imported for breeding pur-
poses free of duty from the Dominion of Can-
ada ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to have the joint
resolution put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the paragraph of section twenty-one of an
act entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July 14,
1870, relating to the admission of animals spe-
cially imported for breeding purposes free of
duty from beyond seas shall not be construed
to prevent the importation of such animals free
of duty from the Dominion of Canada.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly,read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr.. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. II) to abolish the
franking privilege; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads when appointed.
repeal oe income TAX.
Mr. HILL also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 12) to repeal the
income tax ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means when appointed.
land subsidies.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a privileged question,
but yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] to present a resolution from
the Legislature of his State.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to present a joint resolution from the Legis-
lature of the State of Pennsylvania, relative
to the granting of land subsidies by the Gen-
eral Government. I also ask that it be read,
and that it be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the public domain, which is the natural
inheritance of the pepplo, is fast diminishing by the
continual granting oi land subsidies to railroad and
other corporations; and whereas the continuance
of sneh a policy is calculated to impair the interests
and welfare of the poorer classes of the country:
srcforc
lie it resolved bj the Sennte and Home of Represent-
atives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in Gen-
eral Assembly met. That our Senators in Congress bo
instructed and our Representatives be requested to
oppose the further passage of laws granting subsidies
of public lands to railroad companies or corpora-
tions under any pi etext wbi/tever.
And be it further resolved, Tnat the Governoi be
requested to forward a copy of the foregoing ."solu-
tion to each Senator and Representative of tbis Com-
monwealth in the Congress of theljnitcd. States, with
a request to present the same to their respective
b0dlCS' JAMES II. WEBB,
Speaker of the llnuee of Hepresmtahven.
WILLIAM A WALLACE
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved, the 1st day of>YN0\ w!geIW.
