1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
ernment beyond our authority. The Govern-
ment of the United. States ought not to un-
dertake to suppress riots or disorderly or
tumultuous assemblages unless they aim at
an authority conferred or a right secured by
the Constitution of the United States. I admit
that very freely; but it seems to me that these
words " or by reason of his race, color, or
previous condition of servitude," do not am-
plify but rather give a direction to the previous
words. No man can be deprived of his right
to vote by reason of his race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude. No man can be
deprived of the right to the equal protection
of the laws by reason of his race, color, or
previous condition of servitude. Therefore,
when we declare that if these riots aim to
deprive any person of rights conferred on him
by the Constitution or laws of the United
States, we as a matter of course embrace the
other, include the other, and all these words
do is to give point and direction to the general
language.
Now, does the Senator from Illinois say
that any State may, by reason of a man's
color, deprive him of the equal enjoyment of
the laws? Do I understand the Senator t'o
pay that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. SHEHMAN. Then how do these words
enlarge it? If a mob undertakes to prevent a
negro man or any class of citizens from exer-
cising a right conferred by the Constitution
and laws of the United States merely because
he is a negro man, because he is of the African
race, or because of his color, then it is clearly
within the power of the Government of the
United States to protect that man against this
tumultuous or lawless violence.
Mr. TllUAIBULL. Then, why, let me ask
the Senator from Ohio, if that is the meaning
- he gives to the phrase '' equal protection of the
laws''—why may you not punish a riot for any
purpose whatever? How does it differ when
you say that the riot is committed not in ref-
erence to voting—I leave that out—but any
other riot on account of race or color?
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to that is
very obvious. We all enjoy a great multitude
of rights that aro not conferred by the Consti-
tution of the United States, and this language
is very carefully worded so as to limit it essen-
tially to those rights conferred by the Consti-
tution of the United States: "deprive any
person of any right conferred on him by the
Constitution."
Mr. TllUMBULL. That is not in reference
to color. There are two clauses; the first
punishes the offense of depriving a person of
a right secured to him by the Constitution.
That is one thing. The.other clause punishes
an offense depriving a person of a right by
reason of liis race or color, not by reason of its
being secured to him by the Constitution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I regard those words sim-
ply as giving point and direction, not as ampli-
fying) as falling within the general clause which
precedes them and as pointing distinctly to the
fifteenth amendment, where the words them-
selves have become part of our fundamental
law, and will no doubt have legitimate con-
struction fromtime to time by the courts. Those
words were intended to cover all the cases
secured by the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments, so that no man should be deprived of
his rights under either the fourteenth or fif-
teenth amendments without having the guard-
ianship and care and protection of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
In my judgment, and I venture this as a
prediction, whether this shall receive the sanc-
tion of the Senate or not, this law, if passed,
will have as healthy an effect as it had in Eng-
land, and as it has had in all history. Let
the people of property in the southern States
understand that if they will not make the hue
and cry and take the necessary steps to put
down lawless violence in those States their
property will be holdeu responsible, and the
effect will be most wholesome. That is the
law in nearly all the States of New England ;
it is the law in the best regulated communities
of this country; it is the law in Europe, in
many portions of the continent, I am told,,
although I am not familiar with the laws there
myself; certainly it is the law of England'. It
connects the property of the county with the
necessity of preserving the people against law-
less and tumultuous violence. This does not
make the county responsible for mere assas-
sination, mere individual acts of outrage and
wrong and crime; it is oniy where the wrong
is done by a tumultuous assemblage, in the
old English term, where it is riotous, where it
is done with open violence, so as to attract
the attention of the whole community and
spread fear and terror, so that every man round
about knows what is going on. Then it is the
duty of every man to spring to the rescue with
gun, or club, or anything he has, and, to use
the old English words, by hue and cry to pur-
sue the rioters.
If the property-holders will not do it; if, as
in the southern States the property-holders
will lay there quiet on their farms and see
these outrages go on day by day ; if property-
holders will shut their doors when they hear
the Ku Klux riding by to burn and slaughter;
if they will not rise in their might, and, with
the influence which property always gives in
any community, put down these lawless fel-
lows, I say let them be responsible.
In my judgment, this section will do more
to put down this class of outrage in the South,
and to secure to every man that which the Con-
stitution gives him, than all the criminal stat-
utes you can put on the statute-book, all the
threats of indictment you can make against
him, all the threats of suits. Why, sir, what
do these men who go around, most of them
young men without property, care for a suit
in the courts of the United States for damages
in the name of some negro man who has been
whipped? Nothing at all. What do they care
for an indictment when they have four chances,
even if clearly proved, to be acquitted ? But
when you have a suit against a county, you
have no grand jury by whom it is necessary to
find an indictment; you have no sympathy in
favor of the county even in the county where
these outrages are committed ; you will have
a sympathy in favor of the plaintiff who has
been wronged, and I have no doubt you will
be able to enforce a remedy.
Without detaining the Senate any longer on
this subject, I am perfectly willing, for one, to
leave it to the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I was
unable to concur in the report of the confer-
ence committee, and I desire briefly to state
the grounds of my dissent. I know that Sen-
ators aro weary of this debate, and I do not
propose to prolong it. The report of the con-
ference committee proposes four amendments
to the bill as it passed the Senate.
I object to three of the amendments which
this report adopts. The amendment to the
second section of the bill I pass over. I think
the committee have obviated the objection
made to that section creating an offense for
the destruction of the property of a marshal
by limiting tile liability to injuries occurring
while the marshal is in the actual discharge
of his official duty. I do not, however, concur
in the recommendation of adherence to the
amendment to the fourth section proposing
that the provisions of that section shall con-
tinue until the end of the next regular session
of Congress, instead of the 1st day of June,
1872, which was the limitation fixed by the
House of Representatives in the original bill.
I should have been very glad if the chairman
of the conference committee had explained
to the Senate the reason for adhering to this
amendment. This section, as it is well known,
confers upon the President of the United
States the right to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus. At any time and under any circum-
stances the suspension of this writ is a most
extraordinary power. The Commons of Eng-
land, centuries ago, took from the Crown the
arbitrary right to seize the property of the sub-
ject, or withdraw his personal liberty from the
guardianship of the judicial tribunals. The
framers of our Constitution took from that
great petition of right this writ of habeas cor-
pus and incorporated it into our fundamental
law as a protecting safeguard of personal lib-
erty. It was made perpetual, and its suspen-
sion placed by our lathers beyond the power
of Congress except in cases of invasion or
rebellion. The right of suspending that writ
is, under the provisions of this section, to be
intrusted to the President of the United States
in a hypothetical case which may occur. The
popular branch of Congress, appreciating the
danger of such an enactment, limited it to the
1st day of June, 1872.
Why was that date stricken out? Why insert
theendofthe next regular session of Congress,
instead of a fixed day, as the limitation of this
extraordinary and arbitrary power ? No reason
has been assigned for this amendment by the
honorable Senator from Vermont. I insist
that the words "the next regular session of
Congress" can legitimately be made to extend
to the 3d of March, 1873. How ? The major-
ity have only to take recesses from time to
time in order to extend the regular session of
Congress until its constitutional expiration, 3d
March, 1873. If gentlemen intend and have
so determined that this provision authorizing
the suspension of habeas corpus and other ex-
traordinary powers shall stand until after the
next presidential election, let them say so in
plain terms. Do not attempt to conceal it by
ambiguous terms. The people have a right to
know why and to what limit of time this writ
shall remain suspended. I therefore objected to
this amendment, and prefer the 1st day of June,
1872, as the period when the powers conferred
by the fourth section shall cease. If, however,
the majority have determined that these extra-
ordinary powers shall continue until the next
presidential election shall have taken place,
why then insert 3d March, 1873.
My nest objection to this report is to the
fifth section of the bill. That section has
been amended by repealing the first section
of the act of June 17, 1862, proscribing the
test-oath to jurors. It will be remembered
that the Senate first voted to repeal the whole
of that law by a very decided vote, subse-
quently adopted, but not until the honorable
Senator from New York insisted that the test-
oath prescribed by that act was merely optional
with the court, and was not imperative in its
terms.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky allow me to interrupt him
a moment to correct him?
Mr. STEVENSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The issue between me
and the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thuuman] was, whether the provision of theaet
requiring the oath, and that alone, was man-
datory or permissory, whether it was optional
or peremptory. I said that it was optional,
addressed to the discretion of the district attor-
ney who should move, and of the court who
should grant his motion, that the oath be
administered; and so the fact is beyond all
question. Thereupon I was answered that the
previous section of the act permitted as a cause
of principal challenge certain grounds, which
I had in no manner discussed, in no manner
affirmed or denied, the issue, and the whole
of it being, as to me, whether the provision
of the act proposing an oath to a juror—not a
challenge,, but an oath—was peremptory or
whether it was optional.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from
Kentucky allow me one moment?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
