1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
Mr. FARNSWORTH. When was the addi-
tional Attorney General provided for ?
Mr. DAWES. About a month ago, by an
act of Congress, reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary of this House, creating the
office of Assistant Attorney General.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DAWKS. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. Why is it that these numerous
appropriations now necessary to be made were
not made at the proper time and in the regular
appropriation bills?
Mr. DAWES. I was just stating the exact
reason. Does my friend want me to repeat
every word I said?
Mr. KERR. 1 have been listening to the
gentleman. He has thus far informed^ the
House that certain things " dropped out'' of
the appropriation bills. I want to know how
and why they dropped out.
Mr. DAWES. I will begin again. The first
item did not get into any of the appropriation
bills because the necessity for it did not exist
until the bills passed out of the House.
The second item is a deficiency created in
the contingent,fund of the House of Represent-
atives by resolutions of this House voting
gratuities to gentlemen not entitled to seats in
tkis-House.
The third item is for the salary of an Assist-
ant Attorney G-eneral, an office created by a
statute reported from the gentleman's own
committee sifter the appropriation bills had
passed the House.
The fourth item, if T recollect rightly the
order of the appropriations, is for salaries of
officers of the sub Treasuries at Baltimore, at
Cincinnati, and at one or two other places.
This item was in the bill as it was reportedto
the House and as it passed the Senate. The
bill was referred to a conference committee, the
chairman of which is not now a member of this
House. After the adoption of the conference
report we found that this appropriation had
been omitted from the bill. As the gentleman
who was chairman of the conference committee
on the part of the House is not now a member
of tins body and has gone to his home, I am
unable to state the reason for the omission of
tlie appropriation, Hut the sub-Treasury at
Baltimore is found to be wilhoutany provision
for the next, year, and such a provision is
inserted in this bill. I believe 1 have now
referred to all the items.
Mr. COX. I wish to say ono word. These
bills are of course unfortunate for the gentle-
man and bis administration.
Mr. DAWES. Not at all.
Mr. COX. It seems that all these appro-
priations, except one item, were dropped out
of the proper bills at the last session. I do
not charge my friend from Massachusetts with
lack of vigilance or care; but there is some
deficiency on that side of the House beyond
the pecuniary deiiciency, and I hope my fiiena
■will hereafter make provision for the moral
and intellectual and economical deficiencies
which occur on that side of the House.
Mr. DAWES. When my friend from New
York is capable of understanding plain Eng-
lish he will not be at a loss to perceive tne
occasion of these deficiencies.
Mr. COX. My friend knows very well 
Mr. DAWES. I have the floor.
Mr. COX. I see you have.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I ask the gentleman
to take notice of it. I have stated to the House
that every one of these items, except one,
has been rendered necessary by the passage of
laws after the regular appropriation bills had
been sent, from this House to the other branc.1.
Mr COX. Who is responsible for that?
Mr! DAWES. It is no fault of any mem-
berVf the last House of Representatives that
theee matters were not embraced in the regu-
lar appropriation bills. I have repeated my
statement three times, and to any ordinary
apprehension it would l?e perfectly plain.
Mr. COX. To any ordinary apprehension
a deficiency bill is always wrong, as the gen-
tleman knows. A deficiency bill is wrong in
principle and wrong in detail) and somebody
ought to challenge all such bills.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, who has the
floor?
Mr. WOOD. This discussion has proceeded
by unanimous consent, and I object to its con-
tinuance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand that the debate is proceeding by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WOOD. I yielded to the gentleman
from Massachusetts merely that he might
introduce his bill and have it passed without
discussion.
The SPEAKER. That was not so under-
stood. The gentleman from Massachusetts
asked unanimous consent to introduce a bill,
and there was no objection. It would be an
extraordinary course to introduce an appro-
priation bill and forbid discussion upon it.
The Chair would not so construe any arrange-
ment unless it were specifically provided.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the House will pass the
bill and proceed to more important business.
Mr. DAWES. I want to quiet, my distin-
guished friend from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
He has no occasion to be constantly finding
fault in this way with the action of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It is not from any
omission on the part of that committee or of
the House that the passage of this bill becomes
necessary. I always endeavor, in my inter-
course with the gentleman from New York, as
with others, to be perfectly plain and candid ;
and I ask as much from liitn.
Mr. COX. One word more, in perfect kind-
j ness. It is the duty of a constitutional Oppo-
' sit,ion here to challenge all these bills, just as
much as it is the duty of one lobe of the gen-
tleman's brain to challenge the other when he
is making up his judgment,. My criticism was
made in the best spirit. My friend knows that
these deficiency bills have grown upon us.
They are wrong in principle. Congress ought
to provide in advance for nearly all these con-
tingencies. Jt, is only the direst emergency that
will justify bills of this character; and it is
my right and my duty, as a member of this
House, to challenge these matters in detail.
In doing so in this instance I have done noth-
ing more than my duty; and I paid the gentle-
man a compliment for his vigilance which he
has not returned in kind.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman propose
that we shall anticipate laws before they are
Pd,Mr.dNIBLACK. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, I desire to say a
word. I recognize the duty of the Opposition
to oppose everything that needs opposition;
but 1 do think that good taste, as well as suc-
cess in the enterprise itself, should suggest
there ought to be some discrimination in our
opposition. When I make opposition I wish
to discriminate.
Mr. COX. How does the gentleman know
what the bill contains until he challenges it?
Mr. Nf BLACK. I did know what was m it.
Mr. COX. Why did you not say so?
Mr. NiBLACK. You did not give me a
chance to get in. „ . ,
Mr. TAFFE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That the sum of $25 000, appropriated by ail act
approved March 3, T8ii9, for the purchase of a site
"nd the erection thereon of a post office and court-
houso building in Omaha,, Nebraska, the same bem„
unexpended. '« hereby revived and reappropnated
for said purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must challenge
that appropriation.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask to make a statement,
for a single moment. Twenty-five thousand jj
dollars were appropriated for the purchase of a
site. The city of Omaha paid for the site and ,!
gave it to tlie Government, This passed the 'j
Houseasantiaexpeiidedbalar.ee; butallunex-
pended balances were stricken out in the Sen-
ate ; and, as the House will remember, we had
to accept the bill as a whole, or else lose it,.
If this amendment be not adopted this money
will pass back into the Treasury and the build-
ing will have to stop.
"Mr. DAWES. This makes no new appro-
priation ; but under the law, unless we make
this provision, this unexpended balance will
revert to the Treasury.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the building
been commenced?
Mr. DAWES. It has.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And the site has been
purchased ?
Mr. DAWES. The site has been purchased
and the appropriation made. As I have said,
if we do not pass this the unexpended balance
of $25,000 will go into the Treasury under a
standing law.
Mr. TAFFE. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous ques-
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider all votes
heretofore taken to day ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on. the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. WOOD. Let us have the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen ask
unanimous consent to introduce and refer bills.
Mr. WOOD. We have exhausted nearly an
hour with an unnecessary delay. I suppose
we all desire to offer bills for reference and res-
olutions for adoption.. -But let us first repeal
the duty on coal, and then we can proceed to
that business in regular order.
Mr. BECK. I wish to call up my motion to
reconsider on the bill for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities.
Mr. HALE. I move to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
bill to repeal the duty on salt.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky having the floor, his motion must first be
PUMr. BECK. I do not desire to discuss the
bill over five minutes. I yield to. the gentle-
man from Maine. . .
Mr. HALE. Before moving to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
T wish to move that the five minutes debate be
limited to fifteen minutes, when the vote shall
be taken.
Mr. BECK. I do not desire to lose my
place. At the same time I would not antago-
nize the wishes of the House; and I do not
object to this bill being taken up, on the under-
standing that I shall be recognized immedi-
ately afterward, before any other business is
entered upon.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Tne latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes G J, noes 72.
