762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. THURMAN. My friend from New
York is mistaken if he supposes that I ever
made any issue with him as to the second
section of that act,
Sir. CONKLING. On the contrary, if the
Senator will allow me, I understood, while I
was affirming an undoubted fact in reference
to the second section, the Senator from Ohio
answered once or twice about the first section
as if I had affirmed something in regard to
that, which I repeatedly assured him I had not;
that I was talking about the oath, and not
about the challenge.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, not to interrupt
the Senator from Kentucky too long, there
were several Senators who said here, side-bar,
that if that act which it was proposed to repeal
made the disabilities spoken of in the act ab-
solute causes for exclusion from the jury-bos,
then they would vote for the hill just as it came
from the House of Representatives on that
question; they would vote to repeal the act;
and that made me so solicitous that the Senate
should understand the question; that there
were two sections in the act, the first of which
created certain principal causes of challenge,
and which any party in any civil suit might
avail himself of, and as to which the court had
no discretion whatsoever; that the principal
challenge, if made at all, must be sustained;
but the second section related to suits, in
which the United States was a party perhaps,
or whether it did or not, it only furnished a
means of ascertaining whether or not a juror
was disqualified.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I had
no idea of attributing to the Senator from New
York a mistake in his construction of the stat-
ute ; but I still assert that although the Sen-
ator's construction now is exactly the one he
advanced the other day, his assertion that the
test-oath was not peremptory did induce a
change of opinion in the Senate, as I have a
right to infer from a retention of this act after
a previous vote a few moments before to repeal
it. The Senate evidently concurred with the
Senator from New York that the test-oath was
discretionary as to both sections.
Now, Mr. President, although the first sec-
tion of the act of June 17, 1862, has been
stricken out by the committee, I trust that the
Senate will still not concur in the report by
retaining the second section of that law. The
Senate have already refused the boon of am-
nesty to the South. They are about to enact
this law, the most stringent ever passed, and
containing powers never before attempted to
be cxercised by any Congress. Why continue
to oppress the people of the South by continu-
ing this test-oath to jurors, and thus place
them, as the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Robertson"] said the other day, in a position
that intelligent and upright men cannot be
allowed to sit upon juries, where the people
of that downcast section shall not have justice
administered by intelligent and impartial jurors.
I do not think the hardship of this test-oath
to jurors is obviated by leaving its administra-
tion discretionary with the judge. In my own
State I have rarely ever saen this test-oath
applied. 1 have no fear of it in the Common-
wealth of Kentucky. I should be willing to
intrust this discretion to the Federal judge
there. But, sir, we forget history and discard
the lessons of the past if we do not know that
party judges have existed and will always exist;
and I am therefore unwilling to place undue
power in the hands of any judge or district
attorney by which an absolute denial of the
impartial administration of justice can occur,
as we have heard would be the case in South
Carolina and other southern Stales, by depriv-
ing them of qualified jurors, if this test-oath is
continued to be applied. I invoke the Senate
to wipe away this unjust enactment, and give
the gallant and noble southern people this evi-
dence ot your confidence and regard. My word
for it, you will never regret it.
But, sir, I come to the last and the most ob-
jectionable of all these sections. It was the
seventh section of the original bill, and is now
the sixth section. I assert, without fear of
contradiction, that no accredited case can be
found in which the punitive liability sought
to be applied in this section has ever been
sustained, either by principle or by authority.
The honorable Senator from Ohio seeks to
sustain it upon the authority of early English
statutes. He cites the statute of Winchester,
in which where a robbery was committed, if a
hue and cry was not raised and the robber was
not arrested, the hundred was held responsible.
If the felon was caught no liability attached.
If he was not arrested, then the hundreders
were liable to an action. The honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio will, upon examination, find
that his amendment rendering a city, a county,
or a parish liable finds no support in the Eng-
lish law. The statute of Winchester did not
create a forfeiture because of the commission
of any act; it was for the non-performance
of a corporate duty. The Senator from Ohio
will find many cases where municipal corpora-
tions have been held liable for injuries result-
ing from the omission of corporate duties.
He cited a New York case, where a city was
held liable for property destroyed by a mob.
Numberless cases are to be found where a
statutory liability has been created against
municipal corporations for injuries resulting
from a neglect of corporate duty. The lia-
bility of a city for property destroyed by a
mob results from statutory enactment. I cite
the gentleman to the case of Prather vs. City
of Lexington, (13 Ben. Monroe's Kentucky
Reports, page 560,) where the court say:
"Where a particular act. operating injuriously to
an individual, is authorised by a municipal corpor-
ation, by a delegation of power either general or
special, itwill be liable for the injury in its corpor-
ate capacity, where the acts done would warrant a
like action against an individual. But as a general
rulea corporation is not responsible 1'or the unau-
thorized and unlawful acts of its officers, although
done under the color of their office; to render it
liable it must appear that it expressly authorized
the acts to be done by them, or that they were done
in pursuance of a general authority to act for the
corporation, on the subject to which they relate.
(Thayer vs. Boston, 19 Pick., 511.) It has also been
held that cities are responsible to the same extent,
and in the same manner, as natural persons for in-
juries occasioned by the negligence orunskillfulness
of their agents in the construction ofworks for their
benefit. (Ross vs. City of Madison, 1 Smith, 68;
Mayor of Memphis vs. Lasser, 9 Hump., 757.) And
where a city corporation is bound to keep the streets
and sewers of the city in proper repair, it is liable to
damages if any person be injured by its neglect to
have such repairs made. (The Mayor, kc., vs.
Furze, 3 Hill, 61^; Mayor of Lynn vs. Turner,
Cowp., S6.)" * % * -a
" We know of no principle of law that subjects a
municipal corporation to a responsibility tor the
safety of the property within its territorial limits;
nor has any case been cited in which such a princi-
ple has been recognized or established. If such a
liability exist, what is its nature and extent ? Does
it afford protection against the acts of the incen-
diary and the midnight depredator, or only against
the violence of a lawless mob ? If against the lat-
ter only, and not against the acts of the others,
whence arises the distinction? All the acts may be
alike injurious, and if the corporation must secure
the property of its members, in all events, against
all unlawful violence, there is no room for discrim-
ination, but a similar liability would exist in eaoh
of the cases mentioned. There is nothing in the
nature or design of a municipal corporation that
imposes such a duty upon it. The chief purpose of
such an institution is the adoption of such measures
of police as will promote the comfort, convenience,
and general weliare of the inhabitants within the
city, and by local laws, adapted to the condition of a
dense population, to impart efficiency to the local
government."
This amendment wholly ignores the munici-
pal liability created by the omission of direct,
absolute corporate duty. We are now, for the
first time, presented w'ith an enactment which
undertakes to create a corporate liability for
personal injury which no prudence or foresight
could have prevented. Upon what principle is
such an enactment to stand?
But, Mr. President, this amendment is
clearly unconstitutional. If it is attempted to
be carried out it will destroy the municipal
government of every city and the local gov-
ernment of every county where this liability is
created ; and how? This section provides not
only that this liability shall be created against a
county, city, or paiish " by execution, attach-
ment, mandamus, garnishment, or any other
proceeding in aid of execution, or applicable
to the enforcement of judgments against mu-
nicipal corporations," but the judgment itself
is to be a lien, not only upon the municipal
property, but "upon all moneys in the treas-
ury of such county, city, or parish" which the
coffers of such treasury contain. Let a judg-
ment be recovered against any of our cities in
the East or West and a lien is by this amend-
ment created not only upon the municipal prop-
erty of such city, but upon every dollar in the
city treasury. The credit of the city, the means
to discharge its contracts and its most solemn
obligations are by the operation of this act to
be applied to such judgment.
I have heard no reason for such a lien. If
carried out to its full extent, it must prove
utterly destructive of the State municipalities!
And whence does the Federal Government
derive its power in any manner or form to
touch the revenues of the State governments
o/ any of its agencies? What clause of the
Constitution of the United States confers the
power on Congress to touch the revenue or prop-
erty of the States? I hope the distinguished
chairman will explain to us the clause in the
Constitution of the United States which justi-
fies this attempted lien on the corporate prop-
erty of the States?
I am sure that no authenticated case can be
found in England or America where any mu-
nicipal, statutory liability has ever been created
for a private wrong or injury, unless upon the
principle of malfeasance or neglect on the part
of the municipality. It can find no safe sup-
port on any other basis. Is it possible for any
city, is it possible for any county, is it possi-
ble for any parish to foresee what the midnight
incendiary may do, or what bad men may do
upon the eve of an election, secretly and clan-
destinely in combination? And yet in that
very case it is proposed to hold the city itself
liable. Why not render it liable for any act
of violence?
I pass over all verbal criticism. I assume
now, iti the broadest sense, if you please, that
a house, tenement, cabin, shop, building,
barn, or granary is unlawfully or feloniously
demolished, pulled down, burned, or destroyed
by persons riotously and tumultuously assem-
bled together, that upon the eve of an election
three or four bad men get together and go
from Ohio to Kentucky, commit violence, I
utterly and confidently deny the power of the
Federal Government to create any liability or
lien upon the city or county property in any
State to the party injured by such violence of
known or unknown offenders.
Why, sir, such a power has never before
been asserted, and when carried out, it utterly
destroys the last vestige of local self-govern-
ment or the reserved rights of the States.
I had no purpose to discuss the provisions
of this bill. My only purpose was to state the
grounds upon which, both as to its absolute
unconstitutionality and extreme impolicy. I
found myself as a member of the conference
committee compelled to dissent from the
report.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, what is
the pending question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. IIar-
lax in the chair.) The pending question is
on the adoption of the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Sir.
Tiiurman,] to postpoue until to-morrow and
print.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was in error. The Chair is now informed that
that is the pending question.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I think
