56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, and Mr. COBB
called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cobb and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes eighty-eight.
Mr. FARN"SWORTH. Before the negative
vote is taken, \ ask for theyeas and nays on the
motion to adjourn. We may as well have them
first as last-
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. If the yeas and nays are
not ordered, what will be the result as regards
the division by tellers?
The SPEAKER. If the yeas and nays are
not ordered, the tellers will resume their places
and take the negative vote.
The question being taken on ordering the
yeas and nays; there were—ayes thirty live.
So (one fifth having voted in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in i he negative—yeas 80, noes 95. not. voting
SO ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Austin
Blait, Geoige M. Brook*, Buckley. Bnffmton, Bur-
dctt, Benjamin V\ JJutler, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke,
Cobb,Conger. Oreeiy, D.irr.* 11, Dickey, Duell, E.itnes,
Elliott, EWwell. Curries Foster, Il^nry D. Foster,
Fiye, Getz, Goodrich, Griffith. H.iNey, flanks, LLnr-
uier, IIarp<T. George E. Harris, ILtveus. John W.
Hazleton. Hill. liooppr. Kelley. L.unpoir. Luising,
Lowe, M.-tynard. McClelland, McGrow, MeJunkin,
Met cur. Merriam, Monroe, Morphia, Leon.inl Myers,
Packer, P.uker. Feck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters,
Pl.itt. Purfei, Pnndle, Raiuey, li.ancl.ilI. Ellis H.
Roberts. Rogers, Rusk, S uvyer, Scoficld, Seeloy,
Sneldon Shoilabarger, Sherwood. John A. Smith,
Snyder, R. Milton Spcer, Thomas J". .Spcer, fc>pra<riie,
Stevenson St. John, Sutherland, Xw.iun, Svphcr,
Thomas "Washington Tovvnsend, Tut hill, Upson,
Wakeman. Wuldron, Wallace, Wails, Willard, Wil-
of Indian,!, and John T. Wilson—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams Arthur, Averill. Beatty,
Beck. Bisrbv, Biggs, Bird, James G. iilair, Binxton,
Bright, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Comingo,
Cook, Coi ton, Cox, Ci ebs, Cnrcher, Cropland. Davis,
Dawes Do L-irK", Donnan, l)ox, DuBose, Dunnell,
Eidridgc, Ely. Farnsworth, Fmkelnburg, Garfield.
Garrett, Goliad.iy, Hale, llandley, John 'L\ Harris,
llawley. liny, llerelord, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kin-
selia, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lvnch, Manson,
Maishall, MeCormiek. McCrnry, Mellenry, Me-
Intyio, M^Kinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Moore, Niblack. Paekard, Palmer. Eli Purrv,
PoLui'i, Potter. Price, Elward Y. Rice, John M.
lliee, Hitehie. William 11 Roberts, Robinson, Roose-
velt. Slumks. .Shober. Slater, Slos*. Stevens, Storm,
Stoughton, Tafie. Terry, Twichell. Tyner. Van
Trump, V-mglian, Waddell. Walden, Warren, Wells,
Wheeler. Wliitthorne, Williama ofNew Yoik, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, Wood, and Young—9.5.
NOT VOfING —Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barber,
B 'i-ry, Bingham, James Brooks. Carroll, Cohurn,
Duke, Worker, llaldemnn, Uani'ileton. llnvs. Gerry
W. Hazleton, Hoar, Ilolman, Ketcham, Kilhngcr,
McKee. McNeely. Mitchell, Morey, Morgan, Neg-
ley, Orr, Aaron F. Perry, Read, Sessions, Shoe-
maker, Slocum. 11. Bonrdman Smith, Worthins?ton
0. Smith, btoweil L) wight Townsend, Tu ncr, Voor-
hces, Washburn, Whueley, and Winchester—39.
So the motion to adjourn was uot agreed to.
During the roll call,
Mr. MI3KCUK said: I desire to state that
Mr. II. Boardmax Smthi, of New York, was
confined to his room by sickness yesterday
and is to-day.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion ot the gentleman fiom Maine, [Mr.
Hale.] that tlie rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, pending
that motion, that all debate under the live-
minutes rule on the pending bill be closed in
fifteen minutes.
Mr. HALE. I wish to modify that motion
by making the time thirty minutes instead of
fifteen nnnutes.
Mr. KELLEY, Am I to understand that
the proposition is to close debate after thirty
minutes on all amendments that may be pro-
posed?
The SPEAKER. That would be the effect
of agreeing to the motion. It is not competent
for the House to close debate upon more than
one section. But this bill contains but one
section. When the House orders all debate to
be closed upon a given section, or upon a bill
consisting of but one section, that closes debate
upon all amendments thereto. That will be
the effect in this instance, if the House adopt
the motion to close debate.
Mr. KELLEY. Would it be in order to move
that the debate on each amendment which may
be proposed be limited to five minutes?
The SPEAKER. That is precisely the posi-
tion now. The rule is that on each amendment
there shall only be one five-minutes speech for
and one against. This rule, of course, is some-
what laxly enforced in committee; but it is
the rule.
Mr. KELLEY. I understand that the gen-
tlemanfrom Maine [Mr. Hale] proposes prac-
tically to close all debate in thirty minutes, and
thereby to preclude amendments.
The SPEAKER. It does not preclude
amendments. The power to offer amendments
is one which the Committee of the Whole can-
not be depiived of so long as any member
thereof luts an amendment to offer. But the
House has a right to order that no debate
whatever shall be had on amendments, and that
the committee shall be brought to an immedi-
ate vote thereon.
Mr. KELLEY. Well, I desire members to
understand that to adopt this motion is to
determine that no debate shall be had on any
amendment that may properly be offered.
Noiv, there is 110 pressure of business demand-
ing this hot haste, and I think it, would be
well to allow amendments to the bill and, say,
thirty minutes' debate on each amendment. To
that I will make 110 objection.
Mr. HALE. J cannot consent, of course,
to that, because, it would open the widest sea
of debate. I do not wish by ray motion to tie
the House up unreasonably. 1 am willing to
make the time allowed for debate forty-five
minntes, or even one hour, if it be deemed
advisable and members desire to speak that
long.
Mr. KELLEY. We did not close debateat
all when we were on the tariff in the last Con-
gress. There were weeks given to general
debate.
Mr. HALE. I believe I have the floor, and
I modify my motion so that all debate on the
bill and amendments under the five-minutes
rule shall be limited to forty-five minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. That will not cut off
amendments?
The SPEAKER. It will not cut off the
power to amend.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is made
ill the interest of the opponents of the repeal
of the duties upon salt and coal. He wants
discussion on every amendment, and he would
bring forward the whole tariff bill, compris-
ing many hundreds of enumerated articles,
and propose amendments and speak on each
amendment. Now, to gratify that gentleman
is virtually to abandon the interests of the
people and the resolution of this House, which
is, in my judgment, to repeal these duties
before wo adjonrn.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to say to the
gentleman from New York that I am quite
able to speak for myself, and am in the habit
of doing it, and I probably understand as well
as he does what my purpose is.
Mr. WOOD. We know very well the capa-
city of that gentleman, not only to speak for
himself but to ''make the worse appear the
better reason," and to resort to legislative
stratagems to defeat proper measures, as he
has always done upon everyfitting opportunity.
Now, sir, we want no discussion really upon
these two simple propositions. They admit
of no argument. This House and this country
understand and comprehend the simple, iso-
lated question whether these duties ought or
ought not to be repealed ; and in my judgment
popular opinion has reached nearly the point
of unanimity upon this subject wiih the excep-
tion of various portions of the United States
that are directly and pecuniarily interested ;
and the only question for us to determine is
whether we shall permit the whole interests
of the people to be sacrificed to the peculiar
interest of localities. I hope the House will
not do so.
The question was upon Mr. Hale's motion
as modified, to limit all debate in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
pending bill to forty-five minutes.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I wish to ask the Chair if
the motion of my colleague prevails how the
debate will be apportioned, whether the floor
will be held by the gentleman himself all the
time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has nothing
whatever to do with what takes place in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The debate will be under
the five-minutes rule.
Mr. LYNCH. The objectof my inquiry was
to know whether the five-minutes rule would
prevail to that extent.
The SPEAKER. It will; because all gen-
eral debate was closed j esterday. Whatever
debate is allowed in the forty five minutes
will be under the five minutes rule.
Mr. LYNCH. On amendments ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; on amendments.
Mr. HALE. All I shall ask will be five
minutes lor myself.
The question was put on Mr. Lynch's mo-
tion; and there were—ayes 87, noes 69.
Mr. KELLEY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Kelley and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 8-1, noes 67.
Mr. L. MYERS and Mr. PACKER called
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the aliirmative—yeas 99, nays 82, not voting
42 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Averill,
Barber, Beatiy, Beck, Bird, James G. Elnir, Brax-
ton, Bright, George M. Brooks. Buckley, Bnreliard,
Caldwell,Campbell. Carrol 1, Co burn, Comingo, Cook,
Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher.Cmssland, 1) awes. Don-
nan, Dox, Du Bose, Bunnell, Eldridge, Ely, Farns-
worth, Finkelnbursr. Frye, Gaificld, Garrett, Golui-
day, Hale. Hanks, Harmer, Harper. John T. Harris,
llawley, Ilay, Gerry W. Hazleton. Kerr, King, Kin-
seila. Lamison, Lewis, Lvuch, Manson, Marshall,
McCormick, MeOrnry, McHenry, ilelntyre, \lcKiu-
ney, Benjamin F. Meyer-s, Monroe, Morey, Niblack,
Orr, Paekard, Eli Perry. Potter, Price, Rahey, Itead,
Edward Y. Itiee, John M. B,ice, William Pi. Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Shanks, Shober. Slater,
Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Stouehion, Terry, Tuthill,
Tyuer, Vauglian, Voorhees, Waddell, Walden, War-
ren, Weils, Wheeler, Whitthome, William* of In-
diana, Williamsof New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
Wood, and Young—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Aichcr, Biahy, Austin
Blair, Butfinton, Burdett, Benjamin If. Butler. R.oci-
erick R. Butler. Clarke, Cobb, Conner, Creelv, Davis,
De Largo, Duell, Baines, Charles Foster, Ilenrv I).
Foster, Getz, Goodrich, Griffith, Halsev. Handley,
Xlavens. John W. Hazleton, Hereford. Hill, H >oper,
Kelley, Ketcham. Killinger, Lamport, Leach, Lowe,
AloClelland, McGrew. MeJunkin, Mercur, Merriam,
Merrick, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Packer, Pa.liner,
Parker, Peck, Pendleton. Perce, Piatt. Poland,
Porter, Prindle, Eandall, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberts
Rogers, Sa.-,Tyer, Scofield, Seeley, Session?, Sheldon,
fehellabarger, Sherwood, John A. Smith, Snyder,
R. Mnton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stowell,
St. John. Sutherland. Swann, Thomas, Washington
townsend, Upson. Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace,
Wi'lard, and John T. Wilson-82.
iNOT mollisG —Messrs. Ames. Banks, Barry,
Biggs, Bingham. James Biooks, Diirrall, Dickey,
.Duke, JMhott, Fnnvell, Forker. Ilalrleman, Hura-
Dleton, George E. Harris, llnvs, Itour. Ilolman, Ken-
dall, Lansing, Maynard, McKec, McXeely, Mif chell,
Moore, Morgan. ISeglcy, Aaron F. Perry, Peters,
bhoeraaker, blocura, H. Boardinnn Smith, Worfh-
ington (J.Smith, Stevenson, Sypher, Taffe, Dwighfc
iownsend, fumer, Twichell, Van Trump, Wash-
burn, and Winchester—42.
So the motion to limit debate to forty-live
minutes was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ARCHER said: My colleague, Mr.
Hamblctox, is detained from the House by
sickness.
