1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order, one motion to adjourn having been
made and voted upon since the motion was
submitted to suspend the rules and go into
Committee of the Whole.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and go into Commit-
tee of the Whole; and upon a division there
were—ayes 83, noes 50.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. IvELLEY called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were thirteen ayes.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. PLATI. I call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and navs; and there were thirty-two ayes.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last full vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was j
decided in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 74,
not voting 44 ; as (oliows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averil], Barber.
BeaMy, Beek, Biabv, liiggs, B^d, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Buffineton, Burclmrd,
Caldwell. Campbell,Carroll,Coburn. Comtmro, Cook,
Cotton Cox, Crcbs, Critoher, Grassland, Donnan.
Dox,DuJJose.D"n"ell Barnes,Bldridgo,lilhott.lily,
Jfmusworth, JNnkclnburii, Cliatles Foster■, Frye, (Jar-
field Garrett.Golhiday, Hale, Handles', Hanks John
T. Harris,Hawley. liny. Kerr.Ketcham,King, lun-
pel In Lamison. Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Marshall,
MeCormick, MeC'rury, McHeiirv. Mclntyre, Mo-
ICihney. Benjamin E. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe.
Moore.Morey. Niblack, Orr.Packnrd. Pendleton. Ji.li
Pervv Potter, Price, Road, Edward Y. Kice, John
M. Rice, William K. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Shanks, Shellaharger, Shober. Slater. Sloss Stevens,
Stevenson. Srousiiton, '1 affe, Terry. TiithiU. lwicU-
eH Tyner, VauHiati, Voorhees. WadcMl, Waluen,
Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whitlhomo, Wilhimis ot
Indiana, Williams of New York, Jeremiali M. Wil-
son. Wood, and Young—105.
HAYS—Messrs. Acker. Ambler, Archer, Austin
Blair, Bnrdott, Roderick R. Butlor. Cohb, Conner.
Creely. Davis, Be Large, llickey, JJuell.Getz, Good-
rich, Griffith, llarmer, Harper. Havens, John W.
Haxleton. Hereford, Hooper, Kelley, Ivillinser, Lan-
sins. Leach, Lowe, iUaynard. McClelland, McGrew,
McJunkin. Mercur, Merrii.m. Merrick, Mnrphis,
Leonard Myers. Nesrley, Packer, Minor, Parker,
Peek, Perce, Pl.itt. Poland, Porter, Prinrtlo, Ramey,
Randall, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberts, Rogers, Sawyer,
ScofieM. Seelev, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoemaker,
John A.Smith, Snyder, It. Milton Speer, Thomas
J. Speer, Siirasuc, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Swaun, Thomas, Washington Town&eml, upson.
Wakemnn. Wallace, Walls, Wiliard, and John i.
WNOT VOTING. — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
George M. Brooks,  lsLmcs lirooks, l>enj«i-
min F. Butlor. Clarke, Unrrall. Dawes, Uuke, Har-
well, Forker, Henry 1). Poster, Haldaman. liaise,y,
Hauibleton, Gooige E. Harris.Haysi Gerry W. Ilazle-
ton Hill. Hoar, Hoiman, Kendall, Lamport, JSle-
Keo, McNeely. Morgan. Aaron 1'. Perry, Peters,
Rusk Sessions. Slocum. II. Boardm,in Smith, Wash-
inston C. Smith, Storm Synher, IJwigbt Townsend,
Turner. Van Tiump, Waldron, Washburn, White-
ley, and Winchester—it.
So the motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual report of the Board
of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution;
which was ordered to be printed, and reierred
to the Kegents on the part of the House.
REPEAL Ob' DUTY ON SALT.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state ot
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the but v. a- «•
No. 9) to repeal the duty on salt.
The bill provides that from ana atter the
passage of the act salt shall be placed on the
free list, and no further impost duty shall be
collected on the same.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
all debate on this bill will be closed in forty-
live minutes. ,
The pending amendment was one moved
by Mr. Faesswohtii, to insert after the word
"shall" the words "and coal."
Mr. BLAIH. of Michigan. I move to amend
the bill by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
That from and after the passage of this act the
duty on salt in bulk shall be ten oonts per hundred
pounds, and on salt in sacks or bags sixteen cents
per hundred pounds.
I wish to say that I have been opposing thus
far the bill of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] chiefly upon the ground that I object to
dealing with the tariff in this way. My imme-
diate constituency, so far as I know, has no
interest which is not common to the whole
country in this question of coal or of salt.
But, sir, let me say to gentlemen on this side
of the Hall that we are responsible for the rev-
enues of the country; and when we undertake
to deal with the tariff, I submit that there is
no proper way to deal with it except as a
whole. * If gentlemen undertake to insist that
one article or class of articles must be relieved
from duty for the special benefit of one part
of the country, and another article or class
of articles must be relieved for the benefit of
another part of the country, it will soon be
found that we have frittered the revenue all
away; that we have no ground left to stand
upon.
Now, sir, I am willing—and I believe that
gentlemen who are understood to be protec-
tionists upon this side are willing—to meet, our
friends on the other side of the House half
way upon this question of the tariff, to take
it up in the regular way, to have it examined
carefully by a committee suitable for the pur-
pose. Let such reductions be made as the
good sense of the country may dictate, and
let them be equal and uniform in their bearing
throughout the country, so far as we may be
able to accomplish (hat object. But let us
not, following the lead of anybody, run off and
assail the tariff upon particular parts, for I
assure gentlemen that there is not a single item
in the tariff which could stand to day if it were
put to the country alone. It is only because
these are parts of a system that we are able to
maintain them at all.
One word upon this question of coal, about
which so much has been said here, and on
which the House the other day ran off, as I
thought, in a panic. What occasion was there
for it? About half a million of dollars of rev-
enue is yearly derived from the duties upon
coal. Is there any better or easier way to get
this revenue; is the price of coal substan-
tially increased to the people of the country
by th-is duty? I doubt it very much, indeed.
The same may be said iti regard to salt. While
it may be true, and I presume it is true, that
the duty upon salt is too high, yet I think that
some duty upon salt is as proper as any duty
upon any thing.
Gentlemen say to us: "this is an article of
universal use." But, sir, are you not taxing
everything of universal use? Is saltany more
an article of universal use than tea and coffee
and spices, which are being used all over the
country? Is it any worse to raise revenue by
a duty upon salt, and do the people feel it any
more, than if this revenue were raised upon a
hundred articles that can be named which are
also of common use?
It is one of the misfortunes of all taxation
that it must fall heavily somewhere, that it
will he disagreeable to somebody who has the
tax to pay ; and I must say to gentlemen that
this question in regard to the tanff resolves
itself into a simple question of adjustment,
the question where you will place the duties.
Somewhere they must fall. You must get about
one hundred and sixty million doilajs a year
from the tariff; you cannot do without this rev-
enue ; and the simple question is. where will you
place the duties? Wherever you may place
them they will bear with some hardship upon
the people. In the adjustment of these duties
you will of course make the burden as light, as
possible consistently with the needs of the
revenue. ,
Mr. COX. I rise to oppose the substitute
of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,]
and I wish to submit some statistics, which I
have verified since yesterday, as to the coal
business. Before doing so, I beg to make a
remark or two upon the argument made by the
gentleman from Michigan. I am opposed to
any half-way measure on coal or salt. When
the gentleman speaks of spices, &c., ITaeg to
remind him that spices are not raised or made
in this country, as salt is, and therefore the
protective principle does not apply.
As to the anthracite coal trade, &c., I desire
to present some facts for the information of
the country, if not for the information of the
House. This anthracite trade for the last ten
years, as shown by the business of a colliery
in which my informant was interested, is as 1
shall state.
It was organized in 1859, and in 1860 the
stock was increased to $00,000, and in 1861 it
paid fifteen per cent, and reserved a large sur-
plus, in 1862 it paid eighty-five per cent, and
reserved a large surplus. In that year, having
devoted the surplus earnings to further open-
ings, the stock was watered eight and one
third times, and thereby raised to $500,000;
and it paid twenty-four per cent, upon the in-
creased capital—not one dollar additional
capital having been added, in cash, to it—and
it has, this last year, divided twelve per cent,
on the $300,000 watered capital, but it re-
served a much larger sum of its earnings than
it divided. This colliery I refer to is located
near Hazeltovvn, in Pennsylvania.'
Mr. Greeley, in the Tribune of not ten days
since, says the anthracite trade is developed
to from thirty to fifty per cent, beyond all
demand for that fuel; and therefore is it that
we should give it further protection?
Does domestic coal regulate the price of for-
eign, a3 maintained by the gentleman frotn;4H
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kbixhy,] oris it the other
way? Let us come to the facts. When coal was
free there was not one strike or combination in
the anthracite trade, and consequently no arbi-
trarily enhanced prices for that fuel. The duty
was imposed, and we have had three success-
ive annual strikes, imposing immense bur-
dens upon commerce, manufactures, and the
helpless poor: that of 1869-70 costing not less
than £">0,000,000. That of the present no one
can yet estimate.
Now for other pertinent facts. Before coal
was free western Pennsylvaniagas-coal sold in
New York at ten dollars per ton, but after it
became free it was reduced by competition to
SO 35, and when specie was the currency Nova
Scotia coal never sold, when free, above the
sum of five dollars per tou, and if free it
will not go above that value again.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. IvEL-
i.icyj quotes the prices of Nova Scotia coal in
Boston for 1802 to 1S67 apparently, among
other things, to show that the price of Nova
Scotia coal declined by reason of the duty upon
it. The price in 1H61 was ^4 67 per ton *, iu
1862, when our vessels were largely engaged
in the service of the United States, atid freights
thereby increased, it rose to S& ui6
legal-tender currency of the United States
depreciated year by year the price of all coals#
nominally increased in all markets, so that
anthracite, which had sold in Philadelphia
for an average, by the cargo, at $3 71 for
twenty years, (Daddow & Bannan's book on
coal, oil, and inm,) was carried up to $10 40 at
that point, with alike advance at Elizabeth
Port from $4 29 to $4 32: from 185!) to 1862,
to $10 40 m 1864; but as the currency im-
proved the prices declined in nominal amount,
but increased in actual gold value.
Mr. Chairman, t hese facts illustrate the point
which I should like more at, large to enforce.
But, sir, in brief, while wo cannot regulate by
law transportation, while we cannot legislate
by penalties against strikes, while the moi
ments and interchanges belonging to trade will
go on, we will fail unless we open up new
avenues of trade, whereby we shall have com-
