1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
that motion is one which should be adopted.
There is a precedent for it in the practice of
the Senate. I refer to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the enforcement bill,
so called, the bill introduced by the Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] during the sec-
ond session of the last Congress. That was
a bill which was very much debated in both
Houses, and excited great interest. In the
conference which was appointed upon it sev-
eral important changes were made in the
bill. For that reason, and because of the
general character of the bill, it was deemed
proper by the Senate to print the report so far
as it related to any changes made in the bill as
it passed the Senate. That was done; and upon
the report very considerable discussion arose,
which lasted, I believe, during two days. It
seems to me that this is preeminently a case
for following that precedent. It is true that
the principal change is in but a single seciion.
At the same time, Senators should remem-
ber that that section was one which was prac-
tically an undiscussed and undebated novelty
at the time it was presented. The Senator
from .Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] though ho re-
quested leave to explain his amendment, was
refused by a vote of the Senate, or rather by
an objection, which had the effect of denying
to him the liberty to make explanation. The
result was that we had to take the section and
vote upon it, pro or con, according to the best
of oar judgment upon the mere reading of it.
That section was not only a stranger, was
not only adopted without any debate, but it
was a section entirely new in the whole legisla-
tion of Congress, so far as I can learn. It was
a section wlncli involved great considerations,
not only of constitutional power on the part
of Congress, but of the highest public expe-
diency. If we had the authority under the
Constitution to impose upon the cities, towns,
and parishes within the States the onerous
burdens which this section lays upon them,
then it was at least a lit question for debate
whether the power was one which should be
exercised by reason of its liability to abuse, of
the extreme injustice and the inevitable harsh-
ness of its incidence.
I should have been glad had the section
been entirely taken out in the committee of
conference. In my judgment, it should have
been. It was not only not taken out, but it
has come back here in a much worse condi-
tion than when it left us. Though the word
''amendment" is the parliamentary word to be
applied, it certainly must be in a purely tech-
nical sense when applied to such a proceeding
and applied to the present condition of this
section; for, instead of being "amended" in
the ordinary sense of the word, it is made
ever so much worse by the change. As the
section now stands in the report of the com-
mittee of conference, it provides that anyjudg-
ment recovered by the plaintiff in any suit
described in the section, that is, a suit for
injuries inflicted on him, either in person or
property, by persons riotously and tumultu-
ously assembled together, may be enforced
against the city, county, or parish made liable
under the judgment; and not only that, but it
provides that any such judgment shall be a
lien as well upon all moneys in the treasury
of such comity, city, or parish as upon the
other property thereof.
Sir, this provision in its language and in
its operation is another great stride in the
grand scheme of nullifying and wiping out all
local authorities, not merely of the States, but
within ihe States—of destroying and obliter-
ating, in substance and in effect, the local
governments within the States. Why, sir, one
of the first essentials to the purposes of a gov-
ernment anywhere, whether in a parish, a
township, a city, or a county, is to be able to
raise and to control the necessary revenues.
1 believe I shall not be far from the truth
when I say that in most States of the Union,
either by statute or by decision of the courts
upon the unwritten law, the public moneys of
a city or county in its treasury are not liable
to be taken upon execution, or to be seized
upon attachment or any other process of law.
They are essential to the existence and to the
carrying on of the local government. And
yet here is a provision that upon such a judg-
ment as I have described, obtained for inju-
ries by a mob, or a riotous, tumultuous assem-
blage of persons, the marshal of the United
States may break open the treasury of a city
or a county and may take out whatever may
be necessary to satisfy the judgment, though
it absorb the whole contents of the treasury.
Then, sir, what is to become of your towns?
I do not speak so much of the large cities,
because they can generally take care of them-
selves. As a rule, they are not likely to have
their treasuries swept clean by any judgment
probable or possible to be obtained under this
law, unjust, harsh, inexcusable as it is. But
what are your small cities and towns through-
out the country to do ? Why, sir, any of them
may be brought to a dead stop in "its govern-
ment by a judgment obtained under this bill.
Many of the Senators here are residents of
small towns in the interior of States, and they
will understand at once, without the necessity
of rny enlarging upon it, how vicious must be
the operation of this bill, should it become a
law, in the respect I have mentioned.
But that is not all. The judgment is de-
clared a lien, not merely upon so much money
as may be necessary, but upon all moneys in the
treasury, so that on a judgment for $5,000,
$1200,000, can be impounded. Can anything be
more extravagant in the way of law making?
Not only that, but it is a preferred lien. No
matter what appropriations may have been
made of the moneys in the treasury in pur-
suance of law, for the highest purposes of gov-
ernment, of police, of humanity, they are all
swept out of existence at one stroke by Con-
gress, and your court-houses, your jails, your
hospitals, your orphan asylums may be brought
to a dead stop, because of the lien laid by your
act of Congress which detains every dollar that
happens to be in the treasury at the time.
What good object could have been intended,
what good object can be secured by such
legislation?
Mr. COLE. To keep the peace, to prevent
the Ku Klux outrages.
Mr. CASSERLY. My colleague is disposed
to be rather funny over the subject of stopping
the government of a little town to pay some-
body's judgment. I do not regard it as a
subject precisely for humor or for fun.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSBRLY. I shall be through in a
moment.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know what
reason the Senator has to say that I was in-
clined to be funny over it or make light of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the Senator was
serious ; but his fun is so much like the serious-
ness of other people that one is not able to
dislinguish between them.
Mr. COLE. That is a very funny remark.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, 1 intended it as
such, I frankly confess. If my colleague had
been equally frank wo should not have had this
colloquy.
My colleague says that is necessary to keep
the peace. Why, sir, the peace of this country
has been kopL pretty well ever since 1789, now
over eighty years, without any resotl to such
remedies. All at once it is discovered that in
order "to keep the peace" remedies like thos*
contained in this act are indispensable. The
men who went before us had some ideas of gov-
ernment. Not only was the peacc maintained
under their ideas of government, but the growth
of the country, its honor, its prosperity, its
welfare at home and abroad, were served so
well that it is not in the least a reflection upon
the dominant party to say that, if at the expir-
ation of its period in the Government it shall
leave behind it half as good a record, it will be
extremely fortunate.
Why, sir, " to keep the peace" you have
no right to rob a man. "To keep the peace "
you have no right to put an end to all govern-
ment. "To keep the peace" you have no
right to strip your towns and counties and
parishes of the means whereby they live and
govern. "To keep the peace" you deprive
your cities and your towns and your parishes
of any power which they have to keep the
peace, because you take away the means by
which they maintain their police powers, by
which they pay their constables, by wliich<they
support their jails. In order that Congress
may keep the peace, it designs that there shall
be no power, that is to say no means, left to
the local organizations in the States through-
out the whole country of keeping the peace
for themselves and for their people.^ How
shallow and paltry is the pretext that, in order
to keep the peace in a few States in the South,
thewholeofthe townships, cities, towns, coun-
ties, and parishes in all the other States must
be left liable to be reduced to a perfect state
of nullity, and at any moment to bo stripped
of their revenues ! They may be small, and
their smallness may be a subject of derision
to some Senators, but they are vital to them,
and in their frugal and honest administration
of their affairs they have thus far proved
sufficient.
But, sir, that is not all and certainly is not
the worst of it. Here is something very much
worse. It is a provision that such a judgment
may be enforced by execution, and that besides
being a lien "upon all moneys in the treas-
ury" of the county, city, or parish, it shall be
a lieu upon "the other property thereof"—
a lien, ol course, to be enforced by writ, by
execution, and by sale. That is the mode in
which you enforce a lien in a common-law
action such as that which is provided here,
an action upon the case. There is no other
mode, at least no other mode in the ordinary
proceedings.
Now, sir, what is "the other property" of
the county? I will tell you what it may be.
It may be its court-houses, its jails, its poor-
houses, its hospitals, its schools, and anything
else in that nature. To authorize a court-
house, for instance, to be taken and sold upon
an execution for a private judgment is simply
to put a stop to the course of justice. 1 am
not certain that the section would not author-
ize the marshal under the attachment, which
is merely mesne process in the suit, pending
the suit, and before a judgment obtained, to
turn out of the court-house judge, sheriff, clerk,
suitors, attorneys, and take and hold posses-
sion of it. I am inclined to think that such
would be the necessary construction, if the
plaintiff's attorney should demand it, because,
of course, the possession of the marshal under
an attachment is exclusive if he chooses to
make it so ; at all events, as to the furniture
of the court-house. The first necessity for all
local self-government and for all peace and
order is the maintenance of courts in the
States; and to say that it is in order to keep
the peace you authorize a proceeding by which
every court-house in the country can be locked
up, one after the other, until it is sold and
passes into private ownership, is simply to
utter what 1 think nobody seriously would
credit. "To keep the peace" in one case
you take away from your local political organ-
izations and subdivisions throughout the land
the power to keep the peace in all other cases.
Then the jail may be .sold ; that also may be
taken in attachment and it may be sold under
execution. What is to become of it when it
is taken under attachment? Who is in cus-
tody of the jail, under those circumstances,
and of the ptisoners ? Is it the marshal, or is
itthe jailor? Then, when the execution comes
to be enforced in pursuance of the lien which
