764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
your statute gives upon the jail, and a private
purchaser buys it, what are his rights ? Hi3
rights are absolute over the property ; lie may
open the door and let every prisoner go free.
These are the reasons why in every State of
this Union, I believe, with one or two excep-
tions, certainly with bat very few exceptions,
it is the law, either by statute, or is held by
the courts without statute, that such buildings
as I have been describing here are exempt from
attachment, from execution, from lien, from
process of any sort whereby the free, unbro-
ken, perfect control of the local authorities
over them can be hindered or destroyed. This
is a'bill ''to keep the peace;" and yet it is a
bill to sell out the jail to perhaps some con-
federate of a malefactor who is confined in it,
whereby he may open the jail-door and lethig
accomplice go free 1
It is a bill to afford "the equal course of
justice," to use the language of the bill, which
occurs so frequently in it, a bill to maintain
all citizens in their equal rights! When your
poor-house or hospital is attached, who is to
take care of the inmates? When it is sold on
execution and the purchaser opens the door,
what is to become of them? Here is a bill ia
the cause of humanity, and yet it is a bill
which strikes at the maintenance, the very ex-
istence of all charitable and humane institu-
tions within a county 1 You first provide to
take away the revenue by which the poor are
fed in the poor-house, and next you provide
for a seizure of it under attachment by the
marshal and for an ultimate sale of it in pri-
vate property to any purchaser who chooses
to buy it.
If in- any county of a southern State an
attempt should be successful to enforce the
law, as I contend all of the attempts that were
earnestly and vigorously made in North Caro-
lina were successful, and there should be a
gang of fifteen or twenty of these Ku Klux
gentry imprisoned in a jail, some of them wait-
ing to be tried, some of them waiting to be
hanged, the whole of these fellows could be
released under your bill, which, so far as we
know anything about it from the professions
of Senators here, was designed to punish,
and to suppress the Ku Klux organization.
Your language is absolute; you not merely
wake the judgment tie up all the money in the
treasury of the county, but you make it a lien
to be enforced by execution and sale against
all the property of the county without discrim-
ination. Why did it not occur to some gentle-
man of the Radical members of the conference
committee from either House, all of them law-
yers, if lam not mistaken, to reserve the right
of the counties, if not to their own revenues
at least to their own public buildings, so indis-
pensable and so vital to the preservation of law
and order, peace and tranquillity, within the
counties. This is so because at least, as we
have understood heretofore—it seems that a
new dispensation is opening on us now—but
as we have understood heretofore the great
mass of the rights of the people is in the cus-
tody of the States, and the great duty of main-
taining life and property secure to the inhab-
itants of the State is vested in the State.
Sir, I take this occasion to say that I believe
that still to be the law, and that it will con-
tinue to be the law though this bill should
pass. I believe and know that no act of Con-
gress will stand long in this country which
undertakes to deprive the people of the States
ol their right to provide for the protection of
their own lives, liberties, and property. But,
assuming the theory, vicious as I regard it,
upon which this bill is framed, still there is a
great mass of duties in regard to persons and
things to be performed, at least, in the first
place, by the Slates and their local organiza-
™ns~ky their counties, cities, and towns.
Vv hat is to become of that great mass of duties,
if you commence by taking away from coun-
ties, cities, and towns the revenues whereby
they may discharge them, indeed, the very
public buildings where the local justice of the
country has its seat, the jails where its crim-
inals are held, the hospitals and poor-houses
where its sick and poor are cared for, and the
schools where its children are to acquire that
education and intelligence which will best fit
them to discharge their duties as men and
women in after-life?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Will the hon-
orable Senator allow me to make a single sug-
gestion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The principle
which he has presented with such conclusive
force to the Senate has been recognized and
approved at the present term of the Supreme
Court of the United States. In the case of
McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland, Judge
Marshall decided expressly that the machinery
and operations and property of one govern-
ment necessary to keep it in operation could
not be levied upon as a subject of attachment
by another government. In the case in rela-
tion to a revenue bill some years ago, there
was a feature that taxed the process in the
State courts. The State of Wisconsin resisted
the levying of that tax. A case was made and
went up to the supreme court of the State of
Wisconsin, and it was there ruled solemnly and
correctly that the process of a State in the
State courts was not a subject for Federal
taxation. And in conformity to that decision
Congress subsequently repealed the tax on all
process; and the question has come up and
been decided at the present term of the Supreme
Court of the United States in the form of the
internal revenue tax on the salaries of State
officers.
A case was made in which a State officer
refused to pay the tax assessed upon his sal-
ary. The case came to the Supreme Court
and has been decided at the present term, and
by the unanimous judgment of the court, with
the exception of one member of the bench, the
decision of the inferior court has been sus-,
tained, and it has been solemnly adjudged that
the salary of a State officer is not a subject of
Federal taxation. The principle is the same
as applied to the various subjects so lumin-
ously and so forcibly stated by my honorable
friend from California, that the jails, the court-
houses of the States, no more than the State
officers, can be subject to Federal taxation,
because they are as essential for the preserva-
tion and continuance of the State governments
as anything can be, and they come expressly
under the_principle established by the Supreme
Court incidentally in the case of McCulloch vs.
The State of Maryland. The case that I have
cited from Wisconsin, and the case decided at
the present term of the Supreme Court, that
no part of the machinery, property, court-
houses, jails, salaries, poor-houses, orany other
part of the necessary machinery in carrying on
a State government, is subject to taxation,
much less to distress and sell, by the authority
of an act of Congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was wholly unprepared
for the discussion of the grave questions of
constitutional power involved. I did not for
one moment believe that the conference com-
mittee, badly as I think of such committees,
would fail to strike out this section. I am the
more indebted to the Senator from Kentucky
for stating so well what I had in my mind and
was about to speak of. I cannot flatter myself
that I should have succeeded in stating it so
sell or so fully as he has done.
Indeed, just before the Senator from Ken-
tucky spoke, I was about to say that the only
thing which takes the sting out of this most
mischievous section of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Shbiuiax] is that it never can be enforced.
It is invalid. It is grossly unconstitutional.
It never has been contended seriously by any-
body—the contrary has been over and over
deeided—that under any theory of the Consti-
tution can the Federal Government impair, by
taxing, for instance, the means whereby the
State governments, and consequently the muni-
cipal and local governments in the States, are
maintained. Almost the very first gleam of
light since the war in regard to the powers
assumed by Congress broke in upon us from
the State of Massachusetts, if I remember
aright, from her supreme court, in a case where
that court intimated a very strong opinion that
so much of the internal revenue law as requires
the process of the State courts to be stamped
was unconstitutional, for the reason, generally
put, that if tlie Federal Government can lay a
tax of fifty cents on the process of a court, it
can tax it out of existence.
I should prefer myself to put it on the
broad ground that is not within the powers
of the Federal Government in any degree to
interfere with the State governments in their
legitimate operations, as by taxing the process
of the State courts or in any mode impairing
any of the means and appliances whereby the
governments of the States, or of their cities
and counties, must be carried on. So, and for
the like reasons, Congress cannot tax the sal-
ary of a judge of a State, as in the case just
decided by the Supreme Court, mentioned by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] or
of any other State officer.
In laying a tax on property an essential
power is to enforce the power by a sale of the
property. Now, since Congress, even for tax-
ing purposes, cannot authorize the sale of the
public buildings of a State, which are a part
of its machinery of government, it follows that
you cannot authorize a private individual, for
his private claim or judgment, to sell such
buildings. In the same manner, as you cannot
so far interfere with the governments of the
States and of their cities and counties, even to
collect your taxes, as to shut up a court-house,
or a jail, or a school-house, or an alms-house,
you cannot authorize any private person to do
it in his suit. It seems to me an exceedingly
plain case. The taxing power is the most sov-
ereign power of government; so declared by
the definitions of the writers and of the cases.
It is your most essential power, because it is
the life of the government. Yet in the exer-
cise of even that great power, and although
you deem it necessary for the existence of the
Government, you cannot seize the public build-
ings of the States and sell them into private
ownership.
Yet in this section of the Senatof from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] you attempt to authorize a
private person, in his private suit, to do with
the local governments, with the States, and
with their revenues and public property, what
you cannot do in virtue even of your great
public power of taxation. And this section
was proposed in the last moments of a pro-
tracted debate, and adopted by a Senate which
denied the least discussion of it or of any of
its enormous provisions.
Why, sir, in these halls we seem to move
and act in a delirium of power. All power,
it is said, corrupts the possessor; but there is
no power which so corrupts him as unlawful
power. _ Where the power i3 unlawful, the
fascination of its use becomes something terri-
ble. It is irresistible, because it is more true
in government than it is elsewhere. "Thus
bad begun makes strong itself by ill." One
bad step requires another still worse to sus-
tain it, and so on to the end through the whole
career of progressive and increasing wrong
and disaster. Here is a bill undoubtedly un-
constitutional in its theory and in its provis-
ions, as reported here. Of its unconstitution-
ality in most of its substantive and leading f
parts there is no serious question. To such a \
bill is added, without one word allowed to be
said, a section which provides at one fell swoop
for taking away in private suits tho entire
means of maintaining the government any-
where throughout the country, either by the
