60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
to all ambitious politicians, wherever located,
who strike their political tap-roots through
the manifold strata of that mercenary system
which is known as the " Pennsylvania policy."
Who can doubt that this gentleman knows
whereof he affirms and is able to produce what
hs predicts ?
To save this measure from the hands of such
enemies is an object well worth an effort,
whether we pass it now or leave it for future
consideration. I wish to meet the generous
young gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] and
those who stand behind him and move him
in this proceeding, whether they be sincere
or insincere. Let us meet them half way.
They propose to give us free salt and free
coal; for this they have our thanks. True,
they produce no salt in Maine, and therefore
lose nothing but gain much by free salt. I'hey
produce no coal, and would not lose but
would profit by free coal; yet generosity from
some quarters should be encouraged even if
it come at our own expense. It is as much
as may be expected of some that they be gen-
erous with other men's goods. And as these
liberal motions are made from the lumbermen
of Maine, I propose to give t.heir ostensible
and real authors an opportunity to prove the
faith professed by adding to the free list the
articles of " lumber, timber, and wood." The
duties on coal and salt are estimated at about
two million dollars per annum. The duties
on "timber, lumber, and wood" will not
exceed $2,000,000. Let us, therefore, join
handsltnd put all these articles on the free list.
Some gentleman suggests that we should add
potatoes, another favorite product of Maine.
Let us do so, and then she can have free coal
and wood to cook and free salt to season her
free potatoes, and let her neighbors have the
same privilege.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, Mr. Chairman, there
has been an argument presented here to-day
which, from its speciousness and from its par-
ticular connection with what has been always
produced to support protection in all its phases,
seems to me to require a more direct answer
than has yet beeilgiven to it. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] has said
that the duty on salt amounts to a little
over a million and the duty on coal to a little
over half a million, so that the duty together
involved in these two items amounts to not
not more than two millions at the utmost, and
probably not more than a million and three
quarters. Whereas, h# says, the duty on sugar
is $10,000,000, the duty on tea and coffee
$12,000,000, or even more, if I understood
him correctly, the total amounting to twenty
or thirty million dollars ; and he appeals to
gentlemen here who favor free trade that they
shall, in the first instance, reduce those duties
before they take off this duty on coal and salt.
The fallacy of thatargument is this: his state-
ments are true as he has given them ; his
figures, I have no doubt, are correct; but look
at the difference in actual effect. The Gov-
ernment of the United States gets ten or
twelve or thirty millions dollars directly into
its Treasury from sugar and tea and coffee.
On the other hand, while from coal and salt
the Government of the United States fails to
get more than $2,000,000, the monopolists, the
protectionists, the high tariff men, put into
their own_ pockets twenty to thirty million
dollars besides. The amount paid by the people
and the amount collected from consumers in
the latter instance is infinitely greater.-
[Here the hammer fell.]
'The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. SHANKS. Irenewit. I wish to call at-
tention to one fact in reference to these articles.
Gentlemen who are in favor of a protective tariff
continually assert that it does not increase the
value of the article. Those who are opposed
to it say that it does. If it does not increase
the price of the articles, I wish to know, and I
ask in all good faith, why these men insist on
having a tariff.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to call attention
to the remarks of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Burdett.] I have not the time to talk at
length about this matter. He says that he is
opposed to bringing down the tariff on these
items by taking up a single item at a time. I
ask his attention to the fact that the friends of
a protective tariff upon this floor never permit
a single item to come before the House at a
time when they can prevent it; but, on the
contrary, they bring in a bill, so that they shall
all stand together. Those in favor of a reduc-
tion of the tariff have, as their only means of
success, to resort to bringing these proposi-
tions before the country. We do not want a
great bill, where all these interests will stand
by each other against any reduction ; and that
is the reason why gentlemen have been com-
pelled to take up these propositions singly. It
is because that is the most effective way of
attacking the high protective tariff on these
articles.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] and to gentlemen on the other side of
the House. They beg the whole question
when they assert that the duty is paid 
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the time limited for debate has
expired. I do not object to his going on, if
we are allowed the same length of time in
which to answer him.
The CHAIRMAN. According to the record
of the time kept by the Chair there are five
minutes left.
Mr. KELLEY. The entire record of the
coal trade of the country, embracing the free
coal under the reciprocity treaty and dutiable
coal, shows that the exporter of coal pays the
duty which comes into our Treasury. It is
therefore the coal men of the colony of Nova
Scotia who pay the half million dollars of our
revenue from this article.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, I introduced
this bill for the repeal of all duties upon salt
in good faith. I did not, as I have already
stated, propose to open general discussion
on amendments of the tariff. Such is not my
wish now, and I presume that whoever here
is actually and honestly in favor of striking
off the duties upon salt alone, or upon salt
and coal, will vote for that, and will not seek
to embarrass the bill with anything else. It
may be as effectually killed by being over-
loaded by amendments as by a direct vote.
I recognize, with the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Blair] who has spoken to-day, as he
always does, for protection, that this side of
the House is responsible for legislation upon
the tariff. I recognize that we should go into
no general amendment of the tariff now. We
did that last session. But whatever was left
undone in the way of omission, that we may
rectify. That the people of this country be-
lieve that one article, salt, should have gone
upon the free list I have no doubt. They
believe an error was committed in not placing
it upon the free list. We may now rectify that
error. And I say to the gentleman from Mich-
igan that, while recognizing the fact that this
side of the House is responsible for the legis-
lation of the country upon the tariff, events
within the last two days have shown me that
if this bill which I have introduced fails it will
not be the fault of the other side, but of gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House.
Now I wish to say one word as to this duty
upon salt, without entering on the question of
the duty upon coal, for I have no time to go
into that. I oppose the amendment introduced
by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,]
which provides that salt shall remain under a
duty of ten cents per hundred weight in bulk
and fifteen cents in sacks. The trouble as
regards that amendment is this : the people
are demanding free salt; the duty at the pres-
ent time is enormous. The tables that have
been given here to show that the duty is but
one hundred per cent, are fallacious. Any 1
man who looks into the figures will see that
the duty is very much greater than given in
those tables. The price of salt on the Mersey,
as stated by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter,] is about six cents per bushel,
which is equivalent to about eight cents per
hundred pounds. This would give a duty of
nearly three hundred per cent.
But I will take as the basis of my calcula-
tion Turk's Island salt, the only salt which itis
safe to use in packing beef and pork that is to
be carried to or used in a warm climate. This
can be bought where it is produced for nine
cents per bushel or eleven cents per hundred
pounds. The duty is eighteen cents in bulk
or twenty-four cents in sack, which is nearly
an average of two hundred per cent. And the
trouble is that the revenue does not benefit
by this duty in proportion to the increased
price it exacts from the consumer. The rev-
enue derived from this article by the Govern-
ment is small. Enormous as this duty is, there
is but little money brought into the Treasury
by it. It brings the price of salt, or helps to
bring it up, to from forty to fifty cents per
bushel; and yet the revenue received is but
little more than eleven hundred thousand dol-
lars. Public attention is called to the abuse,
and men cry out for free salt. Just that should
be granted. We should not stop half way.
The wrong would still remain galling to the
people, and the amount derived as duty would
be in no degree adequate to the continued
odium of the tax. I know that I speak for
millions when, in closing this debate, I ask
this House to give the country free salt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time limited by
order of the House for debate on the amend-
ments has expired.
Mr. LEACH. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order at
this time. The question is upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] to the substitute proposed by
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair.]
Mr. LEACH. I ask my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] to accept my amend-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. I accept it as a modifi-
cation of my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment as modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the passage of this act the
internal tax on brandy be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. LEACH. That is a mistake. [Laugh-
ter.] It is a different amendment I desire to
offer.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add at the end of the bill the following:
_ That from and after the passage of this ant the
internal tax on manufactured tobacco shall be twelve
cents per pound.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw ray amend-
ment for the present, to allow that to be offered
as a distinct proposition.
The question being taken on Mr. Leach's
amendment, there were—ayes 52, noes 64.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to make a parliament-
ary inquiry, whether at this stage I can reserve
the right to call the yeas and nays on this
amendment in the House after the committee
rises?
I he CHAIRMAN. This amendment will
not he reported to the House if it is rejected
by the committee, and the veas and nays can-
not be had on it.
Mr. PLATT. I ask for tellers on the
amendment.
Mr. COX Too late!
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. Was there a quorum in the
division on the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. There was not; and, no
quorum having voted, tellers will be ordered.
Mr. L. MYERS. Before the tellers take
their places I think the gentleman from North
