1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
Carolina will agree to accept an amendment
making the tax sixteen cents per pound. The
Commissioner of Internal Revenue recom-
mends that.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order to connect a matter relating to
the internal revenue of the country with the
reform of the tariff?
The CHAIRMAN. According to the pre-
cedents it is in order.
Mr. RANDALL. It was so decided in t,he
last Congress.
Mr. Hale and Mr. Platt were then ap-
pointed tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported-—ayes 69, noes 80.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LEACH. I now offer the amendment
in the modified form suggested by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers,]
as follows:
That from and after the passage of this act the
internal tax on all kinds of manufactured tobacco
shall be sixteen cents per pound.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 09, noes 70.
Mr. L. MYERS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Leach and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 67.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I now renew my amend-
ment, to insert the words " tea and coffee."
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 80, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
the bill:
And that the tax on brandy distilled from apples
and peaches shall be twenty-five cents per gallon.
Mi\ MAYNARD. I ask my colleague to
modify his amendment so as to include brandy
distilled from grapes.
The CHAIRMAN. That is in the nature
of debate, and no debate is in order.
The question was put on the amendment,
and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Boiler, of
Tennessee, and Mr. Potter were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 73.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move to
insert the words '' and potatoes.'' [Laughter. ]
Mr. COX. I was just going to offer that
amendment myself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I move as an amendment to
the bill to insert the word "bunting," so that
it shall be made free in this country hereafter.
[Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
bill by inserting before the word "salt" the
words " barley and malt."
The question was put on the amendment, and
no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevenson
and Mr. Parsswortix were appointed.
The committee divided; aud the tellers
reported—ayes 35, noes 88.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I offer the amendment which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendment,
vhich was substantially the tariff bill of last
Congress, (H. R. No. 1088.)
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether during the reading of that amendment,
which will take two or three hours, it is not in
order to move that the committee rise 1
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. HOAR. Then I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and.the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that, pursuant to order of the House, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 9) to repeal the duty on salt, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
order, of business.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a privileged question.
I call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill (H. R. No. C) for the removal
of all legal and political disabilities imposed
by the third section of the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary when appointed; and I desire
that the Clerk shall now read the bill.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. BECK. Can the gentleman take me off
the floor for that purpose?
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky indicated his purpose to have the bill
read, which was a surrender of the floor.
Mr. BECK. I desire to have it read as a
part of my remarks. I did not surrender the
floor at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The mo-
tion to adjourn was made before the gentleman
from Kentucky got the floor.
The SPEAKER. That is not the case, be-
cause the Chair did not recognize the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Speer] to make the
motion. The mere shouting out of a mo-
tion to adjourn does not bring it before the
House ; the gentleman who makes it must be
recognized by the Chair, in order to bring the
motion before the House for consideration.
The Chair first recognized the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck.] and the gentleman sent
the bill to the Clerk's desk to be read. The
Chair, considering that a waiver of his right
to hold the floor, then entertained the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. BECK. My idea was to have the bill
read as a portion of my remarks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be com-
pelled to rule that the gentleman had waived
his right to the floor for the time being. The
gentleman would lose no right by allowing his
bill to be antagonized by a motion to adjourn ;
for, if a majority of the House are in favor
of adjournment, it is evident the gentleman
cannot secure the two-thirds vote necessary to
pass his bill.
Mr. BECK. I understand that.
appointments on committees.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following members as the Committee
on Mileage for the Forty-Second Congress:
James C. McGrew,of West Virginia; C. B.
Darrall, of Louisiana; John \V. Hazleton, of
New Jersey; Edward I. Golladay, of Ten-
nessee ; and James G. Blair, of Missouri.
The SPEAKER also announced the appoint-'
ment of the following gentlemen to fill vacan-
cies on the Committee of Elections:
William H. Upson, of Ohio; and Gerry W.
Hazleton, of Wisconsin.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio,
Mr. Beatty, will please act during this session
as a Committee on Enrolled Bills.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman lrom Georgia [Mr.
Speer] that the House now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 73, noes 78.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. KERR. I ask for the yeas and nays ;
they may as well be ordered at once.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] if
his object at present is merely to debate his
bill and not to take a vote upon it to-night.
Mr. BECK. I desire, for my part, simply
to state what the bill is and give some brief
reasons for its passage now. We are now
all through with reconstruction, except simply
peddling out the removal of disabilities from
a few persons. I wish to know what the Hou3e
desires. I am willing to yield to gentlemen on
the other side who may want to debate it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
bill is read and then we adjourn, will not that
give the gentleman precedence with his meas-
ure over all other business?
Mr. PARNSWORTH. No more than now;
it is now a privileged question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then the
gentleman will lose nothing by an adjournment
at this time.
The SPEAKER. An adjournment at thi3
time would make no difference in respect to
the priority of this measure. This motion to
reconsider is the only privileged motion now
on the Journal, and the Chair would feel bound
to recognize the gentleman whenever he should
ask the floor for the purpose of calling it up.
Mr. BECK. I think we ought to go on with
it now.
Mr. PETERS. Let us adjourn now, and
then it will come up on Monday.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we adjourn now, will
not the gentleman have all the advantages of
obtaining the floor and pressing his bill to action
when we meet again that he now has?
Mr. DAWES. Not on Monday morning.
The SPEAKER. Not until after the morn-
ing hour of Monday.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, after the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour
of Monday the gentleman could call up his
motion to reconsider, subject to being taken
from the floor by motions to suspend the rules.
Mr. BECK. I will yield to any gentleman
on the other side who may want to debate the
bill; or if no debate is desired, I will call the
previous question at once.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. We can go on and debate it
to-day fof some time.
Mr. BECK. It is now only half past three
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
ordering the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in tWlSiegative—yeas 8T, nays 99, not
voting 37 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Bigby,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
liurdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Clarke, Cobb, Conger, Crcely. De Large, Dickey,
Donnan, Duell, Barnes, Elliott, Charles Foster, Good-
rich, Harder, Havens. Ilawle^, Gerry W. Hazleton,
John W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Iieiley,
Ketcham. Killinger, Lamport. Lowe, Maynard, Mc-
Grew, McJunkin, Mercur. Merriam, Monroe. Mor-
phis. Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Porter, Prindie, liainey, Ellis H. Roberts. Rusk,
Sawyer, Seofield, Seeley. Shanks, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Ste-
venson. Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Xaffe, Thoma:^ _ Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Walls,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Wiihamsof Indiana,
anil John T. Wilson—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Archer. Arthur,
Beatty,Beck, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Burchard, Caldwell, Campbell, Coburn, Cu-
mingo, Cook, Cotton, Cox, Crebs. Catcher, Crossiflnd,
Davis,Bawes,Box,BuBose, Bunnell, Eldridge, Ely,
Parnsworth,Farwell, Einkolnbure,llenry D. Foster.
Frye, Gartield, Garreit, Gets, Golladay, Griffith,
Hale, Hal..ey. Handley, Hanks, Harper,^ George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, Hay. Hereford, Kerr, King,
Kinsella, Lamison, Leach. Lewis. Lvneh, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McHenry, Melntyre.MeKin-
ney, Merrick, Benjamin 1:\ Meyers, Mitchell, Morey,
Niblaek, Palmer, Eli Pcr>*y, Potter, Price, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wil -
liam R. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt. Sheldon. Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Ste-
vens, Storm, Terry. Tuthill, Twichell, \ aughan,
Voorhees, Waddell, Walden, Warren, Wolls, Whit-
thorne.Wiiliam&ofJfewYork, Wood, and Young—99.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Bingham, James Brooks,- Carroll, Darrall, Duke,
l?orker, Haldeman, Hambieton, Hays, Holman,
