1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
769
Congress which authorizes any man's going
there to represent the United States, wkether
he is paid for it or not. We have appointed
a commission or a court, whichever you may
choose to call it. We now appoint attorneys,
authorized to go there and represent the Gov-
ernment and take testimony on behalf of the
Government, and, after all that is done, this
commission is to investigate the testimony and
to make report to Congress. How much does
that fall short of a judgment? Is it not pre-
cisely what the Court of Claims did for years
after its organization ? It was a mere investi-
gating committee; it took testimony and ren-
dered its opinion and reported it to Congress,
and then Congress voted an appropriation or
not, as it saw fat. This commission, under
this addition to the powers incident to it, will
do precisely the same thing; and it will be
urged here, over and over again, with a force
that will be felt more and more as time rolls
on, that here has been an investigation made
by the Government before a court appointed
by itself, the Government being represented by
attorneys, testimony heard, judgment passed,
and that nothing remains but to make an
appropriation to pay the claims.
We have heard considerable about these
claims from first to last, but how few of them
have ever passed! Some of them have passed
this House and failed in the other. Some
have passed the other House and failed in
this. I believe a few have passed both Houses
where the circumstances were so strong and
the appeal to our sympathies so cogent that
a majority could not resist it. But here is a
drag-net thrown over this whole subject; here
is a bag opened into which this whole ocean
of claims is to be plunged, and they are to be
dragged in here and put upon the basis of
judgments rendered against the United States
by a tribunal of its own creation. I never
will vote for the bill with that clause in it.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to remark that
employing attorneys changes the whole nature
of this thing; it relieves the commissioners
of the responsibility of making the investiga-
tion themselves. It turns it into an adjudica-
tion different from what was anticipated when
we began; gives it a character much higher,
much different. It was not suggested by any
one then that it was going to be a court, but
that we were to appoint three commissioners
to make investigation, not to decide anything.
If they want a clerk to help them, very well;
but I do not propose to turn it into a judi-
cial investigation in the nature of the Court
of Claims, which will certainly increase the
argument that we arc bound to pay its judg-
ments without further investigation if we ap-
pear by attorneys before this commission. I
hope the Government will not appear in that
way. I think it so important a matter that
we ought not to concur in the report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must call for the regular
order if this is going to lead to everlasting
debate.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Senator
from "Vermont calls for the regular order, on
which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thukman]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I think we can reach a vote
soon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot. It is totally
out of the question. The House of Represent-
atives has adjourned.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senate is ready
to vote on this report I am perfectly willing to
give way ; but if it is to lead to further debate
I prefer to say what I have to say upon the
other bill.
Mr. BLAIR rose.
Mr. COLE. I do not know whether my
friend jfrom Missouri rises to make a speech
or not.
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 49.
Mr. BLAIR. I simply rise to make a single
remark. The Senator from Vermont, after
occupying all the time, now cuts off debate.
He knows that the other bill will not be allowed
to be voted on without discussion. I was only
going to say that I was not astonished at the
opposition coming from that quarter to this
measure in regard to the southern claims 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, Mr. President,
I insist on the regular order. Let us have it.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senate has decided once
or twice 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont has called for the regular
order, which was laid aside subject to be
called up on the demand of any member.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 116) concerning the compen-
sation of the collector of customs for the dis-
trict of Willamette, in the State of Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 232) to enable the Houghton
and Ontonagon Railroad Company to make a
resurvey of its road ;
A bill (S. No. 242) to enable the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company to mortgage
its road;
A bill (S. No. 255) for the relief of Anna
M. Howard;
A bill (S. No. 257) to amend the act ap-
proved June 1G, 18G2, entitled "An act pro-
viding for the selection of jurors to serve in
the several courts of the Districtof Columbia;"
A bill (S. No. 273) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to convey the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia,
to the trustees of the North Georgia Agricul-
tural College for educational purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 291) for the relief of the
inhabitants of the town of Areata, in Hum-
boldt county, California.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 428) to establish
certain post roads, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had appointed Mr. Poland, Mr. May-
nard, Mr. scofield, Ml'. BOT.ton C. COOK,
Mr. Coburn, Mr. Stevenson, Mr. Buckley,
Mr. Lansing, Mr. S. s. Cox, Mr. Beck, Mr.
Voouhees, Mr. Van Tromp, Mr. Wapdell,
and Mr. Robinson the joint select committee
on the part of the House to investigate the
condition of affairs in the late insurrectionary
States.
ENROLLED 15ILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 53) for the restoration of
Commander George A. Stevens, United States
Navy, to the active list from the retired list;
A bill (S. No. 89) to create a port of delivery
at Potomac, Virginia, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 137) to authorize the payment
of duplicate checks of disbursing officers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 181) to establish certain
post routes;
A bill (II. II. No. 322) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to change the name of
the ship William F. Storer; and
A bill (H. R. No. 386) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to place certain condemned can-
non at the disposal of the Pennsylvania Military
Legion of the city of Philadelphia.
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. THURMAN.
Mr. President, I do not
wish to take up a great deal of the time of the
Senate on the report now under consideration,
but I feel it my duty to say something about
it and to ask the attention of the Senators
to some, as I deem, just criticisms.
There are two points, and two only, in this
report, upon which I shall offer some remarks.
The first is in reference to the jurors' oath, and
the next point is the amendment offered by
my colleague, [Mr. Sherman,] which passed
the Senate without any discussion whatsoever.
And in regard to these two points almost every-
thing has been said already that I desired to
say, and I shall endeavor to avoid repeti-
tion.
There is only one thing thatl shall call atten-
tion to in regard to this jury oath, for I imagine
it is not quite understood. The bill as it came
from the House provided for a repeal of the
act of 1802.
It has been suggested by my friends about
me that we lake a recess. I would rather go on
now if we are to take a recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on now and
take no recess.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senate wishes to
adjourn until to-morrow, I will give way to a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. As I made the sugges-
tion informally to my friend from Ohio, I beg
to say that I think we had better understand,
for the convenience of us all, the course we are
going to take. There are two reports of con-
ference committees here. If it be the purpose
of the two Senators having them in charge to
continue on—it is now half past four—we had
better know that. If on the contrary we know
that is not their purpose, we shall understand
that we are to adjourn at the proper time until
to-morrow or else take a recess and come here
this evening.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that the Senate
will without distinction of party, race, color,
or previous condition of servitude stand by us
until we dispose of the subject that is now up,
one way or the other. I of course have my
opinion as to which way it ought to be disposed
of. I am entirely willing to submit to the
wishes of any considerable number of Senators,
whether they prefer to go straight on or to take
a recess from about this time until half past
seven and then go straight on. My own indi-
vidual opinion is in favor of staying now until
we finish this bill. ["Now!" "Nowl"]
Mr. CAMERON. I would suggest, if the
Senator from Ohio will allow me, that we go
into executive session for alittle while, because
there are a number of reports to be made and
we must have another executive session before
they can be passed through. Then let us go
to our dinners and come back, say at half past
seven this evening, for business. 1' move,
therefore, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business, if the Sen-
ator from Ohio will allow me, and after the
executive session let us agree to meet at half
past seven or eight, or whatever hour is satis-
factory. Then we can get through with our
business this evening.
Mr. THURMAN. I would a great deal
rather say what I have to say now, and that
will bring us to the ordinary hour of adjourn-
ment, and then the Senate can adjourn or take
a recess, as it sees proper.
Mr. CONKLING. Then we shall have die
same question we have now, and I think we
had better settle it now.
Mr. THURMAN. I will do anything for the
convenience of the Senate, but I will not agree
that we shall take a recess at five or half past
five, or at any time later than this, and then
goonand speak until the time forth recess; for
1 know that although I am a very captivating
speaker and the Senate delight to hear me very
much, I should not have more than half a dozen
Senators to listen to me. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am perfectly willing
that amotion should be made to proceed to the
consideration of executive business in order
