1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
We Lave had these disqualifications existing
for a great length of time. Disorders have
not ceased in consequence. Will, then, the
continuance of these disqualifications help to
restore order? I think not. Why, the people
who commit these outrages in the South are
not the men who are disqualified under the
amendment to the Constitution. They are not
the men who formerly held office before the
war and took an oath to support the Constitu-
tion, and then subsequently took an oath in
some way or other to support the rebellion.
They are not the kind of men who have com-
mitted these outrages. The men who have
committed the outrages are not the men who
ha?e held office or who are likely to hold office.
They are the men who are too poor to live with-
out work and too proud to work. They are of
the class of poor whites and of the class of
young men who were not old enough when the
war came oa to be liable to the disqualification
imposed by this amendment of the Constitu-
tion. It is not the men who are disqualified
who stir up these outrages.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. On what authority does
he make that statement? Does he have per-
sonal knowledge ? If not, where did he get
his information ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I got my informa-
tion from the same sources as other gentlemen
get theirs—from the newspapers, &c.
Mr. PERCE. Who knows whose faces are
behind the masks?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have never seen
a case, as reported in a newspaper or anywhere
else, of its being found that any men who were
detected in participating in these outrages were
men who were disqualified under the amend-
ment to the Constitution.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Does the gentleman kn ow
of cases where the men committing these out-
rages have been detected ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A great many are
detected, and their names are constantly
appearing in the newspapers.
I believe that the continuance of these dis-
qualifications, instead of quieting matters in
the South, only stirs up strife. How should
this be? It comes about in the most natural
way imaginable. Here is a man in the State
of South Carolina, a former slaveholder, who
used, peihaps, to be an old line Whig, or, it
may be, an old-line Democrat. He held many
slaves before the war. Perhaps he was not
willingly a secessionist, but went with his State
into the war. Now that man, because before
the rebellion he took an oath to support the
Constitution, is disqualified from being a post-
master, or from holding any office whatever
under the Government of the United States.
He sees his former slaves holding office. His
boys, who are not disqualified by the amend-
ment to the Constitution, are growing up and
have become voters, and they may all hold
office. Their father, who is possessed of greater
intelligence, and was perhaps drawn into the
rebellion by circumstances he could not well
control, can hold no office, while his former
slave, living right beside him, and who pos-
sibly aided the rebellion also, may hold office,
and his white neighbor who was forward as a
rebel, who was an earnest rebel, but who did
not happen to hold office before the war, may
now hold office. Such a state of things is well
calculated to stir up strife down there.
Look at this question in what way you will,
it seems to me that from no stand-point will
the existing system bear the test of reason.
We have disorders there; disqualifications do
not allay thera. We have riots there; dis-
franchisements and disqualifications do not
prevent them. Will a continuance of these
disqualifications have a tendency in the future
to do what they have not done in the past?
I verily believe, Mr. Speaker—I maybe singu-
lar in that respect and differ from other mem-
bers of my party—but I verily believe that a
little more liberality manifested by us in the
removal of disqualifications from these persons
at an earlier date would have had a good
effect in allaying strife and disorder and pre-
venting the irregularities and violence now
being practiced in the South. I cannot con-
ceive of any use that there is in keeping up
these disqualifications. I wish some gentle-
man would point it out. Gentlemen may rise
here and talk of the disorders at the South;
they may give us harrowing accounts of vio-
lence there; they may show us that there is
bloodshed, disorder, riot, and violence there;
but 1 wish some gentleman would give me a
reasonable argument going to show that a con-
tinuance of disqualifications under this pro-
vision of the Constitution is of any earthly use
when we have ourselves legislated away all
disqualifications, so far as respects voting, and
provided that they shall ail vote, and all be
eligible to hold office under their several State
constitutions.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that those persons who are dis-
qualified under the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments can hold State
offices?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not mean that.
They can all vote.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Yes, they can vote, but
not hold office.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They can all vote
under their State constitutions; and in many
of the States the State constitution does not
make them ineligible to hold office. _ It is only
the fourteenth amendment which disqualifies
them. By the State constitutions, which we
have ourselves legislated to bring into existence
in almost every one of these States, none of
these disqualifications exist. I believe that in
the State of Alabama there are no disqualifi-
cations. I do not quite remember how it is in
reference to the State of Arkansas; I think
there are some disqualifications there, but I
am not certain about it.
Mr. Speaker, I have been a member of the
Committee on Reconstruction since its organ-
ization as a committee of this House. I have
been through with this whole subject of re-
construction. The last State has now been
reconstructed and admitted to its place in the
Union, and I trust there is no further use for
that committee, nor for any more legislation
on the subject of reconstruction. I hope this
bill will pa3S.
DISTRIBUTION OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. LANSING-, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following concurrent resolution:
Resolved by the Mouse of Representatives. (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That all books and public docu-
ments, except the Congressional Globe, of which
extra copies have been printed for distribution, and
which have not been delivered to the members of
the last House of Representatives, shall be delivered
by the officers having possession of the same to the
Representatives in this House of those districts
whose former Representatives have not drawn the
documents.to which salch districts were respectively
entitled according to the rate of distribution.
Mr. NIBLACK. Did we not arrange that
matter during the last Congress?
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to have the
resolution of the last Congress read ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. One Congress
cannot bind its succcssor.
Mr. KERR. I hope that resolution will be
allowed to pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. The resolution of the
last Congress was the expression of the will
of that Congress.
The SPEAKER. If a concurrent resolution
was passed by the previous Congress, of course
the effect of this resolution will be to work its
repeal.
Mr. PARKER. I desire to make an inquiry,
and it is this: after these books and documents
have been placed in the charge of the officers
of this House for distribution to the members
of this House, I want to know what right the
Senate have over those documents, or what
they have to do with them?
It strikes me that the passage of the reso-
lution which has been referred to by the last
Senate and House of Representatives was an
invasion of the prerogatives of Ais House. It
is true that these documents are paid for out
of a general appropriation, a fund voted for by
the House and the Senate, but when they are
placed under the control of the officers of this
House for distribution to the members of this
House, and through them to their constitu-
ents, I want to know why it is necessary to
consult the Senate about the matter. The
answer comes back, because a concurrent res-
olution was passed during the last Congress,
and it is necessary to pass a like concurrent
resolution to repeal that. I think that a sim-
ple resolution of this House should be passed
directing the officers to give these books and
documents to the new members. That would
be sufficient to answer all the ends sought to
be attained.
This resolution i3 certainly a laudable one,
and should pass in some shape. I do not
believe the Senate have a,ny right at all to act
upon this matter; I believe it is exclusively
within the province of the House to say to
whom these documents and books shall go.
Therefore, if that can be done, I desire that
this resolution shall be so amended as to make
it a House resolution simply.
I think it was a little bit inconsistent, if I
may so remark, for the House of the last Con-
gress to take the action it did upon this sub-
ject, because the Journal of that House shows
that about the first act of that body upon its
assembling here was to take from the outgoing
members of the Fortieth Congress all of these
books and documents ; and about the last act
of that House before its final adjournment was
to seek to take from the incoming members of
the Forty-Second Congress all the books and
documents until December next. Ttie Senate,
out of a due regard to modesty, and I suppose
with a desire to conciliate the old and the new
members, divided these documents between
them.
Now,I think we, as the agentsof the people,
to whom these documents belong, who have
been selected anew as the agents for their dis-
tribution, are entitled to those documents, to
the whole of thom. I say that this resolution
should receive the vote of every member of
this House. I desire the question to be settled
now whether the Senate shall come in here
and direct what distribution we shall make of
our own books and documents. I ask that
this question shall be settled by a simple House
resolution, and that our officers shall be directed
by that resolution to deliver from this time
these books and documents to the members
of the House of the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. POTTER. Does the resolution of my
colleague [Mr. Lansing] require unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. It is entertained at this
time by unanimous consent.
Mr. POTTER. Then I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The*, Chijir thinks it i3
too late to make that point now. The resolu-
tion has been received, read, and discussed
somewhat elaborately. When a resolution
has been entertained and discussion had upon
it, it is too late to raise the point that it requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. PARKER. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out the words '' the Senate
concurring therein;'' and I would like the
ruling of the Chair upon the effect of the res-
olution so amended if adopted.
The SPEAKER. That would not be a
parliamentary point; the House must judge
of the force and effect of its own acts. The
Chair has to rule upon parliamentary points.
The amendment is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a word
on this subject. It will be recollected that
the members of the last Congress are by law-
entitled to the franking privilege until t he 1.-st
of December next. The object of the law in
giving that privilege was that they might dis-
