64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
tribute the documents that are printed by
order of the Congress to which they belonged.
Gentlemen will see the great advantage there
is in that, in the way of keeping sets of books
togpther, preventing them from being broken
up and scattered; thereby making them more
valuable.
And I will suggest to gentlemen who are
now coming in that the time is not very remote,
certainly not more than ten, fifteen, or twenty
years, when the most of us will be ourselves
outgoing members, and we will find that a
provision like that made by the last Congress,
which of course does not control the present
Congress, will be very convenient as a general
and standing rule in reference to the distribu-
tion of these documents. We shall have a
large number of them published by order of
this House of Congress ; and it will be very
desirable to members who may retire at the
end of this Congress to keep their sets of doc-
uments unbroken.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Par-
ker] makes a very good point against the lust
House of Congress in respect to the resolution
it adopted at ail early stage of its session. That
resolution did not meet my approval; I cer-
tainly regretted it, and opposed it as best I was
able to do, as I am now interposing an objection
to the adoption of the pending resolution.
I am clearly of opinion that the policy of a
new Congress seizing upon the documents of
its predecessor is one which will work more
inconvenience to members themselves than
will the policy which was attempted to be
inaugurated at the close of the last session of
the last Congress. I trust that neither the
amendment nor the resolution itself will be
adopted.
Mr. POTTER. As my objection has been
ruled to be too late, although I made it as
soon as I could get the Speaker to recognize
me 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must correct
the gentleman. It is not necessary to obtain
the floor in order to make objection when
unanimous consent is asked. It. is the duty
of the Chair to recognize any objection which
may be made. The right to object does not
depend upon any assignment of the floor. It
is an absolute right which any member may
exercise irrespective of the recognition of the
Chair.
Mr. POTTER. I shall be content if I may
state my reasons for my objection to this res-
olution. A similar resolution was introduced
at the beginning of the Forty-First Congress,
when I came here for ihe first time as a mem-
ber. I voted against it, although it gave all
the documents to members ot the incoming
Congress, to which I belonged. I so voted
because 1 believed that these documents ought
to be given to members of the outgoing Con-
gress, because ihe publications were made as
of the time when those members were in office
and related to legislative proceedings during
their official term.* Hence, 1 voted against the
distribution of those documents to the members
of the Forty-First Congress.
Now, the Forty-First Congress, just as the
last session was closing, adopted a resolution
providing that one half of these books should
be given to members of the Forty-First and
one half to members of the Forty-Second Con-
gress. Under the circumstances I am content
with that resolution. 1 think, with the gentle-
man from Tennessee, fMr. Maynaed,] that the
Forty-First Congress was wrong in taking the
books which ought to have gone to gentlemen
who went out of office at the close of the For-
tieth Congress. But under the circumstances
I am content with the resolution adopted at
the close of the Forty-First Congress, which,
as amended by the Senate, gave one half these
books and publications to members of this
Congress and one half to the outgoing mem-
bers. I think it would be a great injustice to
gentlemen who were in that Congress and are
not members of the present Congress to de-
prive them wholly of the reports and other
documents with reference to matters which
transpired daring the Forty-First Congress,
when they were here and when many members
of this Congress were not here. It seems to me
that the documents should be distributed to
their constituents and not to the constituents
of their successors.
Mr. PARKER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether he considers that these public
documents, printed at the public expense, are
the personal property of members. Do they
not belong rather to the constituents of mem-
bers ?
Mr. POTTER. Certainly, they belong to
the constituents ; and they belong, in my judg-
ment, to the constituents of the member during
whose term of office they are published, and
ought to be distributed by that member.
Mr. RANDALL. I submit that this is a
mere question as to who shall distribute these
documents. They go, in any event, to the
people of the district.
Mr. LANSING. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the resolution and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. -
Mr. COX. I believe that a resolution similar
to this was adopted at the beginning of the
last Congress 
The SPEAKER. The main question has
been ordered. The first question is upon the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Parker,] to change the reso-
lution from a concurrent resolution to a House
resolution.
Mr. COX. The judgment of the Speaker
has been asked upon that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The judgment of the Chair
was asked upon a point which was not a point
of order, and the Chair, according to his habit,
declined to express any opinion.
Mr. COX. I would be glad to hear from
the Chair on that point.
The SPEAKER. If the occupant of the
chair were upon the floor he might freely
express to the gentleman his opinion; but
the proprieties of his present position forbid
his doing so.
Mr. DICKEY. The amendment is in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. COX. I think we ought to do unto these
new members what was done unto us.
The amendment of Mr. Parker was agreed
to; and the resolution, as amended, was
adopted.
Mr. LANSING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. BECK. I nowyield fifteen minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mi'.Butlf.r.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] will
allow me, I propose to offer an amendment;
but as it is long I will not occupy time by hav-
ing it read, but will have it printed, so that it
may come up for consideration on Monday
morning.
Mr. BECK. I shall object to all amend-
ments. I desire to test the sense of the House
on the simple question presented by this bill.
I yield to the gentleman for debate only, not
that he may offer any amendment.
Mr. KERR. Will the gentleman yield to a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. Then I make that motion.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
hon. william p. preston.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous
consent, leave Was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers of
Hon. William P. Preston ; and the same were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
goodino vs. wilson.
TheSPEAIiER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House additional testimony in the
case of Gooding vs. Wilson, from the fourth
district of Indiana; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections, and ordered to be
printed.
warren p. bascom, administrator.
On motion of Mr. AMBLER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Warren F. Bascom, administrator of
the estate of Oliver Bascom, deceased.
louisa jenkins.
On motion of Mr. SWANN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Louisa Jenkins, applying for an
extension of patent on crimped wire work.
james simons.
On motion of Mr. SWANN, also, by unani-
mous consent, leave was grunted for ihe with-
drawal from the files of the House of the pa-
pers in the case of James Simons, surgeon
and brevet colonel United States Army, for
compensation for property taken by the Army
during the war.
compensation for columbia bridge.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of citizens of Wrightsville, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for compensation for losses sus-
tained by the burning of the Columbia bridge.
ethan ray and samuel ward clarke.
On motion of Mr. EAMES, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers of
Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Cox for ten days.
william and coleman sellers.
On motion of Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of William Sellers and Coleman
Sellers.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Kerr, that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned till Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of John
Connolly, praying relief.
By Mr. ARTHUR: A petition for the re-
lief of Peck, Vau Hook & Co., of Cynthiana,
Kentucky, from payment of taxes on distilled
spirits destroyed by fire.
By Mr. BUFF1NT0N: A memorial of
the mayor and aldermen of the city of Fall
River, Massachusetts, and 883 others, citizens
of said city, praying that a public building be
erected by the United States, to be occupied as
a post office, custom-house, and other United
States offices.
Also, the memorial of Larnet Hall, jr., of
Mattapoisett, Massachusetts, praying to be
reimbursed for moneys expended by him on
buildings, &c., on Government laud at Neds
Point in said State.
Also, the memorial of Horatio Barrows and
16 others, citizens of Middleborough, Massa-
chusetts, praying that a pension be granted to
Mrs. G. F. Merrill, of said town.
Also, the memorial of Ann Milne, of Fall
Uiver, Massachusetts, praying for a pension.
Also, the memorial of Elizabeth Keuyon,
