770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
to test the sense of the Senate whether they
prefer to go straight oil now, or to have a recess
at the end of the executive session until half
past seven. I hope, in order to accommodate
my friend from Ohio, when we are all here
now that we shall agree to go straight on and
hear him.
Mr. CONKLTNG. With what view ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With a view, when he is
through, of hearing whatever else is to be done,
and determining the question if it takes till
midnight.
Mr. CONKLING. Iam told that the other
House has taken a recess until half past ten
to-morrow; so that by finishing this report
now, rather than at half past seven or eight
or nine o'clock this evening, we do not advance
the business there at all. Therefore, I sub-
mit, the simple question is whether we shall
stay here at an inconvenient hour when we
shall lose our dinners, or whether, not having
expected to do that, we shall go and get our
dinners and come back and transact business
more conveniently to ourselves.
Air. EDMUNDS. That states it fairly.
Mr. CAMERON. That is a sensible idea.
I was going to suggest that.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I will claim
the floor. I should have been one third through
by this time if i had not been interrupted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the first
point I wish to consider is as to the statute of
1862, in regard to the qualifications of jurors
and prescribing a certain juror's oath, for I
apprehend that all the Senators do not under-
stand that statute. First, however, I will re-
mark that the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives repealed that act out and
oat. The Senate disagreed to that, leaving
the act to stand in its entirety. The conference
committee have taken a middle course and
propose to repeal the first section of the act
and leave the second section to stand. That
makes it necessary that we should understand
what the act is. The first section of the act
cieates certain principal causes of challenge
to grand and petit jurors in the courts of the
United States, their having aided the rebel-
lion ; in brief terms, in ever so slight a way
having aided it. Now, when a principal cause
of challenge is established before a court, it
must be allowed, and the juror cannot take his
seat. The effect, therefore, of that first sec-
tion of the act is to enable any party to a suit
to exclude from the jury-box any one who ren-
dered any aid, however slight, to the rebel-
lion. But that left it in the discretion of the
parties. They were the persons interested. If
neither one of them challenged a juror on that
account, the juror could be seated. He was
not absolutely disqualified. It was only a
cause of challenge that he had aided the rebel-
lion. But the second section is a most extra-
ordinary one, and I wish to call the special
attention of the Senate to it, because I my-
self, in mentioning it this morning, stated it
incorrectly. The second section provides—
That at each and every term of any court of the
United States, the district attorney, or other person
acting for and on behalf of the United States in said
court, may move, arid the court in their discretion
may require, the clerk to tender to each and every
person who may be summoned to serve as a grand or
petit juror or venireman or talesman in said court,
the following oath or affirmation.
Then follows an iron-clad oath. It might
be supposed that that section refers only to
cases to which the United States is a party.
1 hat is not so at all. It applies to every case,
and it puts it in the power of thedistrict attor-
ney of the United States to thrust from the
jury-box the twelve men that both the parties
to a civil suit which has nothing to do with the
rebellion, which may be a case on a promis-
sory note, or a policy of insurance, or a trial
? atl ,ejectinent—the district attorney may
have the arbitrary power to ask the court, and
the court may have the arbitrary power to order
that every person shall be excluded from the
box unless he can take that iron-clad oath.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. This is given as cause
of challenge. Does the Senator think, as a
lawyer, that if both parties agree upon a juror
an outsider can challenge him?
Mr. THURMAN. No,sir; that is not given
as cause of challenge. Thecausesof challenge
are prescribed in the first section of the act,
and this second section is put in for a wholly
different reason, For a wholly different cause.
It is inserted to put power in the hands of the
Government, to enable the officer of the Gov-
ernment and the judge of the court, if he shall
see fit, to exclude from service, as either a
grand or petit juror in any court of the United
States from Maine to Mexico, from the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific, every man who cannot take
that iron-clad oath, however much the parties
to the suit pending may desire that he shall be
a juror. Why, sir, it is a most extraordinary
act, and I can hardly conceive how such an act
ever found its way upon our statute-book. If
there is any act on the statute-book that ought
to be repealed, that is the one, and I was
delighted when I found that the House of
Representatives had repealed it out and out.
It is 'worse than the first section, because it
enables a mere officer of the Government or a
judge in the arbitrary exercise of his discre-
tion to deprive parties of the services of the
very men by whom they would wish their cause
to be tried. It is not confined to cases to which
the United States is a party, but it enables the
court, on the motion of the district attorney,
or anybody else who represents the United
States, to exclude more than nine tenths of the
intelligence of the South from the jury-box
entirely and wholly. I hope, therefore, that
for that reason this report of the conference
committee will not be agreed to, but that the
Senate will recede from its amendment and
that that act may be repealed out and out as
the House bill provided it should be. So much
for that.
Now, in regard to the section introduced by
my colleague, my colleague would have done
well, let me tell him in all kindness, if, when
he wanted to find a precedent for such a sec-
tion as this, he had consulted the statutes of
our own country instead of the statutes of
Great Britain. He would have found much
better precedents in American statutes than
he can find in any English statute upon this
subject; and, first, he would have done better
for this reason: in England, the Parliament
being omnipotent, no question of jurisdiction
in the legislature can arise; no constitutional
question can arise; there can be no conflict
between the jurisdiction of the hundred, the
county, or the city and the jurisdiction of the
imperial Parliament; but such a law as this at
once brings into view the power of the Federal
Government and the rights and powers of the
Governments of the States; and therefore it
would have been much better to seek in our
own American legislation for precedents than
to have gone to England for them.
But, again, he does not find in England, if
he will study their statutes rightly, any justi-
fication for this section which he has intro-
duced. He refers to the responsibility of the
hundred and goes back to the statute of Win-
chester. Why, sir, the responsibility of the
hundreds existed long before that. It was
established by Alfred the Great, who divided
society into ten families, which constituted a
tithe, and the heads of those families were the
tithing-men. They constituted a tithe, and
ten tithes constituted a hundred, and so it
w<3&t on to parishes, and counties, and the like.
The ten men who constituted the tithe were
mutual insurers. They were mutually bound
for each other's conduct; and it was upon that
policy and upon that theory alone that the
hundred became bound. The ten men first
were bound for each other's conduct, became
mutual bondsmen or guarantors of the good
conduct of each; and in the same way the ten
tithes constituting the hundred became guar-
antors for the good conduct of the hundred.
But now, sir, mark the difference between
that liability of the hundred even as declared
by the first statute to which my colleague re-
ferred, the statute of Winchester, 13 Edward I.
There if the offender were discovered and
arrested the hundred were not liable. There
the hundred were also liable, as they were in
Alfred's time, either to find and arrest the
offender, or to answer for the damages. But
there is no such provision in my colleague's
amendment. The county may find the offend-
ers, it may bring them to justice, and yet the
county or the city or the parish is to be liable.
That was not the English law either under
Alfred or under the Winchester statute.
Then the next act is the well-known black
act, as it is called, of George I, and that in
precisely the same way provided that the
municipal liability should exist unless they
found and arrested the offender; but if tney
did find and arrest the offender within forty
days there was no liability upon the munici-
pality or hundred whatsoever.
Then we come down to the act of 7 and 8
George IV, which is the last upon that subject,
and which repealed these former statutes.
How different is that from the bill which is
now before us! Let us see what the condi*
tions-precedent are under that act, which is
now the law of England, before there can be
any recovery at all. Let us see what must be
done:
"The party damnified shall, within seven days
after the commission of the offense, give a notice in
writing of his claim for compensation, according to
the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, to the
high constable, or some one of the high constables,
(it there be more than one,) of the hundred or other
like district in which the offense shall have been
committed; and such high constable shall, within
seven days after the receipt of the notice, exhibit
the same to some two justices of the peace of the
county, riding, or division in which such hundred or
district shall be situate, residing in or acting for
such hundred or district, and they shall thereupon
appoint a special petty session of all the justices of
the peace of the county, riding, or divisiou acting
for such hundred or district, to be holden within not
less than twenty nor more than thirty days next
after the exhibition of such notice, for the purpose
of hearing and determining any claim which may
be then and there brought before them on account
of any such damage; and such high constable shall,
within three days after such appointment, give no-
tice in writing to the claimant of the day and hum-
an (1 place appointed for holding such petty session,
and shall, within ten days, give the like notice to
all the justices acting for such hundred or district;
and the claimant is hereby required to cause a no-
tice in writing, in the form in the schedule hereunto
annexed, to be placed on the church or chapel door,
or other conspicuous part of the parish, township,
or plaee in which such damage shall have been sus-
tained, on two Sundays preceding the day of holding
such petty session."
That is the provision where the damage
claimed is for thirty pounds or less, for $150
or less. The man must make his claim within
seven days, and then the justices of the peace
of the county are to hold a special session,
and ample notice is to be given so that every
person within the hundred or riding or dis-
trict shall have a full knowledge of it, that he
may be there to make what defense can be
made in the premises. Where is there any
such thing as that in this bill ?
That is not all. The limitation of actions
in that statute is only three months, and so it
is now in England to this day. The person
elaimirg damages must sue in three months
or he cannot sue at all; he is barred. But
how is it under the provisions of this bill
as it now stands? For five dollars of a claim,
or five cents of a claim, the party, without
having made any claim within seven days, or
anything like it, without having notified any
magistrate at all, without having given the
county any chance to arrest the offender or
make any defense, is authorized to go one
hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four
hundred miles away and bring his case in the
district court of the United States; and there
