772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
I have quoted these statutes at length to
show what American legislation on this subject
is, and how wise it is, and how very different
it is from the hill which we now have under
consideration.
Now, sir, I pass to another thing, the col-
lection of the judgments ; and here again how
different are the provisions of these statutes.
In the first place, I may say in regard to the
English statute that it does not provide at all
for seizing the property of individuals, but
only for seizing public property.
Section six of the English act provides—
"That if the plaintiff recovers, the sheriff, on re-
ceipt of the writ of execution, shall make out a war-
rant directing the treasurer of the county to pay the
amount; who, as well as the high constable, is to be
reimbursed his expenses by rate, as to which there
are particular provisions according to whether the
liberties or towns contribute to the county rate or
not, which it is not thought material to detail."—
Wise on liiots, page 110.
What then is the provision of the English
statute on this subject ? A judgment is recov-
ered against the hundred; the officer receives
the execution, and delivers his warrant to the
treasurer of the hundred, or county, or city ;
the treasurer pays the money; and then by
virtue of the act he is authorized to levy a tax
immediately, a rate as it is called, to replace
the sum thus taken out of the treasury. That
is all right; that is all proper ; and Parliament
having absolute authority over it can vest that
treasurer with the power and he will have that
right. There is no seizing of an individual's
property; there is no seizing of public property;
there is no levying the execution upon a court-
house, a jail, alunatic asylum, a county infirm-
ary, and the like; but there is just a demand
of the treasurer of that municipality or county
to pay that judgment and provision made for
him levying a tax that shall raise the neces-
sary amount of money. So, sir, it is in the
New York statute:
"Such action or actions may be brought and con-
ducted in the same manner that other actions may
be prosecuted by law, and the judgment may be ap-
pealed from in the manner now provided for appeals
in civil actions; and whenever any final judgment
shall be recovered against any such city or county
in any such action, the treasurer of said city or
county shall, upon the production and filing in his
office a certified copy of the judgment-roll, pay the
amount of such judgment to the party or parties
entitled thereto, and charge the amount thus paid
to said city or county."
There is the provision ; and then the treas-
ury of the city or county is reimbursed by tax-
ation ; but this bill of yours goes upon no such
theory as that. It makes the judgment a lien
upon all the funds in the treasury of the city
or county, and upon all its property, real or
personal. It undertakes to reverse the law
that the property of a county employed in the
public use, as, for instance, the court-house of
a county necessary to the administration of
justice, the jail of a county necessary to the
enforcement of justice, the public asylums of
the county necessary to carry out the humane
provisions of the law in regard to the poor and
the suffering, shall not be subject to be taken
in execution. That is the law everywhere;
and you propose to reverse that. Why, sir, if
this bill go into force, as has been well said by
other Senators, and most forcibly by the Sen-
ator from California, you may stop every muni-
cipal government in this country. A judgment
is recovered against a county of ten or twenty
thousand dollars for the burning of a barn.
That is a lien immediately on the fund in the
county treasury, that fund which must pay the
judges of the courts, pay the jurors in the
courts, pay the officers of the county or the offi-
cers of the city, pay the teachers of the schools,
support the school-houses, provide for the sup-
port of the county infirmary, the poor and des-
titute, provide for the lunatic asylums and the
"ke that fund which is set apart for that pur-
pose can be seized instantly, or what is the
sam® thing, not a dollar of it can be appropri-
^ r.an.^ slK'^ municipal or State purpose,
tor if this judgment is a lien on it the treasurer
ca-nnot take a dollar of it for any such purpose,
and thus you stop the county government, or
stop the city government, for want of means
to carry it on. Is that right? If Congress
can do that, it can put an end to municipal
government in the United States, put an end
to county government, and it may go further
and in the same way put an end to State gov-
ernment by taking away from the State all the
means of carrying on justice or administering
law.
Why, sir, upon the theory of this bill, indi-
viduals might have an action against a State
with more semblance of constitutional law
than you can give them an action against a
county ; for your only right to interfere at all,
upon any interpretation that can be given to
the Constitution, is where the State has denied
the equal protection of the laws, or the S,tate
has refused to protect citizens in their rights,
privileges, and immunities. While it is an
absurdity to say that the action of a mere
county, of a mere town, of a mere city, of a
mere parish, is to be considered the action of
the State, there might be some plausible rea-
soning for saying that if the State did fail, then
the State should be liable ; and upon the theory
of this bill the capitol of the State might be
sold out; its court-houses might be sold out,
its lunatic asylums might be sold out, every
institution of charity belonging to it might be
sold out, all its funds in the State treasury
might be seized, and the_ State left without any
means whatsoever to carry on the State gov-
ernment.
I say, sir, the theory of this bill is a theory
that is utterly destructive of our institutions.
The States are as necessary to the existence of
the Federal Government as is a Congress of
the United States or a President of the United
States. By States the Senators on this floor
are chosen. States are interwoven with our
system, so that strike them down and the
fabric of the General Government falls into
ruins at the same time. And now, sir, if you
assume a jurisdiction that enables you to stop
a State in the making or the execution of its
laws, to take from it all the means by which it
can preserve civil government at all, you put
an end to anything like the existence of States
except in name, and the name itself will soon
drop out of the calendar of names.
I must say, Mr. President, that upon so grave
a subject as this I never have seen so loosely
a drawn law. We never- have had any such
law as this in the western States. We never
have had in the western States, and there never
has been I believe in the southern States any
law making cities, or towns, or counties liable
for damages done by mobs.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is the law iu Ken-
tucky.
Mr. THURMAN. No, it is not the law in
Kentucky.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am so informed.
Mr. THURMAN. I was informed so too,
but I inquired of both the Kentucky Senators
and they tell me it is not the law there and
never has been, and I sent for the Kentucky
statutes and had them here, looked them over
carefully, and could find no such law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will send for it.
Mr. THURMAN. If it is, that is an excep-
tional case. _ We have never had any such
thing in Ohio, I am sure ; we never had any
such thing, I think, in any western State, un-
less there should be such a thing in the State
of Kentucky; and thatboth the Senators from
that State assure me is not the fact, and I have
not been able to find it in her statute-book. No
lawyer will pretend to say that he knows all
the statute law, for Coke well said that if any-
body asked him what was the common law
he would feel very much ashamed if he could
not give a reasonably direct answer, but if any-
body asked him what was the statute law he
would be almost ashamed to tell what it was
or to assume to tell what it was.
Mr, SHERMAN. In a single judgment ren-
dered in favor of certain citizens of Illinois
against the city of Paducah, some sixty-odd
thousand dollars was collected of that city for
damages done by a mob at the landing at
Paducah, perhaps by the burning of a vessel.
That very sum was recovered in the United
States courts and enforced by process.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to see that
law and the report of that case against the city
of Paducah. It must be a mistake; we never
have had any such law of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the law of Ken-
tucky.
Mr. THURMAN. It may be so ; I will not
undertake to say that it is not, because, as I
said, nobody can tell what are the statute laws ;
but if it is, that is the exceptional case.
For seventy-odtl years the people of Ohio
have lived under a government of law, and have
grown from a mere handful of inhabitants on
the banks of that river to a State containing
more than two and a half millions of popu-
lation, and never yet has she found it neces-
sary to pass such a law as this ; and I do not
believe she ever will find it necessary to pass
any such law. And yet I will not say that such
a law as that of Maryland, with the additional
provisions that I have read from the statute of
New York, would not be a good law for every
State in the Union to pass. I will not say that
it might not be, although my own belief is that
there is much less necessity for it than is gen-
erally supposed.
This is new law; it certainly is new law when
it is attempted to be embodied in a statute of
the United States; and surely if we are to
embark in the making of such laws as this they
ought to be made with the most careful con-
sideration and not be such as this, taken from
an English statute, where Parliament is omnip-
otent, and without one single one of the safe-
guards that even that English statute throws
around the people.
Mr. President, for these reasons, without
occupying any more of the time of the Senate,
although there is a large field here for criti-
cism, I do hope that the Senate will disagree to
the report of the committee of conference. It
is just as much the interest of my friends on
the Republican side of the Chamber that this
law should be a good law as it can be the inter-
est of anybody on this side of the Chamber.
Neither as lawyers, careful of their reputation,
nor as legislators, careful of the interests of the
country, can they wish to put on the statute-
book a statute of which they would in a very few
years, when cooler counsels come to prevail,
find themselves compelled to be ashamed of.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Several Senators. Ob, no ; let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rtt.l. of Vermont., in the chair.) The motion
is that the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 22,
noes 31.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to—
ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; let us finish this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to postpone the report until to-morrow and
that it be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. Itseems now very clear,
I suppose the Senator from Ohio farthest
from me is satisfied, that it is the pleasure of
the Senate to continue, without adjourning
until to-morrow, the consideration of this re-
port, and p<n hapz of the report behind it from
