66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
liam Alcorn, of Jefferson City, Missouri, pray-
ing remuneration for the use of a building by
the Government as a military prison, situated
on the corner of High and Broadway streets,
Jefferson City, Missouri; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens and
business men of the city of Louisiana, Missouri,
in favor of the passage of the bill (S. No. 82)
for the relief of Tinsley, Van Horn & Co.,
Glenn, Overall & Clark, and J. N. Henderson
& Co., of Louisiana, Missouri; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Finance.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, presented the
petition of Joseph Sierra, 4ate collector of
Pensacola, Florida, praying for relief con-
nected with that service ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present the petition
of William S. McLean and others, citizens of
California. They represent that they are set-
tlers on a body of public land there. Their
case is, shortly, this: they show that daring the
government of the Mexican republic a grant
of land was made to what is known as the
rancho or farm of San Pablo, the title to which
was finally confirmed and a survey made. On
the making of the survey there was found to
be what was known in the Mexican law as a
sobrante, that is a surplus of land lying between
the exterior boundaries of the original grant
and the inner boundaries of the survey ascer-
tained by our own authorities. They claim to
have rights upon that sobrante or surplus as
settlers, under the public land system of the
United States, and they ask for a remedy to
enable them to enforce and secure these rights
by obtaining title in the usual way. I suppose
this petition should go to the Committee on
Public Lands. It has annexed all the maps
and exhibits necessary to sustain their case, as
they suppose. I move the reference of the
petition and papers to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present a petition very
numerously signed by citizens of Avoyelles
parish, Louisiana, in favor of an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States that
neither the United States nor any State or
Territory, or other civil jurisdiction therein,
shall appropriate any money or property for
any purpose, directly or indirectly, to any re-
ligious body or seet._ I hardly know to what
committee this petition should be referred;
but I believe on the whole I will send it to tho
committee of which my honorable friend from
Ohio is chairman, the Committee on Finance.
[Laughter.] I move its reference to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
A. Werninger, praying compensation for the
use and occupancy of his property by United
States troops during the late war ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, against granting
land subsidies to railroads and other corpora-
tions; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Riddick
Gattiing, of Gates county, North Carolina,
m-aying the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. PRATT presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Julius Frank for com-
pensation for sutlers' supplies seized by order
of General Thomas in 1864; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of T.
H. Carpenter, praying to be placed upon the
retired list of the Army ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, presented the
memorial of John J. Anderson aud John W.
White, praying compensation for cotton used
for fortification purposes in the city of Nash-
ville in 1862; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
M. Redd, praying compensation for property
taken and destroyed by United States troops
in 1864; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a res-
olution of the Legislature of Michigan, asking
for a grant of lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the straits of Mackinaw,
via Marquette and the head of Keweenaw bay,
to the Montreal river; which was ordered to
he on the table, and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, asking for an appropriation
of money to'construct a breakwater at Mack-
inaw City for a harbor of refuge in the straits
of Michilimackinac ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, asking Congress for an
appropriation to construct a light-house and
fog-bells at.the mouth of Little Traverse bay,
in the State of Michigan ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, respecting criminal offenses
against the laws of the United States and
British America; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented a memorial of the
General Assembly of Alabama, in favor of the
confirmation of the lands granted to the Ala-
bama and Tennessee Railroad Company, to
the Selma, Rome, and Dalton Railroad Com-
pany ; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
William McGarrahan, praying a patent for the
tract of land known as the Panoahe Grande
Rancho; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES presented a telegram from H.
W. Warren, in relation to the riot at Meridian,
Mississippi ; which was referred to the select
committee on alleged outrages in the south-
ern States.
references of bills, etc.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offered the other day
several bills that were laid on the table. Has
there been any general motion by which they
are referred to committees?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has not
been.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move that the bill
(S. No. 33) for the relief of the heirs of
Captain Williams Parker, deceased, Sarah L.
Spring, and Harriet Spring be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and that
the papers now on file be also referred with
tho bill. That is a case which has been once
favorably reported upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection a general order will be made ex-
cepting the bill in regard to which there is a
conflict between the Senator from Ohio and
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather that bill
should go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER. There was a bill introduced
by myself the other day which I asked to have
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
reserved.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I wish the bill in regard to
paying certain military organizations to be
reserved from the general reference.
Mr. HAMLIN. There were several bills
which I introduced, and I did not indicate the
committees to which I desired to refer them.
I can, under a general motion, step to the
Clerk and indicate the committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
that the Senator from New York [Mr.
Fentoh] desired to reserve a bill, and also the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Stoker,]
which were not to be referred. Those bills
will not be referred with the other bills.
Mr. POMERpY. This order should relate
to petitions and joint resolutions, and every-
thing.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill which I wish not
to be referred at present is Senate bill No. 99.
The Secretary will take a note of that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill in
regard to equality of rights?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that this order
include petitions and memorials lying on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ They will be
included if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. With the reference of Sen-
ate bill No. 100, which under the general
order now passed would go to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, being a bill to provide
for an adjustment and satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the 31st day of July, 1801,
I desire to move that the papers on file in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate, relating
to the French spoliation claims be referred
to the committee at the same time; and in
making this motion, if I can have the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cameron,] who has charge of the
business, I should like to press upon him the
duty of reporting this bill, and during the
present Congress pressing it to a final determ-
ination.
These claims are the oldest that are no w pend-
ing against our Government; the most historic
in character, as they are the most venerable.
They have been considered again and again in
the committee, again and again in both Houses
of Congress. The bill providing for them has
passed the Senate again and again ; it has
passed the House of Representatives again
and again. It has twice passed both Houses
only to encounter the veto of the President of
the United States. I hope that claims so sacred,
which have been so often recognized by both
Houses of Congress, willno longer beneglected.
They are not in the hands of specula!ors, but
mainly in the hands of representatives of the
original sufferers, who now turn to Congress
for this boon. They justly complain that while
we are paying others we neglect them, the
very earliest claimants of our Government.
It was through these claims that the United
States acquired from France the renunciation
of those great, prodigious, almost infinite lia-
bilities which we had assumed. The treaties
of guarantee subsisting at the time between the
United States and France were canceled in
consideration of these claims, so that our Gov-
ernment was justly substituted to the French
Government in the liability, but our Govern-
ment, down to this day, has never paid these
claims. Now, I hope that the Senator from
Pennsylvania will kindly take charge of this
business and will press it forward.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I am much
obliged to the Senator from Massachusetts for
reminding me of this sacred duty; but I de-
sire to say at the same time that although I
agree with him in the justice of the claims, it
is hardly fair that he should expect the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, as now organized,
to pass through in one session that which he
has been striving for ten sessions to make a
law. Certainly the great experience of the
Senator from Massachusetts and the great zeal
which he always puts into everything he advo-
cates ought to have enabled him to be much
more successful than one without any experi-
ence at all. I can only promise, then, when
the question comes before me, I will do the
best I can.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to have reserved from
the general reference of bills the bill (S. No.
21) to pay members of certain military organ-
izations therein named.
