1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
778
another conference committee also. There-
fore, we have now fairly presented the ques-
tion whether we shall conveniently or incon-
veniently sit for this purpose, so that I renew
again my motion that the Senate take a recess
until half past seven o'clock, and I do so be-
cause there was some misapprehension about
it before; and I ask either a division upon the
question, so that we may vote understandingly,
or for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 30, noes 17.
So the motion was agreed to: and (at five
o'clock and twenty-six minutes p. in.) the Sen-
ate took a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. rn.
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion before the Senate is the motion of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] to post-
pone until to-morrow and print the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (II. R.
No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire unanimous con-
sent to call up and have passed a bill to which
I think there can be no possible objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order not to be invid-
ious, and without knowing what it is, I insist
on the regular order, as I shall against all other
things until it is disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider any other bill,
and objection is made. With the assent of
the Senate, the Chair will lay before the Sen-
ate several bills from the House of Represent-
atives.
HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills were severally read a
first time, and ordered to lie on the table:
A bill (IT. R. No. 425) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to give Wisewell barracks to the
Beulah Baptist church;
A bill (H. R. No. 420) for convening the
next Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, and for other purposes;
A bill (11. R. No. 427) declaring a post route
in the State of Georgia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 428) to establish certain
post roads.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask to bo excused
from further service upon the Committee on
Enrolled Bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on granting the request of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
The request was granted,
WITHDRAWAL OF I'APEKS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That James N. Carpenter have leave to
withdraw his petition anil papers from the files ot
the Senate.
ENFORCEMENT OF l'OURTEBNTU AMENDMENT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
bill (H. XI. No. 320) to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest the propriety,
as the House has adjourned until to-morrow,
of letting an order be entered to print this
report so that we can have it.
Mr. THURMAN. By unanimous consent,.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you expect this report
to go over in this body to-night?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, we can go on with
it, but it can be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What good will that do
to us ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. L^or the benefit of the.
House. They will have it then in print.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it does not take the
report from this body I will not object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not my object
to take it away. If we had made that order
when we met to-day, we should have had it on
our own tables now in print.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We had better go on.
Mr. COLE. It cannot be printed without
a copy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can have a copy
made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on with the
regular order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, that thcreport be printed and postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. My colleague was right
in saying that there is a statute of the State of
Kentucky providing for the payment of dam-
ages in ease of injuries done by mobs. I had
been told there was such a statute, but I in-
quired of the Senators from that State if such
was the fact and it was their opinion that it was
not. 1 sent for the Kentucky code and could
find no such statute. My colleague, however,
has now handed me the statute, and it is sim-
ply for the purpose of calling the attention of
the Senate to its provisions that I take the
floor again; and when I have read it I shall
have done. It is substantially the same as the
Maryland statute, containing the safeguards
that are in that statute and also one that is in
the New York statute to which I called the
attention of the Senate. It is a very short
act and I will read it; it is limited to the lia-
bility of cities; it does not extend to counties.
It is entitled "An act to indemnify in certain
cases the owners of property in cities that may
beinjured, taken away, or destroyed by mobs."
" Be it enacted by the General As&embhi of the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, if within any city of this Common-
wealth any church, convent or chapel, dwelling-
house or house used or designed for the transaction
of lawful business or deposit of property, any ship,
fchip-yard, boat or vessel, or any railroad or prop-
erty of a.ny kind belonging to any railroad company,
or any article of personal property, shall bo injured
or destroyed, or if any property therein or thereon
shall be taken away or injured by any riotous or
tumultuous assemblage of people, the full amount
of tho damage so done shall be recoverable by tho
sufferer or sufferers by action against said city. "
Now come the provisos, which arc the safe-
guards that I say ought to be in this bill:
"Provided, The authorities thereof have tho ability
of themselves, or with the aid of their own citizens,
to prevent such damage."
That is the first proviso; otherwise the city
is not liable:
"Andprovided also. That no person shall maintain
such action who shall have contributed by word or
deed toward inciting or inflaming such tumult, or
who shall have failed to do what ho reasonably could
do toward preventing, allaying, or suppressing it:
And provided further. That no such liability shall be
incurred bysuch eityunless the authorities thereof
shall have good reason to believe that such riot or
tumultuous assembly was about to take place, or
having taken place should havo had notice of the
same in time to prevent said injury or destruction,
either by their own force or by the aid of the citizens
of such city."
That is taken from the New York act. The
other provisos are substantially taken from the
Marylaud act. This act was approved March
10, 1850, and it shows what is the American
law on this subject, and shows what ought to
be in every act that provides for any such
indemnity.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will make a
single remark upon this act. My friend from
Ohio inquired of me if there was such a stat-
ute as that in the State of Kentucky. I had
no recollection of it and I did not believe that
there was. It is rather a late act, dated in
1850. I never had heard myself of a case that
arose under that act until the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio farthest from mo [Mr. Sher-
man] mentioned one that had been named to
him by a lawyer from Kentucky, to wit, in the
city of Paducah, about three hundred miles
from where I reside.
I certainly do not disapprove that law as it
has been read by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.] It is a just and wise and
proper law, when made by a competent and
a fit authority, and the only proper authority
in this couutry, in my judgment, to enact such
lawsistheLegislaturesof the respective States,
and I believe that every State ought to have
such a law, and it ought is be enforced faith-
fully and honestly.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
to postpone the report until to-morrow and
print it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that this motion
was disposed of before the recess took place
adversely. I so understood it, and I think it
will so appear in the proceedings in the Globe
to-morrow.
The 1>RESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that such is not the case; but an-
other Senator was in the chair at the time to
which the Senator from Vermont refers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. While I am up I wish
to say that, whatever may be the fate of this
motion, I shall feel bound to insist on the rule
that only two speeches on this subject shall be
bad from any one Senator.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
intend to discuss the particular amendment
that has been under discussion this afternoon.
The time for discussing the general power to
pass this bill, or the necessity for its passage,
has gone by. But we have heard to-day a
great many declarations that this bill was in
every part of it a violation of the Constitution;
that there was no power to pass the particular
amendment or clause which has been under
discussion. 1 havenotbeen, myself, very much
alarmed by these declarations of our Demo-
cratic friends in regard to the violation of the
Constitution and as to the results that are to
flow from it. I have heard such declarations
from the Democratic party ever since I have
had anything to do with politics.
I remember that in 1854, when the Missouri
compromise was repealed, that repeal was put
upon tho ground that Congress had no power
originally to make that compromise, or, in
other words, that Congress had no power to
exclude slavery from the Territories, that that
power belonged to the people of the Terri-
tories, and was denominated "popular sov-
ereignty." The repeal of the Missouri com-
promise may have been said to be the begin-
ning of the war.
In 1858 the Democratic , party took the
ground that the people of the Territories had
no power to exclude slavery therefrom ; hut
that the Constitution by its own inherent force
carried slavery into all the public domain and
protected it there.
In the winter of 1800-01 Mr. Buchanan, in
his message to Congress, took the ground that
the Government had no power to coerce a
State to remain in the Union, had no power,
in other words, to suppress the rebellion ; and,
I believe, that position taken by Mr. Buchanan,
in his message of December, 1800, was sus-
tained by the Democratic party in Congress
generally, with but few exceptions.
Then, when Mr. Lincoln called out seventy-
five thousand men in April, 1801, it was said
to bo a violation of the Constitution. It was
alleged that he had no power to do it. Then,
when the issue of legal-tender notes was made,
that was declared by the Democratic party to
be a violation of the Constitution, that there
was no power to make those notes a legal
tender in the payment of debts. Again, it was
said that the conscription law, which became
necessary to fill up our ArmyJ was a gross vio-
lation of the Constitution of the^Jnited States.
