774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,'
Again, it was said that Congress had 110 power
to pass confiscation laws. I believe the con-
stitutionality of those acts has been decided by
the Supreme Court within the last ten days.
Then, it was said that Mr. Lincoln had no
power to issue his proclamation of blockade.
He was severely denounced for that. The act
was said to be a gross and flagrant violation of
tlie Constitution of the United Slates. Then,
it, was said that Congress had no power to pre-
scribe test-oaths for the purpose of keeping
rebels out of office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Supreme Court up-
held the blockade in the prize cases.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, the legality of
the blockade was repeatedly decided. Then
it was said the President had no power to sus
pend the writ of habeas corpus. Then it was
denied that there was any power to make mil-
itary arrests and imprison men. That was a
source of very bitter denunciation against the
Republican party and against the Adminis-
tration. Then they declared that Mr. Lincoln
had no power to issue his proclamation of
emancipation, that the war power gave him no
authority to do that, but that it was a gross
violation of the Constitution of the United
States. Then, again, it was said that Con-
gress had no power to pass an act which it did
pass to disfranchise deserters. Then it was
said that the States had no power to make
appropriations of money to pay bounties to
volunteers. That question was particularly
made by the Democratic party in the State of
Pennsylvania, and it was finally decided by
the supreme court of that State.
Then, Mr. President, you will remember
that the Chicago convention which nominated ;
General McClellan on the 12th of July, 1864,
passed a resolution declaring that after having
tried the experiment of war without success
for four years, it was time to make peace, and
further declaring that the Constitution had
been violated in every part; if I remember
correctly—i use the very phrase employed in
the resolution—that the Constitution had been
violated in every part in the conduct of the
war.
Then, after the war was over, it was declared
that the civil rights bill was a gross violation
of the Constitution ; that there was no power
to pass that. It was also declared during the
war that there was no constitutional power to
suppress treasonable publications and treason-
able newspapers.
Again, we were told four years ago, and that
has been repeated constantly since, that there
was no constitutional power to pass the recon-
struction laws, that there was no constitutional
power to impose any limitations or conditions
to the return to the enjoyment of political
rights of those who had been engaged in the
rebellion; that they had the right to return to
the full enjoyment of civil and political power
without any conditions or limitations being
imposed upon them by Congress, that there
was no power to impose such conditions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And Johnson issued his
proclamation on that basis.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. Then it was said
last session when we passed the bill for the
purpose of preserving the purity of the ballot-
box in the election of members of Congress
that we had no right to do that; the Consti-
tution was torn an&almost ruined by the pas-
sage of that act. And now we are told that
we have no power to pass a bill for the protec-
tion of life and property and liberty in the
southern States; that the recent constitutional
amendments absolutely amount to nothing so
far as giving to Congress any power for their
enforcement is concerned. And so it goes;
the history of the Democratic party forthelast
eighteen years at least has been one of denial;
I do not mean by that self-denial, but it has
been one of denial and negation.
For these reasons I am not alarmed by the
declarations which have been made duringthis
debate by distinguished Senators that this bill
was a violation of the Constitution in every
part; that it destroyed the existence of States;
that it was a great and wicked usurpation of
power. I think that the Constitution gives us
the power to pass this bill, and that the condi-
tion of things in the southern States makes it
our imperative duty to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the further
consideration of this report until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. It occurred to me that
the Senator from Ohio might, perhaps, as we
have discussed the question of postponement
all day, and it has got to be almost to-morrow,
withdraw that motion and let us take the vote
on the main question. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio to withdraw the motion to post-
pone.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays have been ordered on the motion to
postpone the further consideration of this
report until to-morrow,and that it be printed;
and they will be taken.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, (when his
name was called.) On all questions connected
with this particular subject I am paired with
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire how
gentlemen could pair on a question they did
not know was coming up? [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order now.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (when his name was
called.) I am paired with the Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Rice] on the main question;
but I should vote against postponing this
report, and I think he would. Under the
circumstances, if it is necessary to make a
quorum, I feel at liberty to vote. I vote
"nay" on this motion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have beon requested
to state that the Senator from Massachusetts,
Mr. Sumner, and the Senator from Georgia,
Mr. Hill, are paired on this question. If
the Senator from Massachusetts were here he
would vote " nay;" the Senator from Georgia
would vote " yea."
Theresult was announced—yeas 13, nays
30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, John-
ston, Kelly, Salisbury, Stevenson, Stockton, Thur-
man. and Vickers—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Edmunds, Ferry of
Miehigan.Frclinghuysen,Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Losan, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer. Sher-
man, Spencer, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson,
Windom. and Wright—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett. Or agin, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, H"owe, Kellogg, Morrill
of Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Robertson,
Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Sumner, and West—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, when this
bill was heretofore under consideration I ex-
pressed my views in opposition to it at some
length and have since seen no reason to change
my opinions. The justifiable objects of any
law certainly must be to produce tranquillity
in a community. The man who, under the
guise of passing laws for the control of a peo-
ple, uses his power for the purpose of creating
discontent, is worthy of the severest condem-
nation. It is the betrayal of a trust, base and
wicked in every respect. His trust was to bring
peace to a people, and the breach of his trust
is to bring discord among his fellow-citizens.
There can be no surer way of bringing a gov-
ernment into disrespect, producing revolt, and
breeding discontents, than to let the people
feel injustice is intended toward them, to let
them be conscious that they are not to be treated
with fair play, with good faith It requires no
argument, it is instinctive to the mind of a
little child or the humblest apprehension quite
as quickly as to the most educated and logical
thinker.
The bill now under consideration has, in my
opinion, been intensified in its evil features,
in those features that will tend to breed dis-
content among our people, by the amendments
that have been put upon it, and, as it seems to
me, still more by the result of the conference
between the two Houses and iu the changes
effected by that committee.
I have the strong impression that I never
again shall consent to a vote being taken upon
an important measure at a certain hour, at
which debate is to close, unless all the amend-
ments, save those of a merely clerical charac-
ter, which may be offered, shall be known in
advance, so that they may be duly discussed.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator refers to
the seventh section of the bill, I will say that
I offered it and had it printed before the agree-
ment as to voting was entered into.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator
offered it when it was practically impossible
to discuss it.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow
me 
Mr. BAYARD. I remember that he offered
it on the night before we were to take the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to say that I offered it on the very day the bill
was reported, and it was printed.
Mr. BAYARD. I was not aware of that
fact, for I never saw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here it is in print.
Mr. BAYARD. It was probably my own
want of examination, then, but I never saw
that section in print. I believe it was in manu-
script when read from the desk. I never saw
it in print until after actually the bill had been
passed by the Senate.
However, sir, what is our duty as well as
the right of those whom we represent here is
to have measures sifted and discussed before
they become laws ; and I mean to say that
hereafter, I, for one, will not consent that any
measure so important as this shall become a
law until all its provisions have been open for
discussion for a reasonable and fair time. I
do not say that discussion (for we ought to
have learned that by this time) can effect any-
thing in this Chamber, or perhaps would effect
anything in high party times in any cham-
ber ; yet nevertheless each man has his duty in
this respect; it is a contribution of the seeds
of truthful intent that may bear its frui's,
although not at the moment and not in the
way that a man may precisely desire at the
time he offers them.
Mr. President, this bill came from the House
of Representatives to us with one single gra-
cious feature upon its rep ulsive face, in July,
1862, Congress passed a law compelling all
persons holding office under the Government
of the United States to subscribe to a certain
test-oath; and even prior to that time, in June,
1882, a test-oath had been prescribed for jurors
iu the United States courts. The system was
a false one. It had proved worthless in all
history. Test-oaths had been found to be little
else than a means of eviscerating honorable
men from those positions where reckless and
unscrupulous men did not hesitate to go—some
that the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Lewis] might term "squeamish;" that is to
say, men who would not swear to that which
they knew was untrue, whether it was respect-
ing a great or a little matter. It was a false
system; one that had been tried and discarded;
one that had injured our country most severely,
an injury which cannot be defined or esti-
mated ; but anything that tends to lower the
standard of truth in the minds of a people has
inflicted upon that people an almost irreme-
diable injury.
The other day I was glad for every reason,
chiefly from the fact that it removed the tempt-
ation of men to swear falsely, that the test-oath
respecting office was abolished by law. It was
not graciously met by the present Executive,
