1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
the Territory of Utah, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 177) to provide for a reissue of national
bank notes, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, referred to theComrnit-
lee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 178) for the relief oLNicholas P. Trist,
negotiator of the treaty of (faadalupe Hidalgo ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to appeal to
the Senate to act on that bill at once. It was
passed during the last fortnight of the late
session, after debate, on the yeas and nays, by
a large vote. The party who is to bo relieved,
Mr. Trist, is a venerable gentleman, now at
Alexandria, aged, very infirm, and very de-
pendent. The Senatej I think, after consid-
eration the other day, gladly adoptedthe bill.
Now I appeal to ttie Senate to put it on its
passage, so that it may go to the House of
Representatives, and at least take its chance
of being acted upon there before we go home.
If there is any objections of course it c&nnotbe
proceeded with, but as the Senate have already
acted on it 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of this bill ? _
Mr. HOWE. I dislike very much to inter-
pose an objection, but the Senator will remem-
ber that when this question was before the Sen-
ate before it was debated by several Senators.
Mr. SUMNER. The vote was on the yeas
and nays. There were about thirteen or four-
teen nays. .
Mr. HOWE. I should not want to admit
that there was a small vote against it; but I
admit there was a large vote for it. I think
there ought to have been a much larger vote
against it than there was before, and I am in
hopes there will be now. I do not think the
bill ought to pass, and ! should rather have it
considered by a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator object
to its consideration now ?
Mr. HOWE. I do.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say to the Senator
that this beneficiary is old and infirm and very
dependent. X have peculiar information since
the bill passed the Senate on that subject,
making his case one of peculiar charity. I
would not appeal to the Senate to do what even
any individual Senator would be reluctant to
have done, but I am entirely satisfied myself
of the merits of the bill, and_ I believe on
debate it cannot fail to be sustained.
Mr. HOWE. Well, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator puts it upon the ground of charity. I shall
not interpose an objection against a claim ot
charity. I shall want to know what the claim
is before I vote for it. I voted against the bill
before, and, unless I hear new facts, I shall
vote against it again. But the Senator puts it
on the ground of a charity, and I will not inter-
pose a single objection against any such scheme
as that. I am, therefore, so far as I am indi-
vidually concerned, ready to consider this bill
now. , .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Islhereobjection
to the present consideration of the bill intro-
duced by the Senator from Massachusetts lor
the relief of Nicholas P. Trist? The Chair
hears none, and it is before the Senate as m
Committee of the Whole. Will the Senator
from Massachusetts yield to allow morning
business to be concluded?
Mr. SUMNER. I will, certainly.
business of the session.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution for consideration :
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no general legislation ,e*cept,sli?
relate*? to the suppression of di&oidei ana tue
protection of life and property in the several States.
disorder in the south.
Mr. MORTON. I offer a resolution, and
ask for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has a bill before the Senate for
present consideration, but has yielded to allow
routine morning business.
Mr. MORTON. This will occupy but a
moment.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the report
and accompanying evidence, and twenty thousand
copies of thereport withouttheevidence, of the spe-
cial committee appointed to investigate southern
outrages, be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Indiana that printing the report, I pre-
sume, embraces both the majority and minority
reports. „ .
Mr. MORTON. If the minority desire it,
let that be included. It is not my province to
propose the printing of the minority views.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that
they do.
Mr. CASSERLY. I took it for granted that
the resolution included the reports of the ma-
jority and minority.
Mr. MORTON. I am willing that it should
be so amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be modi-
fied accordingly, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing, under the law.
iron ship-building, etc.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate to tho Senate sucn proposals
(if any) as may have been made to him for estab-
lishing iron ship-building yards and docks, to econ-
omizo expenditures in the Navy, and to aid in restor-
ing commerce, with such explanations, suggestions,
and recommendation as he may deem advantageous
to the Government in connection with that subject.
iiayden's geological report.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
concurrent resolution j which was referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tive concurring,) That there be printed twenty
thousand fire hundred copies of Professor Hayden 3
preliminary report to the Secretary of the Interior
of the United States geological survey for the year
1870 fifteen thousand copies of which shall be tor
the use of the House of Representatives and five
thousand copies for the use of the Senate, and five
hundred copies for distribution by the Smithsonian
Institution.
customs service.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, on intro-
ducing the bill (S. No. 2) to regulate the ser-
vice in the collection of customs at the various
ports of entry in the United States, and the
disposition of fines, penalties, and forfeitures
incurred under the laws relating to^ customs,
and for other purposes, I gave notice that I
would ask the consent of the Senate at an
early day this week to make a few remarks
upon it. I should be glad now to have the
consent of the Senate to call up the bill for
the purpose of submitting those remarks. 1
shall not occupy much time, and, when I con-
clude, will move to refer the bill to one of the
standing committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a bill
now before the Senate, the bill for the relief
of Nicholas P. Trist, introduced by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Summer.]
Mr. FENTON. Will the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts give way until I can call
the attention of the Senate to this Dili.
Mr. SUMNER. I do so with great pleasure,
with the understanding that the bill which I
have moved shall not lose its P|ace;
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ihe bill for the
relief of Nicholas P. Trist being before the
Senate, the Senator from New York asks unan-
imous consent that it be informally passed over
that he may submit some remarks prior to
the reference of the bill introduced by him.
If there be no objection, it will be so ordered.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that the bill intro-
duced by me be read, that the Senate may see
what its provisions are.
The bill (S. No. 2) to regulate the service
in the collection of customs at the various
ports of entry in the United States, and the
disposition of fines, penalties, and forfeitures
incurred under the laws relating to customs,
and for other purposes, was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled. That in lieu of the salaries, moieties, and per-
quisites, of whatever name or nature, now paid to
and received by collectors, naval officers, survey-
ors, and other officers and employes connected with
the collectors' departments in the various ports in
thellnited States, the compensation of such officers
shall hereafter be regulated and fixed as follows:
For the collector ot the district of New York,
$15,000 per annum.
For the surveyor and naval officer at the port ot
New York, each $10,000 per annum. ,T
For the assistant collector of the district or ISlew
York, $6,000 per annum. .
For the deputy collectors of the district of New
York, each $5,000 per annum. _
For the chief clerk of each division under a deputy
collector at the port of New York. {3,000 per annum.
For the day inspectors of customs in the district 01
New York, five dollars per diem.
For night inspectors at said port, four dollars per
The compensation of the entry and liquidating
el erks in the office of the collector of customs at N ew
York shall be fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury
at a sum not to exceed S3,000 per annum : Provided,
Thatsuehstorekeepers, clerks, messengers, and other
employes shall be appointed by the Secretary ot the
Treasury, on the nomination of the collector, as in
the opinion of the Secretary may be necessary to
perform the duties required in the collector s depart-
ment in said district of New York, at salaries to be
fixed by him, not to exceed those now paid lor liko
services. The compensation of assistant naval oth-
cers and deputy surveyors at the port of A ew i ork
shall be, respectively, as that paid to deputy col-
lectors for said district; and the compensation of the
liquidating clerks, entry clerks, and cuiet clerks xn
the naval office shall be the same, respectively, as
that fixed for like officers in the collector s depart-
ment : And provided further, 1 hat such officers shall
be appointed by the Secretary of the .Treasury on
the nomination of the surveyor or naval officer, re-
spectively ; and that the other clerks and messengers
required in the office of the surveyor and naval offi-
cer shall be appointed in likemanner, and at salaries
to be fixed by the Secretary of tho Treasury, not ex-
ceeding those now paid for like services: And pro-
vided further, That the officer known as the auditor
in the office of the collector at New York shall be a
deputy collector, detailed by the collector m charge
ot the division which has the auditing of accounts
and the performance of the duties now devolving
upon the auditor's department in said office; ana
the officer now known as assistant auditor shall be
hereafter designated and known as chiet clerK ot
^SEc'lfThat in lieu of the officers now employed
at the port of New York in weighing, gauging, and
measuring merchandise, imported and exported,
under the customs laws, there shall be one super-
intendent of weighing, gauging, and measuring,
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, at a
salary of $5,000 per annum. There shall also bo
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, on the
nomination of such superintendent, assistantsupor-
intendents of weighing, gauging, and measuring,
not exceeding twelve in number, whose compensa-
tion shall not exceed the suta of $io00 per annum,
and such a number of clerks, foremen, and messen-
gers as the Secretary snail deem ba
aries fixed by him. Said superintendent shall bo
authorized to employ s"ch a number of laborers as
may be absolutely required to perform the labor m
his department, at a compensation not to exceed
fortv cents per hour for each hour & labor act-
ually performed. The duty of the superintendent
anointed under this act, and the officers employed
under him, shall be to perform all the services now
Derformed by the weighers, gaugers, and
Srers of merchandise at said port. And the Seere-
tary of the Treasury shall make such regulations as
may be necessary to carry into eiiect the foregoing
^Ssa^That the compensation of the appraiser,
assistant appraisers, and other officers
in the appraisers' department, at the port oi .New
York, shall hereafter be as follows:
For the appraiser, $10,000 per annum. ^
For each of the assistant appraisers, per
alFormeach of the examiners, a sum not to exceed
$3,000 per annum. ^immnvbe
For each of the clerks m said
designated chief clerks, a sum not to exceeds,DUO
" FoT'deTks, verifiers, and samplers, a sum not to
exceed §1,500 per annum to each.
KK saicP department
