776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
port, of assistance performed by them to the
southern troops in the field were numberless.
In truth those troops never could have been
maintained in the field half the time they were
except for the ready and cheerful service of
the black men of the southern States.
Who, then, are to form your juries? If you
have abolished your oath of office, why in all
reason did you not abolish this still more strin-
gent and prescriptive oath to jurors?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question, if I do not interrupt him?
Mr. BAYARD. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend what his
information is as to the composition of juries
since the war ended in 1865, this act and more
than we leave in it by this present bill being in
force. Has the act been anything more than
a provision which enabled parties in a case of
prejudice or unfair practice to exercise the
right of having the jury sifted? Have not the
juries been composed, as a whole, of the best
members of the community in the social and
local sense?
Mr. BAYARD. As to that I must speak
from information only; I have no personal
knowledge ; I never yet in my life saw a black
man upon a jury; but I understand that this
law and other laws accompanying it, under
which the juries have been chosen, have sadly
degraded the character of southern juries.
Sir, I believe to-day that one of the chief
causes of discontent and trouble in the south-
em States is the degradation into which you
have brought public justice by the class of men
who have been appointed to dispense it, and
among none others more than the trial by jury.
If men feel that they are to have justice in the
courts, if they feel that they are to have a fair
trial by jury, then they will go forward and
f submit themselves to the laws, and should
they be convicted there will be no heart-
burnings about it. He will feel he has been
fairly tried; but when a man is convicted with-
out fair trial, when he is brought before a
packed jury, I tell you that the sense of
injustice not only burns into his heart, but
into the heart of every man who cares for
him or even hears of the circumstance. Why,
sir, human nature recoils from such manifest
injustice!
X have seen packed juries ever since the heated
times of war in which we have lived. The Pres-
ident of the United States has had the appoint-
ment of the marshal of the district where I live;
and it has fallen to my lot to go before juries
selected by partisans in the midst of great ex-
citement, when the chasm was both broad and
deep between men's opinions. I have gone
before such juries. I have seen them trying
men, and I have felt that from the time they
entered the box hope fled from the defendant's
case, that no man could be brought before
them charged with an offense against the Gov-
ernment of the United States which had a
political taint upon it and expect justice at
their hands. I have deprecated it. I believe
there is no greater wound inflicted upon good
government than the destruction of men's
belief in the justice and uprightness of the
tribunals whose decisions are to affect their
life, liberty, and property.
Therefore, sir, I make this objection to this
section, that it is contrary to the spirit of
human justice ; it is contrary to any hope for
tranquillity in a community to exclude the best
men in it, confessedly the best, from sitting
upon juries. It is not their right alone, it is
the right of those who are to betriedby them;
and it is therefore in substance a complete
violation of that clause of the Federal Consti-
tution which was designed to secure a speedy
and public trial by an impartial jury to the
humblest mas charged with an offense against
the laws.
Mr. President, I believe it was an oversight
that this jury test-oath was not abolished with
the oath of office. There was no reason for
the abolition of the one that would not apply
still more forcibly to the abolition of the other.
But now any court, upon motion by a district
attorney, may require the clerk to tender to
each and every person who may be summoned
to serve as a grand or petit juror this oath.
There is to be no discrimination, as I under-
stand this language, but it is to be tendered
to the entire panel as they are severally called
upon to swear, and you are to exclude by
means of this oath men whom you yourselves
to-day rely upon as the best supporters of your
policy and for your hopes of success in the
southern States. There are judges of the
United States courts in South Carolina and
in North Carolina who would find it difficult,
if not impossible, to take this jurors' oath. I
am instructed by my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Johustos] that the United States judge in his
district may, while presiding on the bench, act-
ually order jurors to take a test-oath which he
himself would be incapable of taking, and, as
I am informed, the district attorney of that dis-
trict is incapable of taking it. What a com-
mentary is this upon your law !
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, if he will allow me to
do so.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. Does this bill make the
law any worse than it is now? Is not the
fault of this bill, in the eye of the Senator,
simply the fact that it does not repeal a law
which he regards as obnoxious?
Mr. BAYARD. In the first place, this bill
creates a very large class of offenses that never
existed before, cases in which.the penalties are
of the most severe character, and brings, them
into the jurisdiction of the United States courts;
and in addition to that, the Senate is called
upon to strike out the remedial action of the
House of Representatives. The House had
provided for the repeal of this law; the Senate
are now refusing to concur. That signifies that
the House has more sense of justice, more
feeling which will tend to restore like good
will between the sections of this country than
the Senate; in other words, that its hatred to
the South is not quite so relentless and bitter.
Mr. President, one word now as to section
seven, which provides for a recompense to
owners of houses, tenements, cabins, shops,
buildings, barns, granaries, &c., for their de-
struction by fire or otherwise, from the public
treasury, I believe. The present amendment
saddles it upon the county, city, or parish at
first, and any property there may be levied on
for the purpose. The intent of this bill, we
all know, was to punish, not the wrongs of
white^ men, but the wrongs alleged to have
been inflicted upon blacks.
The whole current of testimony taken before
the committee raised by the Senate, and all
that comcs to our knowledge, and all that in
the very nature of things could be true, is that
the property which is destroyed by incendi-
arism in the southern States belongs almost
exclusively to the men who are in opposition
to your party and its measures. Therefore,
you are absolutely forcing the owners of these
houses and barns to pay for their own losses.
Those who burn them down, according to the-
testimony of the witnesses, are persons totally
without property, who do this at the instiga-
tion of others more powerful and wicked than
themselves. The testimony was before the
Senate that the destruction of barns in Chat-
ham county, North Carolina, was by a regular
band of men sworn and acting under the writ-
ten orders of the late Governor of North Car-
olina, (Holden.) The testimony will show you
that the horizon of that country would be lit up
at night by the flames of the entire products
of three or four farms for the entire year, de-
stroyed in a few minutes. Who caused this
loss? The other people who had barns and
were watching them with care and anxiety?
Certainly not. It was caused by these penni-
less incendiaries, these poor and worthless
men who had no interest whatever in the prop-
erty of the country excepting as they might
derive from it employment, and when they
could r.ot obtain that, in their madness? and
instigated by the villainy of their political
masters, they destroyed this property. The
horrible picture drawn in the testimony before
the Senate of the flames wrapping in destruc-
tion the barns of the farmers in North Caro-
lina, and, as the unfortunate owners vainly
endeavored to save their property and avert
ruin from their wives and innocent children,
how the negro assassins, lurking in the sur-
rounding darkness, sought to kill them with
their shot-guns, ought not to be forgotten by
those who live in happy security in their com-
fortable northern and western homesteads.
Let the real facts come home to the minds
and hearts of the honest yeomanry of the North
and West, and such laws will not long remain
upon the statute-book or men sent to Congress
who will sustain them.
What a farce it is to suppose there is any
justice in saddling the loss caused by these
crimes upon the very class who alone sustain
the loss of property in question. If a man owns
two barns and one is destroyed he is assessed
upon the barn that is left to pay for the barn
that was destroyed, and that you call justice 1
Ah, Senators, I think when this bill goes before
the people of the northern country, when it
goes into the rich grain regions of Pennsyl-
vania and Ohio and New York, the grain-bear-
ing States of the West, and the people there
see that you have provided that the very acts
of incendiarism which are a terror to the own-
ers of barns and houses shall be committed, not
only for their ruin in the first place, but abso-
lutely upon the poor remnant of their property
they shall be taxed for that which was their
own loss, they will condemn it. The proposi-
tion is abominable; it is unreasonable. There
never was so unreasonable and unjust a law
proposed before to the American people. I
feel sure that the very enormities of this law
will render it inoperative. The very enormi-
ties of the law will disappoint the malice of
those who think they will cause men who
oppose them in opinion to suffer by it.
Already gentlemen on this side of the Cham-
ber have explained the grossly unconstitutional
results of this law, its iniquity, its injustice, its
want of precedent, its utter want of reason,
and therefore I shall not detain the Senate
longer on that point. I feel conscious that
there will be in the sense of justice, in the
common sense of the people of the northern
States of this country, a condemnation of this
whole scheme and its promoters, and I earn-
estly hope that not only will it fail to produce
the suffering and excite the discontent it is
intended to produce, but that it will recoil
upon those who have invented it. 1 feel
assured that the voice of the people of the
North will be heard in stern condemnation
of this utterly unconstitutional, unjust, hostile
proceeding against a large portion of their
fellow-countrymen.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I do not rise to make any argument in refer-
ence to this amendment, but to express my
opinion in relation to it. I desire that this
amendment may be stricken from the bill. I
did not vote for it when it was before the Sen-
ate, and I hope it will not be incorporated in
this bill; but at the same time I do not say
that I shall vote against the bill if it is made a
part of it. I feel the more at liberty to do
this, inasmuch as it is a part of the bill that
does not come from the committee to which
the subject was referred. Perhaps I am at
liberty to say that this very measure was be-
fore that committee and by it rejected.
The amendment is certainly most defective.
It is a law made to apply to the thousands and
tens of thousauds of govern mental corporations
over this whole Union. It ought to be guarded
