72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
the conduct of public officers. It was
the only committee that in vacation as well as
during the session of Congress could ferret out
abuses iu the various branches of the public
service. How faithfully it endeavored to dis-
charge that duty it is not for me, who belonged
to that committee, to say; but the Senate
knows and the country knows. I must con-
fess that nothing surprised me more than to
find that that committee was abolished. ^ Cer-
tainly here was the great subject of civil ser-
vice reform, of which that committee had been
in charge. Bill after bill had been referred to
it by the Senate and also by the House of
Representatives.
Again, it was in the investigation of the
custom-house at New York, and of other
offices where it had been alleged that great
abuses prevailed—abuses that every Senator,
I should think, would feei it his duty to sup-
press if it were possible. But just at the time
that that committee was in the midst of this
investigation, after the most serious charges
had been made, and when the committee had
brought to light matters that demanded the
attention of the Senate, for some reason or
other that I think the country will want to
know, that committee is abolished. No other
committee takes its place. No other commit-
tee is charged with any such duty. To no
other committee is the subject of civil service
reform or the investigation of abuses ill the
various Departments of the Government sub-
mitted by the Senate. There is no standing
committee upon any subject. But this com-
mittee that has existed for a long time, that
performed services before I belonged to it—I
say nothing of what it has performed since
then—which merit the approbation of the Sen-
ate and the approbation of the country, is all
at once blotted out of existence.
1 should like to have some explanation of
that. 1 should like to know why it is that
investigation into the conduct of the officers
of the Government is in this way stopped. I
.should like to know why it is that hereafter we
must have a special committee for every case
i hat may be brought out and no committee at
all unless some case specifically is laid before
the Senate. It does seem to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this is a step in the wrong direction,
it does seem to me that that committee was
not only needed, but a most useful committee.
It does seem to me that its abolition means,
or rather will appeir to the country to mean,
that we are to have no investigation of abuses,
we are to have no civil service reform.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to answer a remark
of my colleague. My colleague passes a very
proper and just eulogy upon the late Commit-
tee on Retrenchment. 1 have nothing to say
about it; he was a member of it, and I have
no doubt he is aware of its labors; but if he
would inquire a little more into the character
of that committee he would have been able to
answer himself the reason of its discontinu-
ance. It was not a standing committee of the
Senate. If it had been, it could not have been
abolished upon a mere summary proceeding
of this kind. It was a select committee and a
joint committee, and therefore fell with the
Congress which created it. There is no au-
thority on the part of the Senate to create a
joint committee, and there is no power in the
Senate to continue a joint committee by merely
designating the members of a former joint
committee in a preceding Congress.
This is the whole explanation. If my col-
league will look at the list of committees he
will find there, first, our standing commit-
tees, which, by the rules of the Senate, are
announced at the beginning of each session,
and which have been, in pursuance of the ordin-
ary duty, filled up; and then there are certain
select committees which are committees of the
Senate only, which exist at the pleasure of the
Senate and during the will of the Senate, and
they are filled up merely because the subject-
matters referred to them are still pending in
the Senate. But there is no joint select com-
mittee of the two Houses continued unless by
resolution of the two Houses. I have no doubt
if a member of Congress thought it proper to
continue the Committee on Retrenchment that
on a concurrent resolution of the two Houses
it could be revived and continued, and the
same subjects which were referred to it in the
last Congress referred to it now. But there
was no such order made, and it is not within
the power of the Senate to continue the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment except in pursuance
of a concurrent resolution of the two Houses.
This will explain to my colleague the reason
why it has not been continued. As to the
necessity of it, that is a different question. I
do not know myself whether it is necessary to
continue it or not. I never considered that
question. I have generally opposed joint
committees, except where they relate to the
current order of business, like the Committee
on Printing, the Committee on the Library,
or the like; but I think that generally joint
committees ought not to be authorized by
either House.
I am perfectly willing to see a proper com-
mittee on retrenchment, and see them kept
constantly at work in the New York custom-
house and in other departments of the Gov-
ernment; and I suppose when any member of
the Senate really has any allegation that, in his
judgment ought to be examined, involving the
character or integrity of any public officer or
any public office, there will be no difficulty in
having a select committee appointed at any
time. But my answer is sufficiently explicit
already, that there is no power in the Senate
to continue the joint Committee on Retrench-
ment except by the introduction of a concur-
rent resolution assented to by the House of
Representatives; and this can be done now as
well as at any other time.
Mr. THURMAN. I submit that the explan-
ation of my colleague goes rather to the form,
and not to the substance of the thing. When
I entered the Senate, at the beginning of the
Forty-First Congress, I found myself placed
on the joint Committee on Retrenchment. It
was then continued, and the same steps that
were taken then to continue that committee
might have been taken now at the commence-
ment of the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was continued by a
resolution introduced by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] passed without
objection here, and sent to the other House.
The same course can bo pursued now. If the
Senator from New Hampshire, who was chair-
man of the committee—and it would be per-
fectly proper for him to do it—should submit
a resolution of that kind, I would vote for it
with pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. It still seems to me that
that is merely, with due deference to my col-
league, "sticking in the bark." It is not
necessary to wait for the Senator from New
Hampshire to be here to perpesuate this com-
mittee. And now one word in regard to its
being a joint committee. I share the same
opinion with my colleague in general opposition
to joint committees which are to inaugurate
legislation; but a joint committee to make
investigations is another thing. A committee
that is to inaugurate legislation ought not, in
my judgment, to be a joint committee, as a
general thing, because it prevents due consid-
eration by the two Houses independently of
each other ; but a committee to make investi-
gations may well be joint, for it saves expense,
it saves one half the expense, and the work is
generally better done. But if it is intended to
revive this committee, or to make some other
committee charged with similar duties, of
course all will be right. But I do say that such
a committee^ as that is needed if anything is
needed in this Government.
Mr. SCHURZ. I agree in all that has been
said by my friend from Ohio [Mr. Thdrhan]
with regard to the Retrenchment Committee,
and I will inform him that I should have in-
troduced a resolution to revive it had I not
waited for the Senator from New Hampshire,
who conducted the proceedings of that com-
mittee with so much ability and success, and
to whom that privilege properly belongs. I
myself was a member of that committee, and
should have introduced the resolution but for
that circumstance.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose this motion
to refer the bill to the Committee on Finance
was the result of a misapprehension on the
part of the Senator^ from New York, [Mr.
Fexton,] as the nominations of custom-house
officers and all measures connected with the
customs go to the Committee on Commerce,
while financial matters go to the Committee
on Finance. I suppose he was not aware of
that fact when he proposed to send his bill to
the Committee on Finance instead of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which it belongs.
Mr. FENTON. I hope that will not be
done. The subject has been before the Com-
mittee on Finance with Senate bill No. 931 of
the last Congress, introduced in May last, and
its further consideration was deferred to await
some reports from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. This bill has been drawn up with great care,
after considerable investigation and inquiry on
my part, and with which the Finance Commit-
tee have become somewhat familiar. It relates
largely to fines, forfeitures, and penalties, and
seizures which affect the revenue service of the
country, and it is properly a subject for the
consideration of the Committee on Finance, I
think. I should be glad to have it go to that
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not myself de-
sire to contest with the Senator from Michigan
the reference of this bill, though I think from
its nature and according to the rules it is rather
more proper for the Committee on Finance,
because it relates solely to the duties of those
collecting the revenue, and not to any question
of commerce. There is no question referred
to in this bill relative to commerce between
the States or with foreign nations; it is only
as to the mode and manner of conducting busi-
ness by our own revenue officers. However,
I would be very glad to get rid of the subject
so far as I am personally concerned, and I am
perfectly willing to let it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce ; but the Senator
from New York who introduced the bill is a
member of the Committee on Finance, and it
has been usual in such cases to allow a Sen-
ator having charge of a subject of this kind,
taking an interest in it, to refer it to the com-
mittee of which he is a member if he desires
it, and if the committee is a proper one; and
the Committee on Finance, according to rea-
son, should be the proper committee to con-
sider this particular subject, because it does
not relate to commeTcSTbut simply to revenue
and to the conduct of the revenue officers.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall be very happy
to have the Committee on Finance spend as
much time as they please in examining it. Of
course they will refer it to the Committee on
Commerce before they propose any action, as
it belongs there; and if they will spend a
month or so in examining it wo shall bo very
happy to receive any light they may cast on
the matter. It relates to collectors and other
revenue officers in the custom-house, all of
which business goes to the Committee on Com-
merce ; but I have no preference myself, and I
shall be very happy to be relieved of the pre-
liminary examination.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the first committee moved—the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. FENTON. I understand the Senator
from Michigan to withdraw his motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
