778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Pinckney and other members of that Conven-
tion again and again that the General Govern-
ment should interfere whenever it was neces-
sary for the purpose of establishing peace in a
State without the application of the Legisla-
ture or of the Governor, and that proposition,
as often as it was made, was distinctly, upon
elaborate debate by some of the ablest mem-
bers of the Convention, voted down, and the
provision was made, after these repeated dis-
cussions, in the form in which I have read it
from the Constitution; and Mr. Justice Story
says in the Commentaries that there is no pre-
text—that is his language—for the interference
by the United States Government in the affairs
of a State for the purpose of establishing
domestic peace in a State or of repressing dis-
order until express application has been made
by the Legislature or the Governor of the State.
That is the Constitution; and that provision of
the Constitution is expressly recognized in the
case of Luther vs. Borden, the Rhode Island
case.
I state it as a constitutional principle, ex-
pressly established by the language of the
Constitution, that under no pretense whatever
can the General Government interfere in the
concerns of a State in order to repress domes-
tic violence until the General Government
has been applied to by the Legislature or the
Governor of that State for its interference.
That is the Constitution ; that is the Constitu-
tion which every man in this body has sworn
to support; that is the Constitution as it is
written ; that is the Constitution as it is con-
strued by the greatest commentator upon the
instrument, Judge Story ; that is the Consti-
tution as it is recognized by the Supreme Court
in the case of Luther vs. Borden ; that is the
Constitution as it was settled by the wise men
who framed it after full, repeated, and mature
deliberation and judgment, and upon the
gravest reasoning in the world.
Sir, a usurper, the head of a great party in
possession of the Government, if he was a man
of vaulting ambition and of great capacity,
would want no better opportunity than to have
it in his power, unbidden by the Legislatures
and Governors of the States, to interpose in
their affairs for the purpose of repressing do-
mestic violence. A Ctesar, a Cromwell, a
Bonaparte, a man of great military capacity
and of boundless ambition, would want no bet-
ter opportunity than this carte blanche to inter-
fere in the affai'rs of the States. In times like
these, if the narrow-minded and puny intel-
lect that now presides at the White House was
a Marlborough, or a Wellington, or a Hanni-
bal, or a Caesar, or a Cromwell, he would want
no better opportunity than that which this bill
gives him to interfere in the affairs of the
southern States. It would be like putting the
lamb in the custody of the wolf, and the south-
ern States would fare about as badly as the
lamb would in the custody of the wolf.
But, Mr. President, if my honorable friend
from Indiana were here, I would state still
another objection, constitutional in its char-
acter. I admit that I have something of a
penchant to originate constitutional objections.
I am devoted to the instrument. Abused,
trampled under foot, violated, and despoiled
from day to day, as it has been by the party
in power, still " around the dear ruin each
wish of my heart entwines itself verdantly
still." I am for defending its fragments, for
gathering them together, and, in the spirit in
which it was made, I am for its reconstruction,
and I hope the ti me will come when the people
of America will all take up the same sentiment
and act toward the same glorious resurrection.
But, sir, I was about to bring the attention
of the Senate to another constitutional objec-
tion to this bill. The Constitution provides
that—
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless in when cases of rebellion
^ or invasion the public safety may require it."
Now, Mr. President, what is my position?
The terms "rebellion" and "invasion" in
this clause have a fixed meaning. They mean
the same that they meant when the Constitu-
tion was adopted by the people of the States,
and Congress has no power to change their
meaning. If Congress can change the mean-
ing of these phrases and other phrases upon
which the principles of this Government and
the liberties of the people are based, at their
pleasure, there is no stability in our Govern-
ment at all; we have no fixed and stable Gov-
ernment ; everything is at sea ; and the great
fundamental principles of our Government,
the great principles of personal and political
liberty established by it, have no stability, no
fixed meaning, but all will depend upon the
various, fluctuating will of Congress, as factions
and parties among our people rise and fall.
Suppose Congress was to pass a law declar-
ing that if one State made an irruption into
another State it should be invasion, and that
it should be a ground for the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus. I say that such a
law as that would be flagrantly and flagitiously
unconstitutional. Why? Because the term
"invasion" was well understood when the
Constitution was framed. It was debated in
the Convention, and its meaning was fixed.
There was a provision in the Constitution that
contained the phrase "foreign invasion," and,
upon the motion of Mr. Madison himself, the
term "foreign" was stricken out, because it
was nothing but surplusage and repetition;
that the word "invasion" carried necessarily
and as strongly and distinctly the idea of inva-
sion by a foreign Power as though the term
"foreign" were retained, and therefore the
word "foreign" was stricken out.
There are but two states of case, according
to the Constitution, in which the great writ
of personal liberty, which can only be sus-
pended in England by the imperial Parliament,
can be suspended. What are they? One is
invasion. Suppose that this Congress, sup-
pose that the present Executive, desised to
have a suspension of that great writ which can
look into every dungeon and every bastile in
America, although they be guarded by ten thou-
sand bayonets and a thousand cannon, that
can look into their deepest recesses and can
command the custodian to bring forth the pris-
oners who have been immured there, and have
not seen the sunlight for days and months, up
to any judge in the United States for him to
inquire into the cause of their imprisonment.
That writ commands the custodian to bring
up the body of the prisoner, that he (the custo-
dian) may receive, accept, and do the judgment
of the court in relation to the matter of the
imprisonment. That is one of the offices of
the writ of habeas corpus, and a most glorious
and sacred office it is. Wherever the trial by
jury and thewritof habeas corpus prevail unob-
structed, there is liberty.
Now, if the President of the United States
wanted this writ suspended upon the ground
that a State was invaded, what would he do?
What would he command his faithful Lords
and Commons to do? He would say to them,
as is proven in this volume of testimony,
"North Carolina has been invaded by an.
irruption from Tennessee; there are men who
have gone into North Carolina from Tennes-
see, and who there have violated the laws of
that State and outraged the rights and the lib-
erties of the people of North Carolina; that is
an invasion by Tennessee of North Carolina;
therefore, it makes out a case which author-
izes Congress to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus.'''' Suppose Congress should pass a
law that such an irruption by lawless, despe-
rate men from Tennessee into North.Carolina
should be held and deemed an invasion, and
should authorize the President, by reason
thereof, to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
in the State of North Carolina. Is there any
lawyer in this body who would go before the
Supreme Court, or any other respectable court,
and risk his reputation as a constitutional law-
yer by asserting that in that state of case Con-
gress would have the right to declare that the
irruption from Tennessee into North Carolina
was an invasion, and that it authorized Con-
gress to pass a law to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus ? That would only be parallel
to what this bill proposes to do.
The same clause of the Constitution reads:
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when in oases of rebel-
lion."
Sir, what is "rebellion?" What power has
Congress to define rebellion? Here is a great
party that has exercised power outside of the
Constitution for ten long years. It is flushed
by its strength and by the non-resistance of
the American people to its usurpations, to its
enormous acts of tyranny and oppression. In
the delirium of its power, what is it now pro-
posing to do? It is proposing to pass a law
to change the definition of rebellion ; to make
that rebellion which was not rebellion when
the Constitution was adopted, what is not now
rebellion, what no authority, no semblance of
reason, except the reason of Congress, will
endeavor to make rebellion, if you may call
that reason. And what do they say is rebel-
lion? That if two or more men combine to-
gether to deprive a third person of any right
secured to him as enumerated in this act, and
they are not punished by the State authorities,
each such case shall be a case of rebellion;
that each such case shall authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to march the armies
and all the militia of the United States into
the State where such a trifling and frequent
occurrence takes place; and if the persons
engaged in it are not punished by the State
authorities, although they have violated only
a State law, they shall be deemed criminals
against the United States law; they shall be
tried, not in the State courts for a violation
of the State law, but in the United States
courts for a violation of the State law; and the
act, in addition, shall authorize the President
of the United States to take military posses-
sion of the State where this single, isolated
act of violence occurred, and in addition to
that, it shall authorize him to proclaim martial
law and to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
in the State.
I would ask the honorable Senator from
Indiana if he were in his seat, I ask the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont who has charge
of this bill, where is the power conferred upon
Congress to change the definition of the term
"rebellion," to make that rebellion which
was not rebellion at the time the Constitution
was adopted and which is not rebellion now,
to make that rebellion, which, according to the
universal sense of all mankind, is not now
rebellion ? Where is the power of Congress
to'make such a change in this term? What is
the reason of it? It is to give a pretext, a
miserable subterfuge, a transparent, false apol-
ogy to the President of the United States to
march his armed myrmidons into any State
that is not likely to vote for him, to take pos-
session of it by his armed military power, to
stalk over that land, in the language of the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott, ] with his heel a little more heavily shod
with iron, and, if needs be, to fire into the
mob, and not with blank cartridges. That is
the object; that is the purpose.
What is rebellion, Mr. President? [Mr.
Sawyer in the chair.] You are a scholar and
you are well acquainted with language. You
know and every man knows that rebellion
amounts to one or two of these acts and posi-
tions: it is an open, armed, declared resist-
ance to throw off the government of one's
country; or it is an open, avowed, and armed
resistance to the execution of its laws. I say,
without fear of contradiction, that there is no
other definition of rebellion, there is no other
idea of rebellion, now or at the time the Con- \
stitution was adopted and by the wise men who
framed it. It is m conformity to the universal
