1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
on the motion of the Senator from New York,
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Tha motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of RepJesenta-
tives, by Mr. Clintos Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 4) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to turn over certain prop-
erty to the managers of the Industrial Home
School of the Pistrict of Columbia, iu which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following concurrent resolu-
tion, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
liesolved, (the Senate concurring.) That the Speaker
of the House and the President of the Senate adjourn
their respective Houses of the Forty-Second Con-
gress of the United States on Wednesday, the 15th
instant, at twelve o'eloek m., without day.
CINCINNATI AND SOUTHERN RAILWAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ate proceeds to the consideration of the bill
for the relief of Nicholas P. Trist, there is
one bill remaining on the table as to which
there is a conflict between two Senators as
to the appropriate reference. It is the bill
(S. No. 75) to promote the construction of the
Cincinnati and Southern railway, which the
Senatorfrom Ohio [Mr. Sherman] desires shall
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Is that bill now
before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate. It was included in the general order
for reference; but there being a conflict as to
the proper reference, it will be decided by the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. It has not had
its second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will have its
second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I object to its
second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By a general
order of the Senate the bills on the table were
taken up and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees ; but there being a conflict in regard
to this bill, the Chair reserved it that the Sen-
ate might decide to which committee it should
be referred.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Then it is be-
fore the Senate ; and it is in order to object to
its second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
repeat that by unanimous consent all the bills
on the table were ordered to be referred to
the appropriate committees, but there was a
conflict as to which was the appropriate com-
mittee in this case.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I did not con-
sent to the second reading of this bill, and I
did not understand that it was agreed to. I
understood the Chair to except expressly the
bill that has been named ; otherwise 1 would
have got up and made my objection to the gen-
eral order that was made at the time. I pro-
pose to enter a protest against the second read-
ing of the bill, and then it can take such course
as the Senate deem proper. I want to present
my objection before the second reading. I sap-
pose it is as much in order to oppose the sec-
ond reading of a bill as it is the third reading
or its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, except that
a majority can order it to be read at a subse-
quent day to that day on which it was read the
first time. The Senate is now considering the
bill for the relief of Mr. Trist, unless the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yields to allow the
motion to be made to refer this railroad bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Ohio move to proceed to the considera-
tion of this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, for reference.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. SUMNER. If there is to be debate 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have been wait-
ing so long that I will proceed now. I under-
stand that according to the practice of parlia-
mentary law in other countries, and especially
in the English Parliament, the general oppo-
sition to all measures is upon the proposed
second reading of a bill. I therefore hold that
it is legitimate and parliamentary for me now
to express my opposition to this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Kentucky that by
the eleventh rule, on a motion to proceed to
its consideration, he cannot discuss the merits
of the bill. The usage here is different from
that usage to which he alludes abroad. After
the bill is taken up, after the Senate proceeds
to its consideration, and it is read the second
time, it will then be subject to debate; but
its merits cannot be considered on a motion
to proceed to its consideration, which is the
motion the Senator from Ohio has now made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Keatucky. I have no ob-
jection to that course; all I want is an oppor-
tunity to make my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that that
sets aside the bill for the relief of Mr. Trist ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky, I understand, has some remarks to
make in the nature of a protest against the bill
introduced by me. When he has made those
remarks the Senator fro'm Massachusetts will
be able to call up his bill.
Mr. SUMNER. If there be an understand-
ing that I shall not lose the opportunity of
pressing the other bill, I shall not interpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not propose to reply
to the Senator from Kentucky; I only ask for
the reference of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The understanding now
proposed does not imply, I presume, that we
cannot move to adjourn.
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. It does not. As
there is no other business on the Calendar,
if the Senate should not adjourn the Chair
would, on the disposition of this bill, call up
the bill for the relief of Mr. Trist.
Mr. CONKLING. I give notice that when
I can do so without interfering with any Sen-
ator I shall submit a motion that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I believe I have
the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read the second time.
The bill (S. No. 75) to promote the construc-
tion of the Cincinnati and Southern railway
was read the second time by its title.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
honorable Senator whether it will be agreeable
to him to yield to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Not now; I pre-
fer to proceed with my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, addressed the
Senate in remarks which will appear in the
Appendix.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion is that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I move to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The first motion was
the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will say a, word,
to show why that motion ought not to prevail.
That this road will, if constructed, be an
agency of commerce, is an incontrovertible
proposition. There is no question upon that
proposition. The great question, and the only
question in the case, is the power of Congress
to pass such an extraordinary measure. That
is the only question in the case; and I ask the
Senate what committee, organized and empow-
ered by it, is the proper committee to investi-
gate and to report upon that question; what
but the Committee on the Judiciary?
This is a legal question ; it is a question of
constitutional law; it is one of entire nov-
elty, and of a fearful bearing and operation in
the future. It is a question which the Senate
ought to investigate with all the deliberation
and all the lights that can be brought to bear
upon it. It is not a question addressed to the
reason or to the attainments of the Commit-
tee on Commerce. So far as they could look
at it, I concede thatfhey would have to report
in favor of the measure ; but behind that is
the great, vital, constitutional question of con-
gressional power that addresses;|j|self to the
whole country for now and the future, not only
in relation to this novel and monstrous pro-
ject, but in relation to hundreds of others that
may succeed it.
The Committee on Commerce had once this
subject under consideration, and my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Vickers] is a member of that
committee; but I presume that an inquiry into
the constitutional power of Congress to pass
the measure was not attempted or undertaken
by that committee at all. Presumptively it
would not have the entire confidence, the ma-
tured legal reading and ability to investigate
and to inform the Senate in relation to that
great and difficult constitutional question. Cer-
tainly the appropriate power to which the ques-
tion should go for examination, for judgment,
for the advice of the Senate, is the Committee
on the Judiciary; and I hope it will be so
referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will first put the question on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio, that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill was referred to
the Committee on Commerce at the last session,
aud this class of bills has always been referred
to that committee. It is a bill to promote com-
merce among the States; and although ques-
tions of constitutional law are raised, so they
are raised in regard to every bill referred to a
great multitude o-f committees. Indeed there
is scarcely a bill presented in regard to which
a constitutional question is not presented, and
if for that reason every such bill must be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee, as a matter
of course we might as well dispense with all
the other committees of this body. The Com-
mittee on Commerce has, time out of mind,
had the consideration of this class of bills. In
one case a select committee was organized for
the purpose of specially considering them.
That committee reported in favor of these bills.
It was a committee organized with a view to
examine the constitutional question as well as
other questions presented by these railroad
bills; but since that time the Committee on
Commerce has always had jurisdiction of this
class of legislation. As a matter of course, if
the Committee on Commerce desire to take
the opinion of the Judiciary Committee on the
bill at any stage of its progress, they can refer
it to that committee ; but in the first instance
it has always gone to the Committee on Com-
merce, and I should dislike very much to dis-
criminate against that committee in regard to
this bill. The chairman of the committee is not
now present; but as a matter of course every-
body supposed it would take that course. I
trust the bill will be referred in the usual way to
the Committee on Commerce. It will be there
maturely considered ; and I think, when we
come to examine it, a good many of the airy
visions raised by my friend from Kentucky as
to the invasion of the rights of that State, will
disappear, and instead of the dire calamities
