U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
■which he apprehends befalling that State we
shall bring into it, and through a region not
now provided with railroad facilities, the light
of modern civilization. I trust thia bill will
take.the ordinary course.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I do not know
of a single bill that has been presented to the
present Senate in relation to railroads where
the constitutional question has arisen except
this bill; and if there had been half a dozen,
certainly the appropriate committee to which
to refer them would be the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. VICKBRS. ' I think the suggestion of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky emi-
nently proper. The great constitutional prin-
ciple contained in this bill has already been
decided by the Committee on Commerce. It
has therefore been prejudged. I think the bill
should go to the CommWfee on the Judiciary,
composed entirely of lawyers. They can make
such a report as they think proper to make,
and no doi^t will make such a one as they
conscientiously believe to be right. Bat I do
not think that a bill of the importance of that
now before the Senate should go to a commit-
tee that has prejudged the principle contained
in it.
Mr. CORBBTT. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, I will
simply say that in my opinion he would desire
to have this bill referred to the Committee on
Commerce, to which committee all such bills
have heretofore been referred. The bill for
the construction of an air-line railroad between
here and New York was introduced at the last
Congress, and considered and reported by the
Committee on Commerce, and also the bill for
a railroad between Washinatonand Cincinnati,
and also this very bill. As these bills have
heretofore been referred to that committee, I
hope there will be no discrimination made now
as against it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I wish to ask
the honorable Senator from Oregon one ques-
tion. Does he find no difference between the
present bill and the other bills to which he
refers, which were committed to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, no legal difference?
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose they embrace
the same general principle, to regulate com-
merce between the several States and through
the several States.  
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to refer the bill to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 12.
protection ok settlers.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to give notice to the
Senate that I shall to-morrow morning, after
the morning business is through, ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to allow me to submit
some remarks on the bill which I introduced
on Tuesday last for the protection of settlers
on the public lands of the United States. It
is a subject to which I have given a great deal
of attention, and one of very great importance
in connection with a decision recently made
by the Supreme Court of the United States,
which virtually annihilates the rights of set-
tlers on the public lands under our preemp-
tion laws. I hope the Senate will indulge me
to-morrow morning with a short time for the
purpose of submitting some remarks on that
subject.
contested-election cases.
. Mr. SUMNER. Now I ask the Senate to
proceed with Mr. Trist's bill. I hope there
will be no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is
before the Senate. Before its consideration
is proceeded with the Chair desires to state
that among the papers referred this morning,
under the general order, made at the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Maine and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, are the credentials
of five persons claiming to be Senators,
Messrs. Goldthwaite, Blodgett, Hamilton of
Texas, Reynolds, and Vance; and also a
memorial of Mr. Abbott, claiming a seat as
Senator from North Carolina. These papers
are, by the general order, referred to the new
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand the
Chair to announce that they are referred?
► The VICE PRESIDENT. They are re-
ferred, under the order of the Senate that all
papers lying on the table should be taken
therefrom and referred to the appropriate
committees.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to inquire when
it is the purpose of the majority to fill up that
committee ? The chairmanship of it is vacant,
and ought to be filled. These States ought
not to be kej>t out of their representation. I
submit that it ought to be filled. It will be
perfectly agreeable, I think, to the minority on
this floor that it should be filled by the Vice
President; but if that is not agreeable to the
majority, I hope they will take some measure
to have it filled.at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairdesires
the Senator from Ohio not to make that motion
at the present time.
Mr. THURMAN. I make no motion ; I
only call attention to the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vacancy
being in the chairmanship of a committee, the
Chair would prefer that it should be filled by
the Senate.
nicholas p. trist.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 178) for
the relief of Nicholas P. Trist, negotiator of
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. It proposes
to pay him the sum of $13,762 40, being bal-
ance due on account of salary, outfit, and re-
turn allowance as commissioner to Mexico,
from April 15, 1847, to April 8, 1848, with in-
terest on the above sum from March 7, 1870,
the date of the presentation of his petition,
and the further sum of $797 52 for contingent
expenses incurred, with interest from April,
18-18.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
smithsonian institution regents.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill, and I
desire to have it considered at this time. I
think it will not take two minutes.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 179) to amend an act
to establish the Smithsonian Institution for the
increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men, approved August 10, 1846 ; and it was
read twice, and considered as in Committee
of the "Whole. The bill proposes to amend
the act of August 10, 1846, by striking out in
the first section tlife words " mayor of the city
of Washington " and inserting "Governor of
the District of Columbia," and by making the
same change in the third section of the act.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me say to the Senate, in
one word, what this bill means. The original
act creating the institution made the mayor
of the city of Washington one of its Regents.
We have abolished that office, and this bill
simply puts the Governor of the Territory in
his place.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
patent office drawings.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill intro-
duced by me the other day, relative to the
publication of the specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to call
up the House resolution fixing the time of
adjournment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would rather have this
bill disposed of. I think it will lead to no
debate, while that question will lead to debate.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will not
give way, of course I cannot make the motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to the House
resolution being considered to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. It requires unanimous
consent to consider it to-day, and the Senator
from Kansas objects.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit that resolution under the twenty-fourth
rule at the meeting of the Senate to-morrow
morning. After this bill shall be disposed of
the Senator from Ohio can move to proceed
to the consideration of the resolution of this
day. The question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 119) to further
regulate the publication of the specifications
and drawings of the Patent Office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be« engrossed for a,
third reading, read the third, time and passed.
final adjournment.
Mr. THURMAN. I now move to take
up the House resolution fixing the time of
adjournment,
Mr. CONKLING. Which resolution?
Mr. THURMAN. The resolution that came
in to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio now before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me one word? I do not ask the Senate to con-
cur in that resolution, although in my judg-
ment it should do so. If it is not the sense
of the Senate to concur in it, I hope we may
amend it by fixing a day. Then we shall
know what we have to do, what time we have.
1 hope, therefore, the motion to go into execu-
tive session will be voted down, and that we
may amend the House resolution, if we see fit
to amend it, or agree to it if it is satisfactory.
Mr. HAMLIN. Iwishtosay justoneword
in. reply to the Senator from Ohio. I think
we may act with more wisdom to-morrow on
this resolution than now. It will come up
to-morrow morning, and after conferring with
each other, I think we may vote more advisedly
in the morning than we shall to-day ; and for
that very reason I hope the Senate will now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After fifteen minutes spent in exec-
utive session the doors were reopened ; and
(at three o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 13, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees when appointed, and not to be
brought back by motions to reconsider. Under
this call memorials and resolutions of Slate
and territorial Legislatures are in order.
stenographers for united states coukts.
Mr. FRYE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 20)
to provide stenographers for the circuit courts
