782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, let
ns see what the meaning of all that is. One
of the indispensable elements of a court is a
jurisdiction to give a judgment. You may
call it by what name you please. You would
not call the Court of Claims a court before you
gave any power to give a binding judgment;
and what was the consequence of that? The
Supreme Court held that an appeal would not
lie from it to the Supreme Court, because it
was not a court within the meaning of the
Constitution of the United States; it was
nothing in the world but an investigating com-
mission ; it having no power to render any
judgment, there could be no appeal from it
as an inferior court of the United States to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment now?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will observe
that I am not trying to make out that this is
technically a court, certainly not one from the
decision of which an appeal or writ of error
would lie. I am suggesting to him, however,
that it is that submission to a tribunal, whether
it be in the nature of an arbitration, to be fol-
lowed by an award, or of a court of justice
having power to render a judgment which
would commit an individual, and which still
more would commit a great Government,
estopped as it ought to be from any technical
escapes; and I call the attention of the Sen-
ator again to this point: they are to have the
same power that the Court of Claims has to
send out and take, by commission or other-
wise, testimony. For what?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer.
Mr. CONKLING. I want the Senator to
answer this proposition. For what? To take
testimony de bene esse, to take depositions con-
ditionally to be used in some other tribunal,
somewhere else, at some other time, to per-
petuate testimony, as under a familiar Btatute
in the State of New York, and I presume in
the State of Ohio ? No, sir, for none of those
purposes; but to take testimony "to be used
before said commission." That is a term of
art; it is a familiar expression. ''To be used
before said commission." What for, I again
repeat? Merely to be filed? Merely to be
received as the clerk of a court receives inter-
rogatories and answers to those interrogatories
propounded upon commission, and filed or
retained lor safe-keeping? No, sir; but "to
be used before said commission;" and I agree
with what the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] so well said to-day, that, a3 time
rolls on, we shall go rapidly further and fur-
ther from that hour in which we shall be per-
mitted to deny that we are committed, and
committed beyond escape.
Mr. COLE. 1 will ask the Senator what
would be the object 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not any objection
to gentlemen making speeches in the midst of
mine; it does not interrupt me much; but I
did not intend to make a speech.
Now, 1 wish to state what I understand is
the whole effect of this commission, and in my
humble judgment it is a complete answer to
what has been said by the Senator from New
York. Here are claims presented to Con-
gress. They are met oftener with the argu-
ment that the Government will be bankrupted
if it once admits the precedent of paying any
of them than by any argument against the
validity of the claims upon the Government;
at least that has been the most potent argu-
ment, that the Government would be bankrupt
if it once admitted its liability to pay these
claims. Every one of them that has been
contested before the Senate has been contested
more on the ground of the danger to the Gov-
ernment than upon the question of the indi-
vidual merits of that particular claim. In that
state of the case, Congress saw fit to pass an
act appointing this commission, the object of
which is to ascertain the amount of these
claims 
Mr. CONKLING. And their validity.
Mr. THURMAN. And their validity too,
under certain circumstances; that is to say,
whether they come within the grounds upon
which the payment of such claims is advocated.
Mr. CONKLING. The language of the act
is, "the validity and justice of said claims."
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. Congress
has seen fit to have this investigation. It is
nothing but an investigation ; and it is none
the less an investigation because there may be
an officer of the Government there to assist in
that investigation, or because testimony may
be taken which will show that claims there pre-
sented are spurious and have no validity at all
in any sense of the term. Would it make Con-
gress bound for a claim that was referred to the
Committee on Claims if the committee heard
testimony or took testimony upon it? Is that
a singular thing? Has not that been done again
and again ? Have not claims been referred to
committees of this body and testimony been
taken on both sides and counsel heard on both
sides in respect to those claims ? Who ever
dreamed that that committed Congress to the
payment of anything that the committee might
recommend? But the Committee on Claims
has not the time to investigate these claims,
and therefore some body had to be constituted
outside of Congress to investigate them ; aud
their report, when thfy shall make it to Con-
gress, will not have one particle more of validity
than would a report of a committee of this body.
No, sir: it will not have as much. Whether
you clothe them with power to hear arguments,
whether you clothe them with power to hear
testimony, does not alter the case one particle.
It is nothing butan investigation by a commit-
tee, call it by the name of commission or what
not. It is nothing but an investigating com-
mittee, and their report is not entitled to, as
much weight as the report of the Committee on
Claims oi this body. That is all there is of it.
I see no reason for defeating an appropriation
bill, or the deficiency bill, upon that ground.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. If this commission is in the
nature of a mere committee, as I think it is,
certainly as I think it was designed to be, what
is the use of an attorney to appear before a
committee of investigation?
Mr. THURMAN. I could pick out three
gentlemen to be members ot that commission—
I say it without any disparagement to those
who are on the commission—who if they were
the commissioners would not want the services
of an attorney at all, perhaps. I think if my
friend from Wisconsin, the able chairman of
the Committee on Claims, [Mr. Howe,] my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] one ot the
ablest members of that committee, and my
friend on my left, [Mr. Datis, of Kentucky,]
were those three, they would not ask for any
lawyer at all; and yet I do not know but that
it would be a convenience to them to have a
lawyer if testimony were to be taken; and
even in collating the testimony and abridging
it for the commission a lawyer might be of
service to them. But that does not change
the nature of the thing at all.
However, I am done with that. It is no
bantling of mine. 1 did not happen to be in
the Senate when it passed, and as I do not
know particularly the shape in which it did
pass, I do not know whether I should have
voted for it in the shape it passed or not,
although I think it a very harmless affair.
The next thing is the little item of $20,000
for the Sisters of Mercy, and I do say that I
regret to see a bill of this character, an appro-
priation bill, in the last hours of the session,
opposed on account of such a little item as
this; and that, too, when the claim has twice
passed the House of Representatives, and
when at the last session there was a clear
majority for it here, evidenced by vote after
vote, and the House bill was only prevented
from passing by Senators speaking out the
session until the hour of twelve o'clock arrived
and the Vice President had to declare that
Congress was adjourned sine die.
It has been said here that the services of
these Sisters to Union soldiers have been,
greatly magnified. Did the Senator who made
that remark ever look at the letters from offi-
cers of the Army and Navy on this very sub-
ject? I will not read them; that would take
up too much time, but let me read the names
of the officers. In the first place, to say noth-
ing about the preamble and resolutions of the
Legislature of South Carolina in favor of the
claim, here are letters in support of it from
Governor R. K. Scott, of South Carolina;
from Judge Bryan, of the United States court;
from certain individuals who are not known to
me, and therefore I will not mention them;
from John P. Hatch, United States Army;
from L. S. Payne, lieutenant colonel one hun-
dredth New York volunteers; from J. S. Ham-
mel, lieutenant colonel sixty-sixth New York
volunteers ; from J. B. Dennis, brevet briga-
dier general; from Brigadier General William
W. Burns, United States Army; from Captain
John O'Rourke, first Illinois light artillery ;
from J. T. Robeson, United States consul;
from J. E. Michener, late captain eighty-fifth
Pennsylvania infantry; from J. V. Kendall
and H. F. Kendall, company H, fiftieth Penn-
sylvania volunteers; from George M. Smith,
acting ensign United States Navy; from Gen-
eral Benjamin F. Botler ; from A. II. Ed-
wards, late brevet major, assistant adjutant
general on General Sherman's staff; from
Major General Q. A. Gilmore, United States
Army; from Brevet Brigadier General C. C.
Kilburn ; from General D. E. Sickles, now
our minister at Madrid.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Ohio is not reading these names as the
names of parties who have been the recipients
of any benefits?
Mr. THURMAN. No ; but they speak of
what they know.
Mr. CONKLING. They certify how much
they have destroyed, do they not?
Mr. THURMAN. They certify as to the
services of these Sisters toward Union soldiers
and sailors.
Then there are letters from Admiral Dahl-
gren, from J. Lenthall, chief of the Bureau of
Construction of the Navy Department; from
W. L. M. Burger, assistant adjutant general
department of the South and brevet colonel
United States volunteers; from Brigadier Gen-
eral William Gurney, United States Army;
and from L. E. Johnson, United States mar-
shal for South Carolina. Now, if anybody will
look at these letters he will see that the services
these Sisters rendered were no sham at all. I
do hope that such a clause as this, after it has
received the sanction of the House of Repre-
sentatives twice, and after it has been perfectly
clear that there was a majority of the Senate
for it, will not have the effect to defeat an
appropriation bill.
I have only one thing more to say, and that
is in regard to the park. I am in favor of the
park, and I am with my friend from Vermont
in opposing the bringing of a railroad up to
Pennsylvania avenue right across the park. I
say that would be a destruction of the beauty
of the park, and to a great extent of its entire
usefulness as a park. I therefore agree with
him fully. I want to see the park made, and
I want to see that railroad kept out of it ; but
I do not believe that a provision for the park
can be incorporated in the bill if you have an-
other conference committee, and believing
that that will not succeed at all, I hope that
the report will be adopted as it is.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I had hoped to
avoid the necessity of entering upon an ex-
planation of the report of the conference com •
