784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
now a member of this body, (Mr. McDonald,
moved the original proposition, and after con- j
siderable discussion and a good deal of excit-
ing debate and a good deal of feeling on tne
subject the proposition passed this body by a
very considerable majority, by a decided vote,
after a full hearing and a careful consideration,
covering all these claims and allowing them
to go before the Court of Claims. I will state
further that the proposition which was em-
bodied in the law, in a little different form from
what it is now, but in the same language gen-
erally, only in a small degree modified, passed
the House of Representatives by a very large
majority. Thus the right of loyal citizens of
the South who have furnished quartermaster
and commissary stores during the war has been
recognized by both branches of Congress; and
it having been recognized, is it not wisdom on
our part to see that the Government is not
imposed upon? Should we not afford all the
machinery necessary for sifting out the good
claims from the bad, getting those which ought
to be sustained, if there are such, separated
from those which are fraudulent and ought not
to stand?
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator thinks
the Government is committed to the payment
of these claims?
Mr. COLE. I hold that such was the action
of this body during the last days of the last
session, when that law was adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. Thattheaction was such
as to commit the Government?
Mr. COLE. Commit it as far as it is now. ;
Tliis law only directs these commissioners to j
report the claims at the next session of Con- j
gress, and then the matter is open for the con- :
sideration of Congress, with testimony upon ;
which I hope Congress can rely; and certainly j
they can better rely upon it if it is not entirely
ex parte. If this proposition that the com-
missioners present is adopted, and they can
get testimony on both sides, then Congress
will have, without being bound, testimony upon
which they can rely.
This, Mr. President, is about all I have to say
in regard to this report. I think the proposition
of the Senator from Vermont ought not to be
sustained, for yon will not get the bill in much
better shape if you recommit it. I feel satis-
tied that his proposition in regard to the park
will not be adopted in that event, and I do
not think it is worth while to endanger the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I judge
from the information and instruction now given
us by the chairman of the committee of con-
ference that we have already proceeded so
far in this business that the question is rather
how we can extricate ourselves than by what
convenient mode we had better go further;
and although I do not agree with the Senator
in the extent to which he goes, yet I am in-
clined to think there is much more reason than
I wish there was for the conclusion to which
he comes.
And, Mr. President, although I do not in-
tend to detain the Senate longer than a few
moments upon this point, I do not mean to
let even this occasion pass without entering
my protest against that line of proceeding
which, step by step, is committing the Gov-
ernment and the nation to the recognition and
payment of claims for which, in my belief, we
are not liable at all, and which, I think, if
treated in the way proposed in this conference
report, is yet to awaken a general and a very
just indignation.
During the last hours of the last session (to
employ the phrase of the Senator from Cali-
fornia) we adopted a provision constituting a
commission. He says that it was warmly
assailed, that it was the subject of excited
debate. I think hardly of excited debate, but
it did encounter earnest opposition; and in
what regard and chiefly? In respect of the
alleged fact that it committed the Government,
not in toto, but that to some extent it plighted
the faith, or had a tendency to plight the faith,
of the nation to the recognition and payment
of these claims. How was that allegation
answered ? Senators on the other side who
are now in their seats will remember, as I
remember, the answer given to it. First, it
was met by a broad denial, and second, by an
argument that this commission lacked the
qualities and faculties necessary to presuppose
and create such a committal on the part of
the Government. Why? Because of those
very absences which it is now intended to
supply.
One Senator said, as the Globe will show,
"No counsel is to appear on either side ; in
that respect it is to lack the formalities of a
trial." "Nothing is to be done with the evi-
dence taken before the commission," said an-
other Senator, or the same one, "except to
report it to Congress;" and he read to me
these words: '' That they should report their
proceedings." "And what," said the Sen-
ator, "are the proceedings of such a commis-
sion except the testimony which it takes and
files?" Now we are told that these very
things pointed out and specified as the missing
faculties and functions of this commission, as
the things in the absence of which it was not
to be a tribunal either to render a judgment
or to make an award, are to be imported into
the statute, and powers, and qualities, and
attributes are to be spelled out accordingly.
Let us see for one moment what this statute
is, and then what it will be in connection with
this addition:
That the President of the United States shall be,
and he is hereby, authorised to nominate, and by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
point a board of commissioners, to be designated as
commissioners of claims, to consist of three commis-
sioners, who shall be commissioned for two years,
and whose duty it shall be to receive, examine, and
consider the justice and validity of such claims as
shall be brought before them, of those citizens who
remained loyal adherents to the cause and the Gov-
ernment of the United States during the war. for
stores or supplies taken or furnished during the
rebellion, for the use of the Army of the United
States in States proclaimed as in insurrection against
the United States, including the use and loss of ves-
sels or boats while employed in the military service
of the United States.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Tiiuriian] said he did not know why this was
called a commission of southern claims or
claims of the southern States. Why, sir, it is
applied and confined to southern claims ex-
pressly. That is the reason why it is so called.
The commissioners are to hear and consider
the justice and validity of all these claims,
not for quartermasters' stores, I beg to remind
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, but supplies of any kind
taken or furnished. My friend before me [Mr.
Logan] knows better than I do how broad that
is, and how much broader it is than quarter
masters' stores or any supplies taken in the
sense of quartermasters' supplies.
Mr. COLE. Commissary supplies.
Mr. CONKLING. It covers that and a
good deal more:
And upon satisfactory evidence of the justice and
validity of any claim, the commissioners shall report
their opinion ia writing in each case, and shall
certify the nature, amount, and value of the prop-
erty taken, furnished, or used as aforesaid.
Now, when you have constituted, not a com-
mittee, but a board of commissioners in the
language of the act, consisting of three, clothed
with the power to hear and consider the jus-
tice, the validity, and the amount of these
claims, when you have provided that they
shall report their opinion in writing in each
case and certify the nature, amount, and value
of the property taken, and so on, and then
when you come in with a supplemental act,
arming them first with process to summon
witnesses from everywhere, arming them with
the power to send out their commissions to
run from the center to the circumference of
the realm to search out the truth and bring it
before them by deposition, and when you have
yourselves employed counsel, in the language
of this act, to appear and contest on behalf
of the United States said claims and their
validity, when you have done all that, need
you do anything more^ to characterize this
proceeding than to provide in the face of this
statute which says that "their proceedings,"
interpreted before to mean the evidence taken,
shall be reported to Congress, need you do
anything more, in the face of that, than to pro-
vide now by a statute that this evidence thus
taken shall be used before this commission
before which you have employed counsel to
appear and contest on behalf of the United
States the validity of these claims?
Sir, some individual, some man who pleads
usury to a promissory note given for borrowed
money, might perhaps escape upon statutes
such as these, and in spite of grounds such as
these ; but I repeat again, speaking on behalf
of a great Government, not of technical ques-
tions, not of fine points, not of minute loop-
holes through which somebody small enough
might escape, but speaking of those grouuds
of ethics and fair intendment by which Con-
gress will hold itself bound, or at least deem
itself governed in the future, upon what argu-
ment are we to say hereafter that we are not
committed to the recognition of such claims as
are found in respect of justice and validity en-
titled to the approval of this tribunal? The
honorable Senator from California wants to
give up his client's case now—by his client, I
mean his country in this regard.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask a question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. What will he do, propose to
do, with these claims after they are ascertained,
in the way he would have them ascertained,
without the intervention of an attorney or wit-
nesses on the part of the Government? What
would he do with such classes of claims after
they had been reported here ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Pigeon-hole them.
Mr. CONKLING. I will tell the honorable
Senator from California what I would do. I
always assume that the Senate is wiser than I
am ; and, however firm my conviction may be,
I bow in respect and deference to the action
of the Senate. And I propose to accept this
statute, in all its length and breadth, as it
received the approval of this body and of the
House of Representatives; and I propose
when the time comes to cite the declarations,
the contemporaneous assertions of Senators
with which they accompanied their vote3, that
it is a mere proceeding to perpetuate testi-
mony; that it is a mere commission to act as
a hand, a right hand of Congress to receive
these claims with such evidence as may be
offered in connection with them, and bring
them here to be put, as the honorable Sen-
ator behind me says, in the first instance in a
pigeon-hole, perhaps, or in some other place
of custody, to be viewed and determined and
considered as an original question, unless
meanwhile we shall estop ourselves by the
action of the American people in Congress
assembled. That is what I propose to do ;
but I do not propose improvidently, as I sub-
mit, unnecessarily, to go blindfolded, with a
leap in the dark, into provisions which trans-
form this statute from that harmless thing
which it was pronounced to beby its advocates,
into a statute so entirely different that I fear
we shall be confronted with objections from
which there may be no sure and easy escape.
In other words, I would stop where we are ;
I would do the best we can honestly do, with
such obligations as those wherewithal we are
now begirt; but I would not go unnecessarily
and entangle ourselves with fresh and different
provisions by which we maybe more effectually
ensnared.
Mr. President, I do npt intend to multiply
words. I shall vote against this report. I
shall vote against it not by reason of this pro-
vision alone, but I have occupied so much
time in commenting upon this that I forbear
to speak of other things, the merits of which
