1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
might well be challenged, and. which I conceive
have nothing in the world to do appropriately
upon this deficiency bill.
I hope, Mr. President, that some member
of the Senate, some member versed in the
learning of the Committee on Appropriations,
should he ever have occasion to make a lexi-
con, will take care to put in some specific,
some sharp definition of the term " deficien;
cy bill." I think it will be found a defini-
tion, if "it shall be precise, somewhat elastic
to say the least, if it is able to cover all the
bills which sail under these names. 1 repeat,
aside from the several other things in the
bill which I humbly conceive should not be
there, for the reasons which I have endeav-
ored to give, were there no others, I should
feel justified in voting against this report.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not desire to
detain the Senate, but I desire to add one or
two words to what I have already said. Sup-
pose we vote now to agree to this report, and
furnish counsel to appear before this commis-
sion ; testimony is taken on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, arguments are made pro and con on
these claims; they are reported one year or
two years from now to Congress. Then, Mr.
President, what will be the argument based
upon it, taken in connection with this night's
proceeding? Will not they who contend that
these claims should be allowed and instantly
paid refer to the proceedings of this evening,
and with great force, too, as sustaining their
doctrine, that Congress is bound to appropriate
the money to discharge them?
What are our proceedings here to-night?
After this commission has been constituted it
' is now proposed to furnish counsel and to
allow the taking of testimony and to provide
the machinery for trial of these claims; and
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions rises in his place and says to the Senate
that by our action at the former session both
Houses of Congress have settled the question
that this class of claims are legal and valid,
and now the only remaining question is what
particular claims ought to be received under
that principle ; and that it is necessary to pro-
tect the interests of the Government that coun-
sel should appear and that testimony should be
taken. Why, Mr. President, I want to know,
after such an announcement from our official
leader on this subject and a vote of this Senate
sustaining his view of it, with what face can any
Senator stand in his place to vote anything else
afterward ?
One word more, Mr. President, about this
commission. In the early days of the war,
the department of the West, or Northwest, or
whatever it was called then, presided over by
General Fr6mont, entered into a great many
contracts which were severely criticised. It
was supposed and charged in the public prints
that improvident contracts had been made in
that department for furnishing supplies to the
Government, and especially for floating bat-
teries and tugs and boats oti the Mississippi
river. The Secretary of War, of his own
motion, appointed a commission consisting of
three men, Judge Davis, of the Supremo Court,
being at the head of it, to proceed and investi-
gate into that matter. They went there and
issued notices to different parties who held
contracts against the Government to appear
before them for the purpose of having the
merits of their contracts inquired into. There
was no countenance for that proceeding in any
act of Congress whatever. It was a mere order
from the Secretary of War. The commission,
however, investigated a great many cases, and
made a report upon the subject, and Congress
subsequently passed a joint resolution, provid-
ing that money might he paid by the Secretary
of the Treasury upon'all those contracts up to
the amount certified by that commission.
One man, Mr. Adams, who had furnished a
battery or something of that kind for the Gov-
ernment under such a contract, was cited to
appear before that commission, and went before
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 50.
them. They certified that he was entitled to a
certain amount, required him to rcceivo that
amount and receipt for it in Ml. He received
the amount but protested that it was not in
full so of course his receipt did not cut him
off against the Government. Ho brought his
action in the Court of Claims; he proved his
claim up to the amount of some seventy or
seventy-five thousand dollars. The Court of
Claims rendered a judgment in favor of it; it
was carried to the Supreme Court; and upon
the precise ground that he had gone before
that commission and put in his testimony and
been heard, they held the finding of the
commission to be an estoppel and gave the
same force and effect to it that they would
to a judgment rendered by a court of com-
petent jurisdiction, or at least the effect of
an award.
Mr. SCOTT. Will my friend from Wiscon-
sin permit jne to correct him in one particular
in that statement?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. The case, as I have had occa-
sion recently to examine it, had this element
in it, that Mr. Adams stated that he did not
appear before the commission until after they
had examined his case, but ho sent a letter to
them after they had made up their decision,
requesting them to consider it as favorably as
possible.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a fact; I be-
lieve it is so claimed at all events by Mr.
Adams; but I have stated the case as I under-
stand it to have been passed upon by the
court. It is stronger if the fact bo as the
Senator states; but there is an adjudication
of the Supreme Court that the finding of a
commission organized under an order from
the Secretary of War, without the sanction
even of an act of Congress, was binding
and conclusive upon every man who went
before the commission and put in his case
and accepted his money. No; I take back
"accepted his money," because the court
say that is of no consequence. The court put
it not upon the ground that he was estopped
by accepting money, though they mention that
fact, but they say that, apart from that, he was
bound by the action of the commissioners, as I
recollect the decision.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. On the Senator's own state-
ment, his own hypothesis, will not these claims,
after they have received the investigation of
this commission and been presented, though
on ex parte testimony entirely, be just as bind-
ing under that decision as they would bo if
they were sent here with testimony taken on
both sides?
Mr. CARPENTER. I think we have got
up to the precise line where we can now stop
with safety, and I do not think we can go a
btep further without being plunged into the
abyss of which the Senator speaks. We have
not appeared before that commission ; we
have sent no counsel there; wo have taken
no testimony ; we have simply by the act now
in force said we will constitute a commission
to hear what these men claim.
Mr. COLE. But we have already authorized
a commission, a costly commission. There
are three commissioners, with clerks, and
stenographer, and so on.
Mr. CARPENTER. That does not increase
their power any.
Mr. COLE. They are appointed by law,
a regularly authorized, constituted commis-
sion of the United States, for the purpose of
investigating the justice and validity of these
claims.
Mr. CARPENTER. Up to the present
point it is a mere investigating committee.
Mr. COLE. Now, the Senator would have
the examination altogether ex parte and have
the claims adjusted on the showing of the
claimants alone.
Mr. CARPENTER. I would not have them
adjusted at all. That is the very point. I
would have that investigation ex parte, because
I want to leave it an investigation and not
clothe it with the attributes of a judgment
or an award of arbitrators; and we cannot go
a step further in this direction without giving
to their opinion that character. If we go before
them by counsel, if we are heard upon testi-
mony introduced by us, and they have been
appointed by us under an act of Congress,
not under an executive order from the War
Department, as was the case in the instance I
have cited, and they pass upon these claims,
taken in connection with the frank speech, to
use the mildest phrase, made by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations to-night,
when we are called upon to vote the money to
pay these claims, when the Senate is doing
this with its eyes wide open to the conse-
quences, I want to know what man is going
to stand up ever afterward here and question
them.
The Senator from California is relieved from
all embarrassment on this subject because he
says we are bound already, and of course if he
is right about that we cannot be bound any
worse. We are in that condition that any
change is for the better ; nothing can hurt us,
because we are bound already. I do not
cherish that faith; I do not subscribe to that
doctrine. I do not believe it. I think we
may stop here; but we must stop, stop soon,
stop short, or we shall be where the Senator
says we are.
Mr. COLE. But one word, Mr. President.
The Senator from Wisconsin has disclosed
what his object and purpose is in this matter.
He has stated to us that he expects that these
claims after they have been investigated by
this commission will be pigeon-holed, and that
that will be the end of them.
Mr. CONlvLING. No ; pigeon-holed until
they are called up in Congress for action.
Mr. COLE. The idea is that that will prob-
ably be the end of them ; at least that is his
hope, as indicated very distinctly in his speech.
In that hope I concur most emphatically.
When this matter was before the Senate I was
one of those who opposed the proposition of
the late Senator from Arkansas. I have op-
posed propositions of this kind all along. My
whole object now is to prevent the Government
being overwhelmed with fraudulent claims,
unjust claims. The whole aim I have in view
is to provide for sifting out those which have
some merit in them from those which are not
sustained by testimony or by facts. We know
how easy it is to get up claims of this sort.
We have had evidence of it here before the
Committee on Claims, as the chairman well
knows. Claims are oftentimes presented for
much larger amounts than are really due, and
upon an ex parte showing perhaps appear
strong; but when you come to investigate
them, they sometimes fail, the bottom falls
out of them. I think that our policy is to
separate the good from the bad, if there are
any good, and not at any rate to acknowledge
ourselves burdened with all claims that may
be presented ex parte before this commis-
sion.
Mr. HOWE. I want to add one word to
this debate, simply because I was one of those
who voted for the amendment which was put.
upon the appropriation bill at the last session
and which provided for this commission. I shall
be one of those who will vote, when we arrive
at a vote, against agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference on this bill; and my
main objection to the report—I do not say that
that is my only objection—is because it makes
this provision for the assignment of an attor-
ney to appear before this commission. Yet,
when I confess that that is my chief objection
to this report, I will not admit for a moment
that the honorable Senator from New York is
correct in supposing that that mere fact will
commit tho Government to the payment of
