1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
on the floor upon a motion to suspend the
rales, pending which the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] rises to a question of
higher privilege, and offers a resolution, which
will be read.
final adjournment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved,{the Senate concurring,) That the Speaker
of the House and the President of the Senate adjourn
their respective Houses of the Forty-Second Con-
gress of the United States on Wednesday, the 15th
instant, at twelve o'clock m., without day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is this
resolution debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Have we
not the right to debate whether we shall stop
public business?
The SPEAKER. As the question has been
raised whether a motion for final adjournment
is debatable, the Chair decides that it is not,
for this reason: it is a very highly privileged
motion, it can be brought before the House at
any time, and if it were debatable it might thus
be used as a means of defeating other measures.
The Chair, therefore, has no hesitation in de-
ciding that in the strictest sense a resolution
for final adjournment is not debatable.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Would it not be in order to move to
lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order, of course.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I submit that motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
• Mr. RANDALL. In order that we may
have an unmistakable expression of the will of
the House on this subject, I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to put
a parliamentary inquiry before we vote. If
I lie Senate should not act on this resolution
before Wednesday will it not amount to noth-
iii^?
Mr. DAWES. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
ail indication of the sentiment of the Iiouse,
repeated in this way, must have weight with
the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
lo debate.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
resolution ; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 124, nays 67, not voting 32; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beck, Bigby, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, George M.Brooks, Bufiinton, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Comingo, Conger, Cox, Crebs. Creely,
Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dawes, Dox. DuBom;,
Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Forker, Ilcmy D.
Foster, Fryc, Garrett, Gets, Golladay, Goodrich,
Griffith. Haldeman, Hale, Handlev, Hanks, Ilarmcr,
Harper, George E. Harris, John X. Harris, llawley,
Hereford, Ilolman, Kendall, Kerr, Ivetcham, lul ■
linger, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport, Leach,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, Mclntyre, McJuukm,
McKinney, Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin 1'. Meyers,
Moore. Morgan, Leonard Myers, Mblack, lacker,
Peck. Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter, Price, Pnn-
dle, Randall, Edward Y. Rico, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
Ellis II. Roberts, William It. Roberts, llobinson,
Kosers, Roosevelt, Scofield, Sheldon, Shober,^Shoe-
maker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith,
11. MiltonSpeer,Thomas J.Speor,Stevens, Storm, bt.
John, Sutherland, Swann,Terry, Washington -L im-
pend, Tuthill, Van Trump, Yaughnn, Voorhees,Wad-
dell, Warren, Wells, Wheeler. Whitthorne.Willard,
Williams of Now York, Wood, and Young—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Avcrill, Barber, Beatty, Bingham,
James G. Blair, Buckley, Burchard, Burdett. Benja-
min F. Butler, Roderick 31. Butler. Cobb, Coburn,
Cook, Cotton. Be Large, Donnan, Dunnell, Eames,
Elliott, Finkclnburg, Charles Foster, Havens, Ilay,
(Terry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazleton, lloar, Kelley,
Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, Monroe, Xorey,
Orr, Packard, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton. Perce,
Piatt. Porter, Rainey, Sawyer, Seeley, ^Sessions,
Shaiikb, Shellabarger, II. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Sprogue, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell,
TafFe. Thomas, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakcmnn,
Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Whiteley, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Bank?, Barry.
Bigg.s JamesBiook*, Clarke, Darrall, Dickey, Dnell,
Harwell, Garfield, llalsey, Jlambleton, lluys, Hill,
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 6.
Hoojier, McKee, McNfeoly, Mercur. Mitchell, Mor-
phis, Negley, Aaron F. Perry, Read. Rusk, Sherwood,
Snyder, Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Wash-
burn, and Winchester—32.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FREE SALT.
The SPEAKER stated the pending question
to be the motion of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] to suspend the rules and pass the
bill (H. R. No. 172) to repeal the duties on salt.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this act salt shall bo
placed on the free list, and no further impost
duties shall be collected on the same.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the passage of this bill.
The "SPEAKER. On what ground?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. On the
ground that it cannot be introduced except on
the call of the States.
The SPEAKER. This is a motion to sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. KELLEY. It is to avoid going into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the revenue bill.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules and pass the bill is in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to adjourn, and on that motion call the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 88, nays 93, not voting 42;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amhlor, Bigby, Bird, Austin Blair,
Butiinton, Benjamin l!'. Butler, Roderick K. Butler,
Cobb, Oieely, Davis. Dickey, liamos, Elliott, Uotz,
Goodrich, Griffith, Harmcr, George E.Harris, Ha-
vens, John W. Hazleton, Hereford, lloar, Hooper,
Kelley, Kendall, Kctcham, Killinger, Lamport,
Lansing, Leach, Mnynard, McClelland, McGrcw,
Mclntyre, McJunkin, Merriam, Mo my, Morphis,
Leonard Myers, Packer, Peek, Pendleton, Perec,
Piatt, Porter, Puce, Piindlo, lt.iinev, Randall, Rit-
chie, Ellis If.RoboiK Robinson, Scoliold, Seeley,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shober, Shoemaker,
II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith. Worthington
0. Smith, R. Milton Spoor. Thomas J. Spoor. Spragup,
Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Swann, S.vphcr,Tafte,
Thomas, Washington Townsend. Tuthill, Twichell,
Upson, Van Tiump, Voorhee*. Waddell, Wakeman,
Waldron, Wallace, Walls. Wells. Whiteley, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, and John T. Wilson—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatiy,
Beck, Bingham. James G. Blair, Braxton. Bright,
GeornoM. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Bnrch-
ard,Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cftourn,
Comingo, Conger, Cook, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher,
Crossland. Dawes, Donnan. Dox, DuBose, Duke,
Dunnell, Kldridge, Farnsworth. Finkeln'ourg. Wor-
ker, Charles Poster, Pryo, Garfield, Garrett. Golla-
day, Haldeman, Ilalo, Ilandlev, Hanks, Harper,
John T. Harris. IUwloy, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton,
Ilolman, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch,
Manson, Marshall, jtfeCoiinick, McCrary.^icHcnry,
MeKinncy, Monroe, Mooio. Morgan. Niblaek, Orr,
Packard, Palmer. Pfrkcr, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland,
Potter, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William K.
Roberts, Roosevelt, Slater, Sioss, Stevens, Storm,
Stoughton. Terry, Tyner, Walden, Wheeler, Wlnt-
thorne, WilHamsof New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
Wood, and Young—93.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Acker, Ames, Avenll,
Banks, Barber. Barry, Biggs, Clarke, Darrall, Do
Large, Duell, Ely, PanveU, Jlcnry D. Poster, llal-
sey, iiauiblctoD, Hays, HSU, Lamison, McKee, Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Merrick, Benjamin P. Meyers, Mit-
chell, Negley, Aaron F. Perry, Read, Rogers, Rusk,
Sawyer, Sessions, Sherwood, Slocum. Snyder, Ste-
venson, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Vanghan, War-
ren, Washburn, and Winchester—i2.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 147, nays 47, not vot-
ing 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Avenll, Barber, Beatty, Beck, Bigby, Bmgliam, Bird,
James G. Blair,Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buckley, Bufflnton, Burchaid, Bur-
dett, Roderick It. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Cobb,
Coburn, Comingo, Cook, Cotton, Crebs, Critchor,
Crossland. Davis. Dawes, Be Large, Donnan. Dox,
DuBose, Duke, Dunnell, Eames, Eldridge, Elliott,
Ely, Farnsworth, Finlteluburg, Forker, Charles Fos-
ter, Frye, Garileld, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Hal-
deman, Hale, Ilandley, Hanks, Harper, George
B. Harris, John T. Harris, llavt'ley, llay, Geny
W. llnzleton, Hereford, lloar, Ilolman, Kendall.
Kerr, Keteham, King, Kinsella. Lamison. Lamport,
Leaeh, Lewis. Lynch, Manson, Marshall,McCormick,
McCrary, McHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney, Merrick,
Benjamin P. Movers, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Mor-
gan, Morphis, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Pendleton,
Perce, Eli Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, Kead, Ed-
ward Y. llice, John M. Rico, Ritchie, William R.
lloberis, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Shanks, Shel-
don, Shellabarger, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss,
H.BoaidmanSmith, JohnA.Smith,Worthington C.
Smith. Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Stevenson. Storm,
Stoughton, Swann, Sypher. Taifo, Terry, Tuthill,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhecs, AVaddell, U'akeninn, W.'iklcn, "Waldron,
Wallace, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorno,
Williams of Indiana. Williams ol" i\rew York, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood, and
Young—117. .
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Austin Blair, Conger,
Crecly, Dickey, llenry I). Foster, Goodrich, Grit-
lith, llarmer. Ihiveus, John W. llazleton, Hooper,
Kcllcv. Killinger, Lansing,Lowe, Maynard, McClel-
land, AIcGrew, Me.) unkin, Merriam, Leonard Myers,
Packer, Pinker, Peck, Piatt, Poland, Porter, l'rin-
dlo, Rainey, Randall, Kills II. Roberts, Rogers, Saw-
yer, Scolicld, Seeley, Sessions, Shoemaker, It. Mil-
ton Specr, Spraguc, Stowoll, St. John, Sutherliiiid,
Thomas Washington Townsend, Walls, and Wil-
NO'c' vOTIKG—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Biggs, Benjamin P. Butler, Carroll, Clarke, Cox,
Darrall, Ducll, Furwell, llalsey, Hambleton. Hays,
Hill, McKco, McNoely, Mercur, Mitchell, Negley,
I'almcr, Aaron F. Porry, Sherwood, Snyder. Dwight
Townsend, Turner, Washburn, Wells, and Winches-
ter—
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the bill was passed.
During the vote Mr. Wi;ti,s stated that lie
was paired with Mr. MfiRt'un of Pennsylvania,
who would vote in the negative, while he him-
self would vote in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
KItEIi coal.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is recognized.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules and pass a joint resolution to repeal
tlio duties on coal.
Tho joint resolution, which was read, provides
that from and after the passage of the joint
resolution no tax or duty shall be levied or
collected npon foreign coal.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it be to meet on Wednesday
next.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have moved that tlie
House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. But the Chair had recog-
nized the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Faiins-
wortii] to move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the motion to
adjourn take precedence?
The SPEAKER. On a motion to suspend
the rules being made, one motion to adjourn
may be entertained. But, that a motion to
adjourn may be entertained, a gentleman must
be on the floor to make it. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Fakxswortii] was on the
floor, and sent to the Chair a resolution with
a motion to suspend the rules and pass it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Chair has not ex-
actly met my point.
The SPEAKER. What point does the gen-
tleman make ?
Mr. MAYNARD. My point is that I moved
to adjourn before the gentleman from Illinois
moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has frequently
stated that, for a gentleman to get on the floor
and say thathe moves to adjourn is notenough
to bring a motion to adjourn before the House.
To make a motion to adjourn, the gentleman
making it must be recognized by the Chair.
Mr. MAYNARD. I thought the Chair rec-
ognized the gentleman first addressing him.
The SPEAKER. It is for the Chair to rec-
ognize the gentleman first addressing him; but
when the gentleman from Tennessee and the
gentleman from Illinois both addressed the
