82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
Chair, the Chair considered that the gentle-
man from Illinois- [Mr. Fabnsworth] had a
peculiar right to be recognized, because, when,
at the end of the morning hour, he offered this
resolution, at the suggestion of the Chair he
withdrew it for the benefit of gentlemen whose
States had not then been called for bills and
resolutions. The gentleman waived his right,
and under those circumstances the Chair
would have been guilty of gross discourtesy
to the gentleman if lie had not recognized
him. The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Matkabd,] therefore, has not been recognized
for a motion to adjourn, until this moment,
■when the Chair now recognizes hitn.
Mr. MAYNARD. -1 wished to make the
motion before the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Fabnsworth] was recognized, because 1 did
not wish to have it complicated willi the ques-
tion brought before the House by that gentle-
man.
Mr. DTCKEY. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] does not make the mo-
tion to adjourn I make it; and on that motion
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 86, nays 99, not voting
88 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker; Ambler, Archer, Bigby,
Austin Blair, Burdett, Benjamin l'\ Butler, Roderick
11. Butler, Caldwell. Cobb, Cruely, Davis, DcLa.ige,
Bickey, IhiBo^e, Elliott, IXenry 1>. Koster, Gotz,
Goodrich, Griffith, llnnks, Harmer, Harper, Havens,
John VV. llazleton, Hereford, Hoar, Hooper, lCelley,
Killingec, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, Me
Clell.ind, McGrew. Mclntvro, Mernuin, Mcrrick,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Niblack, Packer. Palmer,
Parker, Perce, Piatt, Porter, Primlle, Rainey, Ran-
dall, Ritchie, Ellis IX. Roberts, Sawyer, Sfotield,
Sec ley. Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shober,
Shoemaker, II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
It. Milton Sneer, Thomas J. Speer, Spraguo, Storm,
Stowell, St. John, Swann. Sypher, Taffe. Washing-
ton Townsend, Tutbill, Upson, Van Trump, Voor-
liecs, Waddell, "VVaIrion, Waldron, Wallace, Walls
Wells, Willard, Williams of Indiana, and John T.
Wilson—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Arthur, Averill, Barber,
Beatty, BcckiBingham,Bird, James0. Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, Jnnies Brooks, Buckley, Bullinton,
Burchard, Campbell, Unburn, Comingo, Conger,
Cook, Cotton,Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crosslimd, Dawes,
Bonnan, Box, Buko, Dunne!!, KIy. Pamsworth,
Phikelnburg, Forker, Charles Poster, Frye, G-arlieid,
(Jarrett, Golladay, llaldeman, Hale, Handley, John
'J1. Harris, llawley, Bay, Ueriy W. JI n./.leiwn, llol-
man, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, King, Kinsella,
Lamison, Leneh, Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Marshall,
MeCoriuick, McCrary, Mcilonry, MeKinnoy, Benja-
min F. Meyers, Monroe, Mooro, Morgan, Urr, Pack-
ard, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter. Price, Road,
Edward Y. Rico, John M. ltice, William It. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Shanks, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Worth-
ington 0. Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Sutherland. Terry, Twichell. Tyner, Vnnghan,
Wakeman, Warren, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Wood, and
Young—99.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Biggs, (J-eorgo M. Brooks. Carroll, Clarke, Darrall,
Duell, Barnes, Eldridge, Farwell, Ilalsey, Hamble-
ton, Oeorce Ji. Harris, Hays. Hill, McJunkin, Mc-
Keo, JVlcNcely, Mercur, Mitchell, Morey, Negley,
Pock, Pendleton, Aaron i'\ Perry, Robinson, Rogers,
Rusk, Sherwood, Snyder, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Turner, Washburn, Whiteley, ami Winches-
ter—08.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MARSHALL said: I desire to state
that my colleague, Mr. McNeei.y, is neces-
sarily absent, and is paired with Mr. Neqley
of Pennsylvania. If here, on all those tariff
questions, Mr. McNeely would have voted
for, and Mr. Negley against repeal.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The SPEAKEH. The question recurs on
the motion to suspend the rules and pass the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Fauns-worth.]
Mr. KELLEY asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWOIiTH. Let the resolution
be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beiiresohed, <f?e. That fromand afterthe passage
of this joint resolution notax ordutyshall belevied
or collected upon foreign coal.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 130, nays 57, not voting 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Averill,
Barber, Beatty, Beck, Bingham, Bird, James G.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Caldwell,
Campbell. Carroll, Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Cook,
Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Dawes,
Donnan, DuBose, Duke, Bunnell, Eames, Eldridge,
Ely, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Forker, Charles
Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Golladay, Halde-
raan, Hale, Handley, Hanks. Harper, John T.
Harris, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton, Holman,
Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, McCor-
mick, MeCrary, McHenry, Mclntyre, McKmney,
Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Moore,
Morey, Morgan, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Palmer,
Pendleton, Eli Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, llead,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ellis II. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley,
Shanks, Shellabanrer, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton. Sypher. Taffe, Terry,
Tutbill, Twichell, Tyner, Upson. Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, Wal-
den, Waldron, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, William5; of Indiana, Williams of New York,
Jeremiah M.Wilson, John X. Wilson, Wood, and
Young1—130.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Bigby, Austin
Blair, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick R.But-
ler, Cobb, Conger, Creely, Davis, DeLarge, Dickey,
Dox, Elliott, Henry D. Foster, Getz, Goodrich, Grif-
fith, Ilarmer, Havens, John W. Hazleton, Hereford,
Kelley, Killinger, Lamport, Maynard, McClelland,
McGrew, McJunkin, Merrick, Morphis, Leonard
Myers. Packer, Parker, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prin-
dle, liainey, Randall, Ritchie, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shoemaker, n. Boardman Smith, R. Milton Specr,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stowell, St. John, Swann,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Wallace, Wails,
and Willnrd—57.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Biggs,Darrall, Duell. Farwell, Ilalsey, Hambleton,
George K Harris, ilays, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Lansing,
Lowe, McKee, McNeely, Mercur, Mitchell, Negley,
Peek, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,Rogers, Rusk, Sessions,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Snyder, Sutherland, Dwight
Townsend, Turner, Washburn, Wells, and Winches-
ter—oG.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the joint resolution
(II. 11. N~o. 27) was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WELLS stated that he was paired upon
this question with Mr. Mkrcttr. lie (Mr.
Wells) would have voted "ay," and Mr.
Mercur "no."
Mr. PI1INDLE stated that Mr. Duell was
confined to his room by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
duties on tea and coffee.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to suspend the
rules and put the following bill upon its pas-
sage :
Be it enacted, &c.t That from and after the pnssago
of this act tea and coffee shall be placcd on the f'reo
list, and no further import duties shall be coliccted
on the same.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken) and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 86, nays 96, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Beck, Bingham,
"Bird, James G. Blair, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Buckley, Burchard, Comingo, Cook, Cotton,
Cox, Donnan, DuBose,Eames, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburcf, Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett,
Golladay, Hale. Harmer, John T. Harris, Hawley,
Hay, John W. Hazleton, Hoar, Kendall, Kerr, Kin-
selhi.. Lansing, Lewis, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary,
McHenry, Mclntyre, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Orr,
Packard, Palmer, Pendleton, Porter, Price, Edward
Y. liicc, John M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson,
Roosevelt, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss, II. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stevenson, Stough-
ton, St. John, Taffe, Terry, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Wallace, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whitthorne,
Willard, and Young—8(5.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barber, Beatty, Bigbv. Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Conger,
Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, De Large,
Dickey, Dox, Duke, Dunnell, Elliott, Henry D.Fos-
ter, Getz. Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Handley,
Harper, Havens, Gerry W. Hazleton, Hereford, Hol-
man, Kelley, Ketcham. Killinger, King, Lamison,
Lamport, Leach, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, McGrew, Mgjunkin, McKinney, Merrick,
Benjamin E. Meyers, Morey, Morgan, Morphis,
Leonard Mvers, Niblack, Packer, Parker. Perce,
EH Perry, Piatt, Poland, Prindlo, Rainey, Randall,
Read, Ritchie, Rogers, Rusk, Scofield, Shanks, Sho-
ber, Shoemaker, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Stevens, Storm. Stowell, Swann, Thomas.
Washington Townsend, Van Trump,Waddell, Walls,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, John T. Wilson, and Wood—96.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Biggs, Clarke, Coburn, Darrall, Dawes, Duell, Ely,
Farwell, Forker, Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks, George
E. Harris, Hays, Hill, Hooper, Lynch, McKee, Mc-
Neely, Mercur. Mitchell, Negley, Peck, Aaron F.
Perry, Peters, Potter, William R. Roberts, Sawyer,
Sherwood, Snyder, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight
Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Washburn, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and Winchester—41.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Randall's
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 139, nays 49, not voting 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beatty, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell. Carroll, Cobb, Comingo, Conger, Crebs,
Creeley, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, De Large,
Dickey, Dox, Duke, Dunnell, - Eldridge, Elliott,
Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett,
Getz. Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Handley,
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, John T. Harris, Havens,
Hay, John W. Hazleton, Hereford, Holman, Kelley,
Kendall, Killinger, King, Lamison, Lamport, Leach,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
McCormick, McGrew, McHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Junkin, McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Moore. Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Niblack, Packard, Packer, Parker, Perce. Eli Perry,
Piatt, Porter, Price, Ruiney, Randall, Read, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, Rogers, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Slo-
cum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer. Stevens, Steven-
son, Storm, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Swann,
Sypher, Terry, Washington Townsend, Tuthill,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vaushan,
Voorhees,Waddell,Waldron, Wallace,Walls. White-
ley, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—139.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Bird, James G.
Blair, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Burchard,
Clarke, Coburn, Cook, Cotton, Cox, Donnan, Eames,
Charles Foster, Fryo, Garfield, Goodrich, llawley,
Gerry W. Hazleton. Hoar, Kerr, Ketcham, Kinsella.
Lansing, Lynch, McCrary, Merriam, Monroe, Orr,
Palmer, Peek, Pendleton, Peters, Poland, Potter,
Prindle, Roosevelt, Rusk, Shellabarger, H. Board-
man Smith, Stoughton, Taffe, Thomas, Wakeman,
Walden, Warren, Wheeler, and Willard—-i'j.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Beck, Darrall, Dawes, DuBose, Duell, Ely, farns-
worth, Farwell, Ilalsey, Hambleton, George E. Har-
ris, Hays, Hill, Hooper, Lowe, McKee, McNeely,
Mcrcur, Mitchell, Negley, Aaron F. Perry, Edward
Y. Rice, Sessions, Sherwood, Snyder, Sprague,
Dwight Townsend, Turner, Washburn, Wells, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and Winchester—35.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended ; and the bill (H. lv. No.
173) was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WELLS said: On this question I am
paired with Mr. Mercur, of Pennsylvania. If
lie were present he would vote "no," and I
would vote "ay."
&OBEKT MOIIl AND COMPANY.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and have passed at this time a
joint resolution for the relief of Robert Moir
& Co.
The resolution, which was read,-authorizes
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue to in-
quire into and determine the amount, if any,
of distilled spirits contained in the bonded
warehouse of Robert Moir& Co., in the fourth
district of Illinois, on the 30th day of June,
1870, and which on said day was struck by
lightning and, with its contents, destroyed, and
to abate and remit all taxes and assessments
due and unpaid upon any distilled spirits so
destroyed.
Mr. HAWLEY. This joint resolution was
unanimously reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means of the last House, and passed
the House by unanimous consent. It was lost
in the Senate, with probably five hundred other
bills, because there was not sufficient time to
consider and pass it, I ask unanimous con-
