788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
which relates to the destruction of houses, ten-
ements, and other property. Let any gentle-
man read it critically and see if the intent is
not confined in its application to the portion
which relates to injuries to the person, not the
property. I believe that the true, legal, and
judicial construction will entirely exempt that
class of injuries to the property from the neces-
sity of establishing the intent stated in the sub-
sequent words of that Ihave read. The offenses
against the property will be complete without
proof of the intent. It is, therefore, an assump-
tion by Congress of power to go into a State
and punish, without such an intent, any per-
sons who riotously or tumultuously assemble
together and commit any of these offenses. To
that extent, therefore, it is entirely without
the purview of anything contained in the four-
teenth or any other amendment to the Consti-
tution, or in the text of the Constitution itself.
In reference to that part of the section which
I have read, I wish to ask the attention of the
House to the further fact that, for the first time
in the history of the U nited States, it is attempt-
ed by a law of Congress to punish criminally
a civil division of a State of this Union for
crimes or wrongs against the laws of the Uni-
ted_ States committed by the citizens of the
United States within that municipal subdivis-
ion of the State. It is said by gentlemen that
this is no extraordinary kind of legislation;
that it was enforced at the common law, and
that it has been enforced in many of the States
of this Union, in several of the New England
States, in the State of New York and espe-
cially in the city of New York, and in the State
of Pennsylvania and especially in the city of
Philadelphia. But I assure gentlemen that
they will search the codes of those States in
vain to find any example for this bill. There
is none. There are some enactments that give
remote analogy for it. But they are all most
materially different in principle, altogether
better guarded in their provisions, and infin-
itely less liable to abuse. There is no attempt
anywhere to punish a citizen of a State for the
commission of an ordinary crime against the
person of his fellow-man, by transferring the
offense which he has committed to the county,
parish, or city in which he resides, and com-
pelling all the people, the innocent as well as
the guilty, to respond for him in damages.
In the States to which reference has been
made it is, I agree, somewhat common to
require the municipal organizations created
by those States, which are part and parcel of
the local machinery adopted by the State gov-
ernments in the execution of their reserved
powers, to require them to perform certain
duties which are necessary in the police regu-
lation, government, and protection of society,
and to punish them where they fail to execute
the duties thus imposed upon them, sometimes
by fines and penalties, to be exacted in ways
indicated in the laws of those States. But
there is no example of the precise character
involved in this bill. It is not in the cases of
ordinary crimes, or of personal wrongs and
injuries, such as arson, murder, larceny, as-
sault and battery, and mayhem, that counties
or cities of the States are required to answer
for the crimes of individual citizens. Those
offenses for which the counties and other
municipal organizations are required to an-
swer, are failures to keep up the public high-
ways, failures to keep the bridges of the county
in good repair, or failures of cities to keep their
streets in safe condition, or failures to protect
the people against mobs, against open, numer-
ous, riotous, tumultuous uprisings of the peo-
ple, leading to the destruction of property.
All that is generally done upon the theory,
almost always well-founded, that all the peo-
ple of those respective subdivisions are by the
very publicity of the manner in which these
crimes are committed put upon notice that
they are about to be committed, and thus it is
made their duty to interpose every means in
their power to prevent their commission. But
in such an application there is no.violation by
the States either of fundamental principles or
of constitutional law. It is the exercise by the
State of its original police jurisdiction. The
power it obtains from that great fountain of
undelegated authority in the States. All power
not conferred upon the Federal Government
abides still in the States or the people.
It is said that this is borrowed from the com-
mon law of England. So it may be. But why go
there for power under a written constitution in
cases like these ? I submit, however, that even
there, and in the dark and curious history of the
common law, you'will find no countenance for
some of the provisions of this section. It is
true that the idea of punishing a community
for offenses committed by its citizens is bor-
rowed from the common law ; but it originated
many centuries ago, and was the result of a
very imperfect civilization. I am sure we are
not to-day, and under our system of govern-
ment, called upon to go back to those ages for
guidance in the interpretation of our constitu-
tional and delegated powers.
What was the theory upon which this policy
was originally adopted? It was the very one
to which I have already referred—that where
certain offenses were committed with demon-
strations of violence, noise, and tumult, they
attracted the attention of the few inhabitants
of their small subdivisions, in those days
called "hundreds," very inconsiderable and
limited portions of country, almost within the
reach of a single human voice, there being
many "hundreds " in each county, so that the
people were all put upon notice, and it was
made the duty of each and every one to raise
immediate hue and cry against the felon, and,
if possible, to arrest him. And under the
operation of the earliest of this class of laws,
the chief of which was called the statute of
Winchester, (13 Edward I, chap. 1,) it was pro-
vided that if the people of the hundred, called
the hundreders, did thus promptly rise and
make pursuit and arrest the criminal, they
should not be held liable for the result of his
crime. But it should not be forgotten that
in all those cases the obligation or liability of
the inhabitants rested upon the theory that by
reason of the public and demonstrative char-
acter and manner of the crime, they had sub-
stantial notice, and therefore, as good citizens,
it was their duty to take preventive steps at
once. The inhabitants were, in other words,
chargeable with guilty knowledge, as in the
cases of the riots in New York, Philadelphia,
and Baltimore, in 1854-55, for the outrages
of which those cities were, under their State
laws, made to pay.
The practical effect of that system in those
very small territorial limits was to make each
citizen a conservator of the peace, a sort of
bailiff, to aid the public authorities in main-
taining the law within those small limits. The
operation of the statute of Winchester, I know,
was afterward much extended, and especially
by the statute of 9 George I, chapter 22,
called the "black act."
But it must be remembered, in reference to
this attempted application of that principle in
our country at large, and by Congress, that
some counties of this country are almost as large
as the whole of that island from which we get
our common law, and that many of our coun-
ties are very sparsely settled ; that the people
are engaged in agricultural employments, and
live remote from each other; that these com-
binations of two or three persons to commit
crimes against one or more of the citizens of
a county may be originated and executed with-
out any possibility that one other human be-
ing in the county or parish shall know any-
thing about the intent or the execution.
There ia,_ therefore, a total and absolute
absencc of notice, constructive or implied,
within any decent limits of law or reason.
And the bill itself is significantly silent on the
subject of notice to these counties and par-
ishes or cities. Under this section it is not
required, before liability shall attach, that it
shall be known that there was any intention to
commit these crimes, so as to fasten liability
justly upon the municipality. It is not required
to be proved that there was any previous indi-
cation of the purpose of these wrong-doers, or
that there were any rioters roaming over
the country, or through the community, that
could put any portion whatever of the people
upon notice or even upon inquiry. It is arbi-
trarily and defiantly assumed that they know
it, and are, therefore, guilty. Considering
the condition of our country, the habits and
pursuits of the people, I say this is simply
monstrous and outrageous. It punishes the
innocent for the guilty. It takes the prop-
erty of one and gives it to another by mere
force, without right, in the absence of guilt or
knowledge, or the possibility of either. It vio-
lates all just principles of law. It is in full
keeping with the incurably vicious character
of this entire measure.
I now come to inquire is it competent for
the Congress of the United States to punish
municipal organizations of this kind in this
way at all, with or without notice ? My judg-
ment is that such power nowhere exists; that
it cannot be found within the limits of the
Constitution; that its exercise cannot be
justified by any rational construction of that
instrument. I hold that the constitutional
power of the Federal Government to punish the
citizens of the United States for any offenses
punishable by it at all may be exercised and
exhausted against the individual offender and
his property ; but when you go one inch be-
yond that you are compelled, by the very
necessities which surround you, to invade
powers which are secured to the States, which
are a necessary and most essential part of the
autonomy of State governments, without which
there can logically be no State government.
For it must be remembered that if you can
impose these penalties at all upon the coun-
ties, parishes, or cities, and can invade their
treasuries or control their ministerial officers
to any extent whatever, your power is un-
limited, it may go to any extent you please, it
may take the entire control of all these officers
of the State governments, and thus practically
and substantially break down those govern-
ments, putting everything and everybody under
the sovereign will aud pleasure of the Congress
of the United States.
It has been declared by Chief Justice Mar-
shall, and never questioned by the Supreme
Court since, and it is not susceptible of suc-
cessful denial, that wherever Congress, in the
exercise of any granted power, elects any
mode of execution, or adopts any instrument-
ality by which it will carry into execution any
of these powers, the instrumentalities selected
become the exclusive instruments of the Fed-
eral Government; that the power of the Fed-
eral Government over them is above all other
control; that in the very nature of things there
can be in these divisions of power no partner-
ship. The power of the Federal Government
must be exclusive. The power of the State
government within its limits, and as to the
reserved powers of the States, must be exclu-
sive, and in an important sense sovereign.
Such is the declaration of the Supreme Court.
But what becomes of all this theory under the
practical working of this bill ?
_ These systems of local government by coun-
ties and cities are adopted by the States as
instrumentalities to aid them in the wise and
judicious regulation and protection of the local
and domestic interests of their citizens. It
will never do to say that they maybe tampered
with, impeded, or arrested in the discharge of
their duties, as this bill proposes. It would
be fatal to the success and very existence of
local self-government. It has many times been
solemnly decided by the Supreme Court that
these agencies adopted by the States to aid in
local administration are above the touch or
control of any power, are subject only to the
