1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
sent to have it passed now; otherwise I must
move to suspend the rules for that purpose.
No objection was made; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 27) was received, and read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
john j. bradford.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce and have passed at this time a bill
to relieve John J. Bradford of his political dis-
abilities. He is a citizen of Hancock county,
Mississippi.
Mr. KELLEY. Has he applied to have his
disabilities removed?
Mr. PERCE. He has.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R.
No. 174) was received, read a first, second,
and third time, and (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) the bill was passed.
Mr. PERCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
charles h. h'blair.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and have passed at this time a
bill to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution from Charles
H. McBlair, of Maryland.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment?
Mr. ARCHER. I prefer to have this bill
stand alone.
Mr. KELLEY. Has he applied to have his
disabilities removed?
Mr. ARCHER. He has.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 175) was received and read a first, second,
and third time, and (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) the bill was passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
constitutional amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move that the
rules be suspended so as to pass a joint reso-
lution affirming the power of Congress to im-
pose the ratification of the fifteenth article of
amendments upon certain States as a condi-
tion-precedent to representation in Congress,
and declaring the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth articles of amendments to have been
duly ratified by three fourths of the States of
the Union.
The joint resolution was read as follows:
Whereas, the Democratic members of the senate of
the State of Indiana voted for and passed through
that branch of the Legislature of said State the fol-
lowing joint resolution, to wit:
"Joint resolution of the Legislature of Indiana
withdrawing its assent to the ratification of the fif-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitution.
"Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of
Indiana, That the pretended ratification of the fif-
teenth amendment proposed to the Constitution of
the United States on the part of the State of Indiana,
was and is null and void, and of no binding force or
effect whatever, and the counting of the vote of the
State in favor of the same was done without any
lawful warrant or authority, and that, protesting
against the same, this General Assembly does now
withdraw and rescind all action, perfect or imper-
fect, on the part of this State, purporting to assent
to and ratify said proposed fifteenth amendment.
"Resolved, further, by the authority aforesaid, That
Congress has no lawful power derived from the Con-
stitution of the United States, nor from any other
source whatever, to require any State of the Union
to ratify an amendment proposed to the Constitution
of the United States as acondition-precedentto rep-
resentation in Congress; that all such acts of ratifica-
tion are null and void: and the votes so obtained
ought not to be counted to affect the rights of the
people and the States of the whole Union; and that
the State of Indiana protests and solemnly declares
that the so-oalled fifteenth amendment is not this
day, nor over has been inlaw, apart of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
"Resolved, further, by the authority aforesaid. That
the State of Indiana does now propose and ask that
the Congress of the United States may and will, as
soon as practicable, call a convention of the States
and the people, according to the provisions of the
fifth article of the Constitution ofthe United States,
for the purpose of proposing amendments to said
Constitution for the ratification by the States.
" Resolved further, by the authority aforesaid, That
the Governor of Indiana be, and is hereby, directed
to transmit an authenticated copy of these resolu-
tions and the preamble thereto, to each of the Gov-
ernors of the several States of the Union, and to each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress."
And whereas the validity of the act of Congress
approved the 10th day of April, 1869, in relation to
the ratification of the fifteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution by the States of Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas; and also the validity and
binding force of the ratification of said article by
either of said States, is called in question by the
resolutions aforesaid: Therefore.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, &e„ That the Congress of theUnited States had
the lawful power to impose upon the said States the
ratification of the fifteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution, as a condition-precedent to repre-
sentation in Congress, and thattheratification there,
of, pursuant to such act of Congress by either of said
States is valid, to all intents and purposes, and bind-
ing upon the States so ratifying, and upon all the
States, and that the State having so ratified has no
lawful right to rescind the same.
Andbeit further resolved, That the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth articles of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States have been duly
ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
several States, and that said amendments are valid
to all intents and purposes as a part of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and as such binding and
obligatory upon the Executive, the Congress, the
several States and Territories, and all the citizens
of the United States.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
privileged motion. We have had enough of
the Indiana fight. It is now after four o'clock;
and I mdve that the House adjourn.
On the motion there were—ayes 73, noes 85.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 84, nays 101, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Dox, DuBose, Duke.
Eldridge, Ely, Farnswtmth. 1'orker, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Handley,
Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Holman, Kendall,
Kerr. King, Kinsella, Lamison. Leach, Lewis, Man-
son, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McHenry,
Mclntyre, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan,
Niblack, Eli Perry, Potter, Randall, Read, Edward
Y. Rice,John M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberta,
Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Shober, Slater, Slo-
cum, Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Storm, Swann,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waddell, Warren, Wells, Wnitthorne, Williams of
New York, Wood, and Young—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Cotton, Creely, Davis, Dawes, De Large. Dickey,
Donnan, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Hale, Harmer, George E. Harris,
Havens, Hawley, Hay, John W. Hazleton, Hereford,
Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Killinger, Lamport, Lansing,
Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, Merriam, Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Orr, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palmer, Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prindle, Rainey,
Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Sbecr,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John
T. Wilson—101.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Banks,
Barry, Burohard, Clarke, Darrall, Duell, Par well,
Henry D. Foster, Fry, Garfield, Halsey. Hamblcton,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton, Hill, Ketcham, Lowe,
Lynch, McJunkin, McKee, McNeely, Mercur, Mer-
rick, Mitchell, Negley, Aaron F. Perry, Price, Seeley,
Sherwood, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Suther-
land, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Washburn, and
Winchester—38.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Indiana, to suspend the rules.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the last
resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will be read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask that all the res-
olutions with the preamble may be read. I
do not think they were understood by all
members.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. COX. I would like a division of the
question. We on this side might vote for. the
last resolution. It seems all right.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules to pass the joint resolution. There
cannot be a separate vote on each resolutiori-
except by unanimous consent.
Several members objected.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions without
the preamble will be read.
The resolutions were read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. By one vote do we suspend the rules
and pass both the preamble and resolution ?
The SPEAKER. That is the effect of the
motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Cannot the preamble and
resolution be divided?
The SPEAKER. Not unless by unanimous
consent. The gentleman from Indiana moves
to suspend the rules and pass the preamble and
resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 110, nays 75, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber. Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cook, Cotton, Creely, Dawes, De Large,
Dickey, Donnan, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Farns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Goodrich, Hale, Harmer. George E. Harris, Havens,
Hawley. Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazleton,
Hoar, Hooper. Kelley, Kendall, Ketcham,'Killin-
ger, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, Maynard,
McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin, Merriam, Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Orr, Pack-
ard, Packer, Palm or, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wald-
ron, Wallace, Wheeler. Whiteley, Willard„Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, andJ.ohn T.Wil-
son—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Caldwell. Campbell, Carroll, Comingo,Cox, Critcher,
Crossland, ;I>avis, Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Eldridge,
Forker, Garrett, Getz, Golladay,Griffith, Haldeman,
Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford,
Holman, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
McClelland, McCormick, MeHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Kinney, Merrick, Benjamin E.Meyers, Morgan. Nib-
lack, Parker. Eli Perry, Potter, Price, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson,
Shober,Slater, Sloss, R.Milton Speer. Storm, Swann,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
AVaddell, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams, of
New York, Wood, and Young—75.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Benjamin F. Butler, Crebs, Darrall. Duell, Ely, Far-
well, Henry D. Foster, Halsey, Hambleton, Hay,
Hays, Hill, Kerr, Lowe, Marshall, MeKee, McNeely,
Mercur, Mitchell, Negley, Peek, Aaron F. Perry.
William It. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sherwood,
Slocum, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Stevens,
Dwight Townsend, Turner, Walls, Washburn, and
Winchester—38.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended for the
purpose indicated.
During the vote,
Mr. BUCKLEY stated that his colleagues,
Mr. Hays and Mr. Turner, had been confined
to their rooms for several days by sickness.
Mr. PETERS stated that Mr. Snyder, of
Arkansas, was sick at his room.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, is
an explanation in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I change my vote
from '• no " to "ay."
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolution (S. R.
No. 1) authorizing the appointment of a com-
missioner to an international Congress on peni-
I tentiary and reformatory discipline; when the
| Speaker signed the same.
