790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19V
continuance and application of the law of July
17, 18G2, to the numerous classes of cases pro-
vided for inthe proposed bill. That law, if it
was ever warranted by any exigency, ought to
have been repealed the moment the war ended ;
it was not, and now, when by this bill private
suits for damages are allowed in almost all
conceivable cases; when Government officials
can, on any sort of pretended misconduct, ar-
raign citizens, civilly and criminally, before
the courts of the United States, its contin-
uance on the statute-book is a monstrous out-
rage. The repeal of the first section is simply
a delusion and a fraud as long as the second
section remains in force ; indeed, I regard the
second as more odious, more inquisitorial, and
more despotic than the first, it contains all
the iniquitous provisions of the first; applies
to the whole venires instead of to the individ-
ual, tries the juror for perjury before a jury
organized to convict, from which, in many
States, every white man will be excluded; in
short, it is infamous—no other parliamentary
word will express the idea. The section reads
thus:
And be it further enacted. That at each, and every
term ol any court oi the United States, the district
attorney, or otner person acting tor, and on behalf
of the United States m said court, may move, and
the court in their discretion may require the clerk
to tender to each and every person who may be
summoned to serve as a grand or petit juror, or
venireman or talesman, in said court, the following
oath or affirmation, namely: "You do solemnly
swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that yoa will
support the Constitution of the United States of
America ; that you have not, without duress and
constraint, taken up armsor joined any insurrection
or rebellion, giving it aid and comtort; that you
have not directly or indirectly, given any assistance
in money, or any other thins, to any person or per-
sons whom you knew, or had good ground to believe,
had joirs.ed, or about to join, said insurrection
and rebellion, or had resisted, or was about to resist,
with force of arms, the execution of the laws of the
United ritateg; and that you have not counseled, or
advised any persjn or persons to join any rebellion
against, or to resist with force of arms, the laws of
the United States." Any person or persons declining
to take said oath shall be discharged by the court
'rotn serving on the grand or petit jury, or venire to
which he may have been summoned.
Sir, under this section no man, whether he
is now a Republican or a Democrat, whether
he was during the war a loyal or disloyal man,
who resided in the South during any or all the
years of conflict, ever gave a cup of cold
water, a meal of victuals, or a pair of socks to
a hungry or starving boy, who either belon ,ad
to or was about to join the confederate army,
no matter by what ties of kindred or friend-
ship, saying nothing of the demands of com-
mon humanity, impelled him, can sit on a
grand or petit jury in any court of the United
States if a venal or corrupt judge sees fit to
exclude him on the motion of any official, or
anybody acting for such officer. Talk about
peace, protection, and good will with such a
provision as this! It is simply an attempt to
organize "hell" throughout all the South;
and that seems to be the object and purpose
of the leading advocates of this bill.
Sir, the district attorney can strike from the
jury on his motion, if the court sees fit, jurors
which both parties to the controversy have
accepted; in short, life, liberty, and property
are placed absolutely at the mercy of Govern-
ment officials, bound to obey the dictates of
the President. The trial by jury is a mockery
and a farce, and condemnation will speedily
follow all the aiders and abettors of this
scheme of iniquity.
Mr. KKRR. I now yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Before the gen-
tleman fiom New York proceeds I desire to
say that if it is agreeable to the House, at the
expiration of two hours after the time of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kekr] began, I
will ask that the previous question be ordered,
and if the House sustains it there will be one
hour to be divided up among members, of which
I will consume no part myself.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
when I heard the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] this morning advocating this
amendment imposing Federal money penalties
upon State counties, parishes, aud towns, I
could not but recall to my mind how little
progress man is making in anything save in
mere mechanism and in physical science, for
in political science we are standing here to-day
just where we stood in the year 1800, nearly
three fourths of a century gone by. The whole
spirit of the arguments which he advanced
this morning for force and Federal power is
the very spirit of the Federalists of 1800 who
advocated the Federal alien and sedition laws.
There is thus nothing new in politics. The
struggle now is the same as the struggle of
1800, a struggle between Federalism and De-
mocracy, with Federalists on the one side and
Democrats on the other. The parties that
exist now are the very parties that existed in
1800, when there were Federalists under the
lead of Alexander Hamilton, and Democrats
under the lead of Thomas Jefferson. The
issues involved in the struggle of that day are
the same as those involved in this (Sherman)
amendment and in other portions of the bill.
The name of Republican ought to be abro-
gated, and-the name of Federalist should be
assumed as the only name proper to a party
who uphold an amendment and a bill like this.
Sir, why should we yield these amendments
to the Senate of the United States 1 What have
they yielded to us? We presented to them an
amnesty bill, largely supported, to their credit,
by the Republican members of this House, but
what have the Senate done ? Unable to com-
prehend anything but force, unable to compre-
hend anything whatever but Federalism, with
sword in hand they thro w away the olive branch,
and propose only the sword and force for the
people. They know nothing of clemency, they
know nothing of mercy, they comprehend none
of the kind and tender provisions of this Gov-
ernment. They have no idea of local, State,
county, or municipal government. They know
nothing but the Federal sword. Every lesson
they have learned is a lesson learned in mon-
archies, in utter defiance of Democratic prin-
ciples everywhere, nay, in utter defiance of
sound Republicanism, too.
Sir, let me refer to another thing. The Sen-
ate, as I have said, have yielded nothing to us,
and why should we yield everything to them ?
By their action on the bill repealing the duties
on coal and salt, passed by the House, they
have leftimposed upon the people of this coun-
try a surplus taxation of $175,000,000, running
through twenty-two months, up to June 1,
1873, before this Congress can again, with due
notice to the people, reduce the annual surplus
of a hundred millions of taxation. They have
refused to reduce a dollar of taxation now, in
utter defiance of the wants of the people, while
they turn upon us and present to us neither the
olive branch of the amnesty bill nor the reduc-
tion of taxation, but only a force bill, threat
ening not alone the southern people, but all the
northern people too, in a bill that may be used,
if so desired, as a terrorizing instrument of the
elections in all the old free States of this
Union.
Sir, I would surrender nothing further to
the Senate, and I trust this House will make
no further surrenders. I trust it will stand
upon its dignity, upon its proud position as
the real representatives of the people of this
country. I know I cannot speak of a coordinate
branch of this Government with disrespect,
and, therefore, I am not just now to be con-
sidered as speaking of the Senate, but I do
say there is a body of men in this country, an
oligarchic body, which, as now constituted,
represents nobody, which represents nothing
whatever but itself; through which the nu-
merical power of this people cannot be heard,
and where the House of Representatives is set
at utter defiance—a body, 1 repeat, represent-
ing nobody, representing nothing, where two
men only are holding coordinate power with the
millions of the great State of New York, or
Ohio, or Illinois, whose constituency in the
far-off West brought here in mass could all
be exhibited within this Hall.
I beg thisHouse, then, representing the peo-
ple, and who have already spoken here when
unawed and unintimidated by the Senate, not
to be now driven from its position by au oli-
garchic and aristocratic body, thus represent-
ing nobody and nothing, and which has only
the respect of the people because it ia a relic
of the past. And if this oligarchy cannot be
reformed or recreated so as in something to
represent the numerical and real representa-
tive power of the people, it ought no longer to
exist, but ought to be abolished. Sir, these
are not alone my sentiments upon the subject,
but the sentiments of increasing numbers of
men, and which will be sooner or later pre-
sented to the people. Hitherto, when I have
been a student of history, it has been my
delight to know that lawyers have hitherto rep -
resented the liberal sentiments of the people,,
have hitherto resisted martial law, have hith-
erto maintained the habeas corpus, have hith-
erto stood by civil and popular rights; "but when
I hear the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
and those who go with him, it seems to me
that I am not only carried back to the era of
1800, when Federalism was in rampant sway,
but I am carried back to that dark period in
British history when lawyers were unfaithful
to the people, when they thought more of king
than of country, when, as now, some of them
yielded everything to the Crown—habeas cor-
pus, martial law, trial by jury; in short, all
civil law. When I hear such men pervert the
civil law, ride rough-shod over Magna Charts,
and break down what is more important to us
than Magna Charta, the writ of habeas corpus,
the only instrument the people have to pre-
serve them from lawless power, I thank God
that I do not belong to any part of that profes-
sion which can thus pervert the common as
well as constitutional law, but to a far more
liberal profession, which, wherever it exists,
more or less better sympathizes with and rep-
resents the rights and interests of the people.
Mr. HOAR. I beg leave to assure the gen-
tleman that the whole profession will join him
in thanks that he does not belong to it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am willing
at any time to contrast my profession with his.
part of bis profession.
Mr. KERR. I now yield to the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Willaed] for ten minutes.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, as I have
been unable to agree to the conclusions which
the committee of conference in their report
have presented to the House, it is due to my-
self tliat I should state some of the reasons
which lead me to that disagreement. I dis-
agree with the committee, first, in yielding to
the Senate in the amendment fixing the limit-
ation of time to the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus at the end of the next regular
session of Congress. I deem the provision
for the suspension of that writ one of such im-
portance, 1 deem the writ of habeas corpus of
so much value to individual liberty, that when
we are not in the presence of an armed rebel-
lion, when we are not in the presence of what ,
we can now declare 9^ legislative act to be a
rebellion at all, if we place the discretion in
any man to suspend the writ, we ought, out of
regard to the safeguards of personal freedom
provided by the constitutional limitation on
the suspension of the privilege, to name a
fixed and precise limit of time beyond which
the exercise of the discretion given to the
President shall not extend. While, therefore,
I am prepared to fix the limit at the 1st of
July, 1872, or the 1st of August, or even the
1st of September of that year, or any time
which would carry it beyond the usual adjourn-
ment of the next regular session of Congress,
I prefer that we should set an absotute limita-
tion, a point of time beyond which the writ of
habeas corpus cannot be suspended except by
further legislation.
