792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
that this is punishment for crime, the pun-
ishment of a county, city, or parish, for the
wrongs and offenses of individuals. By no
means. It is only a remedy to the party
injured, and the argument is that we should
not punish them unless you give them notice
or convict the criminal; that you should not
punish them until it is shown that the county
or city have had time to interfere and prevent
the wrong. Here is the mistake in the argu-
ment. We propose remedy, not punishment.
I would not apply to anybody any kind of
law that I am not willingto live under myself;
and 1 have lived and the State of Massachu-
setts has lived under precisely this provision
of law in regard to riots. I will read the law :
" Sec. 8. AY hen property ofthc value of fifty dollars
or more is destroyed, or property is injured to that
amount, by any persons to the number of twelve or
more, riotously, routously, or tumultously assem-
bled, the city or town within which tbeproperty was
situated shall be liable to indemnify the owner
thereof, to the amount of three lourths of the value
of the property destroyed, or of the amount of such
injury thereto, to be recovered in an action of tort:
Provided, That the owner of such property uses all
reasonable diligence to prevent its destruction or
injury, and to procure the conviction of the offenders.
" Sec. 9. A city or town which pays any sum under
the provisions of the preceding section may recover
the same against any or ail of the persons who
destroyed or injured such property."
Now, there we give to every man whose
property is destroyed a remedy against the
town, although its authorities may have done
all they could do, or which by sudden surprise
they were prevented from doing, to protect the
individual. I wish to give the reason for this
legislation, and I call the attention of the
Democrats on the opposite side to it—the rea-
son why Puritan Massachusetts put this legis-
lation upon its statute-book. In 1834 there
were slanders and denunciations against a
Catholic conventat Charlestown, in the neigh-
borhood of Boston, and to such an extent did
they inflame the public mind, that one night a
number of brick-makers assembled in riot, and,
before any competent authority knew it, they
had burned down that convent and dispersed
the inmates. Some of them were arrested
and tried and convicted. There was then no
law on our statute-book giving to the injured
party any remedy, and thereupon in 18o9 we
passed this statute, and it has been the law
ever since. Puritan Massachusetts, Presbyte-
rian Massachusetts. Protestant Massachusetts
took into consideration at once the fact of such
wrong done against a not very large class of
religionists in the State, and made a remedy
to protect them.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. WILLARD. _ Does not the State of
Massachusetts also give your cities or counties
full power to put down all such riots?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
There is no special power given to cities, coun-
ties, or towns. But, through tbeir constables
and everybody else, they have power over this
as they have over other crimes.
Mr. WILLARD. The distinction between
that case and this is, that in this case the
United States Government does not give the
counties any power to enforce the laws, while
the State authorities do.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
invalidity of the gentleman's argument is that
he looks upon this as a punishment for the
county. Naw, wc do not look upon it a3 a
punishment at all. It is a mutual insurance.
We are there a community, and if there is
any wrong done by our community, or by
the inhabitants of our community, we will
indemnify the injured party for that wrong,
to the value, in our case, of three fourths of
the damages. We will not say to the man
who has suffered the loss, "You shall bear
our losses alone;" but we will stand up mail-
iully, put our hands in our pockets, and pay
our share of the loss, in order to make 0ood
his damage ; we will bear equally with him
the burden and the wrong.
The difficulty in the argument—altogether
on the other side—has been that this has been
treated as if it were a punitive section only.
It is not. It is an insurance section. It in-
sures the citizen the protection of the laws; and
the considerations as to the want of power to
punish or the want of power to interfere with
crimes in the States nowhere applies to this
section. It is not punitive or penal, but reme-
dial simply. And the question comes up
whether the United States, under our Consti-
tution, have the power to give aremedy to the
citizen when he is wronged.
I have just as stringent a law in the State in
which 1 live as I wish applied to the rest of
! the United States. I never have wanted to give
| to any others a law which I did not wish to
! live under myself. And I take pride in point-
i: ing to the fact that when wrongs of this class
11 are done in Massachusetts we give a remedy.
If there is not a lav/ on our statute-books that
will give a ren-.edy we immediately put one
there. And I desire now only to say to other
communities precisely what we say to our
own communities, "Bear ye one another's
burdens." .
And here let me mention the great fact upon
which all this stands. It is this: that no riot
can have place, that no riotous gathering of
men in a community can gain head unless its
continuance is winked at or connived at by
the leading men of the community. This ques-
tion of notice does not come in. There is no
occasion to give the community notice. The
wrong is a wrong of numbers tamultuously and
riotously assembled, and that cannot be unless
it is winked at by the community.
Then, if they do wink at it, stand by it, con-
nive at it, it seems to ma clear that they should
bear a part of the loss by such crimes. The
best reason for this section is that it will oper-
ate as a'preventive. The moment the men of
property in the South, the men of substance
in the South, the men who have something at
stake, understand that they are being injured
by Kukluxism, that their property is being put
in danger by Kukluxism, that their taxes are
being increased by Kukluxism, that moment
they will come forward and put down Kuklux-
ism. As soon as it was understood that there
could be no serious riot in Massachusetts with-
out everybody in the town being called upon
to contribute, from that hour to this there has
never been there any religious riot or any
other riot doing damage to property that could
not be suppressed within an hour.
And no harm has ever been done to any one
by this law. In a practice of the lawpretty ex-
tensive in my State of thirty years 1 do not
recall an instance where a remedy has had to
be enforced under it. Why? Because it acted
as a preventive measure, and this law of ours
will act as a preventive measure whenever it is
applied. Gentlemen of the South, if you have
this law established in your counties, you can
save more than you will ever lose by it, in
police expenses alone. You will find it self-
executing and self-operating ; and, in my judg-
ment, it is the most effective section in this
bill. There was a provision in the bill as it
was firstamended by the Senate which allowed
the plaintiff when he recovered judgment to
levy upon the property of any of the inhabit-
ants of the county, city, or parish, and gen-
tlemen cried out against that.
The difficulty is that gentlemen arc apt to
suggest doubts and constitutional qualms where
they have only prejudices, and they mistake
the one for the other. Now, I have lived
all my life, and so has the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Willaiid,] under a law which
allows, when an execution issues against a
town, the property of any man-in that town to
be taken to pay the judgment. If, for instance,
I am riding upon a highway in the town where
the gentleman lives, and a bridge breaks down
and lets me through, because it was defective
and rotten, I can sue the town and take the
gentleman's library in execution to pay the
judgment, and leave the gentleman to get his
remedy where he can.
Mr. WILLARD. Does not the law make
it the duty of the town to keep the bridge in
repair ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is made
the duty of the town, and it is the duty of the
community to keep watch and ward and to
take care of the lives of its citizens, as well
when they are not on a defective bridge as
when they are. Now, I say that this was not
an unheard-of provision, but the committee
of conference have stricken it out of the bill
and substituted a remedy against the county,
and now comes up the objection that we can-
not impose this on the county because it is a
State organization. My answer to that is a
very simple one. We have a right to put the
remedy to the injured party upon whom we
please, if we liave any right to legislate on the
subject at all. We have a right to say that all
the inhabitants within a radius of five miles
around the place where the wrong is commit-
ted shall be responsible, and we use "coun-
ties" as a convenient designation where there
are counties; we use "cities" as a convenient
designation where there are cities; and we use
"parishes," because in Louisiana there are
but one or two cities, and no counties, and
all parishes. We use these terms simply to
designate subdivisions of the people, local
communities.
Now, this is no new thing. The same thing
was done in the case of the draft. When we
drafted men for the war, which was thought
so unconstitutional at the time by gentlemen
opposite, we designated for that purpose by
law, not only cities and counties and towns,
but wards and divisions of cities and towns.
Mr. WILLARD. Did they require the city
of Boston to furnish the whole proportion of
the men called for from Massachusetts?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No ; but
they designated Boston to furnish its quota
precisely as we would designate Boston to fur-
nish its proportion of the remedy and payment,
if she allowed anybody to bo hanged within
her borders. It is precisely that and nothing
more, and we have only used the words "coun-
ties," "towns," and "parishes" here as we do
everywhere else.
But gentlemen say, who ever heard of a com-
munity being punished because of the acts of
a few individuals in violation of law? There
was a State known as South Carolina. I am
now very cautious about saying anything about
States, lest I should not be allowed ever to
speak again at all if I spoke against anybody's
State; but there was a State known as South
Carolina. Not the one now, for she went out
of the Union, and therefore I have a right to
speak about her. I speak of the one that went
out, and not the one that came back. In 1832
she nullified, and one Andrew Jackson was at
the head of the Government. The Congress
of that day passed a law called the "force bill,"
and the first provision was:
"That whenever by reason of unlawful obstruc-
tions, combinations, or assemblages of persons, it
shall become imprncticable to execute the revenuo
laws and collect the duties on imports in tho ordin-
ary way, in ar.y collection district, it shall and
may be lawful for tho President to direct that tho
custom-house for such district be established and
kept in any secure place within some port or harbor
of such district, either upon tho land or on board
any vessel."
I suppose the revenue laws are no more
sacred than laws protecting life and property.
Here, you see, was a community actually pun-
ished because of the dereliction of a few men
unlawfully assembled, and I commend gentle-
men before they argue the question of law, and
claim that we overstep the Constitution, to gc
back to the old force bill of 1833, because the
next provision of that law is this:
" It shall and may be lawful for tho President of
tho United States, or such person or persons as he
shall have empowered for tho purpose, to employ
such part of tho lard or naval forces or militia of the
