1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
they are non-resident foreigners and are not
living in the country of which they claim to
be citizens. I trust the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will follow the rule and usage of the
Senate in this respect, because I think he has
enforced it in one or two cases himself.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow
me to finish reading the memorial, it will be
then for the Senate to take such action upon
it as it sees best, when I have made one
remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of
order, however, can be made, and it arrests
further action until it is decided, unless the
Senator from Ohio withdraws it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator did not pre-
sent this as a petition. I was present, and
noticed when the Senator rose that he did not
ask leave to present it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist upon the point
of order.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make an inquiry.
I ask whether the Senator from Massachusetts
is reading this as a part of his remarks or
whether he is presenting it to the Senate ?
Mr. SUMNER. I began by saying that I
held in my hand a memorial from certain
parties whom I proceeded to name, describing
their titles and offices, being some of the most
eminent citizens of Dominica, now exiled by
the usurper Baez.
Mr. THURMAN. I wished merely to sub-
mit that if the Senator is reading it as part of
his remarks no question of order arises.
Mr. STEWART. Then I rise to a question
of order 
The VICE PPRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide the point of order made by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which will cover
the point suggested by his colleague, [Mr.
THCitMA5j,].and also by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.] The Chair rules
that the memorial is not in order to be enter-
tained by the Senate. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is aware, as an old Senator, of
the rule, which has been constantly enforced
by Presiding Officers, that petitions are not
allowed to be received from persons who are
not citizens of the United States. The furthest
point to which this rule has ever been waived
has been in receiving petitions from persons
resident in the United States nothaving become
citizens, but complaining of some wrong done
to them in their capacity as inhabitants of the
United States.
The Senator from Massachusetts is also
aware of the fact that if during the pendency
of the diplomatic communication of the high
commission now in session at Washington,
members of the British Parliament, no matter
how eminent they might be, no matter how
distinguished they might be in the kingdom of
Great Britain, should send to the Chair or
to the Senator from Massachusetts a remon-
strance to be presented to the Senate here
against concurring in the action of that high
commission because it was appointed by_ a
ministry to which they possibly might politic-
ally be hostile, the Senate of the United States,
in accordance with its usage, would not receive
it, nor probably would the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts consent to its reception. The same
is true in regard to our affairs with Spain or
other countries.
The Chair therefore rules on the point of
order submitted by the Senator from Ohio
that, in accordance with the usages of the Sen-
ate, a petition from persons claiming, as these
do, not to be citizens of the United States is
not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course, Mr. Presi-
dent—-
Mr. POMEROY. Allow me to make the
point which I intended to make when I rose
before. It is that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts did not ask leave to present this as a
petition, but to read it; and I think he has the
right to read it.
Mr. SUMNER. J. was reading it, and hail
not come to a conclusion. At the conclusion I
had intended to make a motion or a suggestion
to the Senate ; but I think 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not himself make points of order; but when
they are submitted it is his duty to rule on
them, as he has done in this case, in accord-
ance with his opinion.
Mr. SUMNER. I bow with great deference
to the Chair; but, by the indulgence of the
Chair, I would make one suggestion, that the
position of these memorialists is peculiar.
They are exiled by the usurper Baez, who is
now, aided by American guns, engaged in the
work of selling his country. They protest
against it as an outrage and a wrong. They
feel that their country is about to be sacri-
ficed ; they set forth their objections; and the
question is whether they, under the circum-
stances, should not be heard on the principles
of everlasting justice.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rise to a
question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin will state his point of order.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to know if there is any
question pending before the Senate on which
this debate can be entertained?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts has made a suggestion, and the
Chair will answer his suggestion if the Senator
from Wisconsin does not object. The Chair
desires to assimilate this to cases in regard to
which there is no excitement in the Senate or
in the country now. If, during the pendency
of the Ashburton treaty, settling the north-
eastern boundary ofthe United States, petitions
should have come from Canada, or from most
eminent citizens of Great Britain, insisting that
by that treaty part of the soil belonging to the
British empire was surrendered, certainly the
Senate would not have received such petitions
unless it had changed its usage ; and the Chair,
therefore, again submits to the Senator from
Massachusetts that by the usage, with which
he is familiar, and by the rules, no matter what
may be the object for which he desires to pre-
sent the petition, it is not in order. The usage
has been—and this was confirmed by Senators
many years ago in the Senate when this ques-
tion was discussed at considerable length—that
the only way in which citizens of foreign coun-
tries can approach the Congress of the United
States, when they areresidingabroad certainly,
was to submit their memorial to the Depart-
ment of State, and if the Department of State
jor the Executive see fitto submit it to Congress
it can be done. That has been done in cases
within the knowledge of the Senator who was
recently upon the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, if the
Chair will pardon me, and without meaning to
utter one word of criticism 
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there an appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. SUMNER. I make no appeal; but I
ask indulgence to make one remark to state
my purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts whether he moves
the reception of that petition ?
Mr. SUMNER. I had not made any motion.
Mr. THURMAN. If he does make that
motion, I insist it is a matter for the Senate
to decide.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not made any mo-
tion ; but, if the Chair will pardon me, I would
say that, considering the gravity of the subject,
the eminence of these petitioners, their deep
stake in the question, and having received this
petition from them, I thought I should not do
my duty to the Senate, I should not do^ my
duty to the country, of course I should fail in
duty to them if I did not give the Senate an
opportunity of knowing their protest. I there-
fore 
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist on the
enforcement of the rule. I ain compelled to
obey it and sit down when arrested by a point
of order. Let the Senator from Massachu-
setts do the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The enforcement
of t he rule is called for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest that
the Senator from Massachusetts was permitted
to proceed to make his remarks by general
assent, no objection being made when he stated
his purpose. Now, I respectfully submit that
according to the general courtesy of the Sen-
ate that permission shall not be withdrawn;
and I also submit further the idea that time
will be saved by allowing the Senator to pro-
ceed in his own way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing,
after the morning business is through, if the
Senator desires to make a speech on San
Domingo and to fortify himself with the peti-
tion of somebody out of San Domingo, to
hear him.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to make a
speech.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have here morning
business, which, under the rules, I have a right
to present, and I am prevented from doing so
by the Senator from Massachusetts, who, in
violation of a rule known to himself and en-
forced by himself in other cases, insists upon
bringing this topic here to the exclusion of the
public business which I am required to pre-
sent to the Senate. After this morning's busi-
ness is over, I will listen to the Senator with
pleasure.
Mr. SUMNER. One word in reply to the
Senator. The Senator says I am acting in vio-
lation of the rules. Will the Senator be good
enough to point out the rule ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair has already
decided it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. Take an appeal, then.
Mr. SUMNER. I take no appeal. The
Senator is mistaken; there is no rule on the
subject. There is a usage which has changed.
Every one remembers that Henry Clay pre-
sented on this floor a petition from the authors
of England, headed by Charles Dickens and
Harriet Martineau, asking for an international
copyright. Afterward a different usage was rec-
ognized ; but it is simply usage, and not rule.
Sly purpose was to read this memorial, to call
attention to its gravity, and appeal to the sense
of justice in this Senate to allow it to be
received and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to inquire of the Chair whether, if it
is in order for the Senator from Massachusetts
to make a speech at this time against San
Domingo in this manner, a reply would be in
order ; if so, I am in favor of letting him go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that it is not in order, upon this petition,
to make any remarks, as it is not a petition
that comes within the twenty-fourth rule, the
usage of the Senate having required petitions
and memorials to be from citizens of the United
States, and not from citizens of foreign coun-
tries ; and therefore, if the point of order was
made on the Senator from Indiana, if he rose to
reply, the Chair would sustain the point of order,
as he has been compelled to sustain the point
made by the Senator from Ohio. The Chair
does not make points of order ; but points of
order have always been considered in the Sen-
ate as being proper to be made at any period
when a Senator shall have disclosed to the body
the fact that the matter proposed, an amend-
ment proposed, or a proposition moved, was
not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Chair,
then, to rule that I can make no motion with
reference to this ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, be-
cause now petitions and memorials _ are in
order, and this is not a petition within the
rule.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I cannot move for
liberty to read it to the end ? It is short.
