794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
to tax a State municipal corporation. I think
my friend will have to search very far, very
"wide, and very long to discover any case where
a municipal corporation has been attempted to
be taxed by the Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not say taxed; but
to be dealt with, recognized, treated with.
Mr. POLAND. I cannot stop to argue with
my friend, as I have only fifteen minutes. The
principle of this law is taken from the old hue
and cry or hundred law. The liability there
was only a contingent liability. When prop-
erty was taken in a hundred all the officers
and all the inhabitants were immediately to
make hue and cry, on foot and horse, for the
purpose of arresting the offender. If they did
arrest the offender there was no liability on
the hundred. So it is with the riot law which
makes the community liable in case they fail to
find the offender. In the case of those English
early and later statutes there was no absolute
liability fixed upon the community, upon the
county or any municipality. It was made the
duty by law of the officers of the hundred and
all the inhabitants of the corporation to arrest
the offender. If they arrested him that was
the end of their liability.
Nearly all those statutes have become obso-
lete. They exist now only in a modified form,
and were never adopted in this country until
recently. It is true that in one or two of the
large States, where they have large cities with
large population living compact together, and
where they might easily put down riots, this
principle has been adopted. New York and
Massachusetts have done so, I am not aware
that it exists in any other New England State
except Massachusetts. All those statutes,
instead of being like this, enact this provision
as a part of the police system. The first thing
is to provide officers, prescribe their duties,
and they may call everybody within their juris-
diction out and help put down the riot. If
they fail to put down aggression upon the right
of the people, for their neglect they may be
made liable to the extent of damages done lo
property.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiella-
barger] said this morning that the Supreme
Court has decided in favor of this power on
the part of Congress. It has done no such
thing. Where a State has authorized a city or
county to make a contract, and when, under
the law of the State, they have made a con-
tract binding themselves, the Supreme Court
of the United States has said that they were
liable to be sued for the enforcement of that
contract. That is all the Supreme Court of
the United States have ever decided in regard
to the liability of municipal corporations.
When the State which created them has au-
thorized them to bind themselves by a con-
tract, and they have done so, the court has
very properly said that the courts were open
for the enforcement of such contracts, as for
enforcing the contracts of other parties. I
presume, too, that where a State had imposed
a duty upon such municipality, and provided
they should be liable for any damages caused
by failure to perform such duty, that an action
would be allowed to be maintained against
them in the courts of the United States under
the ordinary restrictions as to jurisdiction.
But the enforcing a liability, existing by their
own contract, or by a State law, in the courts,
is a very widely different thing from devolv-
ing a new duty or liability upon them by the
national Government, which has no power
either to create or destroy them, and no power
or control over them whatever. But, strange
as it may appear, gentlemen seem to have con-
founded their liability to suits on their con-
tracts as being the same thing with what is
now attempted. Nothing but a failure to give
reasonable thought to the subject could have
allowed any man to fall into such gross error.
Some gentlemen, and among them the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] seem
to have failed entirely to notice the distinction
between these municipal organizations and
ordinary business corporations, and to suppose
that'the national Government can deal with
one precisely as with the other. A business
corporation, as a bank, railroad company, or
manufacturing corporation, is in effect nothing
but a partnership. It is an association of per-
sons for a business venture or enterprise. The
corporate character given to it is for mere
business convenience, to give it more perma-
nent existence, to prevent dissolutions on the
death of a member, to facilitate the transfer
of interests in it, and enable it to sue without
joining all the partners or share-owners as
parties, and save its suits from abatement by
death or transfer of interest. In fact and sub-
stance it is a mere private partnership, may
be taxed and otherwise dealt with by the Gen-
eral Government in the same way and to the
same extent as a firm. Counties and towns
are subdivisions of the State government, and
exercise in a limited sphere and extent the
powers of the State delegated to them ; they are
created by the State for the purpose of carrying
out the laws and policy of the State, and are
subject only to such duties and liabilities as
State laws impose upon them. In a sense they
are corporations, but with only such powers
and subject to such burdens as the State may
deem advisable.
The national Government has the fullest
power of taxation, either by the imposition of
duties on imports or upon the products and
business of our own country. It may punish
frauds upon its revenue, derived in either form.
It may provide for forfeiture of smuggled goods
or of illicit distilleries. Indeed, the power of
the Government in this respect has hardly a
definable extent. But what would be thought
of a national law which should impose a pen-
alty upon the town in which a successful smug-
gler lived, or where an illicit distillery should be
run, or give an action against the town for the
loss of the Government in duties or taxes, by
such operations? But it would equally be in
the power of the national Government to do
this as to enact this Senate amendment. I say
again, it seems to me that legal gentlemen who
support it cannot have given it proper thought.
Republicans who oppose this amendment
are charged hero with party unfaithfulness.
Mr. Speaker, before I close, let me say a
word as to that. Our own committee who
reported this biil refused to attach any such
provision to it. The Judiciary Committee in
the Senate refused to add it. After the debate
in the Senate on the bill was closed it was
moved by the Senator whose name it bears,
and adopted by a small majority, without
debate and apparently without consideration.
It seems to have been a sporadic effort of the
mover, quite out of keeping with his ordinary
overcautious conservatism. When it came
from the Senate to the House it was defeated
by an overwhelming majority, a considerable
majority of the Republicans of the House voting
against it. It would seem that the Senate,
having once adopted it, deem themselves
bound to stand by and maintain it. But I
submit, Mr. Speaker, whether, under these cir-
cumstances, a Republican may not act upon
his own conscientious convictions of constitu-
tional duty without being called to account
for party insubordination.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will now yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley.] '
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say, in corroboration of the statement of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bdtler,]
that we have in our laws applicable to Phila-
delphia the provision embodied in this law in
reference to which so many conscientious
scruples are expressed.
Philadelphia was seriously afflicted for along
number of years with riots growing out of pop-
ular impulses. The neighborhoods in which
our colored people dwelt were more than oncc
mobbed and burned through the whole of wide
regions. When, under the impulse of Native
Americanism, a popular prejudice was raised
against Catholicism, the neighborhoods in
which the Catholics mainly dwelt became ob-
jects of riotous demonstrations, and the dwell-
ings of that people were burned. A riot that
was almost national in its character, in which
Pennsylvania Hall was burned because it had
been opened to the discussion of the slavery
question, was one of them. But after the pro-
visions embodied in this law had been put
upon our statute-book and executed in a few
instances, every tax-payer knew that his re-
sources were being exhausted when a riot was
demolishing property. Since then every party
in power in our municipality has known that
the tax-payers of the next year would take
notice of their want of fidelity if they permitted
the riotous destruction of property. We have
found that it operated like a charm. Only two
instances that I can now recall have occurred
since the passage of the law, and they were
required to give an appreciation of the law and
a knowledge of its existence to the people. I
apprehend that under its influence, more than
any other influence, Philadelphia, once so sorely
troubled by riotous demonstrations, is now as
free from them and from the possibility of their
assuming any great proportions as any city or
town in the world.
Having, then, seen the effect of this law; hav-
ing periled my life more than once in endeav-
oring to protect those who were the victims of
the rioters or to suppress the riots; having
been engaged in administering the criminal law
afterthe riots, I had.been profoundly impressed
with the danger thus occasioned in all great
cities to life and property. I had become
almost convinced that no law could protect
the property of citizens against popular preju-
dice in times of great excitement. But the
effect of this very provision has changed my
view, and I have learned that by making the
whole body of citizens insurers for the victims
you will have a safeguard which no police
arrangement can make, one more effective than
any other that I can conceive. I did not like the
original provision in the bill which allowed the
assessment to fall upon the individual. But
this does commend itself to my judgment, and
that not merely theoretically, but because I
have observed the effect of such a provision.
We cannot get a bill of this kind which will be
satisfactory to all of us. I had hoped that the
bill would contain a clause repealing the test-
oath for juries. I believe the time has come
when it should be repealed. And the bill is
objectionable to me for the reason that that
provision has been stricken out. But no man
operating either with a great party or a great
legislative assemblage can have all the provis-
ions of a bill to meet his own judgment. But,
though I deplore that change in the bill, I
rejoice in that to which I have been directing
my remarks, and I will support the bill all the
more heartily because it is there.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How much time have 1
left ?
The SPEAKER. Thirteen minutes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blair.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I regret as much
as any gentleman can do that I differ with any
of my political friends on a measure of so great
importance as this bill. The House after very
full consideration united in the passage of a
bill which was satisfactory, at least to this side
of it, having secured, I believe, the votes of the
entire body of the Republican members. I
should have been exceedingly glad if we could
have gone through unitedly in this course with-
out division upon the questions involved.
But, sir, this report which has been con-
curied in by the Senate brings back to us this
bill with an amendment, the principle of which
was rejected by the House by an overwhelming
majority, only some forty-six or forty-seveu
votes altogether having been given fur it. I,
