1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. NYE. I present another concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of tlie State of
Nevada, which is very short, and I should like
to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before it is re-
ported, the Chair will state that the morning
business to-day will run until it is concluded,
as there is no unfinished business and no order
of the day after one o'clock. It will therefore
not be arrested at one o'clock. The resolu-
tions presented by the Senator from Nevada
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Assembly concurrent, resolution relative to instruct-
ing Representatives in Congress to use their influ-
ence to induce the Government to list over the lands
belonging to the Central Pacific railroad in this
State.
ResoJved by the Assembly, (the senate concurring.)
That wo most earnestly and respectfully urge upon
our Senators and Representatives in Congress to use
' such means and employ such efforts as to them shall
seem necessary, in order to secure the listing over by
the proper authorities of the Government all lands
accruing to the Central Pacific Railroad Company
in the State of Nevada, as soon as the plats of the
surveys covering such lands are returned to the office
of the United States Land Commissioner in Wash-
ington.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
IIOUSIS BILLS REFERRED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Jnst after the
call of petitions a message was received from
the House of Representatives, transmitting
certain bills and joint resolutions, which the
Chair will now lay before the Senate for refer-
ence.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties :
The bill (H. R. No. 175) to relieve John J.
Bradford of his political disabilities ; and
The bill (H. R. No. 176) to relieve the
political disabilities of Charles H. McBlair, of
Maryland.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 28) for the
relief of Robert Moir & Co. was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The bill (H- R. No. 174) to repeal the duties
on tea and coffee was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution (H. II. No. 27) to re-
peal the duties upon coal, was read the first
time by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The second read-
ing 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that may not be
referred.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to its second
reading, if it is not to be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
rise in time?
Mr. HAMILTON. I was about rising to
make the suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Maryland says he rose and objected to
the second reading, the Chair will not rule
that he is deprived of his right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator objects to
its second reading to-day. I suppose we can-
not compel it.
Mr. HAMILTON. I hope it may be re-
ferred. I am perfectly willing that it shall be
referred to the Committee on Finance with the
uther bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I see no occasion to refer
L. It is a simple proposition by itself, and I
hope the Senate will keep it by itself and let
us aet. upon it. If the Senator from Maryland
objects to its second reading to-day, 1 can only
say that I shall ask for its second reading
to-morrow and insist npon then considering it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on
the table.
Mr. HPEXCER. I ask the Senator from
Illinois why not apply the .same rule to the
bill taking off the duty on tea and coffee? It
is a subject that the Senate understands very
v/ell.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a more com-
plicated matter. I think it better to consider
these measures separately ; and as we consid-
ered coal partially at the previous session, I
am in favor of acting on that promptly. I hope
the friends of these various measures will insist
upon the bills as they come from the House
of Representatives, and not suffer them to be
loaded down with other propositions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill is not
before the Senate, its second reading having
been objected to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to make a
remark in answer to the Senator from Illinois.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is not
in order.
Mr. BOREMAN. If we are to go into gen-
eral legislation. I want to know it.
The bill (H. R. No. 170) to repeal the duties
upon salt was read the first time by its title.
Mr. VICKERS. I object to the second
reading of that.
Mr. FENTON. Let it be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMILTON. If they all go together,
it is all right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Maryland object to this bill being read
the second time and referred?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND P.EFERRED.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the own-
ers of the bark A 1 be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered. That the memorial of Theodore Adams,
praying an appropriation for the payment of tho
judgment of the Court of Claims rendered bv said
court in his favor on the 18th of March, 1867, he
taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the papers relative to the ease of
tho fourth and fifth Indian regiments be taken from
the files ofthe Senate and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. POOL, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Susan
D. Anderson, representative of Lieutenant Joseph
Wheaton, deceased, be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to tho Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. BROWNLOW, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
Spencer, of Tennessee, betaken from the files ofthe
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That Francis J. Brooks have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Ethan A.
Sawyer, of Tennessee, be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Mr. M.
Temple and others, praying compensation for the
loss of a steamboat, he taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to tho Committee on Appropri-
ations.
REISSUE OF BANK NOTES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 177) to provide for a reissue
of national bank notes, and for other purposes,
to report it back without amendment. This
is the same bill that passed the Senate toward
the close of the last session, and was sent to
the House of Representatives, but was not
reached or considered. It is deemed very
important to have it passed now. If there is
no objection, 1 should like to have it put on
its passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides, in the first section, that as soon as prac-
ticable the Comptroller of the Currency, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
shall cause to be engraved and prepared, in
the Treasury Department, on such paper and
of such form and design as he may prescribe,
circulating notes for national banking associa-
tions, and shall^ issue the same to national
banking associations in place of the worn and
mutilated circulating notes of those associa-
tions, in accordance with the provisions here-
inafter prescribed; and any additional issue
of national bank notes that may be made in
pursuance of law shall be in the new notes,
herein provided for, so soon as the same are
ready for issue. The second section provides
that, under such rules as the. Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, the Treasurer and
Assistant Treasurers of the United States, and
the officers of all national banking associa-
tions, shall forward for redemption to the ori-
ginal bank of issue, or to its redeeming agency,
all worn and mutilated national bank notes,
and that the bank of issue or its redeeming
agency shall forward the same to the Comp-
troller of the Currency, who shall destroy the
same and issue new notes in lieu thereof,
as now provided by law. The third section
directs the officers of every national banking
association to cause the word "counterfeit"
to be plainly written, cut, or stamped across
the face of every counterfeit note which may
be offered to, or may come into the possession
of, the association.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make an
inquiry of my colleague with reference to
this bill. If I have been rightly informed,
national bank notes are now printed by bank-
note printers, not in the Treasury Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. Partially. Partially by
the Treasury Department and partially by the
bank-note companies.
Mr. THURMAN. I had been informed
that that was the case; that only one part
of the plate is engraved by one bank-note
engraver, and another part by another bank-
note engraver, the obvious reason of which is
to prevent a plate being counterfeited—a very
wise provision, indeed. I have understood
that it is the purpose to discontinue that prac-
tice, and to take the printing of bank notes -
into the Treasury Department. If so, it seems
to me unwise; and if this bill contemplates
that, I suggest to my colleague whether some-
thing ought not to be inserted in the bill that
would prevent the printing of these notes alto- *
gether in the Treasury Department. It does '•
seem to me that the practice which has been
mentioned, of one part of a plate being pre-
pared by one hank-note engraver and another
part by another, is a very salutary thing for
the purpose of preventing a fraudulent use of
the plates. I do not think that they ought to
be all printed in the Treasury Department.
I do not know whether this bill affects that
question or not. It was merely to inquire of
my colleague how that is that I rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill is rather limited
in its application, and it is intended to replace
the mutilated notes now in circulation in the
country of national banks, to bring them back
as rapidly as possible for duplication. The
question to which my colleague refers is the
question of printing all our notes, stamps, and
bonds by the Treasury Department. At the
last session of Congress they asked us for an
appropriation of $200,000 to erect a separate
building for that purpose ; but there is nothing
of that kind in this bill. All that this bill
requires is that the new notes issued in place
of mutilated notes of the national banks shall
be printed at the Treasury Department. The
second section provides that all disbursing offi-
cers, depositaries, &c., of the United States
and all national banks shall send the mutilated
notes back as rapidly as possible to the Treas-
ury Department for duplication. The third
scction requites the national banks, when a
counterfeit note is presented, to have it can-
celed and stamped, so that it cannot be used
further.
Undoubtedly the first section of the bill will
require the work to be done at the Treasury
