90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Department; and upon that point I think there
is a universal concurrence of opinion, at least
on the part of the officers of the Government.
Now part of the printing is done at the Treas-
ury and part by the bank-note companies. I
have in my hand a document showing that the
saving to the Treasury by printing the whole
of the notes at the Treasury will be very great.
Trite, the national banks pay all this expense,
and many times more. The Government tax
is one per cent, on the national banks for the
purpose of paying this expense. We save
largely, and only pay about one fifth of that
amount for the printing required to be done
by the national banks. The saving under the
operation by doing the whole work at the
Treasury Department would be a considerable
sum ; but that question is not raised by this bill
to any considerable extent, except as to the
replacement of mutilated notes.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no doubt the
mutilated notes should be replaced by good
notes; but it does seem to me there is some
danger in departing from the usage of requiring
different bank-note engravers to do different
parts of this work. Where there are two bank-
note engraving houses and' one prints one part
and another prints another, it is almost impos-
sible that there can be any counterfeiting or
any fraudulent use of plates. If you put the
printing of the whole in the Treasury Depart-
ment then we know that there may be a wrong-
ful use of the plates. I do not say whether
there ever has been or not in regard to any of
the public securities, although such things have
been said. I know nothing about it; but ob-
vious prudence requires that we guard against
such a thing by a system under which one part
of the note is printed by one bank-note engraver
and another part by another. We ought not,
on account of any little increased expense, to
depart from so wise and prudent a system.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is no objection
to this bill I should like to have it acted on.
If not, let it lie over.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for athird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MONEYS IN COUIIT.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
74) relating to n^oneys paid into the courts of
the United States, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment. This bill passed
the House of Representatives at the close of
the last session, and was reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance favorably, but we could not
reach it then. I am quite suro there will be
no objection to it. It is a bill to guard the
Treasury.
Mr. IIOWIS. Does the Senator want to put
it on its passage now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed so from the Senator's remarks.
Mr. HO WIS. If the Senator will allow me to
introduce a bill, so that I can leave the Sen-
ate, I shall be glad to accommodate him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
180) to amend an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the United States;" which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 181)
to aid in the construction of the Sutro tunnel
from the proceeds of the sale of mineral lands;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. NYE also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtaiijed, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 182) to authorize the President to permit
George Plunkett, late a paymaster of the Navy
of the United States, to withdraw his resigna-
tion of that office ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 183) establishing the right
of way of the Portage Lake and River Im-
provement Company, and providing for and
making a grant of land to aid in the comple-
tion of said improvement; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, also asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 184) granting pensions to
Elizabeth Shelton, Nancy Shelton, Cerena
Metealf, Nancy King, Patsey J. Shelton, Sarah
Metcalf, Cloa Shelton, and Mary Franklin, and
their children under the age of sixteen years ;
which was .read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
185) to provide for the construction of a build-
ing for the use of the custom-house, post office,
United States courts, internal revenue and
other civil offices, in the city of St. Louis, Mis-
souri ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and byuuanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
186) to enable honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors, their widows and orphan children,
to acquire homesteads on the public lands of
the United States ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 187) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof;" which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 183) in relation to settlers on the late
Sioux Indian reservation in the State of Min-
nesota; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 189) to amend ah act entitled "An act to
provide for the better security of life on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28, 1871; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 190) increasing the pension of Joseph
Burnham; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 191) to establish the collection districts
ofByscaine and Tampa, in the State of Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 192) to create an additional land district
in Alabama; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 193) to aid in rebuilding the orphan asy-
lum in the city of Charleston, South Carolina,
under the care of an association known as
"The Sisters of Our Lady of Mercy;" which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SAWYER also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 194) to repeal certain provisos in
the act of Congress approved July 12, 1870,
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1871which was read twice by,its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
195) to indemnify the State of Virginia and
the county of Pittsylvania, Virginia, for losses
incurred by them from the defalcation of Wil-
liam Liahy, sheriff of said county, under ap-
pointment of General E. R. S. Canby ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
196) for the relief of the owners of the bark
A 1; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRATT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 197) for the relief of the widow of D. Jay
Brown, deceased; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 198) for the relief of Warren & Moore;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 199) for the relief of L. Merchant & Co.;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 200) for the relief of William H. Colledge;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 201) for the relief of Phebe Hepburn;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Co'mmittee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMERON, Mr. CORBETT, Mr.
HARLAN, and Mr. MORRILL of Vermont,
submitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (H. R. No. 19) making
appropriations for the payment of additional
clerks and messengers in the Pension Office,
and for other purposes; which were referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the census
which has just been taken has been nearly
tabulated,, or the preliminary portion of it, and
the Superintendent of the Census will be pre-
pared to print the preliminary volume during
the recess of Congress, if we ever have one.
He has requested me to offer a resolution
directing that it be printed, and that the num-
ber of extra copies that were printed of the
last census shall also be ordered. I offer a
resolution ordering the printing of the prelim-
inary report, which can be passed, if there ho
no objection, to-day ; and I will offer a subse-
quent one for the extra numbers, which must
go by law to the Committee on Printing.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution; which
