1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to, as follows:
Jtemlved, That the preliminary report of the
United States census for 1870 be printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now offer the following
resolution for reference to the Committee on
Plintiug; the resolution already passed will
enable the work to be stereotyped:
Heiolvedby the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring.) That there be printed one hundred and
sixty thousand additional copies of the preliminary
report of the United States eensus for 1870, of which
fifty thousand shall be for the use of the Senate, one
hundred thousand shall be for the use of the House
of Repiesontatives, and ten thousand for distribu-
tion under the direction of the Census Bureau.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish the Senator would
tell us what this preliminary report embraces.
Mr. ANTHONY. The preliminary report
embraces the same as the preliminary report
of the last census, all the general result with-
out going into details. It is to differ from the
report of the last census in this respect, that
the preliminary report will not form a separate
volume of itself, but will be the first volume
of the entire census report, so that the results
which are stated in the preliminary report will
not be necessarily repeated in the subsequent
volumes, unless so far as it is necessary to
repeat the details of the general results.
Mr. POMEROY. Ifthisistobeonevolume
of a series, does this commit us to printing as
many copies of the subsequent volumes?
Mr. ANTHONY. By no means. This res-
olution, offered for reference to the Committee
on Printing, provides for printing one hundred
and sixty thousand copies. Of the preliminary
report of the last census one hundred and fifty-
six thousand were printed. When we come
to the subsequent volumes, they will be the
subject of a subsequent resolution. It is not
customary to print as many of the others.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know but that
if this was the first volume of a series people
would think they should have as many of the
ether volumes to make a complete set.
Mr. RAMSEY. How many volumes will
there be of the whole report?
Mr. ANTHONY. Pour volumes.
Mr. RAMSEY. And this is the first?
Mr. ANTHONY. This is the first; but a
portion of this can be printed as an independ-
ent volume, and the number corresponding
with what we print of the complete set can be
numbered as belonging to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution,
under the law, has been referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I introduced a resolution
that was considered at the last session, and I
should like to have the Senate dispose of it,
if it will cause no debate ; it is with regard to
printing the report of the Commissioner of
Education.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Five or six Sen-
ators have risen with morning business, which
has priority.
Mr. ANTHONY. When that resolution is
read, if there be any objection I shall have no
more to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill I reported from
the Committee on Finance is now in order.
If there is a single objection it lies over. I
should like to have it proceeded with in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators have
risen with morning business.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is morning business,
the report of a committee. If there is any
objection to it let it go over, but I think it
will take less time now than at any other time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that by the rule
reports of committees can only be considered
at the time they are reported by unanimous
consent. The Chair called this bill up, but
the Senator from Ohio yielded for morning
business
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I give way.
senator prom georgia.
Mr. HILL. I was not in yesterday when
the various election cases were referred to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections. I ask
that the credentials of Mr. Blodgett, of Georgia,
and the protest in that ease, be referred to that
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the papers
in this case were referred yesterday.
fifteenth amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to ;
liesolved. That the Secretary of State be directed
to inform the Senate what States, if any, have rati-
fied the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States since the issuing of his proclama-
tion of 30th of March, 1870.
moneys paid into coukt.
The VICE PKESIDENT. The Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, h^ye under consid-
eration the bill (S. No. 74) relating to moneys
paid into the courts of the United States, which
was reported by the Senator from Ohio from
the Committee on Finance.
The bill was read. It provides that all
moneys in the registry of any court of the
United States, or in the hands or under the
control of any officer of such court, which
were received in any cause pending or adjudi-
cated in the court, shall, within thirty days
after the passage of the act, be deposited with
the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, or a
designated depositary of the United States, in
the name and to the credit of such court. All
such moneys which are hereafter paid into
court or received by the officers thereof are to
be forthwith deposited in like manner. But
nothing in the act is to be construed to pre-
vent the delivery of any such money upon
security, according to agreement of parties
under the direction of the court. No money
thus deposited is to be withdrawn except by
order of the judge or judges of the courts
respectively, in term or in vacation, to be
signed by such judge or judges and to be
entered and certified of record by the clerk,
and every such order shall state the cause in
or on account of which it is drawn. At each
regular and stated session of the courts of the
United States the clerks thereof shall present
an account to the court of all moneys remain-
ing therein, or subject to the order thereof,
stating in detail in what causes the moneys
are deposited and in what causes payments
have been made, which account and the
vouchers thereof shall be filed in court. If
any clerk or other officer of a court of the
United States shall deposit any money belong-
ing in the registry of the court, in violation
of the act, or shall retain or convert any such
money to his own use or to the use of any other
person, be shall be deemed guilty of embezzle-
ment, and, on conviction, shall be punished
by a fine of not less than $500 and not more
than the amount embezzled, or by imprison-
ment for a term not less than one year nor
more than ten years, or both, at the discretion
of the court. If any person shall knowingly
receive from a clerk or other officer of a court
of the United States any money belonging in
the registry of the court as a deposit, loan, or
otherwise, in violation of the act, he shall be
deemed guilty of embezzlement, and shall be
punished as provided in the preceding section.
The bill also repeals the act entitled "An act
directing the disposition of money paid into the
courts of the United States," approved April
18, 1814, and the act supplementary thereto,
approved March 3, 1817.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
m'donald's constitution and manual.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer a resolution for
reference to the Committee on Printing, unless
the Senate choose to pass it at once.
Jlesolved, That one thousand copies of the Consti-
tution of the United States, with the rules of tho
Senate, Ac., compiled by W. J. McDonald, Chief
Clerk of the Senate, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
Senators all around are asking for this book,
and it is out of print.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have examined that
matter, and the amount, I think, comes within
the limit which the Senate is authorized bv
law to order without the concurrence of the
House of Representatives, and my colleagues
on the committee at the last session—I have
not consulted them at this session—were in
favor of the publication. I make no objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be regarded as reported back
by the Committee on Printing.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a new edition
of the rules before the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would have to be
recompiled by Mr. McDonald, who is an offi-
cer of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate has not adopt-
ed the new rules as recommended by the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. We ought to have the
Constitution and Manual on our tables.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we might adopt
the new rules to-morrow morning, and then
print them as adopted. I do not want to print
a book that we shall not use in the course of
a few months.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If this resolu-
tion should be agreed to its operation might
be suspended till the rules be revised.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before this will be printed,
which will be next summer, the Senate can act
on any modification of the rules.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well; let the order
be entered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this resolution will be regarded as
reported back by the Committee on Printing,
and the question is on agreeing to the resolu-
tion.
The resolution was adopted.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
offered by me yesterday relative to the busi-
ness of this session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. 1 ask the Senator from Rhode
Island to yield until I can make a report.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations have had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 19) making appropriations for the
payment, of additional clerks and messengers
in the Pension Office, and for other purposes,
and report it back with certain amendments.
I ask for its immediate consideration, in order
that the amendments may be engrossed and
the bill returned to the House of Representa-
tives. It is proper that this bill should be
considered before the resolution of the Senator .
from Rhode Island is acted upon.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it does not lead to
debate I shaii not object.
Mr. COLE. It will lead to no debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then let the resolution
be laid aside informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
desires to state that the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Pratt] gave notice yesterday that he
desired to submit some remarks on the subject
of the public lands and a'recent decision of
the Supreme Court at such time to-day as
should suit the convenience of the Senate.
The Senator from California, pending the reso-
lution called up by the Senator from Rhode
Island, reports back with amendments an ap-
propriation bill passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives at the present session. The bill
will be read, subject to objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the amendments
ought to be printed. We all know that the
