1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
797
Mr. DAWES. The position is very differ-
ent now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the House should now
decide by its vote that it is proper to introduce
this into a conference report, I would suggest
that it will be a precedent for conferees here-
after to put into a conference report any sub-
ject not authorized by either House, and the
Speaker will be bound to rule that the House
has decided that this is parliamentary law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
so. As the Chair has already stated, there are
very peculiar and extenuating circumstances
in regard to this amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The point having been
made, if we now vote that tlic couierence
committee was authorized to put new matter
in the report, will not that be a precedent
which will bind the House and the Speaker
The SPEAKER. It will not. The con-
struction which the Chair would put upon the
decision of the House would be that the House
had voted that in their judgment this was a
germane amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will not the
effect at least be this: that hereafter, when-
ever anybody wants anything to be put through,
he will endeavor to get it introduced in such a
delicate situation as this, so as to secure favor-
able action upon it?
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. _ If the House should sus-
tain the point of order, will not that involve
the rejection of the report?
The SPEAKER. It would amount to a
rejection of the report, of course.
The question being put, "Shall the point
of order be sustained?'' there were—ayes 82,
noes 33.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is sus-
tained and the report is not received. The
Chair will say that he is at a loss to know what
message to send to the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I have no motion to make.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the Senate
ije notified that the House has rejected the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. DAWES. That is not the vote of the
[louse.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the proposition
was misunderstood. It was supposed that the
point of order had reference only to this single
item.
The SPEAKER. The items cannot be sep-
arated. The conference report must bo sus-
tained or rejected as a whole.
Mr. RANDALL. I think the House should
put its foot down and say that a conference
committee has not a right to insert original
matter in the bill.
The SPEAKER. The House has said so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
report be recommitted to the conference com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. How can a report which is
not in order be recommitted?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The report is
returned to them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. I under-
stood the Speaker to announce that the report
was rejected. Is it not in order to notify the
Senate that the report has been disagreed to,
and ask another conference ?
. *Mr. DAWES. The report was not rejected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood the Speaker to say that it was so de-
cided.
Mr. DAWES. No, the Speaker did not so
rule.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He so
announced.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague is mistaken, I
think.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I heard
him say so.
Mr. DAWES. I cannot help my colleague's
ears; but he is mistaken. The question the
Chair submitted to the Hc^ise was, Will the
House receive this report ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I rise to a point of
order. There is no question before the House.
The report of the conference committee is in
the hands of the committee.
"The SPEAKER. What puts it in the hands
of the committee?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The House
refused to receive it.
Mr. AVOOD. Is it in order to move a
reconsideration of the vote last taken, for the
purpose of extricating the House from this
difficulty?
The SPE A.KER. Any gentleman can move
a reconsideration of the vote, for there is no
record of the vote.
Mr. WOOD. Then I desire to raako that
motion.
Mr. BANKS. I move that a message be
sent to the Senate notifying the Senate that
the report of the committee of conference has
not been received by the House upon the
ground that matters are contained in the re-
port which were not within the jurisdiction of
the committee.
Mr. DAWES. The report has not reached
the Senate yet.
Mr. BANKS. It should be rejected on that
ground.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The report was not
received by the House on the point of order,
and that leaves it in the hands of the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand it.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the report be
rejected on the ground that it contains mat-
ter which was not properly before the com-
mittee of conference.
The SPEAKER. That has already been
done. The point of order was made by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and
the Chair preferred under the circumstances
to allow the House to decide it. He has
already ruled in the House twice upon the
question whether the amendments were ger-
mane or not. The House by a vote ot 82
to 33 sustained the point of order raised by
the gentleman from Indiana, and that point
of order being sustained by a decisive vote
rejected the report; the House declined to
receive the report.
Mr. BANKS. The Senate ought to be
notified of the fact, and also of the ground
on which the action of the House is based.
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly that should
be jlone. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] moves that the Senate be notified
that this House, on account of the conferees
having incorporated new legislation in the bill,
have declined to receive the report upon the
point of order raised.
Mr. BANKS. And a new committee of
conference be asked.
Mr. DAWES. If the House declined to
receive it, then it seems to me that committee
are at liberty to make anew report.
The SPEAKER. By general consent the
suggestion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] may be agreed to, that, there
having been no proceedings in the Sfaate upon
the report, the conferees shall have another
meeting.
2\Ir. BANKS. After the report has been
made it is not in the power of the House to
order that.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. DAWES. As the House has refused
to receive the report as not being in order, that
leaves the report in the hands of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BANKS. There ought to be a message
sent informing the Senate of the action ot the
House and the cause of that action.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
the only proper way of settling this matter is
to send the report back where I think it now
is, in the hands of the committee. The House
did not receive it. Then, where is it? The
House has not got it. It is somewhere. It
must then have been left in the hands of the
committee. It is there now. We did not
receive it. The committee on the part of the
House have nothing to do now but to call
another meeting of the conferees on the part
of the Senate, and they can fix it up.
Mr. HEREFORD. Would it not b« in
order for tho committee to make another
report, this report having been decided to be
out of order?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee was
not discharged.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the com-
mittee have leave to reconsider their report.
The SPE A KER. The suggestion made by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswoutii,]
if carried out, might relieve the House from its
difficulty, that the point of order having been
sustained by the House, it might be construed
as leaving the report in the h'auds of the con-
ferees.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ho understood
clearly in this matter. 1 thought this an oppor-
tune occasion for us to make a determination
in regard to this improper procedure. I re-
garded no question as more important for the
consideration of this House than that which
forbids the introduction of new legislation in
reports of committees of conference. I do not
want to delay unduly the action of the House
on this bill or to jeopard its passage by reject-
ing all the other portions of this report. But
I am in favor of any way in which we can de-
termine this question by retaining the correct
principle of legislation. Therefore I had sup-
posed that my motion to reconsider the vote ol'
the House just taken would put us back again
where we were before the question of order
was raised. And pending that proposition an
arrangement could be made by whiehthe House
could make the declaration that this should not
be regarded as a precedent in future cases,
should we adopt the report.-
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is a privileged motion.
Mr. COX. Cannot a motion be made to
recommit this bill to the conferees? Is that
motion pending now?
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
one made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks.J
Mr. COX. That is, to send a message to the
Senate that wo rule out the report on a point
of order. Why can we not recommit this
report? -
Mr. WOOD. If my colleague [Mr. Cos]
will permit mo, I will suggest that the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
wom'h] will accomplish what he desires.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. COX. I hope this report will bo recom-
mitted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has already submitted that
motion. The only trouble is that the House
cannot give any instructions to a committee
of conference.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not pro-
pose any instructions, merely to recommit the
report.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit
will be submitted to the House.
The motion to recommit was then agreed to,
public park in washington.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (11. R. No. 433) to provide for
the establishment of a public park within the
city of Washington; which was read a first
and second time, and ordered to be referred
