92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Senator from Indiana yesterday gave notice
of his intention to make some remarks to-day,
and I do not think he ought to be interfered
with.
Mr. COLE. I do not think this bill will take
long. The bill is short, and we have not pro-
posed many amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But notices of a number
of amendments have been given by other Sen-
ators.
Mr. COLE. I think only one such notice
has been given, and I do not know what that
is. The one sent to the committee was to
change an amendment already made. If there
are any other amendments pending I do not
know it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Five amend-
ments have been submitted this' morning and
referred to the Committee an Appropriations.
The Chair does not know their contents, of
course.
Mr. POMEROY. We cannot consider that
bill to-day. That is out of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the consideration of the bill, it will be
printed and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Califor-
nia can give notice of his intention to call it
up to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. I give that notice.
business of tub session.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by Mr. Anthoxy
yesterday:
Besohed, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no general legislation, except such
as relates to the suppression of disorder and the
protection of life and property in the several States.
Mr. STEWART. I move to strike out the
word "general."
Mr. PRATT. I ask the Senator from Rhode
Island to give way in the consideration of this
resolution until I can submit some remarks
to the Senate on the bill to which I referred
yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Indiana
gave notice yesterday of his intention to make
these remarks, and if the resolution before the
Senate can be laid aside informally, so that it
will come up at the conclusion of his remarks,
let that be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As it is a cour-
tesy to the Senator from Indiana, the Chair
supposes there will be no objection to the res-
olution being laid aside informally that the
Senator from Indiana may submit his remarks,
of which he gave notice yesterday.
PROTECTION OF SETTLERS.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I move to take
from the table the bill which I introduced a
week ago to-day, for the protection of settlers
on the public lauds of the United States, not
desiring present action on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as before the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I ask that the bill maybe
, read, with a view to have it incorporated in
my remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 10)
for the protection of settlers on the public
lands of the United States, as follows :
He it enarted by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That when any person entitled to avail him-
self of the benefits of the preemption or homestead
laws has made at anytime heretofore, or shall here-
after make, a bona fide actual settlement on public
lands of the United States, subject to settlement
under any such laws, whether such lands are sur-
veyed or unsurveyed, such settlement shall be
deemed to create a contract between the United
States and the settler, and his claim shall constitute
a vested right of property, oirty to be forfeited by his
neglect or refusal to comply with the conditions pre-
scribed by the law under which he claims: Provided,
That nothing herein shall divest orimpair tho exist-
ing powers of Congress, or of any proper officer or
Department of the United States, to take such lands
before or after patent issued for military reserva-
tions, fortifications, light-houses, or for any other
necessary requirements of Government whatever,
making in all oases due compensation therefor. The
amount of such compensation, whether in money or
its equivalent in lands, shall be made to the settler
by the Secretary of the Interior, or if they cannot
agree, then it shall be ascertained and paid accord-
ing to the laws of the State or Territory where such
lands shall be situated.
Sec. 2. That when any such homestead settler shall
have made settlement upon unsurveyed lands of the
United States, the five years' residence required by
the homestead laws shall date from his actual settle-
ment upon the same;,but no filing fee or money
payment shall be required of any settler until such
survey shall have been made.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the bill I
introduced, it will be seen, is designed to place
the right of settlers upon the public lands
under our homestead and preemption laws
upon a firm footing. It establishes in explicit
language the relation which subsists between
them and the United States. It affirms what
until quite recently was understood among the
people to be the law, that a compliance by the
settler in good faith with the conditions of these
laws entitles him", as matter of right, not only
against other claimants, but against the United
States, to assert his claim to enter the land
upon which he has settled and made improve-
ment. It imparts to such settlement theTorce
of a contract. It vests in the settler a right of
property in the land he claims, only to be for-
feited by his neglect or refusal to comply with
the conditions prescribed. It puts the United
States upon the footing of an ordinary land-
holder dealing with his lands, and subject to
the same rules which prevail between man and
man in the daily business transactions of life.
When a large landed proprietor is disposing
of his lands he offers inducements to people
'to buy. Having the complete dominion over
his property, he prescribes his own terms.
These will be as various as men's minds. He
may give it away, or exchange it for personal
service, for money, settlement, or any other
consideration. He may do just what he pleases
with it, and there is no superior to call him to
account. He may sell for cash down or on a
long credit, or he may proclaim to the public
that every man who will build upon his land
and expend labor and money in improving and
cultivating it shall have a title to so much as
he shall occupy and improve. Does any one
doubt that he would be held bound in every
court where law is administered to a strict
liability when his terms had been accepted and
acted upon in good faith ?
Suppose, for example, that the proprietor of
a town plat laid out in a new country where
land was cheap should proclaim to the world
that he would give the alternate or odd-num-
bered lots to such persons as would establish
their homes or workshops upon them in good
faith with a view of becoming citizens of the
town, reserving the remaining lots for sale.
The public would discover in the proposition
nothing unreasonable, nothing to impeach the
wisdom of the scheme. On the contrary, sen-
sible people would reason that this man in
giving away one half of his lots to actual set-
tlers would find a sure market for the remain-
der. But what should be thought, sir, of that
proprietor, if, after he had encouraged honest
men to accept his proposals and act upon them,
if after they had erected dwellings upon the
promised lots he should repudiate the whole
thing, and sell or attempt to sell the humble
homes of those who had put faith in his
promise?
It cannot and will not be denied that in the
case I have put the proprietor of the town site
would be held to his bargain, would be com-
pelled to make good his promises, and that the
courts would not stop short of compelling him
to make good deeds to all who had embraced
and complied with his proposals.
The United States is a great landed propri-
etor. No Government of which we have knowl-
edge possesses such an extent of public domain,
if Russia's, perhaps, be excepted. Congress is
a trustee, charged with the disposition of these
lands. It is not limited to a technical sale,
but authorized by the Constitution to dispose
of and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting them. There is no rule to limit or
control its discretion. As a trustee Congress
obeys the voice of its beneficiaries, the people
of the United States, and hence its policy has
not always been uniform.
It is a curious and instructive chapter, Mr.
President, to trace from the beginning the
policy of Congress in the management of this
magnificent trust, a trust which has embraced
more than eighteen hundred million acres of
land, and which still controls within a fraction
of fourteen hundred million acres^now in the
possession of the Government. The student
of our land system will be struck with the com-
plete revolution wHich public opinion has un-
dergone, as manifested in the legislation of
Congress.
Before the present century the policy was to
sell in large bodies, in quarter townships at
a single sale, at two dollars per acre, one half
of the price on a credit of one year. In the
year 1800 authority was given to sell in sections
and half sections, and upon more liberal terms
of payment, since, if one fourth of the purchase-
money was paid within twenty days, a credit
was allowed for the residue ranging over four
years in equal annual payments. The price
still continued to be two dollars per acre.
In 1807 Congress turned its attention to
those who had intruded upon the public lands,
made surveys and settlements. These were
denominated "offenders." They were treated
as trespassers. But those in possession at the
time of the passage of the act were graciously
allowed to remain as tenants at will, expressly
upon the conditions they committed no waste
or damage, that they renounced all claims
upon the Government for land or improve-
ments, and that they would quit on demand,
whenever required, and give peaceable pos-
session to such as should purchase the land.
Not only this, but they must sue for and obtain
a license to remain, subscribing to all these
conditions. The President could employ the
marshal, and, if need be, call out the military
forces to expel all persons taking possession
after the law went into force, and likewise
such as, being in possession, failed to obtain
a license to remain. Moreover, such as en-
tered upon the public lands in violation of
this law or failed to obtain the license were
subjected to a penalty of $100.
In 1812 the General Land Office was estab-
lished as a bureau of the Treasury Department.
Its special purpose was to take charge of, sur-
vey, and sell the public lands, and carry into
execution the laws respecting them.
Then followed the important act of April
24, 1820, which established three important
principles: that in the future the public lands
should be offered at public sale in half quarter
sections; that they should be sold for cash ; and
lastly, that the price should be reduced to
$1 25 per acre. And thus was inaugurated
the new era of cheap lands, subject to pur-
chase in such small subdivisions as to be
within the reach of the poor. Under the old
land system near twenty million dollars of
unpaid purchase money and interest had accu-
mulated. There was constant application to
Congress for further extension of credits and
remissions of forfeitures.
The 29th of May, 1830, will ever stand as
a notable day in the annals of our public land
system, as the beginning of our preemption
policy. Then was enacted the first general
law granting preemption rights to settlers
upon the public lands. This first law was lim-
ited in its operation to one year, and was not
prospective. There was nothing in it of prom-
ise for the future, simply grace for the past.
The subsequent acts of Congress of July 14,
1832, March 2, 1833, June 19, 1834, June 22,
1888, and June 1, 1840, extended preemption
privileges to a later date and to a larger class
of persons. These laws, too, were mostly retro-
spective in operation.
At last followed the important act of Sep-
