798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19t
to tie Committee for the District of Columbia
when appointed.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference on
the bill (H. R. No. 320) to enforce the pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment, and for
otberpurpoi.es.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] is entitled to the floor
for one hour to close debate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not propose
myself to occupy any portion of that hour. I
will yield the first ten minutes of the hour to
my colleague, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the attention of gen-
tlemen of the House, especially those on the
Republican side of it, to the statement which
I make of some facts touching this bill. I
desire, in the first place, to say that every part
and parcel of the bill as reported frogi the com-
mittee of conference meets my entire approval,
except the section known as the Sherman
amendment, or the seventh section of the bill
as reported by the conference committee. I
am the freer to make that remark for the rea-
son that, with the exception of that seventh
section as reported, the bill is substantially the
bill that received the vote of every Republican
member of this House.
They voted also upon the seventh section
now reported by the conference committee not
without due consideration. The principle in-
volved in that section was printed and before
this House for a month before we received this
measure from the Senate. The learned special
committee of the House ignored it, and would
have nothing to do with it, for manifest and
good reasons to them appearing. They re-
ported a bill without that section; the House
never entertained it, but proceeded to pass the
bill as it is now substantially, without that sec-
tion, by the vote of every Republican in the
House. I stand for the bill to day as it passed
the House originally. I stand for it with the
exception of the Sherman amendment, as it is
called, in the form in which it is reported; for
it is substantially in law and in fact the very
bill which received the vote of every Repub-
lican member of the House, my own included.
Something was due to the judgment of the
House, under the circumstances, on the part
of the Senate. But in utter disregard of the
recorded judgment of the House, with full
knowledge of the fact that the very proposi-
tion they tender us had been presented to the
consideration of the House for months, but
had not been considered even by our commit-
tee, much less reported by it, and had not been
accepted by the House, but the bill passed
without it, the Senate ought to have consid-
ered before they undertook to throw that amend-
ment in upon us by a vote of some thirty or
thirty two votes in the Senate against the votes
of some one hundred and forty or more in the
House who supported this bill without that
amendment. A decent respect to the judgment
of this House required some consideration.
But this provision was sent to us attached to
our bill; and what took place? The House
rejected it substantially as it comes back to us
to day; there being, on a division—118 votes
against it, and only 25 in its favor. The yeas
and nays were then culled ; and 132 votes (at
leastseventy of them cast by Republicans) were
recorded against this section, and only 30 votes
in its favor. The bill went back to the Senate,
who insisted upon theamendment. I nowask
the House to reject this report for reasons
which must be obvious to the mind of the
House; and I hope that the vote of every
Republican will be cast against it. It is use-
less and worse than useless to vote down this
important measure with any doubtful voice.
Let the House record its vote emphatically
for the rights of all the people of every State
and all the States in the Union.
Gentlemen talk about finding precedents in
the legislation of the States. With all respect,
I deny it. My learned and accomplished col-
league [Mr. Shellabarger] has referred tBis
morning to the decision pronounced in the
State of New York by Judge Denio, than
whom none of the recent judges of that State
was superior in all the attainments of a jurist;
but that decision, instead of supporting any
such legislation as this, in its very text and
philosophy condemns it. Let gentlemen read
that decision. It is on a case against the city
of New York, a local corporation of the State,
and involves the exercise of the supreme au-
thority reserved to the States themselves by
the express letter of the Constitution of the
United States. There will be found under-
lying this decision the declaration that the only
power to charge a municipality of a State for
the destruction of property by a mob arises
from the laws of the State; that it rests on
the positive statute of the State.
In the ease of Darlington vs. The Mayor, &c.,
of New York, (vol. 31, page 187,) referred to
by my colleague, [Mr. Shellabarger,] Judge
Denio said:
" The act [of the Legislature of the State] pro-
poses to subject the people of the several local divis-
ions of the State, consisting of counties and cities,
to the payment of damages to property in consequence
of any riot or mob within the county or city."
Where, sir, is the law of the State to make
a whole county responsible for the killing of
a man by three persons engaged in a riot
tumultuously assembled ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have only a few min-
utes ; otherwise I would yield with pleasure.
The provision of this section is:
That if any house, tenement, cabin, shop, build-
ing, barn, or granary shall be unlawfully or felon-
iously demolished, pulled down, burned, or de-
stroyed, wholly or in part, by any persons riotously
and tumultuously assembled together; orif any per-
son shall unlawfully and with force and violence be
whipped, scourged, wounded, or killed by any per-
sons riotously and tumultuously assembled together,
with intent to deprive any person of any right con-
ferred uj)on him by the Constitution and laws of the
United States, or to deter him or punish him for
exercising such right, or by reason of his race, color,
or previous condition of servitude, in every such
case the county, city, or parish in which any of the
said offenses shall be committed shall be liable to
pay full compensation to the person or persons dam-
nified by such offense, if living, or to his widow or
legal representatives if dead.!
I want to know where is the authority for
making a State corporation, an integral part
of the .State, a county, responsible in a court
of the United States for damages without limit
for the destruction of the life of a citizen by
riot? That is my question.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] referred to what is known as the
force bill, passed under the administration
of President Jackson. With all respect I sub-
mit to the House and to the country that legis-
lation does not touch the question involved
here all. The provision in that case was
simply as to the mode of collecting the reve-
nues of the United States and enforcing the
laws for that purpose against all persons and
the process of States. The decision to which
I "have referred, and the same cited by my
colleague, [Mr. Shellabarger,] condemns in
toto such legislation as is proposed in the
Senate amendment, and shows that a county,
being the creature of the State and an integral
part of it, can iti no case be made responsible
for mob violence save by force of the positive
law of the State creating it.
Mr. Speaker, how can States exist, liow can
you enforce the provisions of the Constitution
of the United States as to States, if you will
not maintain the corporate organizations of
the several counties of States? There can no
more be a State under the Constitution and
laws of the several States of this Union with-
out the corporate organization of counties or
parishes therein than there can be a United
States under the Constitution of the United
States without organized States; because the
counties in the several States are integral parta
of the States, just as the States of the Union
are integral parts of the nation. If you destroy
either you destroy the whole fabric.
So it comes to bewritten in the Constitution
that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government and
shall protect each of them against invasion" * •
* * " and domestic violence."
Instead of protecting the States against
domestic violence, instead of guarantying to
them a republican form of government, we
have introduced here for the first time in the
history of the nation a proposition to make it
impossible to maintain a republican form of
government in any State of the Union if it
happens to be the pleasure of a mob, by a riot
of three or more persons, to take life and bum
property in the several counties of the several
States. Why, sir? Because it is provided in
this Senate amendment that a judgment may
be obtained against a county for an act of riot-
ers to the extent of the damages the jury in a
United States court may assess against the
rioters themselves. Everybody knows an hon-
est jury in such a case, when the rioters are
impleaded with the county and an innocent
person is slain in the street, will find, and no
man can find fault with them, damages per-
haps to the extent of fifty or one hundred
thousand dollars. The county is to be held
liable with the rioters, and all money in its
treasury and all its property charged with the
payment thereof. Such a proceeding would
deprive the county of the means of adminis-
tering justice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now yield to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farksworth.1
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I can-
not give my assent to the report of the con-
ference committee. I dislike what they have
done, especially in two respects. Why, sir, the
law which we repealed, and which requires
jurors to take an oath substantially like the
test-oath, would prevent any man sitting on a
jury, no matter how well qualified he may be
m other respects, and no matter how well qual-
ified his heart may be also, to do justice. The
man may be relieved of disabilities, in pursu-
ance of the fourteenth amendment to the Con-
stitution by Congress, yet he cannot take that
oath as a juror. He may be ever so good a
friend of the colored man who brings suit, but
if he cannot take that oath he cannot sit on
the jury. It seems to me to be wiser to leave
it to the courts in the impanneling of the jury
to determine whether the juror is liable to chal-
lenge for cause, or to the parties to challenge
peremptorily. The courts will see to it that
the rights of all parties are taken care of.
I do not think, either, that the seventh, or
Sherman section, has been improved by the
conference committee.
I anticipated some such work as this when
I insisted on having the yeas and nays on that
section, when we voted upon it and rejected it
in this House. I expected there would be some
sort of modification, and it would be sent back
to us, and therefore I desired that the members
of the House should be on the record, "a^'^
and "no," that the Senate and the country'
might see it.
What have we now presented to us for our
action? We have a section which authorizes
suits to be brought against counties and cities
in every case of destruction of property or in-
jury of the person by two or more persons in
a riotous or tumultuous manner, when it is
done in derogation of the exercise of some con-
stitutional right of the person, or done on ac-
count of color, or race, or previous condition
of servitude : such, for instance, Mr. Speaker,
