94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
in preference to others." * * * * His
settlement forbids him from intrusion or purchase
by others, but confers no right against the Govern-
ment."
Mr. Speed is quoted as using still stronger
language. He says:
"It is not to be doubted that the settlement on
the publio lands of the United States, no matter how
long continued, confers no right against the Govern-
• ment."
Further on, he says:
" The land continues subject to the absolute dis-
posing power of Congress until the settler has made
the required proof of settlement and improvement,
and has paid the requisite purchase-money."
Thus the law officers of the Government and
the Supreme Court of the United States concur
in opinion that our preemption laws are with-
out avail as against the United States until the
last step is taken in the series of acts and the
Government has actually received the purchase-
money and issued a certificate of purchase.
Indeed, the whole doctrine is summed up in
the syllabus of the case I have so freely quoted
from. It reads tl^s:
"1. Occupation and improvement on the public
lands with a view to preemption do not confer a
vested right in the land so occupied.
"2. It does confer a preference over others in the
purchase of such land by the bona fide settler, which
will enable him to protect his possession against
other individuals, and which the land officers are
bound to respect.
"3. This inchoate right may be protected by the
courts against the claims of other persons who have
not an equal or superior right, but it is not valid
against the United States.
" 4. The power of Congress over the public lands,
as conferred by the Constitution, can only be
restrained by the courts in cases where the land has
ceased to be Government property by reason of a
right vested in some person or corporation.
5. Such a vested right under the preemption laws
is only obtained when the purchase-money has been
paid and the receipt of the proper land officer given
to the purchaser.
"6. Until this is done it is within the legal and
constitutional competency of Congress to withdraw
the land from entry or sale, though this may defeat
the imperfect rights of the settler."
Mr. President, there is no misunderstanding
the scope and effect of this decision. It is
binding upon all inferior Federal, and all State
courts, upon the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and all the district land officers.
A decision from any lesser tribunal would
scarcely have satisfied the publio raind that
the rights of the settler upon the public do-
main were of such frail and imperfect char-
acter. I go further, sir, in saying that with
all the habitual respect which the people pay
the decisions of that august tribunal, none was
ever made, if, perhaps, 1 except the Dred Scott
ease, which so challenged their patience, and
led them to inquire, " Can this be the law? Is
this justice?" That decision, sir, has unsettled
the opinions of near half a century, or rather
overthrown them. It has destroyed the rights
of thousands of settlers upon the public lands,
and left them and their property the prey of
monopolists and speculators. It has trans-
ferred all the values they have created in a
new country to the greedy and unsparing
beneficiary of ill-judged legislation, or made
them the victims of heartless extortion.
Who, sir, reading our preemption laws could
have imagined that such reserved power of
mischief resided in Congress, or, residingthere,
would ever be exercised ? Certainly, sir, Con-
gress hasnever knowingly legislated or intended
to legislate in bad faith toward the settler.
The whole course of its legislation for forty
years forbids such a belief. Could it for a
moment be supposed that the Congress which
enacted the preemption law of 1841, whose
whole scope was to encourage immigration into
the new States and Territories, the subduing
of the forests, the extension of civilization, the
development of their great natural resources,
the augmentation of the national wealth, the
multiplication of independent freeholders, ever
designed to leave the preemptor, the child of
its fostering care, the sport of legislation?
The bill under consideration is the interpret-
ation put bv Congress upon these acts. It
is a solemn "declaration what its purpose was
when it placed those preemption laws upon
the statute-book. It is its protest against bad
faith to the settler, such bad faith as the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court imputes to it. It is
due to the honor of Congress, and to the great
and good men who have occupied these places
before us, that we put it deliberately upon the
record now, and in the form of this bill, that
bad faith to the settler was never iutended.
This very decision, sir, upon which I have
commented, if allowed to stand uncorrected,
does involve the Government in a flagrant
breach of good faith. Besides this, bad enough
in itself, the law as interpreted operates as a
snare and delusion for the future to all such
as shall read the law but not the decision. We
owe it to the people to correct these mischiev-
ous consequences and to guard against their
recurrence.
Lest it shall be thought that I have been too
ready to criticise the decision I have referred
to, let me briefly analyze the law itself; and I
will begin with that which the court decided
upon—the act of September 4, 1841. Passing
by the definition of the persons or rather classes
entitled to preempt public lands, I cofte at
once to the conditions.
He who would preempt a quarter section or
smaller subdivision of the public lands must
first make a settlement upon it in person; he
must inhabit and improve it; he must erect a
dwelling-house. Having done these things,
and the Indian title having been extinguished,
the law declared he was authorized to enter
with the register of the land office in the dis-
trict in which the land lay, by legal subdivis-
ions, any number of acres not exceeding one
hundred and sixty, to include his residence,
upon paying the minimum price. There were
certain limitations and exceptions which it is
not necessary to notice in the point I am mak-
ing. Prior to the entry being made, the pre-
emptor must make proof of the settlement
and improvement to the satisfaction of the
land officers. He must also make oath that
he had never had the benefit of preemption
under the law; that he was not the owner of
three hundred and twenty acres of land in any
State or Territory; and that he had not made
his settlement and improvement with a view
to speculation, but in good faith to appropriate
it to his own exclusive use orBfnefit; and that
he had not, directly or indirectly, made any
agreement by which the title he might acquire
from the United States should inure to the
benefit of any person but himself. This proof
and payment were required to be made before
the day appointed by the President for the
commencement of the land sales.
Where the land upon which settlement was
made was subject to private entry at the time
the course to be pursued varied somewhat. In
such case the applicant was, within a fixed
period after his settlement, to file his declara-
tory statement describing thelaird settled upon,
and declaring his intention to claim the same
under the preemption law; and within twelve
months from the date of the settlement he was
required to make the affidavit, proof, and pay-
ment of which I have spoken. Failure to do
this subjected the land to entry by others.
There was this clause in the law:
"And all assignments and transfers of the right
hereby secured, prior to the issuing of the patent,
shall be null and void."
Now, Mr. President, I pause right here to
consider for a moment the interpretation which
ninety-nine men out of a hundred would have
given this law.
First, it was evident that Congress was de-
sirous of encouraging the settlement of the
public lands; next, that it was desirous the
lands should not fall into the hands of those
who had enough already; and in the next place,
that they should be settled in small farms, so
as to extend the blessing of cheap land to the
largest number; and in the last place, that
the settlers should be protected from all intru-
sion and allowed a reasonable time to earn or
gather together the sum necessary to buy the
land. You will notice, sir, what pains were
taken by Congress to prevent the lands falling
into the hands of the speculator and of him
who had sufficient for his -wants already. It
was intended to be a poor man's law ; to be-
friend him. Certainly if anything was plain
in the statute it was this, that when the settler
had complied with these conditions in good
faith he should be entitled as matter of right
to a patent for his land upon making payment.
And I do not think I strain a point when I say
it was equally plain that while the settler was
in due course of perfecting his claim neither
Congress nor any executive officer could, by
withdrawing the land from sale, or by convey-
ing or promising it to others, whether individu-
als or corporations, defeat the settler's claim.
Was there not, sir, an implied covenant, to
speak the language of lawyers, that the Gov-
ernment should do nothing to defeat or hinder
the settler who in good faith embraced the
proposals of this law ?
To make this point more clear, if possible,
suppose it had been written down in this pre-
emption law, in plain terms, that Congress re-
served the power of selling the land to others,
or withdrawing it altogether from sale, not-
withstanding all the settler should do in the
way of cultivating and improving his quarter
section, and this, too, without compensating
him for his improvements; or suppose the
power had been reserved of repealing the law
at pleasure without reimbursing those whose
values would be swept away by the repeal,
does any one suppose such a law would have
promoted the settlement of our public domain ?
No, sir; no prudent man would have invested
his means and encountered the hardships and
privations of an unsettled country upon any
such treacherous inducements. No sane man
will affirm it. And yet this is the precise con-
dition of that law and all other preemption
laws as the Supreme Court reads and interprets
them. For has it not sanctioned and adopted
this language of Mr. Bates:
"A mere entry upon land with continued occu-
pancy and improvement thereof gives no vested
interest in it?"
And in speaking of the right of preemption,
has it not characterized it as a mere privilege,
a bounty, and affirmed this language:
" But this is only a privilege conferred on the set-
tler to purchase land in preference to others, but
confers no right against the Government?"
And has it not affirmed this further language
of Attorney General Speed, used in this very
case:
"It is not to be doubted that settlement on the
public lands of the United States, no matter how
long continued, confers no right against the Gov-
ernment?"
"Not to be doubted," indeed 1 I douht it, sir.
The men who framed that statute doubted it.
Every settler upon the public lands who put
faith in that preemption law doubted it. Think
you, sir, if this commentary upon the law had
been written at its foot, so that all men could
read it, that the hardy pioneers would have
embarked all their hopes upon such slender
protection ? Think you they would have taken
their families and household goods into the
wilderness, sundered all the ties of home in
the hope of bettering their fortunes, spent their
money, toiled with their wives and children in
putting up the cabin, in clearing and inclosing
the land, putting seed into its virgin soil, plan-
ning with fond hopes homes of competence
and independence, had they understood that
all this preparation, this labor, and expendi-
ture of money in founding homes in the'wilder-
ness conferred upon them no rights as against
the Government? No, sir; the thing 13 ab-
surd. The preemption laws have been con-
strued in a manner to make them a cheat and
a_fraud, and every consideration of duty, jus-
tice, and policy requires Congress at the ear-
liest moment to repudiate the construction and
