1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
to redress the mischievous consequences which
have followed it.
Pardon me, sir, for reading one further sen-
tence from this decision to show that I have
not overstated the pitiable condition to which
the settlers have been reduced. The court says:
"The argument is urged with much zeal, that be-
cause complain antdid all thatwas in the power ofany
one to do toward perfecting his claim, he should not
be held responsible for what could not be done. To
this we reply, as we did in the case of Rector vs.
Ashly, that the rights of a claimant are to be meas-
ured by the acts of Congress, and not by what he
may or may not be able to do ; and if a sound con-
struction of these acts show that he had acquired no
vested interest in the land, then, as his rights are
created by the statutes, they must be governed by
the provisions whether they be hard or lenient."
And again the court says, still speaking of
Whitney's rights:
" It was Congress, the law-making power, which
intervened, and by a new law withdrew the land
from the operation of the preemption laws, while
the right of preference in purchase remained unex-
ercised, and amounted to no more than this prefer-
ence."
Had this doctrine been confined in its oper-
ation to the settlers upon the Soscol ranche
there would not have been so much cause of
complaint, for there were undoubtedly strong
equities on the part of those who had pur-
chased from Yallejo. We cannot wonder that
Congress sought to protect them. But here
the general power is asserted by Congress
to ignore at pleasure the inchoate rights of
the settler. By this doctrine Congress may
withdraw the land from the operation of the
preemption laws at any time before the settler
has paid his money to the receiver ; nay, after
that, before he has received his certificate of
entry, the written pledge of a patent. Con-
gress may do this, too, although thousands
of dollars worth of improvements have been
made, though mills have been built, churches
erected, roads opened. There is nothing in all
this, says the court, to bind the Government.
All this goes for nothing unless it be supple-
mented by the written certificate of the land
officer that payment has been made in full.
I trust, Mr. President, I have made evident
the necessity of the bill I have introduced,which
simply asserts that the settler has acquired, by
his compliance with the law, a rigbt, a vested
right, to hold his land.
I am informed that under this decision there
are several thousand settlers in California
whose lands will be taken from them under
the swampland act, men who have been living
upon the land as settlers from twelve to six-
teen years. How many there are in the new
States and Territories whose claims are jeop-
ardized, nay, struck down by this decision, it
is impossible to tell.
There has been laid on our desks a docu-
ment entitled "Land Titles in California:
Memorial of Settlers in Sierra Valley, Cali-
fornia. I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the language of this memorial:
"The following affidavits of the settlers in Sierra
valley, California, whose farms are claimed under the
swamp-land law as swamp and overflowed lands, are
submitted to Congress to show the necessity ot some
ainendmentto the mode of segregating swamp lands
so as to afford needed protection to settlers. But one
case out of many—one valley out of many similarly
situated—is referred to in these affidavits. Under
pretense of swamp and overflowed lands the best
agricultural lands in the State are being seized, to
the rum of thousands of industrious preemptioilers
and homestead settlers. Thesett.lers are summoned
to appear at the office of the United States surveyor
general, hundreds of miles from their homes, with
witnesses, to show that the lands that thoy havecnl-
tivated for years are not unlit for cultivation, lhe
penalty of not making the showing is the loss of
their homes. The notice is not persona], but by
publication, and is seldom seen by those most inter-
ested. Often tho time is fixed in midwinter, when
travel is impossible. Thus hundreds of settlers lose
their homes for want of notice, from inability to bear
the great expense, <&c. Sierra valley is about six
thousand feet above the level of the sea, near the
summit of the Sierra Nevada mountains. It is
dotted all over with the homes of industrious agri-
culturists."
I have spoken of the change of opinion that
has taken place as to the manner in which the
public lands should be disposed of. That
change is strikingly'illustrated in the home-
stead act, by which lands are virtually given
to those who will occupy them. Starting out
with the idea that revenue was the main thing
to be looked to in their disposal, Congress in
the course of time has come to look upon their
early settlement and cultivation as the prime
object. Discarding the pittance they yield at
$1 25 per acre as a revenue measure, and rising
to broader views, Congress looks now alone to
the returns these lands shall yield in the hands
of industrious settlers; returns in an independ-
ent class of small freeholders, the pride and
glory of a country as well as its strength; re-
turns in the enlarged number of consumers of
dutiable goods; returns in the immigration
from foreign countries which those lands invite;
returns in the wealth created, in the extension
of civilization, in the enlarged domain of law
and order and thrift, where now are savage
wilds; returns in the utilization of our forests,
our streams, and soil; in the opening up of
highways of travel and commerce in regions
now silent and unproductive, their natural
wealth all undeveloped.
It cannot be doubted, sir, that the settlement
of our new States and of the Territories has
been immensely accelerated by our wise sys-
tem of preemption and homestead laws. They
mark the changes which have taken place in
public opinion as to the true policy of Congress
in the discharge of its great trust. Slowly, and
after the lapse of many years of experience, it
came finally to be accepted as a truth that the
Government and the country received a full
equivalent for our wild lands in their settle-
ment by the adventurous pioneer. It is now
accepted by all men that Government best
subserves the public interest in placing these
lands in small bodies at a mere nominal cost
in the hands of such as will develop their
wealth, and, in securing private independence,
add to the general prosperity. As unproduc-
tive wastes, of what account were they or are
they to the country? What possible use could
they subserve? Capable of supporting millions
in comfort, they yielded a precarious subsist-
ence to a few tribes of roving Indians. With
boundless resources of undeveloped wealth,
they yielded no revenue to the Government.
Made for occupation and use, they were ten-
antless and unfruitful. Their streams turned
no water-wheels and bore no commerce upon
their bosoms. Forest and stream, mine and
fertile soil, were lost to use. Why, asked the
inquirer, should the immense and illimitable
capacities of this great public domain to sub-
serve the uses of man be kept back by a nar-
row policy; a policy which allowed capital to
monopolize these lands in large bodies; a
policy which looked exclusively to the amount
of money which could be realized from their
sale?
We can but smile at the notion which pre-
vailed in early times, that the sales of the
public lands could be relied on for supply-
ing in a large measure the Treasury with its
needed revenues. Beginning with the year
1790, the whole amount realized from the sale
of the public lands down to the close of the last
fiscal year was but $189,324,845 40. During
that same fiscal year we collected from cus-
toms duties alone $5,000,000 more than the
public lands have yielded since the formation
of our national Government. During that same
year, and after the reduction of items of tax-
ation which has been going on since 180C, the
internal revenue taxes lacked less than five
millions of the aggregate of the public land
sales during the last seventy-four years. The
present relative capabilities of these sources
of income are thus stated for the last fiscal
year:
Receipts from customs $194,53$,374 41
Receipts from internal revenue  181,899,756 -19
Receipts from the public lands  3,350,4S1 76
The entire receipts of that fiscal year from
all sources were $411,255,477 03, and what
was derived from the public lands was less than
the hundredth part of this sum. Indeed, the
collections from this source from the beginning
do not equal the one half, of the collection of
taxes from other sources in a single year. So
much for the foresight and expectations of the
earlier statesmen of the country.
But it is quite true that the change in the
policy of dealing with these lands has had
something to do with the returns they make
into the Treasury. Great grants have been
made to States for educational and internal
improvement purposes. Subsidies of many
millions of acres have been given to corpora-
tions to aid them in the construction of roads
of national importance, and to this extent the
flow into the national Treasury has been arrest-
ed. From time to time Congress has rewarded
the soldiers of the country in its different wars
with bounties in lands. Hp to this date the
number of bounty-land warrants issued is
546,242, calling for 60,259,010 acres of land.
The land concessions made to the five north-
western States, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michi-
gan, and Wisconsin, for canal purposes, amount
to 4,405,986 acres.
The grants to States and corporations for
railroad and military wagon-road purposes from
the year 1850 to the present time amount to
195,106,791.67 acres.
I say the grants amount to this quantity as
figured up on the statute-book. This is the
amount inuring under the different grants for
these objectsduringthelast twentyyears, when
the States and corporations entitle themselves
to them by performance of the conditions im-
posed, by building the public works and thor-
oughfares in aid of which they were promised.
But it will be gratifying to those who imagine
that the whole public domain is rapidly being-
absorbed by corporations'to know that, of this
enormous quantity promised, less than twenty-
four million acres have been certified and pat-
ented under these grants.
The quantity of lands selected for the sev-
eral States, under the swamp land grants, so
called, amounts to sixty million acres, while
the amount actually approved to them to this
date is a little short of fifty million acres. The
agricultural selections within certain States
and the scrip locations under the agricultural
and mechanic act of July 2, 1863, and the
supplements of 1864 and 1866, will absorb
several millions more, but I have not got the
figures. Lastly came the homestead act of
1862, under which, during the last fiscal year,
more than three and a half million acres
were entered at a profit to the Government of
$300,000. It appears from the last report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
that the grand total area of our public domain
from the organization of the Government—I
mean of our public lands subject to disposal
by Congress—is 1,834,998,400 acres.
Of this amount there had been disposed of
under the land laws, up to June 30,1870,447,-
266,190.16 acres, leaving still in the posses-
sion of the Government 1,387,732,209.84 acres.
These are the official figures. Less than one
fourth of the whole has been disposed of up
to the present time. And when I speak of the
quantity already disposed of, I include the two
hundred millions granted by various acts of
Congress as subsidies to aid in the construction
of railroads and wagon-roads, only one eighth
part of which has up to this time been patented.
If I add the 174,735,524.07 acres granted upon
the statute-book, but not conveyed, and which
will not be conveyed until the pub1.''1 improve-
ments are constructed, in aid of which the
grants were made, to the great residuary mass
of lands subject yet to disposal, it will be seen
the United States possess still the title to 1,562,-
467,734.51 acres. Of the vastness of this ter-
ritorial domain, and its capacities to sustain
population, we may form some idea by a com-
parison. The area of the State of Indiana
comprises 21,637,760 acres. Her population
is about one million and two thirds. Now,
the public domain is large enough to carve out
of it seventy-four States of the size of Indi-
