802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
in our hands in reference to that, and the
gentleman from Nebraska, was heard at least
by myself. Although by the former commit-
tees of conference the provision was struck
out, yetthiscommittee, upon submission of the
documents by the late Senator from Nebraska
were unanimous in agreeing to permit the pro-
vision to remain in the bill. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee of
conference was adopted.
Mr. DA.WES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post routes in iowa.
Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 434) to establish
certain-post routes in the State of Iowa; which
was read a first and second time.
Air. DONNAN. I ask that this bill may
be put upon its passage at once.
The bill, which was read, establishes the fol-
lowing post routes: from Franklin, in Win-
neshiek county, to Washington, in the same
county; also, from Waukon, in Allamakee
coutity, Iowa, via Reeds, Dorchester, and
Wilmington, to Caledonia, Minnesota.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DOXNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biil was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tellkr of sergeant-at-arms.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, euusidered, and agreed to:
That the paying-teller in the office of
the Sergeant-nt-Arms, authorized by the last Con-
gress, be continued during the present Congress.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. PEliCE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for immediate passage a hill to
relieve certain citizens therein named of their
political disabilities.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object.
Mr. K1LLINGER, Now, let us adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no. I hope we shall
take a recess till half past seven o'clock this
evening.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
ssi me:
An act (H. R. No. 425) to authorize the
Secretary of War to give Wisewell barracks
to the Beulah Baptist church; and
An act (H. R. No. 426) for convening the
next Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
New Mexico, and for other purposes.
pay of house messengers.
Mr. KliRR. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution, to which I think
there will be no objection :
Resolved, That the messengers and acting messen-
ger under the Doorkeeper of the House shall bG
entitled to and shall receive pay for the full month
ending April 30, 1871.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
mileage of p. e. shobelt.
Mr. DAWES. I ask consent to offer a res-
olution, which I desire to preface with a brief
explanation. The gentleman from North Car-
olina, Mr. Shober, came here at the beginning
of the last Congress, but his right to the seat
was not settled until after the short session
had passed. According to the strict letter of
the law he has on that account received no
mileage for that session, and cannot receive
any unless this resolution be adopted. He actu-
ally came here, and the House decided that
he was entitled to the seat.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be paid to F. E. Shoker, out
of the contingent fund of the House, the sum of
S150, due him as mileage for the first session of the
Forty-First Congress.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
revenue bills.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be
directed to consider and report to the House at its
next session how far the existing practice of amend-
ing, in the Senate, bills for raising revenue, by the
addition of enactments not germane to the original
biil, is in conformity with the Constitution, and
whether any further rules or proceedings are needed
to preserve theprivileges of the House in the matter.
Mr. COX. I should like to have it inserted
in the resolution that a conference committee
shall have cognizance only of matters con-
nected with the conference.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
strike out the word " existing."
Mr. HOAR. I will modify my resolution
by striking out that word.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, the
House (at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.)
took a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., (Mr. Dawes in the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.)
Mr. CONGER. I move that we take a fur-
ther recess till half past eight o'clock.
Mr. BIGGS. Is there no report from the
committee of conference?
Mr. CONGER. No; but we expect to get
one by that time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is very evident we can-
not get a report from the committee in time to
act upon it to-night, and I therefore hope we
will adjourn.
Mr. CONGER. I hope we will notadjourn,
but stay here and act upon the report this
evening.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly took a recess until half past eight
o'clock p. m.
The House reassembled at half past eight
o'clock p. m., (Mr. Dawes in the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.)
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, oneofits clerks, announced that that body
had adopted the report of the committee of
conference on House bill No. 19, making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and for additional appro-
priations for the service of the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House, and agreed to the
further conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Carpenter, and
Mr. Thtjbman managers of said conference on
its part.
The message further announced that the
Senate agreed to the resolution of the House
to print additional copies of the report of the
Smithsonian Institution for the year 1870.
george plunkett.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill (H. R. No. 435)
to authorise the President to appoint George
Plunkett a paymaster in the United States
Navy. I objected to the bill the other dny.
I offer it now in a modified form.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President be authorized to appoint George
Plunkett a paymaster in the United States
Navy, if, in his opinion, the interests of the
public service are thereby promoted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is there peculiar
in this case that the President should be au-
thorized to appoint this man? I should like
to have the gentleman explain what there is
in that case to induce us to pass this special
legislation. Why cannot the President make
the appointment under the existing laws?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will be observed
that I have modified the bill, so as not to
make it directory, leaving the responsibility
entirely with the President to make the ap-
pointment or not. He cannot appoiut, under
the law, when the man is over twenty-six years
of age.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is there any reason why
the President cannot make the appointment
now?
Mr. HALE. Yes; the man is too old.
There was no objection ; and the bill was read
a first and second time. It was then ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, aud passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
st. louis and iron mountain railroad.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Iask unan-
imous consent to introduce a joint resolution
extending the time for building the St. Louis
and Iron Mountain railroad, in the State of
Missouri.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order is the morning hour, which commences
at twenty-five minutes to nine o'clock p. m.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
debate the bill which went over.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Reports are
first in order from the Committee of Elections.
Mr. MOREY. I rise to a point of order:
that this meeting is in pursuance of a recess,
and we have had one morning hour to-day
and cannot have another.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order. [Laughter.]
Reports are in order from the Committee on
Accounts. If there are no reports from the
Committee on Accounts, reports are in order
from the select committee on the President's
message in relation to the enforcement of the
law in the late insurrectionary States. If there
are no reports from (hat committee, reports
are in order from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WILLARD. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I desire to know if it would
now be in order to move that the committees
be appointed during this session?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Such a mo-
tion would not be in order during the morning
hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
take a recess for thirty minutes.
Mr. MOREY. That is not in order during
the morning hour.
The question being taken on the motion to
take a recess, it was agreed to ; and accord-
ingly (at eight o'clock an-d thirty-seven min-
utes p. m.) the House took a recess for thirty
minutes.
The recess having expired, the House (at
nine o'clock and seven minutes p. m.) resumed
its session.
