1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The Senator does not intend, I know, that
his bill should give any countenance to the pos-
session of anything valuable from the Govern-
ment that is not plainly written in the bill, but
yet it is so drawn that it would deprive this
Government of more millions of dollars than
the millions of acres that have been given to
encourage internal improvements.
Mr. PRATT. To what particular feature
of the bill does the Senator refer ?
Mr. POMEROY. I will call the attention
of the Senate to it in a few moments. The
Senator has told us that we have given already
twenty-four million acres for internal improve-
ments—a little less than twenty-four millions—
although in the statute there has been provis-
ion made for over a hundred millions. But,
Mr. President, this bill which the Senator has
introduced and urged upon the attention of
the Committee on Public Lands is no new
thing in the committee. This bill is drawn so
that the squatter secures a vested right upon a
point, a settlement that is known and desig-
nated as public lands, whether surveyed or
unsurveyed, and he cannot be dispossessed of
that any more than he could be dispossessed
if he had a title from the Government in the
form of a patent.
For instance, there is an island in San Fran-
cisco bay for which this Government has been
offered $5,000,000, and which would come into
the hands of one man. There is alight-house
built on that coast which a squatter claims and
which the Government would lose ; and I know
of military reservations, military posts held by
the Government, where, if this bill should be
enacted into a law, the squatter would take
possession of the public buildings.
Mr. STEWART. Take the Presidio reser-
vation, and Block Point, and Angel Island.
Every one of those reservations would go under
this bill. There is in each of those cases a
claim of settlement, of course not in good faith,
but you cannot prove that it was not. It is
claimed that it was held for settlement before
the military occupation. All those points about
San Franisco would be covered by that lan-
guage.
Mr. POMEROY. I only designed to call
the attention of the Senator to it. If he had
administered for ten years on the public lands
lie would have seen that of all the swindling
bills ever presented this is the worst.
Now, I will only close by saying—because I
see the Senate does not want to consider this
subject now, and it is not properly before us to-
day—that the decision of the Supreme Court
to which he has alluded, instead of being crit-
icised in the manner in which it has been,
should be approved and indorsed. If that Sen-
ator had been upon the bench himself he would
have concurred in it, because it is the true
interpretation of the law.
Mr. PRATT. I ask my friend if this bill
which he has so characterized is not precisely
the form of a bill which passed the House of
Representatives at the last session of the
Forty-First Congress?
Mr. POMEROY. It is very n-early in form,
but it was reported back from the Committee
on Public Lands with that part stricken out
■which constitutes a vested right and makes it
retrospective. The bill, as now presented,
makes any claim that a man has made at any
time in the past a vested right so that he can
get title and obtain a patent.
Mr. PRATT. The point which I wished to
make to the Senator was whether he supposed
the House of Representatives, the immediate
Representatives of the people, in passing a
bill just like this intended to swindle the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. POMEROY. No. sir ; they do not in-
tend it, and the Senator from Indiana does not
intend any such thing: but there is the Yo-
semite valley in his bill going into the hands of
two men, that valley which has been conse-
crated, by an act of Congress, to posterity for-
■ever. No one has intended anything wrong,
42n Dong. 1st Sess.—No. 7.
but the mischief is covered up in the bill not-
withstanding.
I was saying that that decision of the Su-
preme Court, criticised though it has been by
the Senator from Indiana, would have been
concurred in by him if the bench had been
honored by his presence—and no one could
have honored it more—because it is the true
interpretation of the law, and in that decis-
ion of the Supreme Court is the protection of
the settler. The settler is protected there
against everybody but the United States; the
firstsettleragainstevery other settler ; and this
Government never dispossessed a settler un-
less it was in the public interest to secure some-
thing which the public could have taken if it
had been his own private property. They can
take your land for a road. They can take it
for public purposes. The only difference is
that if you have a title they are to make you
compensation ; but if a man is a mere squatter,
who has gone there to get an advantage of the
Government, they can take it from him without
paying him for it.
Mr. PRATT. Does not this very bill pro-
vide that whenever it becomes necessary for
the Government to reserve any of the public
lands in the hands of private proprietorship
under the preemption laws, the Government
may do it upon making compensation to the
settler for his improvements?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; certainly.
Mr. PRATT. Is not that equitable and
just?
Mr. POMEROY. But the Government has
not only got to make compensation to the set-
tler for his improvements, but he gets also a
title to the land that the Government has got
to pay for. The Government can take your
farm and mine by paying us for them. That
is not what I complain of. It is that these
settlers, who are mere speculators, are to get
a vested right, in advance of the Government
itself, on the whole public domain. Take
Alaska, to which the Senator ha3 referred: if
we keep possession of it we shall have to build
light-houses at prominent valuable points there;
and all that is necessary is for a squatter to go
and squat there and then the Government must
buy him out and pay, not only the present value,
but all that he can prove to be its value at that
time.
Mr. PRATT. Allow me to interrupt my
friend once more. Here is the provision of
the bill, and I desire to read it so as to correct
his misunderstanding:
Provided, That nothing herein shall divest or im-
pair the existing powers of Congress, orof any proper
officer or Department of the United States, to take
such lands before or after patent issued, for military
reservations, fortifications, light-houses, or for any
other necessary requirements of Government what-
ever, making in all eases due compensation therefor.
The amount of such compensation, whether in money
or its equivalent in lands, shall be made to the set-
tler by the Secretary of the Interior, or, if they
cannot agree, then it shall be ascertained and paid
according to the laws of the State or Territory where
such lands shall be situated.
Why does not that meet the difficulty?
Mr. POMEROY. That is the law now. Any
land that has been patented to a man can be
taken from him for public use by paying for
it. We do not want to reenaet that again.
But I was trying to come to a close by say-
ing that the Congress of the United States and
the Government of the United States have
never yet taken land away from settlers for
any speculative purpose, nor to give it to any
corporation. No railroad company ever got
land away from settlers. Every railroad grant
has always excluded from the grant any rights
of settlers under the homestead or preemption
law. Further, the swamp land act, if prop-
erly administered—I do not know exactly what
it was that the Senator alluded to as having
occurred in California—did not grant to the
States land that was settled upon or to which
any claim existed. If after it passes into the
hands of the State settlers go upon the land,
they have to treat with the State, because the
United States has parted with its title, and
whatever law the State makes, that law the
settler must comply with ; but while the title
remains in the United States no legislation
has ever been passed against a settler, and the
only instance where the Government has taken
possession of public land against a settler is
where it was needed for public purposes.
If the Senator had alluded to the decision
of the court in the Weston case in Missouri,
there was a municipal preemptor and an agri-
cultural preemptor of even date, and the court
decided that the municipal preemptor should
have the advantage over the agricultural pre-
emptor, because it was for public purposes. Mr.
Gushing, when he was Attorney General,gave
his opinion that where the preemption secures
a public interest it takes precedence over that
of a private individual; and it is only following
out that principle that has led the Government
for public purposes to take these claims that
squatters had.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator from Kansas
is through, I wish to move an adjournment.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only now give
notice that at an early day I will address the
Senate on this subject.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to address
the Senate on this subject also. I think it
ought to be ventilated.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Rhode Island is
before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Indiana
to give way, that I may move to take up House
billNo. 19, making appropriations forthe pay-
ment of additional clerks and messengers in
the Pension Office, and for other purposes.
It ought to be passed before the resolution of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California move to suspend this
order of business for that purpose?
Mr. COLE. Informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senate that whatever order
of business is under consideration at the time
of adjournment will hold preference for to-
morrow.
Mr. STEWART. By unanimous consent it
can stand informally, so that when this bill is
through that resolution will be up without a
motion. I suggest that by unanimous consent
that be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly there will be
no trouble at this new session in the Senator
from California getting up his deficiency bill.
It is a bill necessary to be passed, I under-
stand. There cannot be any trouble in his
getting it up without bringing it up to-night.
Mr. COLE. I do not know whether there
will or not. Gentlemen are talking about
adjourning every successive hour.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. Will not. the Senator give
way for an executive session?
Mr. MORTON. I think not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at two
o'clock and fifty-four "minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 11, 1871.
The House fnet at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botlek, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. MORPUIS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and put upon its passage a dis-
ability bill, containing only one name.
Mr. RANDALL. I shall not object to that,
