'806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
very theory upon which free governments rests is
that tliey exist by the consent of the governed.
"The American people, in forming their Govern-
ment, substituted popular representation and the
right, under certain restrictions, to change the Con-
stitudon at their pleasure, in the place of forcible
revolution; but nowhere have they ever abandoned
the principle that the Government is one of law, and
that force was only to be used in aid of law to exe-
cute it, not to destroy it. When the time shall come
that a Government of law shall be done away with;
when a brigadier general shall be installed as the
maker of law, and his quartermaster, paymaster, and
commissary shall become the supreme judiciary of
each State; and colonels, majors, and captains shall
exercise the functions of civil ofaccrs, and sergeants
and corporals shall be sheriifs and police: when the
writ of hnbeaa corptii shall be prohibited, the trial
by jury abolished; when the laws shall be found in
'general orders' instead of the statute-book, and
the only form of justice shall be the procedings of
courts-martial, then popular government may be
said to have ceased, and the despotism of the bay-
onet erected in its place.
" Have the American people so retrograded in
intelligence, and respect forthe law, that it is neces-
sary to set aside the Constitution and the statute-
book, the executive, j udieial, and municipal officers
of the people, and to provide that the President,
at any moment, upon his own motion and at his
own discretion, may enter any State, declare mar-
tial law, suspend civil authority, and make a mil-
itary commander sole arbiter in all matters of life,
property, and liberty ? lias popular government so
far proved a failure tha.t, in the most profound peace,
when there is not in ail the broad land an organized
force opposing the Federal laws, or questioning Fed-
eral authority, the Congress of the United States
should provide for a military despotism to take the
place of the government ehosen by the popular will
and existing by the popular consent ? What is there
in the condition of the State of Illinois which just-
ifies the suspicion of such intolerable anarchy, and
warrants the substitution of armed torcefor tha civil
law? Yet both Houses of Coogress have passed
just such a bill, and are only divided as to some of
the details. Both Houses have agreed to place in
the hands of the President this unexampled power,
wholly unwarranted by the Constitution, and only
defensible upon the plea that free government is a
failure, that popular intelligence has been per-
verted, and that to the Army is to be committed the
task of averting general anarchy. Against this grave
assumption we protest; and we trust that, upon the
reassembling of Congress m December, this law, so
sweeping in its assumptions, and so dangerous as a
precedent, may be repealed by a unanimous vote,
and that meanwhile the dangerous powers it seeks
to confer may not be exercised."
Mr. KERR. I commend that article to
the consideration of gentlemen on the other
side of the House who have been so earnest
in their merriment at the suggestion that the
Chicago Tribune is a leading organ of the
Republican party. I am satisfied that whether
it be a leading organ or not of that party it is
infinitely wiser than the gentlemen who laugh
at it, and the day will soon come when gentle-
men on that side of the House will have cause
to regret that they have not followed the wise
counsels that have been given by that paper.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I regard every conference that
has met upon this bill as only intensifying
what the Senate had determined to do. This
House, with only twelve votes against it, voted
for the repeal of the jury test oath law, and
yet the conference on the part of the House
have surrendered that principle at the dicta-
tion of the Senate, and surrendered it when
they knew that but for the fact that the repeal
of this law was contained in it the bill never
would have passed this House. Having sur-
rendered that provision, which absolutely re-
pealed the test-oath for jurors, they have surren-
dered the only thing in the bill that rendered
it at all tolerable. The Sherman amendment
was mere chaff; it was thrown in as a sort of
make-weight, but never would have hurt any-
body. It was the tub to the whale, and was
easily disposed of.
But if you adopt this report you will to-day
perpetuate a law which will exclude the Attor-
ney General of the United States from the
jury-box, which will exclude men, however
high in position, who have joined your party,
pardon and amnesty to the contrary notwith-
standing. General Longstreet under this bill,
it it shall become a law, will not be able to sit
upon a jury to settle a controversy between
his neighbors, although he may hold the high-
est office in the land. No ipan, Radical or
Democrat, who ever fed a confederate soldier,
or one about to unite with that army, can
under this bill sit in the jury-box. _ I say that
there is not a Federal officer in this House, I
do not believe I need except even the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
■who, during all the years of war, did not do
some aet of kindness that he was not com-
pelled to do to some poor, suffering confede-
rate soldier, and that would exclude him from
every Federal jury from Maine to California,
if the judge saw fit to do so.
I heard a distinguished Federal general say
last night that this bill would exclude more than
one half of his army corps from the jury-box,
because they, when not under any obligation to
do so, seeing a number of poor, starving confed-
erate soldiers returning from northern prisons,
to join their regiments, to go to the front, and
knowing that they were going to do so, taking
pity on their ragged and starving condition,
emptied their haversacks to them and fed them
ana ministered to their wants all along the line.
It is the highest evidence that they were brave
men thus to sympathize with and supply the
wants of suffering foes. Yet every one of
these Federal soldiers who without compul-
sion fed those starving men is to be excluded
from the jury-box, if a Busteed, or an Under- l
wood, or any other man, to whom Jeffreys
would be as an angel of light, should see fit to
exclude him. It is an infamous provision,
and it is inserted and perpetuated with malice
aforethought on the part of the ultra Radicals
of this House and the Senate, for the purpose
of enabling the President to send down to the
different parts of the South infamous and cor-
rupt judges whenever he wants to carry on a
political persecution, and to exclude every
decent man, every white man, Federal or con-
federate, from the jury-box, and pack a jury
to hang any man who may be selected before-
hand as a victim.
That is what this House now proposes to do
by concurring in this report, and the country
ought to know it. That is the known and
obvious effect of this bill as it is now amended
by the committee of conference. The bill
originally never would have been passed by
this House, as I have stated, but for the fact
that that provision of law was struck out; and
the gentlemen who now "go back" on the
House and yield to the Senate, who succumb
to the malignants in both branches of Congress,
have, in my judgment, been recreant to their
duty and ought to be held up before the coun-
try as men who have abandoned the rights
and privileges of this House and of the peo-
ple. My experience as a lawyer may induce
me to place a higher estimate on the import-
ance of insisting on the repeal of this law.
When the numerous classes of cases provided
for in the bill become, for the first time, sub-
jects of Federal jurisdiction, then many others
may attach to it. I know that if you give a
man a fair and an honest jury, and if he has
a good case he is sure to be protected, no
matter who is judge. But by this bill you
propose to allow a corrupt judge (and the
judge may be corrupt; there have been, as all
southern men know too well, corrupt judges)
to strike down the jury-panel whenever he
pleases; to discard and set aside any man,
whether he sympathized during the war with
the Federal or the confederate cause, if years
ago he gave a meal to a starving confederate, to
put him upon his oath in order to ascertain that
fact, and thus exclude him from a jury. Allow
this to be done, I say, in the class of cases
provided for in this bill, and there is an end
of liberty regulated bylaw. The old, time-hon-
ored trial by jury, which men have regarded
for centuries past as the great palladium of
civil liberty, will be swept away.
But I must close. The few minutes allowed
me have expired.
I put the question to any Federal officer here
whether, during the years of war, he did noi
do some act of kindness which would exclude
him from the jury-box under this provision ;
whether he could take the oath that he never
gave a rebel soldiera meal or a glass of water ?
Not one man on the other side of the House
dare rise in his place and say that he never
did this; or if any one can say it, be is not, I
was going to say, fit to be called a man ; bnt I
will not say that. I will say, however, that
under this provision tens of thousands of the
bravest soldiers of the Union Ariny from the
North and West may be excluded from a jury
whenever a corrupt and venal judge may see
fit to exclude them. It is such a law which
these conferees have seen fit to continue in
force in obedience to the malignant passions
of ultra men in both Houses, and against the
express and positive orders orthe House of
Representatives.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLAND. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bdtler, ]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In listen-
ing, Mr. Speaker, to the indignant declama-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr,
Beck,] one would suppose that we were about
making a new and unheard-of law, instead of
merely refusing to repeal a law under which
we have lived since 1862, and which was ope
of the instruments that enabled us to saveThe
life of the nation and maintain the authority
of the Congress of the United States, so as to
be able to admit to seats in it some twelve or
fifteen men who were officers in the confeder-
ate army. This law, which has been on the
statute-book for nearly ten years, is the.one we
are now so fiercely denounced for not repealing.
But the theory we proceed upon is that this
is a new rebellion got up by the old rebels;
and the question is whether we shall let them
take seats in the jury-box to decide upon their
own acts. This is a very plain case, in regard
to which it seems to me the judgment of good
men need not hesitate. But it is said that
under this law no man who has given a cup
of water or a loaf of bread or any other assist-
ance to a starving confederate soldier can sit
on ajury. That is not, in my judgment, the
correct interpretation of the law. The act, in
order to work a disqualification, must have
been done for the purpose of aiding the rebel-
lion; a mere act of charity or kindness does
not come within the purview of the law. For
if that is the construction of the law, 1 agree I
should be very far within its provisions. I can
find you thousands of confederate soldiers and
their wives and children whom I have fed for
months. But such is not the proposition. The
law is only where these things were done to
aid the rebellion, for that purpose and with
that intent. It is an act of rebellion which
keeps a man off the jury-listand out of the jury-
box, and not an act of charity.
The bill now presents itself with three fea-
tures which, in my judgment,, are worth pre-
serving. First, the right to punish through the
courts of the United States crimes against citi-
zens of the United States to prevent the exer-
cise of their rights ; second, the power of the
President to use the strong arm of military
'power to suppress all outrages and wrong upon
citizens ; and, third, a definition of what are
thepowersof the General Government, because
this amendment, as reported by the committee,
has in it, in my judgment, some virtue in this :
it goes further in the direction of interfering
with the individual rights of citizens by law of
Congress than ever lattempted todo ordesired
to do, and makesa precedent for us in the future.
I attempted heretofore to report, a bill which
would allow men who did the act of depriving
a citizen of his right to be punished in courts
of the United States. I thought the constitu-
tional power was with us to do that.
Now, my friends, who have constitutional
scruples about doing that, have reported ac
