100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
wise or proper provision of law. The section I have
here drafted requires that all of these peculiar
accounts shall pass through the form of settlement
usual in all cases other than unavailable balances,
and makes it possible to keep an accurate record in
the proper books of all the transactions which affect
the cash of the Government.
I deem this section of the utmost importance; for
•while we have no evidence that any wrong use has
been made of the practice which heretofore ob-
tained, I am well assured that without the present
section of law it is possible to very greatly com-
plicate the accounts, and render it impossible to ever
obtain an accurate statement of the Government
finances.
Section fifteen is intended merely to modify a former
provision of law passed at the instance of the Treas-
urer of theUnited States.and for the better settlement
of his accounts; which, as it now stands on the
statute books, has creatcd very great confusion, and
very materially increased the labor of the Depart-
ment without rendering the business as secure as it
should bo. It is necessary mainly because the sys-
tem of business in the Department is not uniform,
and the law was drafted without a thorough under-
standing of the several modes of business in uso. I
anticipate a very great relief in the various audit-
ing offices by the process here provided for, and at
the same time a much greater degree of security to
the Government from unjust and improper claims on
account of business which should have been closed
years ago.
Section sixteen grants authority to tho Secretary
of the Treasury that will enable him to accurately
state, the accounts of the Treasury Department in
relation to its loans. It is absolutely necessary that
some such.law as this be passed. I have had a corps
of clerks for the last two years engaged in settling
the loan accounts of the Government; and because
of no law authorizing the charges herein provided
lor I have been unable to make the receipts and ex-
penditures of the Government tell the truth. There
is nothing in this section which authorizes expend-
iture of money, nor is there in any provision in this
bill; it is entirely for tho purpose of enabling the
accounts of'theDepartmcnt to be properly kept.
Section seventeen : The provisions of this section
are intended to cover a principle somewhat analo-
fous to that explained in tho preceding paragraph,
ut relating to some other order of accounts.
I have thought it wise to insert a provision in this
section prohibiting an erroneous construction of it;
not because I think an erroneous construction is
possible, but that I deem every safeguard necessary
to prevent erroneous, and uinvito construction of law,
especially in relation to so peculiar a business as the
repayment ol moneys erroneously covered.
Section eighteen: The object of this section is to
prevent the repayment, to tho credit of appropria-
tions, ot the proceeds of old material and the sales of
public property, whichhas been the practice for many
years. I would suggest the amendment ot this section
by themsertion ot the word *' subsequent" before the
word '* appropriation" in line six, and the introduc-
tion of the clause requiring a report of all such pro-
ceeds to bo made to Congress. The exception in favor
ot manno hospitals, revenue-cutters, clothing of the
Xsavy, and commissary stores of the Army are ne-
cess.iry by reason of tho peculiar character of these
several lunds. Iho marine hospitals are supposed
to be self-sustaining, and the Government stands in
the 1 elation ol a trustee to this fund. The revenue
cutters arc built under a gencial authority of law
wuieh allowed the substitution ol improved vessels
lor the old mid worthless one?. Tho clothing fund
oi the JN avy is self-sustaining, and the sales ol elo th-
ins t o seamen and others arc made at the actual cost
ot the articles, and, by the law which authorizes
the rciundingof this to tho clothing account, it is
never either increased oi diminished. The sale ol
coinuiissaiy stores to officers of tho Army usually
occurs at remote posts and in small quantities, so
that the expense ol transportation and deposit of
tho money in the form required by this section would
cost moio than tho mone.v thus deposited would
amount to. The provision for sendinur copies of the
warrants to the proper accounting oiheers is a pro-
vision required by the division of business in the
Department.
Generally, in relation to this bill, I would remark
that i am fully convinced of its entire desirability,
i have very carefully studied all ot its provisions,
A« it now stands it is the work of nearly four years'
careful examination of the various systems of busi-
ness in use in this Department. In preparing it I
nave trieu to take into consideration every provis-
ion ;foi the proper and faithful execution of the will
of Congress. It has been written less from the ex-
ecutive stund-pomt than from the legislative; for in
pi eparing it and in studying the questions involved,
1 have tried to place m>self in the position of a
memocrof Congress anxious to see the business of
the Government done m a systematic, methodical,
stiaightlorwurd.and honest way. I feel convinced
ta.it tho bi31, it passed in the torm in which I have
submitted it. will give entire satisfaction to Con-
gress and will much icducc tho expenses that may
be hc.'e,itter necessary in properly conducting our
business as well as add still more to the checks
against misappropriation of public moneys.
1 would add, however, that unless this bill can be
passed in tho lorm in which I have submitted it I
do not think it would bo wise to pass it at all, be-
cause it is possible so to complicate legislation as to
renuer itaoitectnu;?atoiy, and to make the simplest
provision a loophole tiiruusn which improper prac-
tices are possible.
In the limits of a letter it is impossible for me to
give you all tho points in i'aror of the measure. I
have endeavored to concisely state the principal
ones. If you desire any further information, and
will send for me, I will verbally answer any question
you may desire to put; and I think one or two per-
sonal interviews will greatly help you to a thorough
and proper understanding of all the questions
involved in the bill.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,
TT T J. II. SAVILLE.
Hon. James B. Beck, M. 0.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the seventeenth
section of the bill be again read.
The Clerk read the seventeenth section.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentle-
man from Indiana that the whole purpose of
that is to make an account by itself on the
books of all erroneous coverings into the
Treasury, so that it shall be by itself, where
everybody can see the whole of it, and the
proviso at the end of it protects every such
entry and takes authority away from the Sec-
retary of adjusting or settling them.
Mr. COX. I beg to say to the gentleman
from Massachusets that there are some things
fhat I like to commend in his conduct, and this
is one of them. We know very well that at the
last session the gentleman and the House had
difficulty, owing to the jumble of the estimates
from the Departments, and especially from the
Navy Department, and if I recollect aright
my friend from Massachusetts found an error
of $31,000,000 in the estimates of that Depart-
ment alone. I therefore hail any reform that
will give us an intelligent view of the estimates
of the Departments.
When we called the attention of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to the fact that the
expenditures were not economical, I remember
his happy retort when he said it was all owing
to the estimates of tho Departments, and 1
think he is entitled to credit for a reformation
of the Departments, and for some systematic
mode by which we shall know how we are to
vote on the estimates made by the various
Departments of the Government. Especially
would I ask members upon this side' of the
House to vote for this measure, because in one
regard it is of great value. It tells us, or it
seeks to tell us, as to the property sold. My
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] bows
assent to that. It was needed heretofore, it is
more needed now. We do not know what the
net results of the various sales of the property
that came to us from the war have been, and
this provides in one section for that very thing.
I therefore favor the bill. I see no appropri-
ation in it-
Mr. DAWES. There is not a dollar of appro-
priation in it.
Mr. COX. I see in it no effort at any insid-
ious legislation. It is a very important bill.
It might be considered more at length in this
House; but after the judgment that has been
expressed by gentlemen on this side of the
House and upon the other. I shall give my
hearty concurrence to the measure.
Mr- DAWES. I hope the bill will pass.
I he bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land grants to railroads.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, submitted the following
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
re/jnested to furnish to this House, at the opening
ol the session in December next, a map showing the
names and the routes of the several railroads in tho
United states to which grants of public lands have
at any time been made by Congress, and by lines
drawn on ca.ch side theieof showing the limits ot
saad grants, and also the indemnity limits, to"ethiT
with a statement of the amount of land suupowdlo
^ 10 ,sueh roads, and the amount already
l i or patented to each, and an estimate
01 the whole remaining amount of public land yet
remaining undisposed of by the Government of the
United States.
refunding of moneys.
Mr. DU BOSE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 179) for the refund-
ing of certain moneys covered into the Treas-
ury ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary when appointed.
practice in the courts.
Mr. LAMISON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 180) to prevent
certain officers of the United States and Ter-
ritories from practicing as attorneys or solicit-
ors in the Supreme, circuit, and district courts
of the United States in certain cases; which
wa3 read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and to be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary when appointed.
mississippi and gum ship-canal.
Mr. SYPHER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, requested to cause an examination and sur-
vey, with plans and estimates of cost, to be made by
an officer of engineers for a sliip-eanal to connect
the Mississippi river with the Gulf of Mexico or tho
navigable waters thereof, of suitable location and
dimensions for military, naval, and commercial pur-
poses, and that he report upon the feasibility of the
same to the House of Representatives.
Mr. RANDALL. Does that involve an
appropriation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised.
The resolution was adopted.
claims of southern loyalists.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That leave be granted to claimants to
withdraw from thc_ tiles of the House their papers
and evidence in claims for supplies furnished to or
taken by military authority for the use of the Army
m States in rebellion, including the use and loss of
vessels or boats while in the military service of the
United States, for tbe purpose of adjudication before
the commissioners of claims, under the provisions of
the act approved March 3,1871.
indexing claims for pensions.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit a resolution, which is in substance the
one I offered the other day, modified so as to
obviate the objection made to it then by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The resolution is as follows :
Resolved, That the clerk of tile Committee on
Invalid 1 ensions of the Porty-l'irst Congress be
employed during the present session and until the
committer be appointed, to examine and brief the
evidence m tbe claims for pensions now on the files
i and paid at the same rate as during
the last session of Gon^res-1.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
delinquent collectors.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask unanimous consent
t,o submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion for consideration at this time:
Whereas on the 13th of Dceember, 1870, the IIou«o
of Representatives of the Forty-First Congress of
the United States, during its third session, did unani-
mously adopt the foliowmsr resolution •
" JLmlved, That the Secretary ot tho Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish this House a
statement of the balances due from collectors of
internal revenue who are not now in office, aad the
total amount of the balances so due as they appear
011 the books of the accounting officers of his De-
partment on the bOth day of June, 1870; that he fur-
ther inform this Jiousc what amount of said balances
nave been p«n<l,n,nd in detail, by whom, since the 2d
any of May, the names of the collectors who
nave been sued on thsir bonds since their removal
from ouee, with the cau-sc of removal m each ea3e;
by what 1 resident said collectors were appointed,
and by what 1 resident they were removed."
Anu Wiierertft the Secretary of th« Treasury has not
replied to said resolution: Therefore,
j>'i ttresolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, directed to furnish th,s House a,
starcinent of the balances due from collectors of in-
ternal revenue who are notnowinoifiee, an-i the total
amount ol the balances so due as they appear on the
books of the accounting ofiiceis ol' his Department
oil tile 30th d:ty ol June, 187U; that ho further iiilorm
this House what amount ol said balances have been
paid, and by whom, since the &1 day of May, 18T0;
the names of the collectors who have been sued on
