1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
their bonds since their removal from office, with the
cause of removal in each case; by what President
said collectors were appointed, and by what Presi-
dent they were removed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
BINGHAM objected.
l'OST ROUTES.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce and have passed at the pres-
ent time a bill establishing certain post routes,
and containing no other legislation.
There being no objection,
Mr. MARSHALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 181) to establish new post routes; which
was read a first and second time, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading. Being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
REVISED STATUTES.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution to authorize the
commissioners to revise tlio statutes to print
their reports.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the proviso in the act of March 3,
1871, directing that no printing shall be here-
after executed except on written order, under
the direction of heads of Departments or by
the two Houses of Congress, as authorized by
law, shall not be construed to affect the print-
ing required by the commissioners to revise
the statutes in the execution cf their duties ;
but their reports, indexes, and other papers
immediately incidental to their work may be
printed upon the written order of the commis-
sioner by whom the same may have been pre-
pared; nor shall said proviso be construed to
prevent members of either House of Congress
from having such printing done at the Govern-
ment Printing Office as was previously author-
ized by law.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. POLAND. I presume the gentleman
objects to the last clause of the resolution,
which I will agree to strike out.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman whether he will not make this res-
olution applicable to the final report of the
commissioners ; and in this connection I would
like to inquire whether these commissioners
may be expected to make their final report
within any reasonable time, or will they keep
on drawing their salaries ad itifinitumf
Mr. POLAND. lam very glad to answer
the gentleman. The present commissioners
have been only recently appointed; and since
the last appointment the work has been pros-
ecuted with the greatest vigor, and a large part
of it is now ready to be printed. The statute
under which they were appointed provides that
their work, as fast as it is completed, shall be
printed, to be presented to Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. Would itnot be better to
wait till they finish their labors?
Mr. POLAND. The statute under which
Uiey were appointed requires that they shall
have their reports printed as fast as any portion
of the work may be completed, so that it may
be submitted to Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. POLAND. I modify the joint resolu-
tion by striking out the last clause.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 29) was introduced, and read
a first and second time.
Mr. N1BLACK. I would like to say one
word on this subject. I think that no one in
this House appreciates the importance of hav-
ing a thorough revision of our statutes more
than I do. It is a subject to which my atten-
tion has been directed for many years. But I
confess that I have almost lost any hope I
may have entertained that Congress would take
up and consider any report which any commis-
sion may make. My present objectis to inquire
of the gentleman Irom Vermont [Mr. Poland]
whether thers is any reason to hope that we
shall over geMmy action by Congress upon the
report of this commission in regard to the
revision of the laws?
Mr. POLAND. I have had occasion to ac-
knowledge a great many times that our first,
attempt to secure a revision of the laws proved
to be a failure.
Mr. NIBLACK. A very bad failure, too.
Mr. POLAND. In the last Congress we
revived the commission, and some new men
were appointed, who, I am happy to say,
have been pushing the work with the utmost
vigor : and my belief is that the whole thing
will be completed within a short time, and
that we shall have a thorough revision of the
statutes submitted for our consideration during
this Congress.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does not the law require
us to act upon the report of these commission-
ers before the statutes in their condensed or
revised form become a part of the laws?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly; and it requires
that the reports of these commissioners shall
be printed and presented to Congress for its
action.
Mr. NIBLACK. The fear I have is that
we shall never get Congress to take time
enough to look into such matters and act upon
the report of these commissioners, even if they
make one which is satisfactory.
Mr. POLAND. Congress certainly never
will look at the report if it be not printed.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am disposed to con-
sider the whole thing a mere matter of form,
making easy places for certain gentlemen
learned in the law.
Mr. POLAND. If we are not willing to
make provision for printing the reports, the
work may as well stop.
Mr. NIBLACK. I doubtvery much whether
it is not money thrown away.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can the gentleman from
Vermont inform this House how compendious
or voluminous this work will probably be?
Mr. POLAND. The probability is, I think,
that it will be all compressed into two vol-
umes, except some treaties and private acts,
which will form another volume. The general
laws of the country will be embraced in two
volumes.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
STAMPS.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill which has the approval of
the Treasury Department, touching the collec-
tion of revenue by stamps.
Mr. WOOD. We all have business to trans-
act, and let ns ha-ve the regular order. Priority
should not be given to any man in this House.
SOUTH CAROLINA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. MeCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, reported back the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Unsolved, That the time allowed by law for taking
testimony in the contested election of member to
the Forty-Second Congress from the seeond district
of the State of South Carolina, between C.C. Bowen,
contestant, and E. C. Do Largo, contestee, is hereby
extended for sixty days from March 9,1871.
Mr. MeCRARY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say in reference to the resolution just adopted,
and a number of others of like character, that
the Committee of Elections has required a
showing in every case before granting the
extension of time under the statute.
GEORGIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. MeCRARY, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That iu the contested-elect ion< ease of
Isham S. Fannin w. Dudley il. DuBose, from the
fifth district of Georgia, testimony mav op i.i.,eii
i until the 1st day of June next; in all other i e--oi'Cts
i| the said testimony slmH Le fcahm raid it,*' contest
| conducted in ii'-cordaiK'e with 0'-■ siuiistu ir --'noa
ij cases invvu'-iM.
NORTII CAROLINA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. MeCRARY, from the same committee)
also reported back the following resolution^
with an amendment.
Theresolution, which was read, provides that
James H. Harris, contesting the claim of Hon.
Sion H. Rogers to a seat in this House as the
Representative of the fourth district of North
Carolina, shall be permitted to serve upon said
Rogers an amended notice of contest within
ten days from and after the passage of this
resolution, and that said Rogers shall be per-
mitted to answer the same within thirty days
after the service thereof.
The amendment was to add the following:
And the time for taking testimony under the law
is extended sixty days from thedatc of the service of
the answer to said amended notice.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the res-
olution, as amended, was adopted.
ARKANSAS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. MeCRARY, by unanimous consent-,
also presented the response of Hon. John
Edwards to the memorial of Hon. Thomas
15oi.es, contestant for a seat in the Forty-
Second Congress from the third congressional
district of Arkansas; which was referred to
the Committee of Elections, and ordered to be
printed.
CONTEST OF SI'INK VS. ARMSTRONG.
Mr. MeCRARY also, by unanimous con-
sent., submitted the following resolution; which
was read, and referred to the Committee of
Elections :
Resolved, That the time for taking testimony in
the contest of S. L. Spink vs. M. K. Armstrong be
oxtended sixty days.
CONTESTED ELECTION MAXWELL VS. HOOPER.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following reso-
lution from the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That the time allowed by law for taking
testimony in contested-election eases is hereby ex-
tended for sixty days in the case of Maxwell vs.
Hooper, from the Territory of Utah.
I wish to say, in reference to this, that the
committee found that this extension should
be granted for two reasons. In the first place,
it is requested by Mr. Hooper., who was the
Delegate during the last Congress, and whose
duties detained him here. In the next place,
all the time has been occupied by the contest-
ant in taking testimony.
Mr. STOUGHTON. 1 desire to effer an
amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I have looked at the amend-
ment which the gentleman proposes to offer.
It refers to a matter which is already before
the Committee of Elections, and we will re;
port a separate resolution embracing this if
the committee think it ought to be adopted.
I decline to admit the gentleman's amend-
ment.
The resolution was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION TIFT VS. WIUTELEY.
Mr. KERR. I offer the following preamble
and resolution from the Committee of Elec-
tions with a recommendation of the commit-
tee that they be adopted :
Whereas the documents and other papers in the
contested-election caoe of Tift m.AV hiteiey, from the
second congressional district ol' Georgia, in tho
Forty-Fiint Congress, relate also to the election for
the Forty-Second Congress from the same district:
Therefore,
Resolved, That all such documents and papers as
are printed in tho House miscellaneous document
No. Ii8. parts one, two, and three, of the third ses-
sion ot the Forty-First Congress, bo referred to tho
Committee of Elections tor use m tho case now
pendmec in this House between the same parties as
far as the same are applicable and pertinent to tlio
pending contest.
The preamble and resolution were agreed to,
CONTESTED ELECTION ROUKUS VS. SNYDKll.
Mr. KERR. I offer also the following res-
olution from the Committee of Elections:
lu'i-olvd, That in the case ot the vntcsted eiee-
ti.m id' Rogers yi Snjder, from tliu mtijbiI
(i ■ > ,>. ■ i tiuiriat Avfcanst'.ji, tut1 tiuiy within witu-h
