1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
amendment to give a remedy by taking the
property of a citizen of the United States be-
cause ho knows somebody who has committed
ail offense, or is about to commit an offense,
or happens to know about an offense about to
be committed, and has not prevented it. For
gentlemen who have constitutional scruples,
this is going further than anything I have done
or know. 1 have known men in my time who
mistook dyspepsia for conscience. [Laugh-
ter.] I have known men who mistook their
doubts aud qualms for constitutional law, who
are quite willing to go very far, if they do not
happen to go under the lead they do not like,
anil if you give them their own head will go
l'uvtlier"than the farthest. So far as this par-
ticular provision is concerned, now substituted
for what is known as theSherman amendment,
1 look upon it as utterly useless, a mere illusion
and delusion. Let us see what remedy you
give in a ease like that of Dickinson, who was
shot in Georgia.
A Member. No ; in Florida.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, in
Florida, not in Georgia. 1 beg Georgia's par-
don. What is the remedy in that case ? His
wile is to go down there and sue. Whom is
she to sue? She is to find out first who did
the deed ; then who knew it was to be done
and did not tell of or aid in preventing it.
She is to find oat next whether they have
property ; she is to lind out whether they in-
formed ; and then she has a civil suit for rem-
edv, ami that tried before a jury who must
have a sympathy with the people of that
country as nga'nst a stranger, though it may
be a loyal jury. Does any one believe this
retnedv will be a vital one ; that this remedy
will be" au adequate and useful one? Not at
all. Ii is a mere tub thrown to the whale—to
appea.se the desire of loyal men to have jus-
tice done. It is a mere compromise upon the
remedy. If you had permitted the suit against
the county you could lind the county ; but can
vou lind these sheet clad, masked Ku Klux in
the night time, or those who contnve at them
and are their abettors, going to declare who
they are to the man who is injured?
1 remember once hearing ol a person who,
having trespassed upon a man's preserve, he
was kind enough to ask him his name so
he might prosecute. Of course he got it.
[Laughter.] He lound out just where he
lived. This, then, is what is offered to the peo-
ple of the Umted States as remedy for wrongs,
arsons, and murders done. This is what we
offer to a man whose house has been burned,
asa remedy ; to the woman whose husband has
been murdered, as a remedy ; to the children
whose father has been killed, as a reniedy,^ I
should rather attempt to bring suit against
Samson's three hundred foxes with firebrands
tied to their tails, to get damages for burning
the Philistines' corn. [Laughter.] They
were the original Iyu Klnx, so lar as 1 know.
Here is not the slightest pretense ol remedy.
There is not a man who believes there will ever
be a verdict under it. It is put in here that
we may throw dust into the eyes of the people,
and for no other purpose. But,, for all that, I
will vote for the bill as a whole, precisely as I
voted for the deficiency bill, although opposed
to many things in it, because I must take the
bill commodum cumonere—lhe bitter with the
sweet. But 1 want here nowtocall the atten-
tion of gentlemen to this prediction of mine.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 should
like to see the lecord ol the lirst suit which
comes to iudiiment under this section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I very much
r-giet, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman from
Kentucky, [iL'- Buck,] who is usually so lair
ix man in discussion, bas been willing, for 1
can scarcely suppose that he did it without
being conscious ol it, so utterly to inisrepre-
sent the a.ction of this House,and oi the con-
ference committee on that point of difference
between the two Houses which relates to the
juror's act. The gentleman says that we are
now passing a law to exclude the vast body ol
citizens of the South from the jury-box. 1 beg
the gentleman's pardon. We are doing noth-
ing of the kind.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct myself if I said that? What I say
is, you are making the law applicable to a great
class of cases by the act you are now passing,
by extending to them that jury system.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 desire to call
the gentleman's attention to the fact that should
we leave out of this bill all that appertains to
jurors ill the United States judicial districtsof
the South, then, indeed, there would remain
a most severe and stringent law touching the
juries of the Federal courts. But every word
in this bill concerning the qualification of
jurors is part of a marked measure of amelior-
ation and relief. The gentlemen who vote
against that feature of the bill vote to leave
all the stringency, all the severity, all the
restrictions and limitations of that law, passed
in the dark days of the late war, in regard to
juries.
This House proposed to repeal the law alto-
gether, but found that the Senate would not
agree to a lull repeal, and proposed that instead
of repealmgitaltogetherthelirst,section should
be repealed. And what was that lirst section ?
It, gave to the parties to every suit a peremp-
tory right of challenge lor causes set forth in
the act. And, theieforc, one party or the
other would almost always use the right of
challenge and exclude all the persons named
in the act from the right to sit in the jury box.
Now, that peremptory right ot challenge is
taken away by this bill as reported by the com-
mittee. The first section is repealed in tola.
And under the second suction, which isallowed
to remain, nobody can be excluded lrom the
jury-box unless the prosecuting attorney offers
to challenge a juror for causes setlorth in the
act; and, after he has so moved, it is entirely
within the discretion of the court to say whether
the party challenged shall be removed from
the panel. It requires then, first, the initia-
tive of the prosecuting attorney, and, secondly,
the consent of the court to make tho law^as it
will be left by this bill, operative at all. Every
word, therefore, in this bill, touching the jury
law, is in mitigation of the severity ol the
present law.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
says that this is aimed against those people in
the South who gave only a cup ol cold water
to a suffering or wounded confederate soldier.
To show that this is not a partisan provision,
I affirm that it bears perhaps more heavily
upon the black men of the South than upon
any other class of people; for nearly all of
them did something or other, either of their
own choice or by compulsion, which did aid
somebody who was supporting the rebellion,
in the incidental manner referred to in the
section. So far arc we from urging this as
against Democrats and while men m the South
that the provisions of the law bear more heavily
upon the Republican colored men of the.South
than upon any other class. And it is for that
among other reasons that 1 was in favor of the
repeal of the whole juiy act of 1863.
But I call the attention of gentlemen to one
reason—and it ought to have some weight-
why some portion ol that law should remain
as the conference committee recommends.
By this bill thousands of what may be called
semi political offenses will be tried before the
Federal courts, and it would be manifestly im-
proper that there should be no power of chal-
lenge against those very men who might be
concerned in these offenses sitting in the jury
box to try such cases. That, reason may have
with some members—it certainly had with
rae—some weight in favor ol retaining a part
of that law, though, on the whole, I would pre-
fer to repeal the wjiol.e act.
; Now, ill'. Speaker, I call attention for a
moment to the remarks just made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. BuTl.Eit, ]
We have read in the history of ancient, mythol-
ogy of a god who ate all his own cliilden that
he might have no rivals near his throne.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What was
his name? [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He was a Satur-
nine god, [laughter,] and his cannibal habits
lost him his throne. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Botleu.] has not quite fol-
lowed the classical model; but he seems very
desirous to eat up the children of others. The
gentleman had a bill of his own which lie was
not able to get before this House for favorable
action. Many of those who examined it called
his child a monster. The monster could get
no status here in this House. From the hour
when he failed to impress the House with the
merits of his own measure, the gentleman has
been dissatisfied with almost everything that
has been attempted in the way of Ku Klnx
legislation, and, so far as I know, wiili almost
everybody who has offered any measure on the
subject. Now, aftergentlemen have computed
their views and examined the many d Ificuliies
of the subject and so settled the grave ques-
tions presented that the Republican party pre
sented itself with undivided Iront in favor of a
bill as amended, and now, afier th^ maiters
of difference between the House and Senate,
we have again come to an agreement ami the
parly is again in unbroken line; after all this,
the gentleman acts in character when lie rises
at the last moment to throw all tho contempt
he can upon the whole bill, in hopes he may
make the country regret that, his child was not
adopted by Congress. I do not judge his
motives, but this seems to be the logic of his
course. Sir, 1 do not, regard it, the part, either
of wisdom or of patriotism thus to dismiss with
contempt and malediction the result of these
six weeks' earnest and thoughtful labor on this
great question. Let me recapitulate briefly its
provisions.
In the first place it throws the protection of
the courts of the United States over the, right
of every citizen to enjoy all the privileges and
immunities secured to him by the Constitution ;
and if any of these rights are dented him under,
color of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation,
etistom, or usage of any State, he may bring
his action for redress in the courts of the
United Stales.
Tho second section defines aud punishes a
conspiracy of any two or more persons within
any State or Territory to deprive any citizen
of any of the lights secured to him by the
Constitution. That section describes, at full
length and with great minuteness, all forms
of offenses, like threats, intimidations, inju-
ries, or hitiderance, by which any person may
be deprived of his rights, and empowers the
courts of the United States to punish buch
conspirators by fine and imprisonment.
'The third section amis the President with
the power to employ the militia, the land and
naval ibices, to put down insurrections within
a Slate which have for their object the denial
of the equal protection of the laws to any class
of citizens, as secured by the Constitution of
the United States.
'The nextsection provides that, if such unlaw-
ful combinations shall be armed and shall as-
sume the front of war ui the prosecution of their
unlawful designs, the President shall repress
them by using, if necessary, all the power ol
the Army and Navy; and to aid in this sup-
pression he may suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus, but under limitations
and restrictions that will not enable him to
deprive citizens so arrested ol a tnal befoie
the courts of the Oniied Siatrs.
By the last section of the bill, as report'd
by this conference comioit.ee, it is made the
duty of ail citizens to aid in repre:smg these
outiages; and any citizen knowing tiiatan out-
rage is threatened, and notaidmgto prevent it,
is made liable for the wrong aud damages done.
