"808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that we have at last
secured a bill, trenchant in its provisions, that
reaches down into the very heart of the Iiu
Klux organization, and yet is so guarded as to
preserve intact the autonomy of the States,
the machinery of the State governments, and
the municipal organizations established under
State laws. But with these safeguards, the
bill empowers the Executive and the courts to
strike'these midnight assassins wherever they
show themselves. It arms the President of
the United States with powers vast and effect-
ive, powers which, I believe, will be used with
moderation and justice, so as to bring about
the fruits of peace and blessing to the whole
country. I rejoice, Mr. Speaker, that at last
we have reached a point when the party of
liberty, the party that believes both in the
autonomy of the States and the supremacy of
the national Government, will stand together
as a unit in approving and passing this bill
as now reported to us by the committee of
conference. I regret that the Senate did not
aid us in sending amnesty along with it, but
this House has done its duty faithfully on that
subject.
Mr. POLAND. I now call for a vote on
the report of the committee of conference, and
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the report
of the committee on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not enter-
tain that motion. The Chair yesterday, by
unanimous consent, entertained a motion to
recommit a report of a committee of confer-
ence, but at the time he was, as he is now,
under the impression that he should not have
entertained the motion. The only question
before the House is whether the House will
agree or disagree to the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think such a motion
as I have made has been frequently enter-
tained.
The SPEAKER. The denial of the motion
denies no right to any oue, but the only ques-
tion when a conference report is before the
House is, will the House agree to it, or will it
* disagree to it ?
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the report of the committee of conference;
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 93,
nays 74, not voting G3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby, Biiiguam, Au.-tin Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Benjamin P. Butler,
Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton, Greely, Dawes, Bon-
nan, Dunneil, Eames, Elliott. Farwed, Charles Fos-
ter, Garfield, Hale, Halsey, Hariner, George E. Har-
ris, Havens,Ilawiey, John W. Hazleton. Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Kelley, Ketcham.Killinger, Lamport, Lan-
sing, Lowe, Maynard, McJuukin, Mercur, Merriam,
Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Pack-
ard. Packer, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce. Aaron
X?. Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Raioey, Ellis H.
Roberts Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shetlabarger, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stouglnon, St. John, Taffe,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twicholi, Tyner,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, "Wallace, Walls,
Wheeler, Whiteiey, Willard, Jeremiah M. "Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird. Braxron, Bright, James
Brooks, Caldwell, Cox, Crossland, Davis. Dox, Du
Bose, Duke, Edwards, Eldridge, Ely. Forker, Henry
1>. Foster. Getz. O-oliaday. Griffith, Handley. Hanks.
Harper. John X- Harris, Hereford, Hibbard, Hol-
liidu, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kmselia, Lami&on,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Me-
Cornnck,McHenry, Mcinlyre, AIcKinney, AIcNeely,
Merrick, Benjamin ]■• Meyers, Morgan, Niblack,
Eli Perry, Potter. Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M.Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Shober,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland,
Swa.nu, Terry, Waddeil, Warren, Whitthorne, Wil-
liam^of New York, and Young—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
B^riium, James G. Blair, Burdett, Roderick R.
B.ltler, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Comingo,
Crebs, Criteher, Darrall, Be Large, Dickey, Duell,
lurnswortli, Fmkelnburg, Fryc, Garrett, Goodrich,
Haldemau, Hauibleton, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazle-
ton, Lynch, McCrary, McGrcw, Mc&ee, Mitchell,
jMoore, Morphis, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Peters, Price, Prindle, Robinson, Rogers, Roose-
velt, Sherwood, Worth,ingfcon C. Smith, Snyder,
E. Miltoti Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stoftell, Strong,
Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Upson,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Washburn, Wells,
Williams of Indiana, Winchester, and Wood—63.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.'
During the call of the roll, announcements
were made as follows :
Mr. YOUNG. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Pbice, some days ago paired on
this question with Mr. Duxxki.i,, of Wisconsin.
He is under the impression that the pair was
upon this question and all questions pertaining
t'o it. If he were here he would vote "no."
Mr. GOLLADAY. On this question my
colleague, Mr. Garrett, is paired with Mr.
Bastes, of Massachusetts. If my colleague
was here he would vote "no."
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague, Mr. Voor-
hees, is paired with Mr. Ames, of Massachu-
setts. If here Mr. Voorhees would vote "no."
Mr. BECK.* My colleague, Mr. Winches-
ter, is nbsent on account of sickness. He is
paired with Mr. Cobb, of North Carolina, and
would vote " no," if here, and Mr. Cobb would
vote "ay."
Mr. KING. My colleague, Mr. Wells, is
absent, and paired with another colleague, Mr.
Bcrdett, Mr. Wells, if here, would vote
"no."
Mr. POTTER. My colleague, Mr. Ward,
has been very suddenly and peremptorily called
to New York this morning by a very pressing
exigency; if here he would vote "no."
Mr. McNEELY. My colleagues, Mr. Moore
and Mr. Eobixson, are paired on this ques-
tion. If present Mr. Robinsok would vote
" no."
Mr. CRITCHER. I am paired on this ques-
tion with Mr. Peters, of Maine; otherwise I
would vote " no."
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I am paired
on this question with Mr. Hambleton, of
Maryland. If here he would vote "no," and
if I was not paired I would vote "ay."
Mr. HALE. My colleagues, Mr. Peters,
Mr. Lynch, and Mr. Frye, are paired on this
question with gentlemen on the other side of
the House. If they were here I have no doubt
they would vote "ay."
Mr. McKEE. On this question I am paired
with Mr. Vaughan, of Tennessee. If he were
here he would vote "no," and I would vote
" ay."
Mr. DUNNELL. Two weeks ago to-day,
when the first vote was taken upon this bill, I
was paired with Mr. Price, of' Georgia^ and
I was informed that the pair would expire
that day. I am told, however, that Mr. Price
left under the impression that I was paired
with him for the balance of the session. I
desire to act an honorable part in the matter.
I understood the pair to expire on the day it
was made ; and therefore I vote " ay."
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to state that Mr.
Hazleton, of Wisconsin, left the city this
morning, and requested me to say that he
was paired with Mr. Carroll, of New York.
If here he would vote " ay."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague,
Mr. Upson, requested me to say that he was
paired with Mr. Tpthill, of New York. If
Mr. Upson were here he would vote "ay."
Mr. POTTER. And Mr. Tuthill would
vote " no " if he were here.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague, Mr. Wash-
burn, is paired on this question with Mr.
Speer, of Pennsylvania, and would vote "ay"
if Ti£  wprf*
Mr. TYNER. My colleague, Mr. Wil-
liams, of Indiana, is paired with Mr. Crebs,
of Illinois. If my colleague were here he would
vote "ay," and I suppose Mr. Crebs, if here,
would vote " no."
Mr. BURDETT. On this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Wells, of St.
Louis. If he were here he would vote " no,"
and I would vote "ay."
Mr. ELLIS H. ROBERTS. My colleague,
Mr. FREEiStAir Clarke, is. paired uptfri this bill
with Mr. Alexander Mitchell, of Wisconsin.
If here, Mr. Clarke would vote "ay."
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Ambler, of Ohio,
who is now absent on leave, desired me to say
that on this question he was paired with Mr.
Roosevelt, of New York; and that if he, Mr.
Ambler, were here, he would vote "ay."
Mr. PERCE. My colleague, Mr. Morphis,
is detained at home by sickness in his family ;
if here, he would vote "ay."
Mr. BANKS. Expecting that this vote
would have been taken last night, I paired with
Mr. Garrett, of Tennessee; otherwise I would
have voted in the affirmative, and he, if here,
would vote in the negative.
Mr. HAWLEY. My colleague, Mr. Moore,
of Illinois, is paired with Mr. Robinson, an-
other colleague. If here, Mr. Moore would
vote "ay."
Mr. MORGAN. My colleague, Mr. Van
Trump, is paired with Mr. Lynch, of Maine.
If here, my colleague would vote "no," and,
I presume, Mr. Lynch would vote "ay."
Mr. W. R. ROBERTA My colleague, Mr.
Dwight Townsend, is paired on this question
with Mr. McCrary, of Iowa. If here, Mr.
Townsend would vote "no."
Mr. GRIFFITH. My colleague, Mr. Sher-
wood, is paired with Mr. Prindle, of New
York. If here, Mr. PrindlewouM vote "ay."
Mr. ELY. My colleague, Mr. Roosevelt,
is paired with Mr. Ambler, of Ohio. If here,
Mr. Roosevelt would vote "no."
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at eleven o'clock atid fifty-five minutes a. m.)
the House adjourned.
petition .
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. PECK: The petition of L. Black,
George W. Moore, and 46 others, soldiers and
citizens of Wood county, Ohio, asking the
passage of a law giving to each soldier, sailor,
and marine who has served in the Union Army
one hundred and sixty aeres of land, without
actual settlement; also, a bounty of $8 33j
per month to all who have not received the
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 19, 1871.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was;
read and approved.
committee service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Carpenter] was yesterday excused from
service uponti.e Committee on Enrolled Bills.
I think he was laboring under a misapprehen-
sion as to the facilities that committee bad and
were to have for the performance of their duties.
I think, therefore, I shall not do injustice to
him, or largely interfere with his wishes, if I
ask to have that vote reconsidered and the
request rejected, so that he may still continue
a member of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the vote by
which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Car-
penter] was excused from further service or
the Committee on Enrolled Bills be recon-
sidered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs oti the motion that the Seft-
