1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
are not. . But permit me to say to that gentle-
man that those men are responsible for every
murder, responsible for every species of out-
rage that is committed in the South. They
are men who, by their evil example, by their
denunciations of Congress, by their abuse of
the President of the United States, and of
all connected with this Government, have
encouraged, aided, and abetted the men who
commit these deeds. They contribute to this
state of things by their social influence, by their
money and the money sent from the northern
Stales—money furnished by Tammany Hall
for the purpose of keeping up these outrages
in order to insure a Democratic triumph in the
South in 1872.
And I- am here to-day to tellyou, in the name
of the loyal men of the South, that it is the
fact that money is sent to the South by the
Democratic party of the North to aid these
men in keeping up this state of lawlessness
for the purpose of overawing the loyal people
there and preventing them from expressing
their preferences at the ballot-box ; that the
number of arms shipped to the southern States,
and which are brought there upon every New
York steamer that arrives, is an evidence of
the fact that these men who have the means,
who have the influence, are responsible for
these outrages, and not the poor, miserable
tools who are their instruments in carrying
them out.
I ask this House, I ask gentlemen on this
side especially, whether they are willing to join
hands with those who propose to-day to relieve
these men of their disabilities ? Are they will-
ing to tell the loyal men of the South, whose
only offense is that they have been true to the
Government, that they have sustained Con-
gress in its just and lawful acts, that they have
maintained the authority of Congress; are gen-
tlemen willing to tell these loyal men that Con-
gress is not disposed to protect them, but, on
the contrary, is willing at their expense to pay
a premium, for disloyalty ?
Sir, I speak not to-day in behalf of the col-
ored loyalists of the South alone. I wish it to
be distinctly understood that I represent here
a constituency composed of men whose com-
plexions are like those of gentlemen around
me as well as men whose complexions are
similar to my own. I represent a constituency
as loyal as the constituency of any other gen-
tleman upon this floor. Those men appeal to
you to-day to do justice to them. They ask
you to protect them by legislation, instead of
placing them under the heel of those men who
have ruled in the South with an iron hand since
the reconstruction acts were passed. Sir, I
come here backed up by a majority as large
probably as that of any gentleman on this floor;
I come here representing a Republican dis-
trict; but unless this Congress^ will aid those
loyal men of the South, unless, instead of pass-
ing propositions of this kind, it will turn its
attention, and that speedily, to the protection
of property and life in the South, the llepub-
lican party in this House cannot expect the
support of those whom I represent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Buckley.]
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Speaker, in a speech
which I had the honor to make in this House
on the 12th day of last March I took the posi-
tion that no good could result from the con-
tinuance of the disqualification of citizens of
the southern States. I have seen no reason
to change that opinion. On the 10th day of
last June, when a proposition was made to
suspend the rules to remove all political dis-
abilities and dispense with the taking of test-
oaths, I voted for that proposition, though
only seven of my party voted with me. Last
September, when the Republican party of my
State met in convention to frame a platform
and nominate its State officers, it adopted as
a part of the platform a resolution which I ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sesolved, That as the party of peace and of equal
rights for all men. we favor universal amaeoty and
the removal of all political disabilities ; and while
yielding obedience to law and order ourselves, we
demand from our opponents submission to law and
the cessation of all intolerance, violence, and out-
rage.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Though I was not a mem-
ber of the convention which adopted thatplat*
form 
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question in reference to the in-
terpretation of the resolution which has just
been read. Is not the demand which the res-
olution makes for peaceful and law-abiding
conduct on the part of political opponents
intended as a condition-precedent to the re-
moval of political disabilities ? Does the gen-
tleman believe his party intended to recom-
mend that political disabilities should first be
removed, and then their opponents be left to
observe the law or not as they might please ?
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Speaker, the conven-
tion which framed that resolution intended that
those two propositions should be separate and
distinct; and I so hold to-day. I shall there-
fore vote for the proposition now introduced
by the gentlemanfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Beck ;]
and in so voting I do not propose to be placed
in the position of ignoring the fact that there
are murders, outrages, and other crimes com-
mitted in the South. Unlike the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stevensox] I intend to judge
each proposition by itself. I vote for this
measure because I believe it to be right. I
believe it to be for the interest not only of the
country but of the party with which I affiliate,
that there should be a general removal of
political disabilities.
I will go as far as the gentleman from Ohio
or any other gentleman on this floor in the
effort to check murder and assassination in
the South; but I do not wish either my polit-
ical friends or my political opponents to under-
stand that I desire to continue political disa-
bilities as a punishment for murder or other
crimes. Mr. Speaker, we never can put down
violence and outrage in the South by the mere
continuance of political disabilities. Those
disabilities have been continued for four or
five years; and if gentlemen propose to defer
the general removal of such disabilities until
peace and order shall be restored in the South
the gentleman from Ohio and myself need not
expect to see such a measure adopted while
we continue to occupy seats on this floor.
I am ready to go " as far as he who goes the
farthest" in urging upon this Congress the duty
of doing something before it adjourns to pro-
tect property and life in the South; to secure
the rights of the humblest citizen there, what-
ever may be his race or color; to make citizens
there as secure as they are beneath the very
shadow of this Capitol. But, sir, I do not pro-
pose to trust to the restraining influences of
political disabilities to secure order and restore
peace in the South.
I shall vote for the pending proposition be-
cause I feel that in doing so I shall act in har-
mony with the Republican party of my State,
and shall be carrying out the instructions which
were given to me by. the convention which
nominated me for a seat in this House. I will
add that I believe the country demands, and
that we at the South have a right to demand,
that this Congress shall do something to enforce
the execution of law in the South. But that
is a separate and distinct proposition. I shall
support and urge such a, proposition. 1 shall
ask every member of this House to go with me
in adopting, before this session closes, a meas-
ure to secure peace and order in the South, if
need be, by the strong arm of the Federal
power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I have been
requested by several gentlemen to yield to
them for five minutes. First, I will yield to
the gentlemen from Missouri [Mr. Blair] for
five minutes, and next to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Platt.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker,
these political disabilities, I understand, were
imposed because that was believed to be essen-
tial to the preservation of the Union. In the
rebellious States their officers were likewise
deprived of the privilege of holding office
under this Government, and I understand the.
reason for that at the time was that it was
believed the influence of those men in exer-
cising office might be injurious to the perpetu-
ation of this Union. If, therefore, there is
now no longer any danger to the Union from
those men there can be no longer any reason
why the ballot should be withheld from them.
Nor can there any longer be any reason why
they should not hold office. They were looked
upon as dangerous to the Government; and
now, after the cause of that fear has passed
away, there is no longer any reason to deprive
them of these privileges. As long as there
was a symptom or appearance of danger to the
Union I rallied with the Republican party of
the State, to the end that those men should
not have the rights of which they have been
deprived.
I have stood by the Republican party in all
its movements to perpetuate and perfect the
Union. I have stood, by them in elevating
the race which the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Elliott] represents on this
floor. I have stood by them as long as there
was an effort on the part of disloyal men to
strike down and deprive that race of their lib-
erties. I fought steadily with the party with
which I was associated in defense of that race.
To-day what do we see upon this floor? When
the loyal people of the country, when the Re-
publican party of the country, have elevated
that race to the highest position known to the
laws of the land, they come here by men of
their color, upon the floor of this House, and
ask us still longer to degrade and humiliate the
white people of this country, and that, too,
without any cause; that, too, without any rea-
son; that, too, without any good resulting
from withholding the removal of these political
disabilities.
I would appeal to the Republicans of this
House; I would appeal to the colored Rep-
resentatives here to say why the withhold-
ing of this measure to-day, refusing to remove
these disabilities, will remedy the evil of which
they speak in the southern States ? They have
been hu miliated, they have been degraded there
for years; but still murder, arson, and dis-
loyalty of all kinds are running riot in that
country. It but satisfies me, as I have no
doubt it will every gentleman in this House,
that this is no remedy for wrongs existing in
those States to-day; and if it is no remedy, if
it does not prevent murders being committed,
if it does not prevent depredations in the south-
ern States, why should we longer withhold
these rights ? If gentlemen could show any
good reason for it, if they could show that the
withholding of these privileges to-day would
stop the murders and assassinations in the
southern States, I would go with them against
removing these political disabilities. But, sir,
until that is done I think it is unjust to with-
hold from them this measure of amnesty.
Mr. DE LARGE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I wish to vote with him, and
therefore would like to be informed whether,
after passing this bill for the relief of political
disabilities, he will use his best endeavors with
us to secure the passage immediately afterward
of some measure for the protection of the loyal
people of the South?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I will answer that
by saying that I will conscientiously do every-
thing which I can do under my oath to support
the Constitution of the country. I would pass
a law to hang every ICu Klux in the southern
States. That is what I would do; but when it
comes to a constitutional question I have my
conscience and my judgment to consult.
