104
Ml CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. DE LARGE. I should like to have the
gentleman give us a direct answer.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am willing to
give a direct answer. I am willing to grant to
the loyal people of the South, so far as I am
concerned, every possible protection which they
have the right to ask.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr, Pi.att,]
Mr. PLATT. In voting for the bill offered
,by the gentleman from 'Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
'for the removal of disabilities from those on
whom they are yet imposed in the South, with
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] I am only endeavor-
ing to carry out the principles which I have
constantly advocated in Virginia since the
formation there of the Republican party. I
am carrying out the instructions of the Repub-
lican party of the State of Virginia. I am
carrying out the instructions of the platform
on which I was nominated by a Republican
constituency in that State. I am carrying out
the wishes and feelings not only of the white
men whom I have the honor to represent, bat
also almost without exception those of every
colored man who lives in the district I repre-
sent in Virginia.
And let me say, sir, to my friend from South
Carolina [Mr. Elliott] that I believe he will
find there, as we have found in Virginia, that
if he will adopt the same principles and the
same platform there for his political party
which we have adopted in my State he will
find the same beneficial results flowing from
that policy as we have experienced.
Let me call the attention of iny friend from
South Carolina to the position of matters in
my district to-day. I do not do this for the
purpose of contrasting my district particularly
with that of any other gentleman, but for the
purpose of showing—and 1 have facts and
figures to show for my statement and for my
belief—that the policy we advocate and have
carried out will go further to give loyal men and
colored men all over the South all the lights
and liberties guarantied to thein than the policy
which is advocated by the gentleman from South
Carolina. I do not agree with the gentleman
from South Carolina in what he has said in
regard to the character of the men who are
affected by these disfranchisements. The men
who are laboring under disabilities in South
Carolina may comprise the class the gentleman
has referred to, but in Virginia they do not
comprise that class. But'we have in every com-
tmlnity this class of cases: we have men who
were loyal men all their lives. Most of them
were adherents of the old Whig party; men
who did all they could to keep the State from
going into secession, and who foughtthat heresy
up to the time the State was precipitated into
war by the men who carried Virginia into rebel-
lion, and who, I am thankful to be able to
say, belonged almost without exception to
the Democratic party.
Those men fought secession almost to the
last moment, and after the State was precip-
itated into secession they only yielded in part.
Many of them Were old men, who took no ac-
tive part or participation in the rebellion. Still
Uiey are unable to swear that they did not
sympathize with those who took an active part.
1 erhaps they held some little office, or in other
ways gave aid directly or indirectly to men
who were in armed rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Mow, these men
are not disfranchised because of their partici-
pation in rebellion against the Government.
They are disfranchised not for any crime,
but because they held office before the war,
which was no crime. And alongside of these
men will be found others who were original
secessionists, who did all they possibly could
to force Virginia into rebellion and afterward
did all they possibly could to destroy the Gov-
ernment of the United States and make the
rebelhou a success; and who to-day are as
rebellious in their hearts as they were when
the war was progressing. Yet those men are
not disfranchised. And why? Because they
never held any office before the war. I say,
therefore, that the disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment are unjust in principle,
because that amendment does not disfranchise
a man for crime, but allows the man who com-
mitted the crime to go without any punish-
ment, without any responsibility, and only says
that where the man held an office before the
war he shall be disfranchised.
Now, sir, the Republican party in my dis-
trict have for four years—and that is the point
to which I wish to call the attention of the
gentleman from South Carolina—consistently
advocated the removal of all political disabil-
ities, and that the removal of political disabil-
ities should go hand in hand with all the rights
and privileges that are conferred upon the col-
ored people by the amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States. We say, in other
words, to these gentlemen, "Here are certain
rights and privileges conferred by the Consti-
tution of the United States, as amended, and
by the Congress of the United States, through
the Republican party   
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PLATT. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to allow me five minutes more.
Mr. BECK. How much time have I left?
The8PEAKER. The gentleman has twenty
minutes.
Mr. BECK. I yield three minutes more to
the gentleman.
Mr. PLATT. We say to these gentlemen,
" There are certain rights and privileges which
we claim for ourselves, and certain rights and
privileges which we claim for every colored
man in this State and country. These rights
have been guarantied to them by the Consti-
tution of the United States. We are going to
have those rights if it takes the last drop of
blood in our veina to secure them; we are
going to have them if we have to fight four
years more for them, as we have fought four
years for them already. But when we demand
these rights of.you we demand nothing for
ourselves that we are not willing to confer
upon you ; we are willing to give to every man
the same rights we ask for ourselves, provided
he has not forfeited his rights by some viola-
tion of the statute laws of the Slate or of the
country in which he lives."
Now, I say that it is too late to attempt to
punish men for what they did in the rebellion.
That time has passed. It is too late to de-
mand retribution or punishment for the past.
If Congress intended to punish men for parti-
cipation in the rebellion Lhey should have done
it at the time of the rebellion, or at the close
of the rebellion. But they did not see fit to do
it; and I say to-day thatit is too late to attempt
to do it now, and that the true policy of the
Republican party and of this Congress is to
extend to all men at the South all the rights of
citizenship, and to secure to all men at the
South all the rights of citizenship, if it takes
as large a force to do it as it took to put down
the original rebellion. I will vote with the
gentleman from South Carolina and other
gentlemen on this side of the House, and I
hope with many on the other side of the House,
for such measures as shall give protection to life
and property in the South and secure to every
man the rights which the Constitution has
guarantied to him.
I hope that these two measures may go to-
gether. And in answer to the question asked
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
I)e Large,] who stated his purpose to vote for
the bill, I desire to say that while lam in favor
of the bill of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] with the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, [Mr. Polaxd,] I will
gladly, upon the first opportunity, vote for
any measure that may be brought up here to
promote peace and tranquillity in the South
and protect the lives of loyal man.
Mr. SHANKS. Can the gentleman control
the gentlemen upon the other side of the
House upon that question? Can he control
one single man of those with whom he is work-
ing here to-day. The gentleman is standing
here to-day and speaking ip favor of letting
loose upon those people their murderers, and
is helping the men who help those murderers,
and is not helping loyal men.
Mr. PLATT. I do not stand here attempt-
ing to do any such thing.
Mr. SHANKS. You do it. That is the
result of your work ; and those with whom
you act now will abandon you in the bill to
protect the southern loyal people.
Mr. PLATT. I claim the floor, and de-
cline to be interrupted. Let me say to the
gentleman from Indiana that I do not either
advocate or vote for any such thing; but I do
vote for what he does not vote for, to have
tranquillity and peace in the South.
Mr. SHANKS. There is not a soldier in
the country in favor of this bill.
Mr. PLATT. I served during the war as
well as the gentleman did. I was a soldier,
and did all I could to put down the rebellion,
and I speak for a great many other men of
the same kind. I vote to restore peace and
tranquillity to the South, while you, sir, vote
to perpetuate hate, discord, and murder.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BECK. I now yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I did not in-
tend or expect to say a word upon this subject.
It has been largely, and, I think, sufficiently
debated in several Congresses; but as I moved
the amendment, I may be allowed to say a word
or two in reference to it. I would myself be
entirely willing to vote for the bill as it was
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky. I
do not vote to remove the disabilities of these
men on account of any merit of theirs. They
well enough deserve to labor under these dis-
abilities. If 1 could have had my way origin-
ally, some of the leaders of this secession
movement should have been punished to the
very extremity of legal punishment. And, in
my judgment, the great mistake that was made
in this whole business was that some summary
punishment was not inflicted upon them at the
very time they offended.
Bat all that has gone by. The question now
is, What is best to be done for the peace of the
country? As statesmen we are to look at
things as they are. What is the best course
to be taken in order to create and maintain
peace and tranquillity in the country? I
believe that all these disabilities and test-
oaths and things of that sort are only causes
of irritation ; they are mere blisters that only
serve to irritate and annoy and to keep up
these very disturbances of which we complain.
Therefore, if I had my own way about it, if
I could have the thing precisely as I would, J
would vote for the naked bill as first presented.
But I know something of the sentiment of the
people of the North upon this subject; I be-
lieve that I know it as well as most men who
live in the North. And I know that among
my constituents, and among the people of the
North generally this idea still exists: that the
leaders in this wicked rebellion ought to be
punished in some way or other; and the only
thing that is left is to keep these disabilities
upon them. It is for that purpose I have
moved this amendment, because I know that
nothing short of this will be satisfactory to our
people. They will not be content, they will
not be satisfied, that Mr. Jefferson Davis and
some of these other leading gentlemen of this
secession and rebellious movement shall be
relieved of their disabilities. And it is for
that purpose I have offered this amendment.
As I said in the outset, I do not believe that
we are doing anybody any good by keeping up
disabilities even to the extant proposed by my
amendment. I believe they are iiothing but
sources of irritation ; they serve keep these
