1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
three of said amendment, after the word "bedding,"
insert "if such there be;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the fifty-ninth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
•with ,mi amendment, as follows: strike out the word
" last'" in said House amendment, and insert in lieu
th"r<jnf the word" present ;"a'so, strike out the word
"five'and insert the word "six;" andthe^IIouso
agree to tne simie.
'T1j;U the Senate recede from their disagreement
to th« first clause of the amendment of the House to
thu sixtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the
And that the Senate ngree to the second clause of
said amendment of the House, with the following
amendments: in line fourteen of snid clause, after
the word " presented," insert the following words :
"by loyal citizens from said State of Tennessee, and
from said counties of Berkeley and J cfi'erson;"and by
a i'ur l her amendment of said clause, as follows: strike
out the word "thereof,"' in line sixteen, and insert
in hen the following words: "of said act creating
said commissioners ot claims;" and that the House
recede Irotn the third clause of their amendment to
said sixtieth amendment of the Senate, and the Sen-
ate agree to the fourth clause of said House amend-
ment tu the sixtieth amendment, in the following
words: "for covering the steam pipes in the Capitol
with fire-proof non-conducting felting, $S,C00."
That theSenate recede from theirdisagreement to
the several amendments of the House to the twenty-
fourth, twenty-sixth, thirty-fifth, forty-third, forty-
fourth, forty-eighth, fifty-first, and fifty-second
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
They recommend that line twenty-two, page 2, of
the hill be amended by inserting after the word
"deficiency" in the said line the words "in the
appropriations for the service of the independent
Trensnryand that the words "for the support of
the District ot Columbia for the fiscal year ending
June 80,1872," be inserted a* a sub-heading just pre-
ceding the amendments of the Senate numbered 14,
15,16, and 17, they being appropriations for that pur-
pose.
They recommend thattho words " Assistant Treas-
urer" be substituted for the word " depository," in
the sixth amendment.
C. COLE.
KOSCOE CONKLING.
JOHN SCOTT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
H. L. DAWES,
B.C. COOK,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House,
Mr. COLE. I rise simply for the purpose of
moving the concurrence of the Senate in the
conference committee report. I will not de-
tain the Senate by any explanation, unless
some Senator is desirous of an explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I suppose the com-
mittee have left out that proposition about
furnishing attorneys and witnesses to the
southern claims commission 1
Mr. COLE. That is left out.
Mr. EDMONDS. Explain the rest of it.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee what is the pro-
vision there in regard to the District Colum-
bia ? I heard something in regard to the Dis-
trict.
Mr. HILL. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the committee what was done in regard
to what is known as the Drake amendment? Is
there anything in the bill in regard to that?_
Mr. COLE. There is nothing in the bill
relating to that subject whatever. The amend-
ment relating to the District of Columbia is in
addition to what is known in the bill as the
seventeenth amendment, which is very brief,
and is as follows:
For compensation of the board of public works of
thoDistiict of Columbia, $10,u00.
To that we add :
And said board shall be held to bo an existing
eoard for all the purposes specified in the act to
provide a government for the District of Columbia,
from and alter the appointment aDd Qualification of
Che members tlicreot.
There is no objection to it whatever. If my
friend from Vermont will specify any partic-
ular point upon which he is in doubt, I shall
be glad to make allusion to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are no points
xbout which I am in doubt, but unhappily
Aere arc a good many points about which T
am in certainty. They are wrong. I will ask
jay friend to tell us flatly and plainly what he
has done about this extraordinary claun from
ike State of South Carolina for the Sisters of
Mercy for a destroyed building that stands
now three stories high.
Mr. COLE. My friend is, I think, aware
that I always state flatly and plainly whatever
I have to state in regard to an appropiiation
bill. The proposition is modified to the ex-
tent of making an appropriation of $12,000
for the payment of the Sisters of Mercy of
Charleston, South Carolina, for injuries done
by our military forces during the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are we to have a receipt
in full?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The other $8,000 are to
be paid hereafter.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Illinois can
very readily get a receipt in full on the pay-
ment of the money.
Mr. TKUMBULL. Is that provided in the
bill?
Mr. COLE. There is no such provision in
the bill specially ; but I suppose it will be re-
garded as a receipt in full. I feel certain that
no Sisters of Mercy, or anybody else for them,
will ever undertake the very difficult task of
getting any appropriation of the kind through
Congress again. They have been at it now
ever since the close of the war and they have
succeeded at last in part, I believe. The com-
mittee on the part of the House were exceed-
ingly anxious to retain this appropriation, and
it was modified so as to conform as far as pos-
sible to the views of the branch of the commit-
tee representing this body.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him one moment. I will state
for the information of my friend from Ver-
mont that, however incommensurate I may
think this appropriation is with the object to
which it is to be applied, I shall never make
an effort again to overcome the resistance
which he so persistently offers to a measure
of so much magnanimity and justice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. #The Senator from South
Carolina says he will never make an effort; but
what about his successor; I trust there will
never be one, [laughter,] but, then, there may
be.
Mr. President, this claim, which I regard
as wholly unfounded, wholly unprecedented,
wholly unjust, is pushed in by my honorable
friend from South Carolina, who does what he
conceives to be his simple duty; but it is
pushed by a system of lobbying such as I have
never had the opportunity of observing before,
and I hope I never shall again. And I wish
to tell my friend from South Carolina—for I
suppose these persons are to get these $12,000
of the people's money which they are not
entitled to—that this will not be the last of it,
and that the same power that over hiin and in
spite of him has been to everybody in this Cap-
itol and everybody everywhere else who could
be supposed to be influenced, will continue, as
its mission is, to press with untiring zeal the
getiing of all that they choose to get.
Now, I have not the least idea that we can
disagree to this report on the ground that the
United Statesare only wronged out of $12,000.
That would be asking too much. If you are
only to wrong the United States out of $12,000
you had better give it up. But here the thing
is 
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will yield
to mo a moment, I should like to make a state-
ment here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. As the Senator from
California stated, the managers on the part of
the House were so strenuous in regard to this
item that they affirmed that under the votes
and under the instructions of the House, they
would not feel at liberty to agree to any report
whatever unless it contained it. They said,
however, that they disclaimed for themselves
and for the House all idea thatthis was a claim
for compensation or allowed in that way at all;
that they regarded it as exceptional legislation,
rather in the nature of a donation, of a bene-
faction, not resting at all upon the theory of a
claim; and they stated further that those for
whose benefit it was to be given themselves dis-
claimed all idea of making it as a claim. There-
fore the managers on the part of the Senate
agreed to it in that light, the practical alter-
native being whether we should agree to this
reduced sum being paid, not as a claim, but as
a benefaction, or whether we should lose the
bill. The latter-alternative we did not feel at
liberty to embrace.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it comes to this,
Mr. President, that if the House of Represent-
atives, in passing a deficiency bill, or a pension
bill, or whatever name this nondescript per-
formance may be called by, chooses to say to
us that they will not pass appropriations for
necessary and proper objects of public expend-
itures unless we will pass other appropriations
for other objects of expenditure that we do not
believe in, we must submit or they will break
the whole thing down. I do not see but that
it is an entire surrender of all the rights the
Senate has been supposed to have over the
appropriation of public money. They can say
it on every bill. It would be precisely like our
saying to the House on a bill that has met with
considerable discussion, and which I need not
refer to by name, where we wish to go fur-
ther than the House do in a certain direction,
although we are willing to go as far as they do
upon certain topics, unless they will also agree
to a fresh subject of consideration, a fresh sub-
ject of legislation, we will not have anything
at all; and on the same principle that the Sen-
ator has stated to be that ot the House we
should be justified in breaking down entirely
the bill enforcing the fourteenth amendment
because the House does not choose to go as far
as we do in undertaking to protect life and
property in the southern States.
If that is the view of the Senate, so be it.
I only wish to-say (because I have no idea
that this report will be disagreed to) that we
make a fatal mistake, as it respects our rights
and our duties, if we allow the House of Rep-
resentatives or anybody else to compel us to
go for a provision that we are not in favor of
in an appropriation bill at the expense or upon
the threat of breaking down other appropria-
tions that both Houses agree ought to be made.
I do not mean to say that the Senate may not
be in favor of this very appropriation. I am
only stating the principle.
Mr. CONKLING. Does it not occur in
every case ot conference ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it does not oc-
cur in every case of a conference. The prin-
ciple, upon which I have always acted in con-
ference, and I think a sound and just and
honest principle, is, that neither House is jus-
tified in insisting upon putting upon an appro-
priation bill any provision for public expendi-
ture which the other House is not willing or
cannot be brought to agree to, and that neither
House is justified in breaking down all other
appropriations upon which both Houses do
agree because one House threatens that it will
break them all down unless it can have its
way. It interferes with the privileges of each
House. I have never insisted upon it in the
few conference committees that I have been
intrusted with in favor of the Senate and
against, the House. I have always insisted as
strongly as I could, and I think I may say with
something of success, that the House ot Rep-
resentatives should not be allowed to do that
thing to us.
But 1 only mention this as pntting in an
humble protest against our being committed
to submit to improper expenditures because
the House say they will not make pioper
expenditures that both Houses agree to unless
we consent to make improper ones which they
wish. That is all I wish to say, and 1 say it
not with a view ot' opposing the adoption of
this report, because I must suppose the Sen-
ate will adopt it. but as putting in, fdr one,
