106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
the House is the gentleman's motion to recon-
sider, and would it not be ia order to move to
lay that motion on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It would. If the motion
to reconsider prevail, it will bring the bill
before the House to be acted on.
Mr. ELDRIDG-E. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Kentucky to allow the debate to
proceed, with the understanding that the bill
shall be considered to be beforg the House and
the vote taken at four o'clock, the debate to
be limited to ten minutes' speeches.
Mr. BECK. With the understanding that
the bill shall be voted on without amendment,
I have no objections.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection to
that if I be allowed to offer one amendment.
Mr. BECK. That would open the door to
everything, or else invidious distinctions would
have to be made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky declines to allow further amendments to
be offered.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I decline to con-
sent to any arrangement as to extending the
time for debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] is entitled to five minutes.
Mr. BECK. I do not desire to make a
speech, but I know that there are gentlemen
on the other side of the House who, perhaps,
suppose that this bill has been brought for-
ward with the view of aiding, in some way, the
Democratic party. I desire to say to all such
that I have no such object. I believe, what
many gentlemen on the other side of the House
believe, that the removal of disabilities would
do more to restore harmony all over the south-
ern States than any other thing that can be
done. I have been on the Reconstruction Com-
mittee for four years ; and I know that very
many gentlemen on the Republican side of the
House have made pledges in regard to remov-
ing disabilities in particular cases which they
have been unable to fulfill, the responsibility
of which is on the other side, as we have always
voted for all relief asked; and I know also
that while men as deeply involved aa any men
could be in the war have been relieved, those
who held petty offices, or are poor, modest,
without influence and friends here, are still
held under the ban of an odious proscription
which ought to be removed—will be if this bill
is allowed to pass.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the gentleman will
allow me to interrupt him, I desire to say that,
at the request of friends on this side, I have
agreed to withdraw my proposition to amend
as a condition of agreeing to the proposition
in regard to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will then re-
state the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] that debate be
continued under the ten-minute rule until-—
Mr. SHANKS. I renew the proposition to
amend.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the arrangement in regard to debate ?
Mr. SHANKS. Yes; unless the bill is
open to amendment.
Mr. BECK. I am glad the objection does
not come from this side of the House. We are
willing to debate this measure for any length
of time. I was about to say that, while I
believed the removal of disabilities from all
men would injure no one, I was willing, in
order to secure the passage of the bill, to
accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Potand] striking out, as itdoes,
all who left their seats to take part with the
South, all who left the Army or Navy for that
purpose, or who, being members of State con-
ventions, voted for ordinances of secession, and
relieving only the class of men not so obnox-
ious as those, and who have not been relieved
already, which I had hoped would meet with
the hearty concurrence of gentlemen on all
sides of this House; but I see I am mistaken.
Why, sir, gentlemen here sit quietly by, and
from day to day silently grant unanimous con-
sent to removing the disabilities of individuals.
That is an admission that the thing now pro-
posed ought to be done, and that it should be
done in this way. Peddling out pardons, one,
two, or three, or it may be ten or twenty, at a
time, in the manner we have been doing it, is,
as I have said before, unworthy of the Ameri-
can Congress. There is nothing to be made
by withholding this concession. Even if you
have the power, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] has said, to withhold
this, I ask, what do you make by it? Not a
man who is under disability now, from having
held any of those offices, has ever been proven
or suspected to belong to any Ku Klux organ-
ization. At the same time, by refusing .them
this justice, and putting them in opposition to
you, as an oppressed and degraded class, not-
withstanding their position and influence at
home, you do all in your power to keep them
from standing by the peace officers and aiding
them in maintaining the laws. After they are
treated as other citizens are they will be more
prompt and feel under more obligations to be
active and energetic in maintaining peace and
order.
Permit me, rather than trouble you with my
own views, again to refer to what Mr. Burke,
speaking on a subject very analogous to this,
conciliation with America, has said. I call
the attention of gentlemen on both sides, es-
pecially that of the two gentlemen from Mas-
sachusetts, to his language, which I think will
commend itself to the judgment of the House.
He says:
"I know many have been taught to think that
moderation in a case like this is a sort of treason,
and that all arguments for it are sufficiently an-
swered by railing at rebels and rebellion, and by
charging all the present or future miseries which we
may suffer on the resistance of our brethren. But I
would wish, then, in this grave matter, and if peace
is not wholly removed from their hearts, to consider
seriously that to criminate and recriminate never
yet was the road to reconciliation in any difference
among mon." "■ * - "If measures of
peace are necessary, they must begin somewhere,
and a conciliatory temper must precede and prepare
every plan of reconciliation. Nor do I conceive
that we suffer anything by thus regulating our own
minds. We are not disarmed by being disincum-
bered of our passions. Declaiming on rebellion
never added a bayonot or a charge of powder to
your military forces but I am afraid it has hccn the
moans oi taking up many muskets against you."
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] especially to take notice of that;
he seems to need that advice. And I think
the House will see the wisdom of the follow-
ing passage, which I shall now read:
" The question with me is not whether you have a
right to render your people miserable, but whether
it is not your interest to make them happy. It is
not what a lawyer tells mo I inay do, but what hu-
manity, reason, andjustieo tell me I ought to do. Is
a politic act the worse for being a generous one ?
Is no concession proper butthat which is made from
your want of right to keep what you grant? Or does
it lessen the grace or dignity of relaxing in the exer-
cise of an odious claim because you have your evi-
(ience-room full of titles, and your magazines stuffed
with arms to enforco them ? What signify all those
titles and all those arms? Of what avail are they
when the reason of the thing tells mc that the asser-
tion of my title is the loss of my suit, and that I
could do nothing but wound myself by the use ofiny
own weapons ?"
That is precisely what we ought to consider ;
that is just what the Republican party is doing.
You are injuring yourselves by giving men an
excuse to oppose you all over the South I
demand the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to submit a
proposition.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to further
debate unless we can have it upon this side
of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD, Before the question is
put upon seconding the previous question, I
desire to know, if the previous question be
seconded how soon will it exhaust itself?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be ordered upon the motion to reconsider, of
course the vofe must first be had upon the
motion to reconsider, and the previous ques-
tion will not exhaust itself until the vote upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. MAYNARD. And no further amend-
ments can be offered ?
The SPEAKER. No further amendments
can be offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make
this proposition to the House : that the debate
shall run along now on the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. The first vote will be upon
the motion to reconsider. Should the House
vote to reconsider, the question then will be
upon the motion to refer the bill. That mo-
tion will have to be voted upon as if the pre-
vious question be operating, the gentleman will
not be allowed to withdraw it. If that motion
shall be negatived, and the House refuse to
refer the bill, they will be brought immediately
to a vote upon ordering it to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. DICKEY. Is it in order to move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order pending the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. DICKEY. I make that motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
not got the floor to make it. If I can have an
opportunity now to state my proposition it is
that the debate shall be permitted to run until
four o'clock, under the ten-minutes rule.
Mr. DICKEY. Has the gentlemen from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] the floor for any
proposition?
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is the only gentleman at this moment
entitled to the floor. The Chair is allowing
this conversation to run on by general consent.
Mr. BECK. I object to any motion of that
sort.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided .
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 115, not voting
23; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Beatty,
(xeorge M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
l< vi T? *D A1. T5 T> /i .
-1-M.njiioii, .uatxitfs, vuaries .tostcr,
J rye, Garfield, Harmer, Havens, Hawley, Gerry W.
Hazleton, John W. Hazleton, Hoar, Kelley, Killin-
ger, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard,
McGrary, McGrew, McJunkin, Merriam, Monroe,
Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Par-
ker, Peek, Pendleton, Peters, Porter, Prindle, Ramey,
Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scoficld, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Shcllabarger, Shoemaker, H. Board-
man Smith, John A, Smith, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Taffe, Washington
lownsend, .Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Walden, Wal-
dron, "Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Will&rd, Williams
ot Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
sonj-85.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll, Commaro, Cook, Cox, Crebs,
Oritcher, Crossland, Davis, De Large, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Pinkeln-
burg, Worker, Henry D. Poster, Garrett, Getz, Uol-
laday, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, llalsey, Hambla-
r0^' manr$ y? Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris,
John £ Harris, Hay, Hereford, Hill, Holman, Ken-
dall, Kerr. King, Kinsella, Latnison, Leach, Lewis,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCorniick, Mc-
Henry, Mclntyrc, McKinncy, Merrick, Benjamin
Jj . .Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morgan, Mor-
phis, hiblack, 131i Perry. Piatt.Poland, Potter, Price,
Randall, Read, Ldward Y. ilice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers,
Roosevelt, bheldon, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Slop*,
\Vorthmgton C. Smith, R.Milton Spcer, Xliomas j.
Speer, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry,
Thomas Tuthill, Van Trump, Vauah<tn, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wakeman. Warren, Wells, Whiteley,
Whitthorne, Williams of New York, Wood, and
Young—115.
. VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry, Aus-
tin Blair, Clarke, Ihirrall, Goodrich, Hays, Hooper,
Ketcham, McKee, McNeely, Mercur, Neglcy. Perce,
Aaron 1. Perry, Sherwood, Snyder. Sypher, Dwight
lownsend, lurner, Washburn, and Winchester—23.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider on tfie table.
