1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider; and being put, the motion was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon tlie motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary
when appointed.
Mr. BECK. I move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
shall be sustained, it will not exhaust itself
until the engrossment and third reading of the
bill. The Chair would suggest to the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] that, if he
will withdraw the motion to refer, it will sim-
plify the action of the House upon this subject.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw the motion to refer,
and call the previous question upon the engross-
ment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Should the House refuse
to second the previous question, will this bill
then be open to debate and amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] now a part of this bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that any amendment to the bill has been
adopted by the House.
Mr. BECK. I accept it as a part of the bill.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that unanimous
consent was<given the other day to the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to introduce
this bill and have it referred. The bill having
been introduced and referred by unanimous
consent, I raise the point of order that the gen-
tleman has no right, except by unanimous
consent, to withdraw his motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I- desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. Is the amendment offered
by the honorable gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Polakd] now pending as an amendment
to this bill ?
Mr. BECK. I am willing to accept it as a
part of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for
the gentleman to accept it as a part of the bill,
but he can allow it to be offered so that the
House can vote upon it.
Mr. BECK. I will do so.
Mr. DAWES. As this bill is one intro-
duced by the gentleman himself, and not a bill
reported from a committee, is it not competent
for him to modify it before a vote is taken
upon it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not, and
for this reason : the bill was introduced, read
a first and second time, and then ordered to
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
when appointed. The motion was then made
to reconsider the order of reference. The
House might be perfectly willing to reconsider
the order in regard to that particular bill, but
not be willing to do so if it was understood
that the gentleman might modify it after it was
brought back before the House. The propri-
ety of the fact must be evident that the gentle-
man must submit to the vote of the House any
proposed modification of his bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Has the bill actually been
reierred to a committee before the motion to
reconsider the reference has been decided or
before the time has elapsed when the motion
to reconsider could be made?
The SPEAKER. That is not the point. The
gentleman parted with his possession of the
bill. What takes place afterward with the bill
must be by a vote of the majority of the House.
The gentleman has no right himself to modify
the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. As I understand it, the
motion now is for the previous question upon
the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and the amendment
thereto moved by the honorable gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. POLAND.]
The SPEAKER. That is the motion now
pending.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 81, noes 73.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. STEVENSON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck and
Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes one hundred
and eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, the
first question being upon the amendment moved
by Mr. Poland.
Mr. LYNCH. Upon that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 58,
not voting 43, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Barbor,
Beatty, Beck, Bigby, Binghain, Bird, Austin Blair,
James G. Blair, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Con-
ger, Cook, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Dox, Bunnell, Karnes,
SUnkelnburg, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Gar-
rett, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, llalscy. llambieton,
Harper, George ,1'j. Harris. Hay, Gerry W. Hnzleton,
Hill, Ilolman, Hooper, Kerr, Kctcham, Killinger,
King, Kinsella, Leach, Lewis. Lowe, Lynch, Man-
son, Maynard, McClelland, MeCormick, McCrary,
McHcnry, MeKiuney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitch-
ell, Monroe.Moore, Morey,Morgan,LeonardMyers,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Eli
Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Prindle, Randall, Ed-
ward Y. Rice, William R. Roberts. Rogers, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Worthington C.Smith, R. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Storm,
Stowell, St. John, Sypher, Thomas, Washington
Townsend, tulhul, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wad-
dell, Wakeman.'Walden, Waldron, Warren. Wells,
Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Williams
of New York, and John X. AVilson—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Biggs,
Benjamin P. Butler, Coburn, Creely. Crossland,
Dawes, De Large, Dickey, Duell, Eldridge, Elliott,
Farwell, Charles Foster, Getz, Golladay, Ilandley,
Hanks, Harmer, Havens, Hnwley, John W. Hazle-
ton, Hereford, Hoar, Kelley, Kendall, Lansing, Mc-
Grew, McJunkin, Merriam, Merrick, Morphis, Orr,
Parker, Perce, Porter, Price, Rainey, Read. John
M. Rice, Ritchie. Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson,
Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sloss, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Swann, Taffe, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wallace, Walls, and Wheeler—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Braxton, Bright, Clarke, Cobb, Critchcr, Darrall,
Davis, Donnan, DuBose, Duke, Ely, Farnsworth,
lforker, Goodrich, John T. Harris, Hays, Lamison,
Lamport, Marshall, Mclntyce, McKee, MeNeely,
Mercur, Negley, Niblack, Aaron P. Perry, Potter,
Sherwood, Snyder. Sutherland, Terry. Dwight
Townsend, Turner, Vaughan, Washburn, Wliit-
thorne, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll call,
Mr. GARRETT, having voted in the nega-
tive, said: I change my vole from the negative
to the affirmative, simply stating that while
under the circumstances I am constrained to
support this amendment, I am opposed to con-
tinuing for one day longer the disabilities of
any single man.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question recurred on ordering the bill,
as amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. Does this motion require
for its adoption a two-thirds vote or a mere
majority?
The SPEAKER. The adoption of this motion
will not require two thirds.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, would it not
be better to take the yeas and nays oil the pas-
sage of the bill ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The question being on the passage of the
bill,
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays. "
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 120, nays 82, not voting 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, J ames G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Buckley, Burchard;
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Cook, Cox,
Crebs, Criteher, Crossland, Davis, De Large, Dox,
Du Bose, Duke, "Eldridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Par-
well, Pinkelnburg, Porker, Henry D. Foster, Prye,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale,
Halsey, Hambleton, Handley, Hanks, Harper.George
E. Harris, JohnT. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Hill, Hol-
man, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall. McClelland, Mc-
Cormiek, McGrew.McHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, ■
Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Niblack, Perce, Eli
Perry, Piatt, Poland, "Potter, Price, Randall.Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sheldon,
Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum. Sloss,Worthing-
ton C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher. Terry,
Thomas, Tuthill, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wadael!,
Wakeman, Warren, Wells. Whiteley, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York, Wood, and Young—120.
NAYS—Messis. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Beatty,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buffinton.Burdett,
Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Coburn,
Conger, Cotton, Creely, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan,
Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Klliott, Charles Poster, Gar-
field, Harmer, Havens, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazleton.
John W. Hazleton, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Ketcham,
Killmger, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Crary, MeJunkin, Merriam, Monroe, Leonard My-
ers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Peters, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Falls H,
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seofield, Seeley, Sessions.
Shanks, Shellabarger, II. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Spraguc, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell,
St. John, Talfe, Washington Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Walden, ATaldron. Wallace, Walls,
Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T.Wilson—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Ames, Banks, Barry,
Clarke, Cobb, Darrall, Goodrich, Hays, Lamport,
McKee, McNcely, Mercur, Negley, Aaron F. Perry,
Sherwood, Snyder, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Van
Trump, Washburn, and Winchester—21.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the bill was not passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. SYPHER. My colleague, Mr. Darrall,
is confined to his room by sickness. If he were
here he would vote "ay."
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague, Mr. Mc-
Nebly, who is necessarily absent, is paired
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr.
Negley. My colleague, if here, would vote
for the passage of this bill.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House joint
resolution of the following title:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 4) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to turn over certain
property to the managers of the Industrial
Home School of the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 179) to amend an act to
establish the Smithsonian Institution for the
increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men, approved August 10, 1840;
An act (S. No. 178) for the relief of Nich-
olas P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guad-
alupe Hidalgo ;
An act (S. No. 177) to provide for the reis-
sue of national banknotes, and for other pur-
poses ;
An act (S. No. 119) to farther regulate the
publication of the specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office ; and
An act (S. No. 74) relating to moneys paid
into the courts of the United States.
order 01? business.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a privileged
question.
Mr. BECK, I hope my bill will be referred
to the Comniittee on the Judiciary, and that
