1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
as I have no doubt ray friend from Ohio and
all other Senators are. Let us come back at
half past seven o'clock this evening, and it
will take us but a little while to dispose of the
business we have to do.
Mr. CA.SSIili.LY. Is this motion for a
recess debatable?
The PR.ES I DENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I should like to say
something about it. Mr. President, I believe
it is notconsidered the usual thing for Congress
to' adjourn a session in the night-time. I
think that, in conformity with the usual prac-
tice of Congress, and probably under the pres-
sure of existing business, we shall not be able
to adjourn before some time to-morrow under
the most favorable circumstauces, and conse-
quently there will have to be a session of the
Senate to-morrow for a longer or shorter
period of time.
The Senators who attended here will remem-
ber how wearisome and how protracted was
the session yesterday. It extended beyond
midnight. We went home weary, and got up
this morning but little refreshed. I do not
know of anything in the condition of public
business so pressing as to require us to repeat
the same kind of sitting this evening. 1 trust
that the Senators of the majority, whose vote
must control this matter, will not insist upon
it. I cannot, of course, refer to anything that
has taken place in respect to the business of
the other House or anything that is likely to
take place ; but, so far as we have any instruc-
tion by what has passed 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from Cali-
fornia allow me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. CASSERLY. Undoubtedly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest whether it would
be agreeable to him to take a recess until half
past eight o'clock, as I understand that some
gentlemen have engagements this evening,
instead of half past seven. Will he assent to
that?
Mr. THURMAN. Make it half past nine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, we cannot do that.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Make it nine o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we can take the ques-
tion without any further debate, I will modify
the motion so as to provide for a recess until
half past eight o'clock as a matter of courtesy
to gentlemen who have personal engagements,
and then we shall finish to-night.
Mr. THURMAN. Make it nine o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I cannot.
Mr. CONKLING-. Let me make a sug-
gestion : make it half past eight o'clock, with
the understanding that no vote shall be taken
until nine o'clock. That will enable our friends
to bs li
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will make it half past
eight o'clock, with the understanding that the
Democrats need not vote. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLINCf. Withthe understanding
that we will not takeavote before nine o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate take
a recess until half past eight o'clock, and the
motion is made with the understanding that
no vote shall be taken until nine o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see any object
in coming here and sitting half an hour doing
nothing. I trust that we shall get through this
bill and adjourn at an early hour 
Mr. POMEROY. We may have an execu-
tive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that it
is hardly worth while to come here to-night;
What do we gain by it? Nobody can get oft
any sooner. Why not meet at ten o'clock to-
morrow morning and adjourn by twelve, and
everybody can get ready to go off in the after-
noon. I think the better way would be to
take a recess until ten o'clock to morrow
.morning ; and I make that motion, that the
Senate take a recess until ten o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. EDMUNDS,
be iu order.
That does not happen to
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
is pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the propo-
sition for the longest time is first taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
only the case in filling blanks.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is in order to move
to amend the motion by naming a different
hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in
order to amend the motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to amend
it so that the Senate shall now take a recess
until ten o'clock to-morrow. I move to strike
out "half past eight o'clock this evening"
and insert "ten o'clock to-morrow."
Mr. MORTON. The probability is that we
shall not be detained fifteen minutes by busi-
ness to-night, and I hope we shall come back
and finish it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report is not agreed
to. The committee has not met.
Mr. MORTON. It will probably be agreed
to by the time we meet in the evening.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Serrate now
take a recess until half past eight o'clock this
evening, and the Senator from Illinois moves
to amend that motion by substituting ten
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope not.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I hope not, also.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
The amendment was rejected—ayes sixteen,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the original motion.
Mr. COLE, The House of Representatives,
as I understand, have taken a recess until half
past seven o'clock this evening, and it seems
to me there is a propriety in the Senate taking
a recess until that hour also. There may be
some little private engagement on the part of
a few Senators, but the meeting will not inter-
fere seriously with them. I presume no con-
clusion will be arrived at before they can reach
here, a few minutes or perhaps half an hour
later than that time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think after the victory
the House has achieved over this distinguished
body in the last conference report they will
be quite satisfied to rejoice for an hour or so
until we shall meet. So, in order to accom-
modate our friends, who want a little longer
time, on the other side, and who have all voted
to have no time at all by voting for a session
to-morrow, I think we might as well take a
recess until half past eight o'clock, and then
proceed and dispose of the business before us.
Mr. COLE. My friend forgets another
thing. The House asked for this last com-
mittee of conference, and the report will have
to be made in this body first, and it is hardly
fair play to the House, if I may take their part
in one little matter, that we should meet an
hour later than they propose to meet, when
the business of the meeting must first be
transacted by this body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me tell my friend that
it is now nearly five o'clock, and the gentle-
men who compose the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the House are not to be
found. I have sent for them, and therefore
we shall be pretty diligent if we can draw up a
report any earlier than half past eight o'clock,
supposing we should agree immediately. So
I hope we shall accommodate our friends on
the other side of the Chamber by extending to
them a courtesy that costs us nothiug, and
take a recess until halt" past eight o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves that the Senate now
take a recess until half past eight o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate took a recess until half past eight o'clock
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past eight
o'clock p. m.
MBSSA9E FROM THE HOUSIi. t
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. 11. No, 434) to establish certain •
post routes in the State of Iowa; and
A bill (H. R. No. 435) to authorize the
President to appoint George Pluukett a pay-
master iu the Navy.
kansas cherokee lands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will proceed with the reading of the
pending bill.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill (S. No. 272) to provide for
the sale of certain Indian lands in Kansas,
known as the Cherokee strip.
Mr. POMEROY. There are two or three
slight amendments to the bill.
The PRESIDENT protempore._ The bill ia
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. The amendments reported by the
committee will be lirst read.
The lirst amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs was in line eleven,
after the word "age," to insert the words
"such settlers being citizens of the United
Slates, or having declared their intention to
become such."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. There is one other amend-
ment which is merely verbal.
The next amendment was in line twenty-six,
after the word "interior," to insert "in par-
cels not to exceed one hundred and sixty acres
to any one person."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up a bill which,
in iny opinion, will bring peace and restore
law and order in the South, and do more for
the Republican party in the ~outh than all the
measures we have passed at this session of
Congress. In my judgment, the interest of the
Republican party demands the passage of the
bill. It is pressed throughout the country and
advocated, and I appeal to the magnanimity
of members on the floor of the Senate to allow
the bill to be taken up and passed without
debate. I refer to the bill (H. R. No. 380)
for the removal of legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth ariicle of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina asks unanimous con-
sent to proceed to the consideration of the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, It is obvious
that we cannot transact any business now.
There is not a quorum present, and it is not
likely that we shall have a quorum for half
an hour, or have any important business. I
therefore move that the Senate take a recess
until nine o'clock.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion. I wish to make a motion
and submit some remarks upon it, and I pro-
pose to consume about that amount of time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Senator
from South Carolina is willing to give way, 1
will do so.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do not feel disposed
to give way for any one. I am going to press
this measure, if I can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
