816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19v
vantage of their respective nations. Jeaious of each
other, but united in their jealousy of the United
States, no means were left antried to annihilate in
advance every hope on the part of this country to
participate in the advantages to be derived from
the present circumstances in which the republic of
Dominica finds herself.
" It is not easy to determine whether either of the
nations which have been named has formed any
definite system of operations or plan of policy in
reference to this state of things, or, if they have
adouied such, to ascertain with certainty what their
pii fare."
To forestall and cut off these aims of those
European Powers I have no doubt was the
principal object had in view, and that could
only be effectually accomplished by creating
more intimate relations between Dominica and
our own Republic. No definite plan for this
or other ulterior purpose beyond a mere recog-
nition of independence was alluded to in the
correspondence, though doubtless such pur-
pose was entertained by both parties. Mr. Cal-
houn's constitutional horror of free negroes
gave a bent to his mind adverse to the annexa-
tion of that country, or any other with a similar
free population, but in this sentiment, in all
probability, Mr. Hogan, who was from New
York, and other members of the Administra-
tion, did not participate. I think they were
seriously considering annexation at that early
day and already taking important steps to that
end.
In the autumn of 1854 Captain (since Gen-
eral) George B. McClellan made a report to
Jefferson Davis, then Secretary of War, of his
visit to the island of Santo Domingo. His re-
eonnoissance, though limited, was, so far as it
extended, remarkably complete and perspicu-
ous. His observations were mainly confined
to the bay and the peninsula of Samana. The
object of his mission sufficiently appears in
the character of the report submitted by him
to the Government on his return. It had in
view the acquisition of a naval station in the
"West Indies—a thing which, though considered
desirable, as I have said, by almost eyery Ad-
ministration, was first taken hold of in earnest
by Mr. Seward in the St. Thomas affair. Prior
to that time a good deal of fine skirmishing
had been going on, but it was reserved for
Mr. Johnson's administration to enter upon
the real work and for General Grant to ac-
complish, so far at least as negotiations could
accomplish it, not only the possession of
Samana, but of the entire republic of Domin-
ica. With commendable deliberation and
praiseworthy zeal he has performed his part
of the task, and left it for the representatives
of the people to complete the work.
This was done by the President mainly
through the agency of General Babcock, who,
like McClellan and others before him, paid a
visit to the island for the purpose of obtaining
exact and comprehensive information touch-
ing the country, the people, and the Gov-
ernment of Dominica. General Babcock
confirmed the voluminous reports of the emis-
saries who had preceded him ; but the advan-
tage and peculiar value of his statement con-
sisted in its affording full information as to the
present condition of that portion of the island
seeking annexation with us.
The expedition of the Tennessee adds a
score or two more to the witnesses who speak
from actual observation of the richness, beauty,
and fertility of the Queen of the Antilles, and
also of the fitness ot' the inhabitants for asso-
ciation with us politically. But the most re-
markable fact demonstrated by all these per-
sonal observations, and the one that will shine
forth in history, no matter what the result of the
enterprise may be, is the entire, the unpar-
alleled unanimity of the people of that repub-
lic on the subject of becoming incorporated
with the great Republic of the North.
About the time of the negotiations for St.
Thomas—but I think a little later, possibly a
little earlier—at all events in January, 1866,
the Assistant Secretary of State of the United
States, Mr. Frederick W. Seward, paid a visit
to Santo Domingo on Government business.
His trip was made in a Government vessel and
his mission was to obtain a concession or lease
of the bay of Samana, and to agree, if possible,
upon the terms of annexation of Dominica to
the United States.
The Secretary of State himself, Mr. William
H. Seward, likewise made a trip to the island,
with a similar view. And afterward Mr. Fred-
erick Seward made a second voyage to Santo
Domingo, with Admiral Porter, for the pur-
pose, it is believed, of offering $2,000,000 for
the bay and peninsula of Samana. But the
result of these labors was brought to naught,
either by revolutions in the island or by the
impeachment proceedings soon afterward in-
stituted against the head of that administra-
tion. But for these circumstances, in my opin-
ion, the annexation of Dominica would have
been accomplished with even less opposition
than was exhibited toward Alaska. Certain
it is we should have had Samana, for it is a
fact that in 1866 $200,000 were actually appro-
priated as a first installment to carry out any
agreement that might be entered into by the
Sewards.
I had almost forgotten to mention one other
mission or visit to Santo Domingo on behalf
of our Government. I refer to the first one
of Admiral Porter, who, when a young naval
officer, went there for the purpose of obtain-
ing full information regarding the country and
people. That officer in pursuance of his orders
traveled all over the island. This occurred in
the year 1846, and the report of this officer to
the Navy Department, though it has never
been published, is among the most able and
interesting I have seen. It is particularly val-
uable in giving a detailed account of the habits
and character of the people of the interior of
the country. I regret I am unable, not having
the report before me, to give some extracts
from it. Porter's observations were made the
year following those of Mr. Hogan, and go to
sho w the solicitude of our Govern ment touching
that country during this very early period of
its independent existence. The object of these
visits may find some elucidation in the fact
that we had just acquired Texas, and Domin-
ica was not overlooked by the same party
and administration. Having vastly extended
our possessions on the Gulf of Mexico, the
necessity for a hold upon the West Indies was
thought to be greatly increased.
I proposed only to allude to matters which
had not been dwelt upon by the commissioners
in their report. Their work has been so well
and so faithfully performed that it would be
vain to attempt to improve upon it. I intended
to confine myself to a few general observa-
tions upon the subject, and in that way con-
centrate, if possible, some of the notions that
have been set loosely afloat regarding it. My
purpose will be fully accomplished if I but
succeed in correcting a few of the more pop-
ular errors concerning the people and Govern-
ment of that unfortunate and much misrepre-
sented country. The motives of the Domin-
icans are entirely defensible. In order that
they may secure peace for themselves, and
enjoy a degree of prosperity which has long
been denied them by the enemies of their inde-
pendence, mostly, I doubt not, domiciled in
other countries, monarchists in fact, they are
willing to unite their fortunes indissolubly with
ours.
While they are jealous of their rights, as
freemen always are and as they ought to be,
the Dominicans are as peaceful and obedient
to law as any people under the sun. Such is
the testimony of all. Though few in numbers,
they occupy a country full twice as large as
Massachusetts, and almost unsurpassed in
richness of soil and productions. In natural
resources, in all products except men, in all
advantages except wealth, the old Bay State
will bear no comparison with it; and yet Do-
minica is not altogether wanting in excellent
and cultivated men, nor in the true sources of
wealth. But is not the marvelous prosperity,
the great richness of Massachusetts, and even
the excellency and wisdom of her men attrib-
utable, in some degree, to the very prosperous
trade she for many years carried on with tho
West India islands? Does Massachusetts,
therefore, owe nothing to Santo Domingo?
She may deny the obligations of humanity that
are binding upon her toward the people of
that and every other part of the world, but
will she deny the debt of gratitude also? The
kings and princes of wealth and intelligence
in New England have long fed upon the West
Indies and drawn much of their sustenance
from Santo Domingo itself.
We are a commercial nation, and as such
ought to have a foot-hold in the West Indies.
We are much in need of a naval station there.
Such a station would have been invaluable
to us during the war from which we have but
recently emerged. Any station, any harbor,
however insignificant, would be better than
none; but we are offered the very best, lite-
rally without price, and yet we hesitate. Our
chief annoyance during the late war arose from
this want of a harbor in that quarter. No one
can calculate with anything like exactness,
nor estimate closely the amount of damage
we suffered by the operations of the enemy
carried on from Nassau, but it is safe to say
that the war was greatly prolonged by them.
It was from blockade-runners and privateers
fitted out from that little British 'West India
port that the rebels obtained their supplies of
arms and munitions of war during the early
stages of the conflict. Had we owned Samana
at the time, all this annoyance would have
been spared ns. Mr. Seward, seeing this, set
about correcting the evil directly after the war
was over; and General Grant, equally con-
scious of the fact, has sought to do what Mr.
Seward failed to accomplish.
For want of time I omit almost entirely a
discussion of commercial questions in con-
nection with annexation. The advantages of
our possessing just such acountry, and a coun-
try of just such products as abound in Domin-
ica, are too obvious to need illustration or
argument. We never have done without them,
we never will do without them, and we never
can do without them. We can afford to leave
the land that produces them under other dom-
ination, but the products we must have. We
can continue to pay hundreds of millions of
dollars to Spain, Great Britain, and other Gov-
ernments as profits upon such articles, as we
have done in the past, or we can exchange our
own products for them without the exaction of
duties. The two courses are open before us.
Which shall we choose? Which is the course
of wisdom?
The proposition to unite in a peaceful way
under one Government two independent na-
tions is by no means a common occurrence.
The forcible absorption of one sovereignty by
another is no unusual thing in the world's his-
tory; but the proposition of one Power volun-
tarily to lay down its separate existence and to
become eliminated from the family of nations
is rare indeed. That event cannot be effected
so well by treaty as by the act of the absorb-
ing party, or by both parties acting independ-
ently, the one for the purpose of manifesting
its willingness to surrender, and the other for
the purpose of taking possession. The case
supposed is widely different from that of one
nation ceding away a portion of its dominion.
There the only way to reach the matter is by
treaty, which subsists and is binding after the
event is consummated; as in the case of the
convention with Russia for the acquisition of
Alaska, or with Mexico for the acquisition of
California, or with France for Louisiana, or .
Spain for Florida ; but we did not treat with
the republic of Texas for Texas, nor can we
properly enter into a convention with the repub-
lic of Dominica for Dominica.
A treaty made in either of the latter cases
would not be a subsisting treaty a moment after
its ratification. The ratification which makes
