1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
to find these joint resolutions in our statutes.
They are put in by themselves, with a different
index to them, whereas if they were all acts
they would be together. A joint resolution
amounts to an act. It has to be passed by the
same vote, has to be approved by the Presi-
dent in the same way, and it will simplify our
proceedings if we make them all acts. Some-
times it is thought that a joint resolution passes
easier than an act of Congress; but it requires
precisely the same vote and the same three
readings. Nothing is gained by it; and as we
are trying to simplify our proceedings, I move
to change that joint resolution into an act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that to do
that might cause trouble in the records of the
House of Representatives, which has journal-
ized this as joint resolution No. 29. They have
probably a bill in the Honse of Representatives
No. 29. If the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives suggested this point to members
of the House, no doubt they would conform, as
Senators have done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Could we not change
the title to a bill and send it back ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses that could be done; but it might make
trouble in journalizing.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think we had
better do that in this case. The resolution has
passed the House, and it is a matter of conven-
ience to pass it at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to delay
it; but if we commence in this way with joint
resolutions they will run through the whole
session, and if we can, I think we had better
make them all acts to begin with. I think we
might amend the bill and let it go back, and
if there is any trouble about it I would not
insist on it.
Mr. CONKLINGr. If we are to refuse to
concur in any legislation of the House in the
form of a joint rosolution, then there might
be consistency in beginning with this; but I
imagine we are hardly prepared for that. In-
asmuch as this has passed already, 1 rather
think it had better go. I fear it will be endan-
gered by raising this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The_ Chair will
suggest that a note to the Speaker of the House
would probably obviate this difficulty in the
future, if the suggestion were made from the
Chair to members there, as it has been made
in the Senate from the Chair.
Mr. CONKLINGr. There are no committees
there yet; and this may have arisen in that
way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois moves to reconsider, that motion
is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I -do not wish to em-
barrass the measure. I think this would bring
attention to the point, and if it meets the
view of the Senate I move to reconsider and
change it. Of course, if the House do not
agree to that we shall make no point with them
about it; but this would call their attention to
it. I believe this is the first resolution that
was passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was a
joint resolution passed by the Senate, offered
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
in regard to an international prison conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that
we had passed any joint resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. And that originated
here.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will press bis point. It seems to me
that we had better begin now and bring our
legislation into uniformity, at least in this re-
spect. We ought not to have these two differ-
ent chapters of legislation, one called acts the
other called joint resolutions, it is incon-
venient for reference, and not justified by any
logic or reason. I hope, therefore, that the
Senator will persevere and have that recon-
sidered. Let us put our foot down now, and
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 8.
at least give the House an opportunity of
reviewing the question.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a little matter, but
it is not an unimportant one. I concur in
every word the Senator from Illinois has said
and every word the Senator from Massachu-
setts has said. It is important, though a small
thing. I hope the Senator from Illinois will
persist in his motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to reconsider the vote agreeing
to the title of this joint resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no care whether
this takes one form or the other, except that
I concur in the expediency of a uniform course
of legislation. I have taken the trouble to go
to the Secretary's tlfcle, and I find that pretty
much everything from the House ofRepresent-
atives is a joint resolution. The proposition
in regard to coal is a joint resolution; that in
regard to salt is a joint resolution. Thepropo-
osition which originated here in regard to an
international assembly abroad touching pun-
ishments was a joint resolution which has been
adopted by both Houses. Now, I have no
objection, in the language of some Senator, to
putting down our foot; but I think perhaps it
might be well to see a little to our own con-
sistency to begin with.
It turns out now that this is one of a number
of bills here which have been acted on either
in the Senate or House of Representatives, all
of which are in this form. If, then, we intend
to say that wc will concur in no joint resolu-
tion whatever passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives on any subject, so be it. Then, cer-
tainly, we cannot begin a^iy sooner than now
to say that. But if we are 'to originate a joint
resolution one day. and pass it ourselves and
get the House to concur, and the next day go
on and pass to a second reading other joint
resolutions that they originate, and then pick
out a particular one and reconsider that, which,
perhaps, is more pressing in point of time than
the others, I do not see the utility of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to reconsider.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the title will be changed to that of
a bill, and the bill will be regarded as passed
in that shape.
II0US13 BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (II. R. No. 177) to relieve James
Moore, of Mississippi; of his political disabili-
ties—to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities.
The bill (II. R. No. 178) in relation to
estimates of appropriations and appropriation
accounts—to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The bill (H. R. No. 181) to establish post
routes—to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
DISOEDEE IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make a report
from the Committee on Printing. _ That com-
mittee have had under consideration the reso-
lution of the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] for printing the report of the committee
on southern outrages, and I am instructed to
report back the resolution without amendment
and recommend its passage. I also ask for
its present consideration. It meets the appro-
bation of both sides of the Chamber.
By unanimous consent, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution;
and it was agreed to :
Mesolocd, That two thousand copies of the report
and accompanying evidence, and twenty thousand
copies of the report without the evidence, of the spe-
cial committee appointed to investigate southern
outrages, be printed for the use of the Senate, the
said printing to iiiclude the views of the minority
of said committee.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island in regard to the
business of the session.
Mr. COLE. I move that the pending order
be set aside, in order to take up the appropri-
ation bill, House bill No. 19.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to the
resolution being laid aside informally, but I
do not wish it postponed by a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection the unfinished business will be re-
garded as informally set aside for the consid-
eration of this appropriation bill. The Chair
hears no objection, and House bill No. 19 is
before the Senate.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After fifteen minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, a,nd (at
one o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 15, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. .1. G. Bu'l'I.hu, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
LOWER CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
lietohed, That tho Committeo on Foreign Affairs,
■\vhon appointed, be roqucstcd to exammo into and
roport at tho next session of Congress whother the
territory of Lower California would be a desirable
acquisition tothe United States; and if so, with such
recommendations looking to thatobjoct as may seem
to chat comiuitteo justand expedient with reference
thereto.
REVENUE STAMPS.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to submit a bill,
and to ask that it be put upon its passage after
a few words of explanation. It is a recom-
mendation from the Treasury Department
touching the matter of stamps. The present
system of stamps has proven inefficient, and
the bill proposes to permit the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to determine the character of stamps
to be Hsed. It was passed by the last House
after approval by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. COX. Is there any appropriation in it ?
Mr. KELLEY. No. I ask that it be read.
Mr. COX. Is there any job in it ?
Mr. KELLEY. No job of any kind.
The bill (II. R. No. 182) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue to determine the
material, device, &c., of stamps required by
the laws relating to internal revenue was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read in full. It authorizes and
empowers the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to establish the form, char-
acter, and device of, and to provide by con-
tract or otherwise for, any and all stamps which
are or may be required under any provisions
of the laws relating to internal revenue, and
to make regulations for their use, safe-keep-
ing, and disbursement. It further provides
that any person being an officer of the United
States who shall by virtue of his office receive
any such stamps, and shall in any way misuse
or misappropriate the same, or any part thereof,
shall be liable on his official bond in the same
manner, and to punishment to the same extent,
as if he had misused or misappropriated a sum
of public moneys equal in amount to the value
of said stamps.
