1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
order on the question of a recess to discuss
the merits of the amnesty bill.
Mr. NYE. I only follow in the wake of
wiser men, from the Senator from Illinois
down.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Nevada make an inquiry of the
Chair?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The point
of order being raised, the Chair thinks that
discussion on the question of amnesty is not
in otder on a motion to take a recess.
Mr. NYE. I supposed so ; but the honor-
able Senator from Georgia having taken so
wide a scope in debate, I did not know but that
it was proper, if it is, I desire to be heard.
Mr. STEWART. My colleague can goon
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HILL. I would have listened to my
friend's point of order very cheerfully if he
liad made it, and would have yielded to it, no
doubt.
Mr. NYE. I tliink we had better take the
recess. _ One thing is quite evident, that if the
discussion of this amnesty bill is entered upon
the day of adjournment is far in the distance.
I have been somewhat an attentive listener to
all the arguments that I have heard upon this
question of amnesty. The theory upon which
the honorable Senator from Georgia proceeds
is that it will produce a general good feeling
throughout the South 
Mr. HILL. Throughout the whole country.
Mr. NYE. And throughout the whole coun-
try. I had not closed my sentence ; I thank
the honorable Senator for closing it for me.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. It being so happily done, I am
rather under obligations.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, looking at the
history of the past, and the return which has
been made for our acts of kindness, I differ
in toto with the theory of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia. From the day that the
rebels surrendered to the present day there
has been nothing on the pari of the congres-
sional branch of this Government but acts of
kindness and magnanimity unequaled by any
other Governmentof the world, and unequaled
by any individual of the world, toward the
southern rebels, and the return that they have
given us has been increased bitterness, in-
creased determination to resist to the hitter
end until they can revive again the doctrine
that rent, this country asunder by establishing
the old dogma of State rights. Sir, he that
was 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should be very happy
to hear the Senator from Nevada, but I rise
to a question of order, as I prefer that he
should speak in order. If he will let the ques-
tion of amnesty come up I shall be delighted
to hear him, but I object to a discussion on the
question of amnesty on a motion to take a
recess.
Mi*. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that I heard an appeal on the
other side of the question from him a few
moments ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had made a motion
to take up the subject, and I was speaking oti
my motion to take it up and stated the reason
for doing so ; but the question now is on the
motion for a recess.
Mr. STEWART. I understood that the
motion for a recess was pending at that time.
' Mr. NYE. Will my colleague 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will decide the point of order.
Mr. NYE. I have a word to say on the
question of order.
The PRESIDENTprofomjjore. The Chair
will decide it first.
Mr. NYE. Then it is not much use forme
to say anything. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can appeal from the decision of the Chair.
It is not in order to discuss the merits of a sub-
ject on amotion to take it up. It is in order
to discuss the reasons why it should not be
taken up, but not to discuss the merits of the
question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senator from Nevada have leave to pro-
ceed in order or out of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to any such
proceeding; it is not-in order to make such a
motion.
Mr. NYE. My honorable friend from Illi-
nois I know will not object to a suggestion
from me. He says the object, of his opposing
this motion for a recess is to take up the am
nesty bill, and an older and more experienced
legislator than myself, from Georgia, took
occasion to speak ot the great, benefits that
would be derived from the adoption of the
amnesty bill. The theory that he put forth I
was about to controvert as well as I should be
able to do, and 1 take it for granted that if the
honorable Senator from Georgia was in order
I am.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Georgia proceeded by unanimous
consent.
Mr. NYE. I should have done so if it had
not been for this interference. [Laughter.]
I am sorry my friend from Illinois should deny
me the privilege which has been accorded to
the Senator from Georgia. [Laughter.] I
desire to be in order.
Mr. HILL. Will my friend allow me to say
a word to him ?
Mr. NYE. Not at this moment; in a
moment I will.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Nevada has the floor and must not
be interrupted except by his consent.
Mr. NYE. With the greatest respect for the
decision of the Chair, I will take an appeal
from his decision; and on that appeal 1 claim
the right to be heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator fiom Nevada appeals from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, "Shali the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment, of the Senate?"
Mr. NYE. That is debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itisdebat-
able upon the merits of the decision but not
upon the merits of the amnesty question.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. It is very strange that every-
body is in order on this amnesty bill but me.
I make 110 complaint of the ruling of the Chair,
but I give notice to my friend from Illinois
that this is a subject that I am quite full of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to hear you,
but, I want, to hear you in order.
Mr. NYE. if he gets the bill up, it will
last the residue of the session. Therefore I
think we had better take a recess.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have it up.
Mr. NYE. You will not have it up if 1 can
help it.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me to state a fact to him?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. A messenger just came
up stairs to state to me that the committee of
conference was in the iower part of the Cap-
itol on its way up to the Senate Chamber.
Mr. NYE. I think I can speak on this ques-
tion of the appeal until they get here. [Laugh-
ter.] It seems to me that, after the avowed
purpose of the honorable Senator from Illinois
who resists the motion for a recess that he
does so for the purpose of getting up the
amnesty bill, it would be proper to give some
reasons why the purpose for which it was
moved should be discussed here.
Mr. Edmunds entered the Chamber.
Mr. NYE. If the committee of conference
are ready to report 1 will take my seat and
withdraw the appeal from the decision of the
Chair. I
Mr. EDMUNDS. Speak about the appeal
for about three minutej till I am ready.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Vermont does not want, me to do that for two
or three minutes. [Laughter.] Being of an
accommodating nature, I propose to accom-
modate him. On this question of order 1 am
not so well posted as 1 am on the amnesty
bill, [laughter;] but I contend that the posi-
tion which the honorable Senator from Illinois
has taken is embarrassing. I was all ready
on the oilier question.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I rise to a question of
order.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina rises to a point of
order, which he will state.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the Senator lias
withdrawn his appeal, I ask what he is speak-
ing about ?
Mr. NYE. Can you raise onepointof order
on another? I am speaking to one question
of order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. But you have with-
drawn your appeal, and I ask what you are
speaking about now?
The PRESIDENTproiemjjore. The appeal
has not, been withdrawn.
Mr. NYE. What was the point of order
raised by the Senator from South Carolina?
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS rose.
Mr. NYE. I withdraw my appeal on the
point of order. [Laughter.]
KNR0LL1SD BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd; its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (II. R. No. 19) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the year end-
ing June 80, 1871, and for additional appro-
priations for the service of the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Senate committee of conference to submit a
report from the conference of both Houses on
House hill No. 320, to enforce the provisions
of the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference of the two Houses on
their di^agieeing votes upon the bill of the House
(11.11. No. 3J0) entitled "Ati act to enfoice tile pro-
visions of tho fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution ot the United States, and lor other purposes,"
respceUully report that, having met, after full and
free conference thereon they do rceominend that-
First, the House of Representatives recede from
its> disagreement to the amendment of the Senate
numbered 3, on the second page and twentieth line
thereof, and agree to the same with the modification
following, to wit: strike out all of said Senate amend-
; montin that line, and insert the same after the word
| "office,'' in line twenty-one ot the same page, in the
words following: "or to injure his person while en-
gaged in the lawful discharge ot the duties of hia
office, or to injure his property so as to molest, intei-
rupt, hinder, or impede him in the discharge of his
official duty;''and that the Senate agiee to the same.
Second, that the House of Representatives recedo
from its disagreement to the eighteenth amendment
of the Senate, being on page 7 of said bill, and agree
to the same.
Third, that the House of Representatives recede
from us disagreement to the twentieth amendment
of the Senate to said bill, being on page 8 thereof,
and agree to the same modified as follows, to wit:
in lieu of the amendment of the Senate as stated,
insert alter the word "the," in line one of page 8
these words: "first section of the;" and that, tho
j Senate agree to the same.
Fourth, that the two Houses agree to a Mib-stitutc
for the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, ins
follows:
That any person or persons having knowledge
that any of the wrongs conspired to be done, and
mentioned in the second section of this act, are about
to be committed, and having power to prevent or aid
in preventing the same, shall neglect or refuse to do
so, and such wrongful act shall be committed, such
person or persons shall be liable to the person in-
juiedorhis legal representatives for ail damages
caused by any such wrongful act wb*ch such first-
named person or persons by reasonable diligence
