820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
could have prevented; and such damages may be
recovered in an action on the case m rbe proper
circuit court of the United States; and any number
of persons guilty of such wrongful neglect or retus.il
may be joined as defendants in such action: Pro-
vided, That such action shall be commenced within
one year after such cause of action shall have ac-
crued. And if the death of any person shall be
caused by any such wrongful act and neglect, the
legal representatives of such deceased person shall
have such action therefor and may recover not ex-
ceeding 85,OOOdamages therein, for the benefit of the
widow of such deceased person, if any there be, or
if there be no widow, for the benefit of the nest of
Ivin of sueh deceased person.
And that tho same stand as section six of the said
bill, and that section six stand as section five, and
that section five be transferred to the end of the
bill as section seven.
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
MAi'T. H. CARPENTER,
Manager* on the part of t e Senate.
S. SHELLABARGER,
LUKE P. POLAND,
Maauyeris on the part of the Ifouxe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is right that I should
explain the effect of this report. There were
four points of disagreement open between
the two Houses on the previous conference.
Upon the first three points of disagreement, the
present conferees have adopted the previous
report, leaving the bill in these respects as it
was recommended to be left by the former
report, precisely word for word. As to the
last section, in the way it stood originally,
being the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] the conferees of
the Senate found it impossible to bring the
Kepresentatives of the House to agree to
that section in the form in which it stood, on
account of difficulties which had occurred to
a majority of the House of Kepresentatives
respecting our power to deal with the particu-
lar organization in a State called a county or
a town and for such other reasoti3 as it is not
necessary now to state. Thereupon, in order
to aid in the repression of these outrages by
tumults aud conspiracies, the conferees on the
part of the House of Representatives and our-
selves agreed to substitute for that the provis-
ion which the Secretary has read, the sub-
stance and effect of which is to make the whole
body of the inhabitants of the vicinity who
have knowledge that a conspiracy is formed to
destroy the property or to injure the person of
any peaceable inhabitant, aud who refuse or
neglect to exert all lawful means to repress it,
having the power to assist in preventing it,
responsible. It is, in other words, dealing with
the citizen under the Constitution.
Every citizen in the vicinity where any such
outrages as are mentioned in the second sec-
tion of this bill, which I need not now describe,
are likely to be perpetrated, he having knowl-
edge of any such intention or organization, is
made a peace officer, and itisraade his boundeu
duty as a citizen of the United States to ren-
der positive and affirmative assistance in pro-
tecting the life aud property of his fellow citi-
zf-ns in that neighborhood against unlawful
aggiession; and if, having this knowledge and
having power to assist by any reasonable means
in preventing it or putting it down or resist-
ing it, he fails to do so, he makes himself
an accessory, or rather a principal in the out-
rage itself, and his fellow-citizen, who is thus
wronged on account ot'his refusal to help him
to protect himself, is made responsible for it.
I think, -Mr. President, that in substance and
effect this reaches the same result; aud I am
not at all sure but that it is quite as effectual
as the redress against, the county, without lia-
bility against the inhabitants of it, would have
been. Therefore I hope the Senate will agree
to the re-port which we have made.
Mr. SHEHMAN. Mr. President, I do not
intend to detain the Senate very long in regard
to this matter. We have been debating now
for three weeks a bill which is deemed by Con-
gress so important as to hold us in session
pledged only to transact business in regard to
that particular subject. Our committees have
been faithfully at work, and have reported us
a bill to me^J outrages which have scarcely a
parallel in history. The startling fact upon
which this bill is based is that an organized
conspiracy, spreading terror and violence,
burning and robbing, murdering and scourg-
iug both white and black, both women and
men, and pervading large communities of this
country, now exist unchecked by punishment,
independent of law, uncontrolled by magis-
trates. We have specific cases, amounting to
hundreds, of murder and violence, many of
which have occurred since we have been in
session here; our officers are driven from their
duty; one officer since we have been sitting
here has been scourged, his property destroyed,
and his wife and children driven from his home.
Another case occurred the other day in Ten-
nessee, where two of our deputy marshals were
killed in the discharge of their duty. Lawless
bands of men, amounting to hundreds, while
we have been in session here, have been roam-
ing over the country independent and unchal-
lenged, committing these atrocities, without
fear of punishment, cheered by their neighbors,
and despising your laws and your authority.
We are called upon to legislate in regard to
these matters. This condition of affairs, though
doubted in the beginning, is now admitted on
all hands.
Now, what is the result of this long debate?
What remedy do' you offer the victims and
with what punishment do you threaten the
guilty?
First, the party injured may sue in the courts
of the United States for money damages.
Whom? Disguised outlaws. What is the use
of suing them? First, how can you identify
them? What remedy have you? You are
told by judges of the courts that the grand
juries are closed against you ; that the petit
juries are closed against you;, that organ-
ized perjury is enlisted against you. You know
that of all the multitude of injuries not in a
single case has redress ever been meted out to
one of the multitude who has been injured.
And now these scourged and mutilated victims
are told by this bill that they may sue these
murderous outlaws for a pecuniary compensa-
tion in the courts of the United States instead
of the local courts. There they will meet the
same grand jury, the same petit jury, the same
organized perjury; and the only advantage you
give them is a United States judge, one in a
State far from the witnesses to be summoned
and the place of their sufferings. How hope-
less, how feeble, how like astoneto these poor
sufferers is this remedy. How these disguised
assassins will jeer at your lawsuit. Most likely
their plea of abatement will be the assassina-
tion of the suitorwho appeals to your court.
Mr. President, the second remedy is that the
offenders may be indicted as criminals in the
courts of the United States. How indicted?
How can you indict them when you have the
proof positive that at the place of the crime
where the facts are notorious no indictment can
be found aud no indictment has been found?
No man can be tried as a criminal, and no
man ha3 been tried and punished for these
enormities. And yet these suffering people
are told, as your alternative remedy, as the limit
of your power and disposition to protect them,
that they may choose either a civil remedy m
the courts of the United States far away from
their homes, or they may institute a criminal
prosecution in the same courts. What a choice
you offer them! Costs to exceed the damages,
a judgment not worth the paper on which it is
written, or an idle prosecution with death or
banishment staring them in the face?
It is true there is one vital feature of this bill;
that is, when these atrocities assume the form
of civil war and become so great that the State
authorities either neglect to or will not put
them down, then the President of the United
States with the military forces tnay come iti
and suspend the writof habeas corpus ; in other
words, you may wage local civil war iu the
community. Well, sir, if that is the only
alternative, I am willing to. make not only
local civil war, but in order to put down civil
war, and there is no other remedy, I am will-
ing to again appeal to the power ot (he nation
to crush, as wo have once before done, this
organized civjl war. If we must have war it
must not be waged solely by the Kti Klux
Klan—another name for tho same rebel armies
who defied the authority of the nation so long,
but who now, organized ami disguised, seek by
assassination to renew the war. This bill will
enable the President to again meet force with
force, and I do not hide from myself the tor
rors of this kind of warfare, or the dangerous
precedent we set for this kind of legislation.
I am willing to vote for it. I am willing to do
anything to punish and put down these out-
rages. That is the third and the chief remedy
proposed by this bill.
But, sir, while we give the authority, have
we or can we provide the means for its enforce-
ment? Themilitary forceof the United States is
very limited. It has ample occupation on the
western plains. There are not troops enou'gh
iu the Army of the United States to deal with
this class of people now holding in teiror vast
regions of our territory. Shall you call out
the militia? When and where shall this militia
be organized, how armed, how equipped, how
officered? These are grave and difficult ques-
tions. Still, the President of the United States
may be compelled to resort to that; and there
is, therefore, some virtue in this bill.
What next? There was a remedy provided
by the vote of the Senate, twice given, once
after a short debate. It was that when these
outrages were committed in a community that
made no effort to put them down, that took
no means to arrest the offenders, and the out-
rage was a tumultuous aud unlawful riot,
aimed at the authority of the United States,
then, and only then, the persons injured might
sue the county or municipal division in whnh
they occurred. And, now, why is not that
remedy adopted—a remedy as old as the
English law, older than the English law: a
remedy derived from the old Saxon law in
the country from which we draw all our in-
stitutions? There, for centuries, the law has
been that when any community fails to pro-
tect its citizens, the community itself shall be
responsible in damages. What is the objec-
tion to it? Is it not just that when a uiiole
community allow a baud of outlaws at night
or in day, as they have done, to go and kiil
aud slaughter, and murder, whip, and scourge,
burn and rob, the community which allows
these things to go on unchallenged aud un-
punished shall be punished? Is it to be said
by the Congress of the United Stales that the
property ot a community is so sacred that it
ought not to be affected because these outlaws
do burn and rob and whip and scourge? Why,
sir, these crimes could not exist a day if they
were not sustained by the public sentiment of
the property-holders of the community?
There is no county in North Carolina where
twenty of the richest men in that county could
not put down these bands of outlaws. If they
would only will, they have the way, they have
the power; andyetyou will not touch the prop-
erty of these people lest you may do injustice.
Sir, we are told, by some mystic process, by
some mode of reasoning, which I cannot com-
prehend, which seems to me so absurd that I
cannot even fashion its face, that the Consti-
tution of the United States does not allow a
county to he sued in tho courts of the United
States. Why not? By what authority is aay
corporation sued? Where is the provision
of the Constitution of the United States that
allows a railroad company to be sued ? A
railroad company is the creature of State law,
a pure creature of State law, having no pow-
ers except what are given it by the State law.
Where is the power to sue a railroad company?
Only in the general clause which confers upon
the courts of the United States the power to
entertain suits between persons. Suits may be
brought by a citizen of one State against the
citizen of another State. There is no express
