1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
authority to sue a corporation ; and yet all
corporations, whether private or municipal,
are persons, though the mere creatures of
local law. About one half the suits pending
in the Supreme Court of the United States are
for or against corporations and State corpor-
ations. Why is a county more sacred than a
railroad corporation? A county is a muni
cipa! corporation, so is a city, and I can show
you many, many cases of suits pending now
in the United States courts against cities and
against counties, and against all kinds of organ-
izations, partnerships, and communities. They
are all persons in the eye of the law, and as
persons, whether many or few, whether rich or
poor, whether private or municipal, they are
subject to the judicial authority of the United
States, and are bound by its mandates and
decrees.
When this proposition was stated by me
to-night to one of the most eminent lawyers
of'this country, that there was a doubt in the
House of Representatives whether the United
States could authorize a county to be sued, he
was amazed, and said there was scarcely a
State in the Union where counties had not been
sued in court. One case I cited here yester-
day, where a judgment of $66,000 was recov-
ered against the city of Paducah. That suit
was prosecuted to final judgment and execution
and the money paid over under one of these
very riot acts. That was a case prosecuted
against the city of Paducah because a mob
burned a steamboat that landed at the city of
Paducah that, I believe, had some persons of
African descent on board. A mob went down
and burned it and destroyed it. The owners,
living in Illinois, under the judiciary act, sued
the city of Paducah before the circuit court
of the United States, recovered a judgment,
and obtained payment by a process far more
mandatory in its terms than any authorized by
this act.
Sir, it is idle, it seems to me the smallest
thread of legal technicality that ever I have
heard or read of since I studied Blackstone,
to say that a county, merely because it is a
part of the organism of a State government,
cannot be sued in the courts of the United
States. Sir, the authority of the United States
is supreme within the express powers giveu it.
Is it possible that we must, again cavil over and
debate this primary foundation of the national
authority; and, stranger still, that we must de-
bate it with those who joined in putting down
States, the parents of counties and corpora-
tions, when they resisted the nation?
The question has been raised, how are. you
to enforce a judgment against a county? The
precedents are so numerous of the exercise of
that power that I need not refer to them. How
can you enforce a judgment against a county?
In the first place, it is not to be presumed that
a county will not pay a judgment rendered by
the highest court ot our laud. When a judg-
ment is rendered against a person we know
bow to enforce it. if it is against a municipal
corporation, we have the same remedy that we
have as against a person, or as against a private
corporation, like a railroad. It is not to be
presumed, in the first place, that the county
will not promptly meet tho judgment; but if
they should resist it, then there is an organism
known to the courts, without any law what-
ever. When I introduced this proposition
first I made no provision for the collection of
tiie judgment. None is necessary. The law,
as it, now stands, will enable any court of the
United States to collect any judgment against
a municipal corporation in the United Stales.
There is no necessity for any provision for the
mode and manner of collecting, because the
courts of the United States, by their power of
issuing writs of mandamus and various other
writs in aid of execution, have ample power to
enforce any judgment they may render against
a municipal corporation.
Now, Mr. President, if a man injured by a
tumultuous mob, aimed at the authority of the
United States, in a county of North Carolina,
may sue tho county, he has a plain, easy, and
adequate remedy. Take the case of Wyatt
Outlaw, an inoffensive, harmless negro man,
who was murdered right in front of the court-
house by a gang of men who kept up a tumult
the whole night; an open, tumultuous riot.
He was taken and hanged right iij front of
the court-house, disturbing all the neighbors
round about. Suppose his widow (these
people would scarcely recognize that he could
have a widow) could sue in the courts of the
United States the county of Alamance. She
would have a plain, adequate remedy under
the old law of the hundred and under the bill
as it passed the Senate. AU that, she would
have to do would be to prove that, in tumult-
uous riot, noise, and confusion, two or more
persons lawlessly and feloniously went and
dragged her husband from her side at night
and look him t'j the court-house and hanged
him, and whipped and dishonored her. Why,
sir, she would have a plain and adequate rem-
edy against that county, and the sympathy of
even the community of Alamance county would
be in her favor; and if a judgment was ren-
dered by a court of the United States in favor
of the widow of Outlaw against Alamance
county there is ample provision for the col-
lection of that judgment. It needs no special
writs to carry it out.
In such a case as that all this violence &ould
bo met by a simple adequate remedy aimed
against the property-owners of the community,
against the men who live in the community
who would tolerate such uncivilized violence,
and the poor woman would have a remedy.
The distribution of that remedy among the
people would make every property-owner feel
that that kind of violence which deprived the
wife of Outlaw of her lnisband also deprived
them of two, three, or four dollars of money,
and perhaps this assessment upon the property
of each citizen might induce them, when the
next band of ruffians came to hang another
Outlaw, to raise, according to the English word,
the hue and cry and put down this violence.
Instead of that, what is the remedy now
proposed? The remedy provided by the Sen-
ate was a plain and adequate one. 1 wish the
members of this committee who have agreed
to this report to understand that, [donotblame
them for agreeing to it. I have no doubt that
under the peculiar circumstances by which they
were surrounded it was the best they could do,
all that they could get. The subject was not
fully understood. That I know myself. What
is the remedy now proposed for these wrongs?
No judgment against the county, 110 remedy
against thecommunity, buta private suit, where
all the chances are against the plaintiff. Under
the second section the party injured has a rem-
edy at law, or he has a right to prosecute the
offender; and now hero is his last and only
remedy, when we know that the first two are
totally ineffective.
Here is the way in which the wife of Outlaw
or any person whipped or scourged would have
to recover damages. Take the case which
occurred only the other day in Mississippi, of
a revenue otlicer by the name of Hugging, a
quiet and honest man, a soldier in our late j
war, who settled in Mississippi, bought prop- ;
erty, took his wife and family there, was an I
assessor of internal revenue, was peaceful,
orderly, and quiet; a man against whom there
was no reproach. For no cause in the world
but that he was collecting your revenue he
was taken out at night from the house that
gave him shelter, led off a mile or two into the
woods, and whipped and scourged, and then
told unless he left the State in ten flays he
would be killed. He left, and since that time
his wife and children have been driven out.
Now what remedy has he? He knows tho men
who inflicted this injury upon him; lie can
name some of them; but they are utterly
worthless. They are the sons of men who are
rich, the grandsons of men who have great
estates there; but they are wild young men
who could risk the possibility of being indicted
in the courts of the United States for an assault
and battery upon an officer of the United
States. Now, this is the remedy pointed out
to him:
That any person or persons, having knowledge
that any of tho svrongs conspired to be dono and
mentioned in tho second section of this act are
about to be committed—
In the first place, he must prove that these
people whom he sues, that is, the property-
owners, have knowledge that the wrong was
to be done. How can he do that ? How could
any man prove it, when he could not even
prove who the parties were that were present
when the wrong was done, when it was done
by disguised men? How could he prove that
the men had "knowledge that any of the
wrongs conspired to be done and mentioned
in the second section of this act are about to
be committed?"
Why, sir, in the first two lines of this sec-
tion there is a bar-sinister which will prevent
any action or any remedy or any redress for
such a wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
that that phraseology is adopted from the
Maryland statute, which all parties thought
was a very fair index of this municipal respons-
ibility, as applied to corporations, which re-
quires that in order to make the corporation
liable as a body it must appear in some way
to the satisfaction of the jury that the officers
of the corporation, those persons whose duty
it was to repress tumult, if they could, had
reasonable notice of the fact that there was a
tumult, or was likely to be one, and neglected
to take the necessary means to prevent it.
Now, all that section does really, let me assure
my friend, is to dispense with the organised
political community and take up the whole
body of individuals, officers, and everybody
else, privates and officers, everybody who
stands around or who are in the vicinity, and
who know tho thing is likely to occur. So I sub-
mit to him that, that criticism, a difficulty of
proof, is one which has existed in all the State
statutes making committees responsible for
this sort of thing. To be sure, it is in differ-
ent language, and perhaps is more limited in
that respect than the amendment which we
agreed to before; but in order to get anything
we were obliged to make some concessions as
to the limitation under which the body of the
community, either individually or politically,
should answer ; and the only real change, aside
from those limitations, is the fact that we now
go against the whole body of the community
personally, while before we went, against them
politically.
Mr. SHERMAN, i again repeat that I do
not criticise the action of the Senate commit
tee, for I have no doubt that they have done
all they could; but at the same time I must
differ with the statement made by the Senator
from Vermont that this is similar in its general
phraseology to the statutes that were read here
m debate, the Maryland statute, which I read
myself, and the Kentucky statute.. There it
was only necessary to show that in the county
a general knowledge or idea prevailed that
some kind of unlawful violence was to be done,
or some kind of a riot or tumult was to arise,
and the county was liable. It was only neces-
sary to prove that by general report, by a hue
and cry, to show that awhile before it occurred
there was such a tumult as would excite the
peace officers to go there and protect the peo-
ple. Now, here is a suit against private indi-
viduals in no way implicated in the unlawful
act, and before you can make them responsible
you have got to show that they had knowledge
that the specific wrongs upou the particular
person were about to be wrought.
That any poraou or per?ons having knowlcdgo
that any of tho wrongs contpircd to bo dono and
mentioned in tho second section of ttiis act.
I say that this is a bar-sinister, and it ifs
