116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
tunity under the rules, I propose to introduce
a bill to protect loyal and peaceable citizens
of the United States in the full enjoyment of
their rights, persons, liberty, and property.
Mr. BAND ALL. I ask unanimous consent
to have a telegraphic message read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And in
the mean time I ask unanimous consent that
the bill whose title I have indicated may be
printed for the information of the House.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. BECK. I desire to give notice, so far
as I am concerned, that we shall object to any
business being done until the regular commit-
tees of the House are appointed, and to gen-
tlemen from Maine or Massachusetts, or else-
where, taking control of legislation and putting
bills on their passage.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think the
suggestion of my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] is a wise one, and that the Speaker
should appoint tho committees of the House.
Mr. NIBLA.CK. I am glad to find gentle-
men now concurring in the view which I urged
the other day.
Mr. PETERS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution.
Mr. BDTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
I object to any business being considered if I
cannot have my bill printed.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to bring before the House and have put upon
its passage a bill which has just been brought
from the Senate.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. This is a bill which
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer]
endeavored to get through last session. The
Senate have again passed it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] made a remark which the
Chair thinks calls for explanation. It does
not follow, because committees are not ap-
pointed, that all business has to be done irreg-
ularly or l>y unanimous consent. If the House
shall indicate its desire to enter upon general
legislation, the Speaker is but the servant of
the House. But, by two very docisive votes,
the Speaker lias been instructed that the House
is not desirous of havingcommittees appointed.
Other business, however, so far as the House
chooses to engage in business, can easily be
done under the regular order, according to the
rules and by the call of States.
Mr. BECK. I wish to say a word by way
of explanation. I did not desire the Speaker
to appoint committees now, or urge him to do
so; but what 1 desired to say was this: that
under the call of States, first, each gentleman
from Maine, and then each gentleman from
Massachusetts, and then each gentleman from
the other New England States, might not only
introduce any bill he pleased, but call the pre-
vious question and put it on its passage; that
I looked upon this as extremely dangerous
legislation; and that it would be better that
we should do no business at all until the reg-
ular committees are appointed. And if we
cannot succeed in adjourning, I insist on hav-
ing the committees appointed now, instead of
waiting till December next.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask unanimous consent
to have read what I hold in my hand.
Mr. BUl'LER, of Massachusetts. I object,
unless we can have debate on both sides.
Mr. RANDALL. You shall have it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; you
will not allow one word. We cannotbe heard
on this side. I cannot even get a bill printed,
and therefore I have to object to everything.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I presume there will be
no objection to concurring m the Senate bill
to which I have referred.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fr8m Mas-
sachusetts states that he objects to everything.
Mr. SCOFIELD. He will not object to
that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, I do.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on my motion that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet
on Friday next; and pending that motion I ask
fhnffhio no rcon
Mr. BUTLER,' of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. KELLEY. What is it? Is it a reso-
lution ?
Several Members. Read it yourself.
Mr. BIGGS. It will not take a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will not
object if you will allow me to read another
dispatch about another Democratic victory.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no. I am not as
good at making a bargain as you are.
Mr. BIGGS. Before the question is put
on the motion to adjourn over I would like to
have a dispatch read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. COX. It has been customary to have
telegraphic dispatches read here about the
result of elections.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And it
has been customary to print bills.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. This does not state
anything except that we have elected a Gov-
ernor and three members of Congress in New
Hampshire, and both branches of the Legis-
lature.
The question was put upon Mr. Randall's
motion ; and there wore—ayes 73, noes 81.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for tellers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 103, not voting
33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aoker. Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Book, Bigffa, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo.Crebs.Oritnher,
Crossland, Davis. Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eldridgo, Ely,
Porker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, (ictz, Golladay,
Unliith, llambloton, llanuley, Harper, John T. Har-
ris, Hereford, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kin-
sella, Lamisou. Leach, Lewis, Manson, Mnr?h:i.ll,
McCielland, McCormick, McUenry, Melntyre, Me-
Kinney, MeNecly, Merrick, Benjamin I". Meyers,
Mitchell, Morgan, Niblaek, 131 i Perry, Potter, Price,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Ilice, John M. lliee,
Ritehie, William 11. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers,
Shorwood, Shobcr, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, R. Milton
Speor, Stevens, Storm, Swann, Terry, Ttithill, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhecs, Waddell, Warren,
Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of New York, Wood,
and Young—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber, Beatty,
Bigby, ilingliam, Austin Blair, James <i. Blair,
Gcorgo M. Brooks, Buckley, Cutlinlon, Burc.bard,
Burdett, Bonja.min K. Bufler, Roderick II. Butler,
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton, Crecly, Dawes,
Bo Large, Bonnan, Dannell, Karnes, Elliott, Ifarns-
wortll, Harwell, l^inkelnburg, Charles Foster, l<Yye,
Halsev, lla.rraer, George E. Harris, Havens, ilawley,
Hay, John W. Hazloton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Lamport, Lansing,Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, xMeCrary,
McGrew, Mcrriam, Monroo, Moore, Morphia. Leon-
ard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard. Packer, Palmer,
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Po-
land, Porter, Prindle, liainoy, Ullis II. Roberts,
Rusk, Sawyer, Scolield, Seeley, Sessions. Shanks,
Sheldon, Skellabarger, Shoomaker, II. Boardman
Rin i t.h_ .Toil n A _ Smi f.h. Wnrl It! cr t-i  n C*. \ h si v ^7_
lyncr, Upson, Wakenian, Walden, Wahlron, Wal-
lace, "Walls?, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
and Jeremiah jVI. Wii*on~103.
NOT YOXIN(x —Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Clarke, Cox, Darrall, Diokey, Duell, Oarficld, Good-
rich, Ilaideman, Hale, ilanks, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazleton, Ketcham, Killinger, McJ unkin, McKee,
Mercur, Morey, Aaron F. Perry, Iloosovelt, Steven-
son, StowolJ, Sutherland, Sypher.IJwtehtTownsend,
lamer, "Washburn, Whiteley, John T. Wilson, and
Winchester—33.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I desire to know whether
it would be in order to read a telegram an-
nouncing that the Democrats have elected
their Governor, three members of Congress,
and both branches of the Legislature in the
State of New Hampshire? [Laughter and
clapping of hands.]
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent it
would be in order. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. Would it be in order
to send to the Chair and have read a telegram
that the Ku Klux Ktan murdered four men in
Mississippi last night?
The SPEAKER. It would be, by unanimous
consent.
Mr. RANDALL. You have no such tele-
gram.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is that another
Democratic triumph ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. They killed more than
that in New Hampshire yesterday.
Several members called for the regular order.
Mr. COX. I rise to a parliamentary inquiry.
Would it be in order to offer a resolution that
the loyal people of New Hampshire should be
protected before we adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. The regular order is called
for. The first business in order is the call of
States andTerritories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for resolutions, &e.
PROTECTION OF CITIZENS.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to introduce a bill
to protect loyal and peaceable citizens of the
United States in the full enjoyment of their
rights, persons, liberty, and property.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanwill state it.
Mr. COX. My point of order is, that no
notice having been given of the introduction of
this bill it is not in order to introduce it now,
except by unanimous consent. I cannot refer
to the rule just now, but the Chair is familiar
with it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The introduction of a bill re-
quires one day's previous notice. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] gave
notice to-day of this bill, but it is not in order
now to introduce it if objection is made.
Mr. COX. I object.
CONDITION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. PETERS. I offer the following reso-
lution, and call the previous question upon it:
Resolved, That a select committee of thirteen be
appointed by the Speaker, whose duty it shall be to
inquire into the condition of the late insurrectionary
States so far as regards the execution of the laws
and the safety of tho lives and property of the citi-
zens of the United States, to report the result of
their investigation to this House in December next,
with such recommendation as they may deem expe-
dient; and that said committee be authorized to
employ a clerk and stenographer, to sit during re-
cess, to send for persons and papers, to take testi-
mony, and to visit at their discretion through sub-
committees any portion of thesouthcrn Statesduring
the recess of Congress; and the expenses of said
committco shall be paid from the contingent fund
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No pre-
vious notice has been given of this resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is merely a House reso-
lution. The requirement of previous notice is
in regard to bilis and joint resolutions.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is not
this a call of States for resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It is, and under this call
a House resolution, or a bill, or a joint resolu-
tion may be introduced. But the rule is specific
that where legislation is proposed requiring
the assent of both Houses of Congress and the
approval of the President one day's previous
notice must be given of intention to introduce
such legislation. That has been the uniform
usage ot the House. But upon a point involv-
ing so much feeling as this the Chair has
fortified himself by the opinion of the Clerk.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] allow me to move an
amendment to include the State of New Hamp-
shire in the investigation which he proposes?
Mr. PETERS. I will yield to no amend-
ment, and insist upon my call for the previous
question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division There
were—ayes 93, noes 5.
r ^ The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted.
Ilie Chair will order tellers, under the rule,
and appoints the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, Mr. Butler, and the gentleman from
Ohio, Mr. Siiellabar&eb, to act as tellers.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. I am
opposed to this resolution, and I trust all who
