822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 19,
utterly idle to prosecute these persons, inno- i
cent themselves of a participation in the crime !
of any offense under this act. Besides, there j
is a manifest injustice in it. When you sue j
the county you parcel this responsibility among 1
all property-holders, because eventually that |
judgment must be paid by some kind of assess- j
meut or tax. |
The objection that was made to the first :
proposition that was sent to the House of !
.Representatives was, that if a judgment was ;j
rendered agaiust the county and execution ;
might issue upon that judgment against private j
individuals, then perhaps a loyal man who ]
was innocent entirely of the particular outrage 1
might be selected as the victim. The great j
moving cause m the House for rejecting the .
tirst proposition was, that the execution, if ;
liable to be served upon the property of any j
one, might be made the means of oppression, j
Now, sir, here the same thing occurs. The
party plaintiff is not bound to select his de- !
fendants. He is not bound to distribute this |
loss. They cannot themselves sue others, and
the most deserving in the community may be
selected to defend this suit in the United States
court for an offense in which they were not at
all participants. Sir, this does not reach the
germ, the gist, I may say, of the old law of
the hundred, which endeavored to spread upon
the whole community the result of a mob and
turbulence and violence.
Mr. President, in my judgment this section,
although intended to supply a remedy, will
give these parties no remedy whatever. It is
delusive ; it is idle. It would be better far to
leave it out. Let us have some remedy that ;
is effective, or none at all. If this is the best !
that can be done, I will vote for this bill, be-
cause it contains in it the third and fourth sec-
tions, which, at least, give the President of !
the United States the power to put down this
organized war by the military force. But I
say to Senators here, we must not handle this
matter too gingerly. The condition of affairs
as we have them described to us in the daily
papers, and as we have them described to us
in sworn testimony, is civil war, and we may as
well meet it first as last. 1 do believe that a
remedy which would extend to the whole com-
munity and would spread this loss upon ail
the people who paid taxes, connected with a
general amnesty bill and with other measures
of conciliation, would put an end to these out-
rages. Let us say to the people of the South,
" For the past we forgive you ; it was a polit-
ical quarrel, and it has passed away ; but for
these crimes against civilization, Christianity,
law, and order, this return to the dark ages,
we will prosecute you with law, with penalties,
with armies, and with violence."
Mr. President, I think that the result of all
this long debate, of all this six weeks' incuba-
tion, giving to these parties injured in all this
extent of country nothing but an expensive
legal right to sue in the courts of the United
Stales, is an inadequate result of a great de-
bate. All there is left, in my judgment, is the
additional power that is here given the Pres-
ident to put down by armed violence this
organized armed violence at the South.
Let us try this measure, however, imperfect
as it has become by the action of the House.
If peace and order shall coine as the result,
then no one will rejoice more than I over the
success of this measure; but if the work of
murder and outrage goes on, with the manifest
intent to subvert the authority of the United
States in the South, to defeat the collection
of tbe revenue, to harry officers, scourge and
murder peaceful citizens of the United States
with a view to deterthem from exercising their
rights as such, then I for one will be prepared
for such remedies as will make it the interest
of every man in ihe Souili, not only :o main-
tain his own rights, but to uphold and main-
tain the right of every other citizen to the
equal protection of the laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. T HUH MAN ad-
dressed the Chair. The floor was awarded to
Mr. Edmuxds.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Vermont yield to the Senator from Ohio ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. THURMAN. I know very well that
the duty rests on the Senator from Vermont
to reply to my colleague, but as I was a mem-
ber of this committee and did not sign the
report, the usual practice of the Seuate is that
I should state why I did not.
Mr. President, I do not wonder at the wrath
of my colleague. The Ku Klux have strangled
his child, aud at the head of the Ku Klux who
murdered the "innocent" is the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] and his chief of
staff is the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Car-
penter,] aud his aiders and abettors, or the
armies they command, are the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States. That beau-
tiful offspring of my colleague, which never
before saw the light west of the Alleghanies,
which never before was heard of, I may say,
east or west of the Alleghanies, which has to
find its parentage eight hundred years ago in
the disordered condition of English society,
has been terribly mangled at the hands of his
political friends. I do not wonder at his wrath.
I agree with him that the substitute which is
offered for his section is not worth the paper
on wfiich it is written. I agree with him that
it is lame, halt, blind, and impotent, that it is
the merest subterfuge or retreat from an un-
tenable position that ever was seen in a legisla-
tive assembly. I agree with him that no man
will ever be convicted under that section. No
dollar of damages will ever be awarded against
anybody under it. All that is most certainly
true; and therefore I cannot wonder at the
wrath of my friend and colleague when he sees
this miserable abortion presented here in place
of that heroic child, that Hercules which came
forth from his embrace with the Radical party i
of the South.
Ah, Mr. President, love for our offspring
will make us wrathful even when wrath is not
quite the dictate of wisdom. You have seen
my colleague here to night—he who has a rep-
utation, but I hope will have it no more, of
being a cold man; he who is too often said
to have no sympathy and to be of an icy na-
ture—you haveseeu him to night excited with
a most wonderful passion until he tells the
Senate of the United States that in order to
put down theseoutrages in the South, although
outrages exist everywhere in the country, he is
willing to see universal war in this land. Sir,
have we not had enough of war? Have we
not seen enough of its sufferings? Have we
not seen enough of its horrors ? Is there not
enough mourning in this land? Is there not
enough debt pressingon the people? Is there
not enough taxation on the people? Is there
not enough of terrible memories and terrible
wounds to be healed over? Is there not
enongh to make any man shudder at the idea
of another civil war? And yet the destruction
of this child of my colleague's makes him
to-night stand up here in his place in the Amer-
ican Senate and say he is willing to see another
civil war.
There have been men uncharitable enough
to suppose that the whole intent of this legis-
lation is to provoke another civil war in order
that by the employment of the military and the
excitement of the northern people the party
in power may continue in power without limit
and without stint. I have never said so. I
will never impute to a brother Senator on this
floor a motive more diabolical than that which
Lucifer felt when he fell from the battlements
of Heaven. I never will charge a Senator on
this floor with piomoting measures in the Sen-
ate lor the purpose ol inciting civil war in
order that a party may triumph or a party may
retain its power. I will not say that bell is in
the heart of a Senator of the United States
And yet, Mr. President, how many men there
are who will catch up the woids of my col-
league when he says he is willing to see uni-
versal war again to put down outrages, out-
rages which occur everywhere in the countiy
and which have occurred in «very country in
•the world. How many men are there who will
catch up that sentence and say that the dom-
inant paity in the Senate have urged these
measuies in order to incite civil war, that they
might prolong their po.ver in this land. I do
not say it ; but there are men who will say it.
If anybody shall hereafter quote the utterances
of a single Democratic Senator aud atmbuie
those utterances to tbe whole Democratic party,
he will be met with the utterances of my col-
league and a similar attempt to attribute them
to the whole Republican party of the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all that is
necessary to be said on this subject of the
amendment of ray colleague. The substitute
for it, I repeat, is not worth the paper on which
it is written. I saw with how much art and
skill that most skillful of all men in this body,
the Senator from Vermont, sought to magnify
the effect of his substitute. I give him credit
for his skill m all that; but the plain and
naked truth is, that the criticisms of my col-
league upon it are all just and well-founded.
There is nothing in it practically of any value
whatever; and i could vote for it to-night if it
were not that it attempts to punish people for
not preventing offenses against the laws of a
State. It is because the second section of this
bill undertakes to give jurisdiction to the Fed-
eral courts of offenses not against the Consti-
tution of the United States, not against the
laws of the United States alone, but also against
the laws of the States alone ; it is because that
section contains one clause in it that applies
to the laws of the States alone, and this amend-
ment to it gives a private right of action it 
respect of such crimes; it is for that reason
that I cannot vote for it. If it were limited to
offenses against the laws of the United States
or the Constitution of the United States, it
would be well worthy of consideration whether
it nrght not be adopted. I would say that there
was nothing unjust in that, for it only pun-
ishes those who could prevent such crimes,
who have the power to prevent them aud will
not exert that power. That is all that it would
do if it were iimited to offenses against the
Constitution and the laws of the United States.
My objection to it is that it goes beyond offenses
against the Constitution and the laws of the
United States; but so fur as its practical effect is
concerned my colleague is right in saying that
it is impotent. Those were not his wurds, but
that was the effect of his criticism, and it is
the truth.
Now, Mr. President, I have only to remark
upon another point, for 1 leave it to my friends
who have strangled the child of my colleague
to defend themselves against his. What shall
I say? "Caustic" would be too slight a word.
"Terrible" is almost too much of a common-
place word. What shall I say? Well, 1 do
not know but that it is a Ku Klux attack
against a Ku Klux attack. [Laughter.]
Let me say to the Senate that the report of
this second confeienee committee preserves
the second section of the jury test-oath act.
It repeals as did the former report the first
section of that act, but it preserves the second,
and for that reason, if for no other, 1 never
could give my assent to that report. Although
I have already examined this statute in remarKs
that I have heretofore submitted to the Sen-
ate, Ibeg leave to night to repeat what I have
said.
That act was passed in the midst of the war,
in the second year of the war. It was a war
measure, aud can only be defended upon the
ground that it was a war measure. The act
consists of tbiee sections.
The first section declares what shall be a
principal cause of challenge to a grand or petit
juror in the courts of the United States, and
