1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
applies to every court in the United States
whether in the North or in the South. That
section this report proposes to repeal. The
House bill as it came to us repealed the whole
act. This report proposes-to repeal simply the
first section of the act and to preserve the sec-
ond. Under the first section of the act, making
disloyalty a principal cause of challenge, it
was within the discretion of the parties to the
suit whether they would make the challenge or
not. If they were satisfied with the man, if they
believed he was an honest man, who would
render a true verdict, they could take him, and
well they might think so, when the suit might
bp on a promissory note, a bill of exchange, a
policy of insurance, or might be an action of
ejectment, an action of trespass qaare clausurii
fregU, or trespass for assault and battery, an
action for slander, a breach of contract, or the
like. They might suppose that, this man's dis-
loyalty had nothing to do with his forming a
correct judgment and rendering a true verdict
in such a case ; and therefore the first section
of this act only made it a cause of challenge
and left it to the parites whether.they would
avail themselves of that cause or not.
But the second section, which is a perfect
anomaly in legislation, provided as I will now
ask the Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. 2. And bp, it further enacted. That at each and
every term of any court of the United State*, the
district attorney, or other person acting tor and on
behalf of the United States in said court, may move,
and the court in their discretion may require, the
clerk to tender to each and every person who may
be summoned to serve as a. grand or petit juror or
venireman or talesman in said court, the folio wing
oath or affirmation, namely: * You do solemnly swear
(or affirm, as the case may be; that you will support
the Constitution of the United States of America;
that you have not, without duress or constraint,
taken up arms, or joined any insurrection or rebel-
lion against the United States; that you have not
adhered to any insurrection or rebellion, giving it
aid and comfort; that you have not, directly or indi-
rectly, given any assistance in money, or any other
thing, to any person or persons whom you knew, or
had good ground to believe, had joined, or was about
to join, said insurrection and rebellion, or had re-
sisted, or was about to resist, with force of arms, the
execution of the laws of the United States; and that
you have not counseled or advised any person or
persons to join any rebellion against, or to resist
with force oi arms, the laws of the United States.'
Any person or person? declining to take said oath
shall be discharged by the court from serving on the
grand or petit jury, or venire, to which he may have
been fcuuimoned."
Mr. THURMAN. The firstthing that strikes
one on reading that statute is what I said to
the Senate the other day, that it makes the
selection (Tf jurors in every case, in civil cases
between man and man, and in which the Uni-
ted States has no interest whatever, in cases
that are in no sense political, in cases that
have no connection whatever with the rebel-
lion, in cases in Maine as well as cases in
Texas, in cases in Boston as well as cases in
Charleston —it makes the constitution of that
jury depend not upon the will of the parties
to the suit, but upon the arbitrary will of a
judge of a Federal court and the will of a dis-
trict attorney of the United States.
If that district attorney shall move, at the
commencement of the term of court, and the
judge shall so order, that no man shall be a
juror at that term unless he can take this oath,
then no man, unless he can take it, can be
such juror; and although every party litigant
in that court should desire him to be a juror, he
is excluded from the jury-box. In other words,
the aribtrary discretion is given to the district
attorney and the district judge to rule out every
man whom the parties litigant in that court
might desire to sit as a juror in their case. In
cases iti which the United States has no possible
interest whatever, cases that are not in the
least degree political, an action on a policy of
insurance or a bill of exchange, or a promis-
sory note, in all such actions, in every action
in short, every man who cannot take that oath
may be excluded from the jury box if the dis-
trict attorney shall move to exclude him and
the court shall be weak enough or base enough
to make the order.
Now, sir, what is the consequence? In
Georgia, where the Attorney General of the
United States resides, if thejudge should make
such an order, your Attorney General could
not be a juror. In North Carolina, where the
Senator whose seat is before me [Mr. Pool]
resides, if the judge should make such an
order, he could not be a juror. In Georgia,
where the Senator over there [Mr. Hill] re-
sides, if thejudge should make such an order,
he, a member of the Senate of the United
States, whose disabilities have been removed,
could not be a juror. Nay, more, m the State
of Virginia, where Judge iiives, whose disa-
bilities have been removed, presides in the
district court, he might be asked to make an
order which would exclude him from the jury-
box if he were not the judge; and there would
be a judge disqualified himself from sitting oil
the jury, requiring that every man in the like
attitude should leave the jury-box and be un-
able to sit in it.
That, sir, is this law. If there ever was a
law that violated every principle of justice, if
there ever was a law that violated every prin-
ciple of public policy—I do not speak now of
the time when it was enacted, a time of war,
but now in a time of peace—it is this very sec-
ond section of this act which the report of the
conference committee proposes to retain.
Nay, more, sir, what is your fourteenth
amendment, which so sedulously guards the
rights, privileges, and immunities of the citi-
zens of the United States and of the States,
and which so carefully declares that no State
shall make any law that shall deprive any per-
son resident in it of the equal protection of the
laws worth if you can preserve on your stat-
ute-book sueh a law as this? Where are the
equal rights and privileges of citizens ; where
is the equal protection of the law ; where are
the rights, privileges, and immunities of the
citizens, if Congress can exclude from the jury
box ninety one hundredths of all the people
of the late insurrectionary States ? And when
I say all the people I mean the black people
as well as the white. For what says this act?
What is a man to swear? Without reading
the whole oath, let me show you one single
thing he is to swear :
"That you have not, directly or indirectly, given
any assistance in money, or any other thing, to any
person or persons whom you knew, or had good
ground to believe, had joined, or was about to join,
said insurreotion and rebellion, or had resisted, or
was about to resist, with force of aruis, the execu-
tion of the laws of the United States."
It is not necessary that the aid should have
been given with intent 
Mr. BLAIR. I want to put one question to
the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio declines to yield.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not necessary that
the aid should have been given for the purpose
of aiding the rebellion. The language is de-
scriptive of the person to whom the aid is given
and omits auy intent; and therefore, although
the aid was given without any intent to assist
the rebellion at all. although the cup of water
was given to a wounded confederate soldier
merely to quench the thirst that tortured him
in the agony of death, this act prohibits the
man who gave the drop of water, prohibits the
good Samaritan who poured oil in the wound,
from sitting in the jury-box. That is what
your act is. It is not like the test-oath in
regard to office ; it does not require at all that
the assistance shall have been given to aid the
rebellion ; if it has boon given to any of the
description of persons named in the act, if one
has fed the hungry, if one has nursed the sick,
if one has cared the wounded, if one has given
a crust of bread to the poor, weary confederate
man, he cannot sit in a jury-box under that
section.
Now, sir, who can take that oath in the South,
and take it honestly? Everybody says that
ninety-nine out of every hundred of the white
people cannot take it there, and I say that
ninety-nine out of every hundred of the black
people cannot take it there honestly. Why,
sir, this world never saw such devotion of
slaves to their masters as characterized the
black people in the late war. In the great
civil wars in Italy one of the greatest dreads,
one of the greatest terrors that the Govern-
ment had, was that the slaves would rise, and
the slaves did rise ; but there was no insurrec-
tion of the blacks in this country in the late
civil war. On the contrary, they stayed on the
plantations, they worked under the control of
women where there wore no men to control
them ; they furnished food for the insurgent
armies, they supported their masters who were
in the field and the families of their masters
who were left at home; and in all history there
is no instance of such devotion as they had for
those with whom they lived and whom they
had been accustomed to obey. -
Sir, there is not one out of a hundred of
them who could honestly take that oath and
sit in a jury-box. And that law now is to be
preserved. That law which has no parallel,
that law which has no precedent, that law
which shocks human reason, that law which
only serves as an irritant, that law which is in
plain contradiction to the spirit if not the letter
of your fourteenth amendment, that law which
is wholly inconsistent with what our Republican
friends so often herald as the great, liberal, pro-
gressive, and free spirit of their party, that law
this conference committee insists shall remain
in force.
Mr. President, I never can vote for any bill
that perpetuates that law. The House of Repre-
sentatives covered itself with honor, it covered
itself with glory when it proposed to repeal
that law in the bill which it sent to us, and all
honor is due to that House for that repealing
clause. Here we will not either accept the
action of the House nor will we wholly dissent
from it; but we have a sort of middle ground
which takes away the first section of the act
but leaves the irritating and provoking second
section, more detrimental to justice, more vio-
lative of reason, more provocative of discon-
tent than even the first section.
For that reason, sir, if for no other, I never
could have signed this report, and never can
vote for a bill that thus leaves that section in
full force. No, Senators! You had before
you a glorious opportunity. Outrages have
been committed at the South, magnified a
hundred fold, it is true ; but still outrages that
no man can justify. Every member of the
Senate wanted to see them suppressed ; every
member of the Senate wanted to see them put
down ; every member of the Senate was willing
to exercise all the constitutional powers of
this Government, as he believed them to exist,
in order to put them down. You had the
opportunity when you passed a law for that
purpose to couple with it the repeal of this
jury act; and you had italso in your power to
pass that general amnesty act which almost
every southern Senator on this floor has im-
plored you to pass, and which almost every
one of them has told you would do more to
put an end to these outrages than all the penal
laws that ever Draco penned, or that ever
Dionysius of Syracuse executed. But you
have spurned everything like conciliation.
You utter not one word of conciliation toward
the South. The amnesty bill is rejected ; the
jury test oath is retained. You still go upon
the theory that was practiced by England for
six hundred years toward Ireland ; that, was
practiced by Austria for three centuries toward
Hungary. You still go upon the idea that
there is no virtue except in force; that there
is no balm in kindness and conciliation.
Mr. President, every day that 1 have lived
since this measure was introduced in the Sen-
