1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11?
attended the caucus last night will oppose it,
as they are in honor bound to do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, (in his seat.)
Why don't you go and tell?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I don't
kiss and tell. After that remark I decline to
serve as teller.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee, Mr. Mayward, will act as teller with
the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Shellabar-
GElt.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 102, noes 10.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; which
was upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
CAMPBELL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. As this same matter
has been referred to a committee of the Sen-
ate, is this resolution in order?
The SPEAKER. The House has no cog-
nizance of what the Senate does, except when
there is concurrent action of the two Houses.
Mr. RANDALL. Thank God for that.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 126, nays 04, not voting
33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aekcr, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Beck, AustinBlair. James G. Blair,Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Buffmton, Burchard, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Conger, Cook, Cox,
Crebs, Criteher, Dawes, Duke, Eames, Ely, Farns-
worth, Far well, Finkelnburg, Forlccr, Charles Fos-
ter. Frye, Garlield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith,
Hale, Halsey, Ilambleton, llarmer, Harper, George
E. Harris, .John T. Harris, Hay, Gerry W. llazleton,
John W. llazleton, Hill, llolman, Kendall, Kerr,
Keteham, Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lan-
sing, Loach, Lynch, Manson, Maynard, McClelland,
McCrary. MeGrew, Mcllenry, Mo Jim kin, MeKinney,
McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Niblaek, Packer, Palmer,
Pendleton, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter, Price,
Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
Ellis H. Roberts, William It. Roberts, Robinson,
Scofield, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, It. Milton Speer, Thomas
J. Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Suth-
erland, Swann, Sypher, Terry, Washington Town-
send, Tuthill, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Walls, W arrea, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of New
York, and Wood—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Beatty, Bigby,
Bingham, Bird, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bur-
dett, Benjamin I:1. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Co-
burn, Creely, Crossland, Davis, Donnan, DuBose,
Diuinell, Eldridgc, Elliott, Ilandley, Havens, Ilaw-
ley, Hereford, Hoar, Hooper, Lewis, Lowe, McCor-
mick, Mclntyre, Merriam, Monroo, Morey, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Parker, Peck, Perce,
Platt.Porter, Rainey, John M. Rice, Rusk, Sawyer,
Seeley, Shanks, Sloss, II. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snyder, Stevenson, Stowell, St. John, Taffe,
Twichell.Tyner,Van Trump,Wallacc.Whiteley,Wil-
liams of Indiana, John 1'. Wilson, and Young—Gl.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Arthur, Banks,
Barry, Biggs, Carroll, Cotton, Darrall. De Large,
Dickey, Box, Duell, Henry D. Foster, Goodrich,
jlaldeinan, Hanks, Hays, Kelley, Lamport, Marshall,
AlcKee, Mercur, Aaron i\ Perry, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Turner, Washburn, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and Winchester—S3.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BRIGHT said: I vote "ay" under
protest.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. PETERS. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to reconsider;
and pending that motion I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman can-
not make two motions at the same time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] moved
to reconsider.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Which way did the
gentleman from Tennessee vote?
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee was not recognized by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It makes no matter which
gentleman is recognized, as the motion to re-
consider made by one gentleman could imme-
diately be followed by a motion of another
gentleman to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider. But the motion to adjourn of
course takes precedence.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 48, noes 87.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
tellers.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays.
We may as welliake them at once.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 121, not voting
27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Beatty, Bigby,
Bingham, George M. Brooks, Buekloy, Burdctt,
Benjamin F. Butler, Clarko, Cobb, Coburn, Cotton,
Creely, De Large, Donnan, Bames, Elliott, Erye,
Harmer, Havens, IXawley, John W. Hazleton, Hoar,
Hooper, Kelley, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard,
MeGrew, McJunkin, Merriam, Monroe, Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr. Packard,
Palmer, Paikor. Peck. Pendleton, Peree, Piatt, Por-
ter, Prindle, Rfiiney, Ellis Ifc Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer,
Seeley, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Steven-
son, Stowell, St. John, Taife, Thomas, Twiehell,
Tyner, Up^on, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, AYalls,
Whitelcy, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M.Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—7.3.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Buffmton,
Burcliard, Caldwell, Campboll, Carroll, Comingo,
Conger. Cook, Crebs, Criteher, Crossland, Davis,
Dawes, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Dunncll, Eldridge, Ely,
Farnsworth, Favwell, Finkelnburg, Porker, Henry
D. Foster, Garlield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith,
Hale, Halsey, Ilambleton, Ilandley, Harper, George
E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Hill, llol-
man, Kendal], Kerr, King, Kmsclla, Lamison, Lan-
sing, Loaeh, Lewis. Marshall, McClelland, McCor-
mick, Molleury, Mclntyre, McKmney, McNeely,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Niblaek, Packer, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland,
Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
Rogers, Itoosevelt, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss,
Aforthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stevens,
Storm, Stoughton, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher,
Terry, Washington Tcfwnsend, Tuthill, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of New
York, Wood, and Young—121.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames,Banks,Barry, Rod-
erick It. Butler, Cox, Darrall, Dickey, Duell. Charles
Foster, Goodrich, llaldeman, Hanks. Hays, Gerry
V/. llazleton, Keteham, Killinger, Manson, MeCrary,
MeKeo, Mercur, Aaron F. Perry, Sessions, Dwight
Townsend, Turner, Waldron, Washburn, and Win-
chester—27.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
oil the pending motion of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Plters,] to lay upon the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was adopted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
110, noes 29.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. PETERS. Idesire to state, Mr. Speaker,
as I offered the resolution just adopted under
the call of the State of Maine, that under no
circumstances do I wish to be placed upon
that committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
wish to st-ate that under no circumstances do I
desire to be placed upon that committee.
Mr. COX. Nobody wants you on the com-
mittee.
adjournment sine die.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a privileged
question, and submit the following resolution :
Resolvedly the Senate and House of Representation,
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives be authorized to
close the present session by adjourning their respect-
ive Houses on the 20th day of March, instant, at
twelve o'clock, noon.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not that resolution
require one day's previous notice?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and uays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 76, not
voting 29 ; as follows :
YEAS-Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Buffioton,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cook, Cox,
Crebs, Criteher, Dawes, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eld-
ridge, Ely, Farnsworth Farwell, Forker, Garrott,
Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Hale, Hambleton, Ilandley.
Harmer, Harper, George U. Harris, John T. Harris
Hawley, Hereford, Kerr, Keteham, Killinger. King,
lunsella, Lamison, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Slanson,
Marshall, McClelland, McUravy, McG-rcw, Mcllonry,
Mclntyre. McJunkin, McKinnoy, McNecly. Mcr-
rick, Benjamin E. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
Morphis, Niblaek, Packer, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland,
Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. ltiee, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberts, William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, Worthington 0. Smith, Snyder, It. Milton
Speer, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthni, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waddell, Waldron, Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of In-
diana, Williams of New York, Wood, and
Young—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Beatty, Big by,
Bingham, Georgo M. Brooks, Buckley, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick K.Butler,
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Creely, De Large,
Donnan, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Finkclnburg,
Charles Foster. Fiye, Havens, Hay, Gerry W. llazle-
ton, John W.Hazleton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Nogley, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Piatt,
Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Rusk, Sawyer, Shanks,
Shellabarger, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Stowell, Taii'c, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wal-
lace, Walls, Whitelcy, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—76.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barry,
Comingo, Crossland. Darrall, Davis, Dickey, Duell.
Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Goodrich, Haldeman,
Halsey, Hanks, Hays, Holman, Kendall, McCor-
mick, MeKeo, Mercur, Aaron I'. Perry, Rogers,
Sessions, St. John, Sypher, Turner, Washburn, and
Winchester—29.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER moved to reconsider the
motion by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Barclay's digest.
Mr. PRYE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That there bo printed after the olose of
each session, and on the same terms as heretofore,
the usual edition of the Constitution, Manual, Rules,
and Barclay's Digest for the use of the members of
tho House at the next session thereafter.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the phraseology
of the resolution might be changed so as to have
the Journal clerk prepare for publication anew
edition.
Mr. DAWES. Iwishhewouldputtheindex
to all the contents at the end.
The SPEAKER. This is the ussal form of
the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire that he may be
authorized to revise it, and not necessarily
compel him to reprint in its present form.
The SPEAKER. Such a modification could
be made.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. PRYE moved to reconsider tho motion
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment.
Mr. WOOD moved that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The House divided; and there vi'ere—ayes
GO. noes 79.
So the motion was disagreed to.
COMMITTEE ON KU KLUX OUTRAGES.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the committee under the resolution adopted
to-day:
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts; Mr. Shella-
barger, ofOhio; Mr. Kjjllet, of Pennsylvania;
