118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 16,
Mr. Mayjjard, of Tennessee; Mr. Coburn,
of Indiana; Mr. Buckley, of Alabama; Mr.
Stevensos, of Ohio; Mr. Bcrdett, of Mis-
souri; Mr. Cox, of New York; Mr. Beck, of
Kentucky; Mr. Archer, of Maryland; Mr.
Waddell, of North Carolina; and Mr. Rob-
inson, of Illinois.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOOPER, of
Massachusetts, (at three o'clock and fifty-five
minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BURCHARD: A petition for the
passage of an act granting homesteads to
soldiers, and without settlement to those who
have lost an arm or leg in the service.
Iiy Mr. EAMES: The petition of Albert
Briggs and 504 others, for increase of duties
on manufactured machinery.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of A. D. Stew-
art, Byron Rockwood, and 10 others, soldiers
and citizens of Bowling Green, Wood county,
Ohio, that the bill granting homesteads to
actual settlers be so amended as to grant one
hundred and sixty acres of land without actual
settlement.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of W. II.
Moore & Co., for $4G,120, on account of dep-
redations committed by Cheyenne Indians in
May, 1860.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 10, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. Dr. Catiier, of London.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
message prom tiih house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersou, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following joint
resolutions, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 30) to correct
tlio enrollment of the naval appropriation act;
and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. Jil) granting
the right to erect a monument to Professor
Morso on a Government reservation.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following resolution, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
Resolvedly the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
. "10 ."-ouso of Representatives bo authorized to
closo tho present session by adjourning their respect-
ive Houses on the 20tli day of March, instant, at
twelvo o'clock, noon.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint
resolution (H. R. No. 4) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to turn over certain prop-
erty to the managers of the Industrial Home
School of the District of Columbia ; and it
was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
iioksh bills referred.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 30) to cor-
rect the enrollment of the naval appropriation
act was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
morse mondment.
The joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 31) granting
the right to erect a monument to Professor
Morse on a Government reservation was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds have
taken notice of the passage of this joint reso-
lution in the House and are unanimously in
favor of its passage. It is merely giving con-
sent, without any expense to the Government,
tor the erection of a monument to Professor
Morse at the intersection of Seventh street
and Pennsylvania avenue, on a Government
reservation there.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen
ator desire that this joint resolution shall be
changed to a bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, and others.
Make it a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be amended
so as to make it a bill.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker of
tile House of Representatives be authorized to close
tho present session by adjourning their respective
Houses on the 20th day of March, instant, at twelve
o'clock, noon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that that lie on
the table temporarily^
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the petition of
Mrs. Sally Rodman, widow of General Isaac
P. Rodman, who fell at Antietam, asking com-
pensation for two horses belonging to her hus-
band which were lost in the service; but the
case does not come within the technical rules
of the Third Auditor's office on account of the
difficulty of making some negative proof. I
move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I also offer a memorial
frorn Thomas P. Lamphear, Horatio A. Stone,
Edwin Johnson, Benjamin N. Briggs, Daniel
Babcock, and many others, manufacturers of
machinery, representing that the duty upon
the raw material that enters into their manu-
facture is double the duty on the manufactured
article with which they have to compete, and
asking that there may be increased duty on
the raw material. I move the reference of this
memorial to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Annie E. Boyle, widow of tho late Commodore
Junius J. Boyle, of the United States Navy,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Robert Squires, Lyman Tremain, and others,
praying the removal of all restrictions from
the laying of international telegraph lines;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
George Wright, of Washington, District of
Columbia, praying compensation for the past
and future use of his patented linchpin,
adopted and used by the ordnance depart-
ment for field-artillery carriages; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
_ Mr. RICE presented the memorial of the
city council of Fort Smith, Arkansas, praying
that the boundary lino first surveyed between
that city and the military reservation at that
place be adopted ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR, presented the petition of Major
C. H. Frederick, praying pay and allowances
as lieutenant colonel from June 17 to August 5,
1861; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Abram F.
Bines and Jesse F. Mann, praying the passage
of a law to prevent the abduction of minors
in the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Lewig Elmer & Soil gnd others, praying the
establishment of a standard for imported vine-
gar; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CONKLING- presented the petition of
Thomas N. Kirkpatrick, late consul of the
United States at Nassau, praying additional
compensation as consul from the termination
of the rebellion to the expiration of his term
of service ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HAMILTON presented the petition of
Emily Claggett, of Maryland, praying com-
pensation for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORTON. I present a memorial from
the Southern Republican Association, which,
if there is no objection, I osk to have read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the paper will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Memorial to the Senate and Home of Representa-
tives of the Forty-Second Congress of the United
States,
Wc, the members of the Southern Republican
Association of the District of Columbia, composed
of citizens of all the southern States temporarily
resident in the city of Washington, desirous for tho
peacc and happiness of the community, having read
the majority and minority reports of the Senate
committee, as far as published, on southern out-
rages, do earnestly memorialize Congress that some
immediate action of a stringent and preventive char-
acter be decided on, that ample protection for life,
liberty, and property may be hereafter secured to
every citizen ot those States, whatever may be his
color, condition, or political faith. We do this more
especially in behalf of the loyal element of the
South; and we believe that unless the Ku IClux
Klans and all other secret organizations inimical to
the authority of the Government wherever they may
bo found to exist are not suppressed, and proper
examples made of the leaders of the same, that there
will be no legal protection to the friends of the
Union in any section of the country wherein such
organizations are in existence, as is now known to
be the case in several of the southern States, em-
barrassing the Government, preventing immigra-
tion, retarding the advancement and general inter-
ests not only of individuals, but the public.
.By authority of the association;
ALLAN RimiERjFOKD,
JAMES VAN VLECK, Secretary.
The memorial was referred to the select
committee on alleged outrages in the southern
Stales.
removal 01' political disabilities.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a moment to take up House
bill No. 170, to relieve the political disabilities
of Charles H. McBlair, of Maryland. Mr.
McBlair is the adjutant general of the State.
There is some contest in law now about a
large amount of property belonging to the
State, which can only be properly terminated
by taking the disabilities off this gentleman,'
so that he can act for the State. He has been
in the adjutant general's office of Maryland
for some years, and it is proposed to have him
attend to the interest of the State. The Gov-
ernor was here yesterday, and asked it as a
favor to himself and an act of justice to this
gentleman.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
morning business, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania asks consent that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of a bill removing from Mr.
McBlair, of Maryland, political disabilities.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none.
The bill (H. R. No. 170) to relieve the polit-
ical disabilities of Charles II. McBlair, of
Maryland, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole, the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities being dis-
charged from the consideration thereof.
Mr. POJIEROY. I understand this gentle-
man has asked over his own signature to be
relieved. I shall not object.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, and was read the third
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of this bill, which, by the Con-
stitution, requires a two-thirds vote. Senators
in favor of its passage will say " oyy' those
