1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
force you may have and help your neighbor to
vesistit; you are a mutual insurer for your
neighbor, being advised of the danger: and
therefore in the performance of that duty you
must see to it, even at some personal risk,"
(if not disagreeable to the honorable Senator,
as it certainly would not be,) "to stand up
and take your chance in assisting to preserve
the peace just as if you were called upon by
the sheriff." That is the scope of this section.
I feel safe, therefore, Mr. President, in say-
ing that the committee on the part of the Sen-
ate have not altogether surrendered to any
sham or delusion, but that they have saved
something substantial, and something that I
am somewhat inclined to believe on reflection
will act as effectually in the communities where
it is designed to operate and where it may act
as the other section would.
I do not wish to occupy time with the
argument of the honorable Senator touching
the jurors' oath clause. That has been dis-
cussed before, and the honorable Senator is
entitled to all the benefit of the argument he
can make about that in favor of keeping all
the criminals in the community in the jury-
box and keeping all the honest men out.
The scope of his argument is that it is an
unconstitutional and unjust provision which
excludes from the jury-box a class of criminals
in aconntry in a time of excitement, and when,
in the judgment of the judge, that class of
criminals may be morally if not legally acces-
sory to the crimes which are about to be tried;
and to repeal this provision under the circum-
stances that we know exist would be just like
repealing a provision which provided that in
any case of a trial for perjury all people who
had been guilty of perjury before should be
excluded from the box. That, according to
the argument of the honorable Senator, would
be a great outrage. Why should a man who
has committed perjury be excluded from the
jury box when a perjury trial is to come up,
or any other trial?
And, as tny honorable friend from New
York [Mr. Conklino] so well suggests in the
same line of thought, why should a man on
trial for polygamy not have all polygamists in
the box ? Why should not a jury in a case of
polygamy be so arranged under the law as that
all polygamists, as in Utah, should pack the
jury-box or fill it up and try the case? The
honorable Senator from Ohio can no doubt
answer, because be is astute in all the law,
and he can no doubt demonstrate to the satis-
faction of the Senate some day—I hope not
to-night, because he has occupied some con-
siderable time ; but some day I hope he may
demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Senate
that the true method of administering justice is
always to put into the jury-box, when a crim-
inal is to be on trial, all the species of crim-
inals you can rake out of the community, so
as to have him tried, as Magna Charta said, by
his peers. Then every thief must be tried by
a jury of thieves, every traitor must be tried
by a jury of traitors, and so on ! That is the
object of the repeal of this statute ; and a great
row is made because it is left to-the authority
of the judge to determine whether men who
have committed treason against their country,
who have dyed themselves in what the fathers
thought and what the statutes declared to be
the vilest and blackest of crimes, should be set
aside for men who come with clean hands and
pure hearts to the jury-box. That is the ques-
tion ; and I should not be very much disturbed
if that should result in bringing some men
whose faces are not quite as white, to say noth
ing of their hearts, as some of those who op-
pose it. But I have occupied too much time,
sir, over this subject. I am sure the Senate
understand it.
Mr. THUUMAN. Mr. President, when at
the close of my colleague's remarks I dis-
covered that the Senator from Vermont rose
simultaneously with me to address the Senate,
an instinct of prudence suggested to me that
I ought to give way to him and not ask him to
give way to me, and the result has verified the
correctness of that instinct. Had I given way
to him he would have mauled my colleague.
As it is he has attempted to maul me. [Laugh-
ter.] It was a very injudicious thing in me to
take the floor instead of yielding it to him.
He has, under color of giving me a good sound
mauling, let my colleague, who " went for" him
as a certain historical character " went for " the
"heathen Chinee," [laughter,] escape with-
out a single blow. [Laughter.] That is just
whatl should expect from his adroitness; and,
now, the truth of it is that the Senator from
Vermont and my colleague owe me an eternal
debt of gratitude that I saved them from going
at each other in the way that they would have
gone at each other if I had not intervened.
But, Mr. President, the Senator has been
pleased to make a speech—I wili not call it an
argument, although I do not mean to be dis-
respectful when I say it is not one; he has
been pleased to make a speech in reply to what
I said. I spoke of the substitute for the amend-
ment of my colleague; I spoke of it in such
terms as I in my judgment believed were war-
ranted, and then I spoke of the act of Congress
in regard to the jurors' oath, and the illustra-
tions that I gave were simply to show what
was the effect of that act; and now I submit
to the Senate whether the Senator from Ver-
mont has made any answer at all to what I
said. I might leave it just here and submit
to the good sense of this Senate whether it
required one hundredth part of the ability that
the Senator from Vermont possesses to make
the speech that he has just addressed to the
Senate. Why, Mr. President, there are some
things that are painful to see. It is not pain-
ful to see a weak man make a weak speech,
but it is painful to see a man of ability sinking
to the level of the weakest intellect that can
be found in the land.
The Senator says that I am only pursuing
the course that I and the Democratic party did
from 1861 to 1865, that I am only defending
the same cause. What does he mean by that?
If he means that I and the Democratic party
stood by the Constitution of the United States
and condemned every violation of that Con-
stitution, then I tell him I am defending the
same cause that 1 did then. Will that Senator
stand up here and say that from 18G1 to 18G5
there were no violations of the Constitution ?
Will that Senator stand up here and, in the
face of- this very bill which assumes that the
power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
is ti legislative power, in the face of the decis
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States
that it is a legislative power, say that President
Lincoln did not violate the Constitution when
he undertook, without any authority of Con-
gress, to suspend the privileges of that writ?
Will he stand up here and say that trials by
military commission in States where justice
was unobstructed, where the courts were in
the full exercise of all their functions, that
trials by military commission in the State of
Ohio, in the State of New York, in the State
of Pennsylvania, were not violations of the
Constitution of the United States? Why, what
has your Supreme Court decided? Decided
that they were violations, decided that there
was no authority whatsoever to try any man
by military commission, even during the war,
in the midst of the war, where the civil courts
were in the undisturbed exercise of their func-
tions as courts. Will the Senator condemn
me because I maintained the same doctrine
that your own court, composed almost ex-
clusively of Republican judges, has declared
to be the Constitution of the land ?
That, sir, is the whole extent of my offend-
ing, the whole " head and front" of it, that I,
who have again and again taken the oath to
support the Constitution, believed that that
oHth was binding on my conscience, and not
only believed that it was binding on my con-
science, but believed that every violation of
the Constitution by the Government weakened
the Government and lessened the chance that
we had to putdown the rebellion and to restore
peace to the country. I may be reproached as
much as any one sees fit to reproach me with
standing by the Constitution of the country. I
believed that that Constitution was made for
war as well as for peace. There is no word in
it that limits it to times of peace; there is no
word in it that says that in war it shall be silent,
and he who takes an oath to support it is bound
to support it in war as well as in peace.
But again, sir, the Senator said the only
word of sympathy I expressed was for the poor
confederate soldier. 1 expressed no word of
sympathy for the poor confederate soldier. I
was illustrating this act. I said that under the
very letter of the law, if you were to stand by
the mere letter of it, the man who put a glass
of cold water to the lips of a dying confederate
soldier to alleviate his agony could not sit in the
jury-box under this act. Is that sympathy?
But, if the Senator wants it, let me tell him
I have sympathy for suffering humanity where
over it is to be found, I do not measure my
sympathies by the fact whether a man suffers
in a right cause or a wrong cause ; it is suffi-
cient that he is suffering; it is sufficient, that be
is agonized, it is sufficient that he is in want,
to command my sympathies, and if he is an
erring brother, that Gospel which all men
ought to revere tells us that wc should have
more sympathy for him even because of his
errors. The Saviour of mankind did not come
upon the earLh to save the righteous, but to
save the wicked. His sympathy was bestowed
more upon the erring than it was bestowed
upon those who had committed no errors. N o,
sir, no man can reproach me or any other mail
who has a heart in his body for sympathizing
with suffering, whoever may be the sufferer.
But, again, the Senator says that this law is
a law to exclude criminals from the jury box.
Ah I Is the Attorney General of the United
States a criminal who ought to be excluded
from the jury-box? He cannot take this
oath. Is the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Pool] a criminal who ought to be ex-
cluded frotn the jury box? He cannot take
this oath. Is General Longstreet, to whom
you have given one of the rietiest offices in this
country, a criminal so as to bo excluded from
the jury-box? He cannot take this oath. So
I might go on for an hour to call to your mmd
Federal office-holders, men from whom you
have removed the disabilities created by die
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
and is the Senator prepared to say that tlicy
are all criminals because they cannot take this
oath ?
But how does it become the Senator, how
does it become any man who is willing to rea-
son fairly, to say that the crimes, if tliey were
crimes, that these men committed by rebellion
against the Government of the United States,
is any evidence whatsoever that they are in-
sensible to these outrages that are now com-
mitted at the South, when every fair man does
know that nine tenths at least and more than
nine tenths of the people of the South are as
much opposed to these outrages as is any man
on the floor of the Senate?
What, justice is there in talking about crim-
inals, til branding whole communities a? crim-
inals, branding eleven States of this Union as
criminals, all the people in them as criminals,
and saying that because they committed what
we declare to have been a crime or an offense
ten years ago, therefore they are participes
criminis in crimes that are committed to day?
What kind of reasoningis that, Mr. President?
How does such Reasoning become a man of
the intellect of the Senator from Vermont?
Sir, I need not elaborate such things, i have
all my life been able to answer, a::d to answer
without any excitement, argument that was
argument. Mere declamation I have never
been able to answer with the patience that I
ought, perhaps, to possess.
