826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.April 19,
I do not know that it is necessary that I
should say anything more m answer to the
speech of'the Senator from Vermont. If that
speech had been made on some stump before
an illiterate audience whom he wished to ex-
cite, if it had been made where there was
nobody who knew what was the Constitution
of the United States, nobody who had ever
looked into the statute-books of the land,
nobody who had ever been trained to reason,
nobody who was excited by anything but his
nassious or his prejudices, I could very well
understand that that might, be called an effect
ive stump speech, but, made in the Senate of
the United States, I must be allowed to say-
that it was not worthy of the Senator's char-
acter, not worthy of his reputation, not worthy
of his intellect.
Mr. CASSERLY. I had not intended to say
anything at this stage of the debate, but the
speeches to which we have just listened from
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] oblige
me to trouble the Senate with some remarks.
To say, Mr. President, that this conference
report is a disappointment to all who hoped,
from the action of the House of Representa-
tives in rejecting the former conference report,
that the second conference would heed that
action and would give us a moderate bill, a
bill purged of both the Senate amendments, so
vindictive and unconstitutional, would be to
state but mildly the feelings of Senators on this
side of the Chamber. When I came to the
Chamber this evening I heard loud, excited
speaking before I reached the door. Upon
entering the Chamber I discovered to my sur-
prise that the speaker was the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] A year ago at this date
I should have been surprised to hear from that
Senator such a speech. I should have been
astonished to hear from him such sentiments,
uttered with a temper which vibrated in every
tone of his voice. I am constrained to say,
however, that though I heard him to-night with
regret, I felt no surprise when he declared
himself on any ground for general civil war.
It is not the first time within the past twelve
months, 1 lament to say of a Senator of his
high position in the governing party of this
country, that he has given utterance to the
same shocking sentiments. Last year, during
the second session of Congress, in a debate on
one of the enforcement bills, if I remember
the measure, he uttered a menace of civil war.
The same session, in a debate on one of the
Georgia bills, though it may have been another
bill, he announced that his purpose and his
wish was to see murder organized in the South,
so that what he was pleased to call the unor-
ganized murder of the Ku Klux might be met
by the organized murder by the negro popu-
lation of Georgia, f may be wrong as to the
bills then under debate; I am not wrong as
to the sentiments expressed by the Senator.
Now, this night, we hear him again panting
for civil war, menacing civil war, declaring
that he is for ''general, universal civil war."
True, he is for it, as he says, "to put down
these things" at the South. That ground is
none at all. You do not "put down these
things'' in that way. Yes, sir; now, in the
seventh year since the war ceased, the Senator
stands here as the Semprotiius of the Senate,
and, not now for the first time, declares that
"his voice is stiil for war.'' Sir, no man who
knows what civil war iu the land is, 110 man
who has faced its dread reality in the field oi\
elsewhere, would take the place of the Senator
iu his demand for " universal civil war."
Sir, I know a great soidier who looked upon
our civil war in its actual horror, who strongly
coped with it on many a hartf-iought field. i
think I know that he would never think of
another civil war as a cure for these things in
the South. Never, never would he, before
seven years are gone by since the surrender
at Appomattox, menace the country with
" universal civil war."
Sir, as I listened to the loud and passionate
speech of the Senator from Ohio, and I might
include the speech of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Edmunds.] who followed him on the
sameside, I was reminded of thescene between
Snug, the joiner, and Peter Quince, in Mid-
summer Night's Dream. As lhe Senate will
remember, Snug aspired to play the lion iu
the farce, hut was doubtful of his ability. His
friend was Quince. 1 do not know who the
Quince of the Senate is upon this occasion, but
we can all guess who the Suugof theSenate is.
Mr. EDMONDS, (in his seat.) Oh, yes;
there is no difficulty about that. "[Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, there is
no jesting so easy as that which is uttered in
an undertone, which nobody can hear except
a little knot of claqueurs about the jester.
Mr. SHERMAN. Everybody could hear
that, and everybody applied it.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; everybody did
not hear it. I did not for one, nor, I think, did
any one about me. I never object to a retort,
however sharp, when it is a fair one. It is not
fair when it cannot be heard. I do not even
know the assailant. He may be one whose
ambition it is to be " of them that will them-
selves laugh to set on some quantity of barren
spectators to laugh too." A Senator's ambi-
tion should be rather above that. I will now
proceed without interruption.
As I was saying, sir, Snug was ambitio.us to
play the lion, but wanted to rehearse the part,
and asked Quince if it was written. To that
Quince says:
" You may do it extempore, for it is nothing but
roaring."
So, sir, the part played here to night is a
very easy one: " It is nothing but roaring."
1 shall not discuss the Senator's section,
which it seems was rejected iu the conference.
I have already examined it more at length,
perhaps, than was necessary. I shall refer
only to some remarks that have just been made
by the Senator. He says his section gives a
remedy as old as the English law. That may
be. The remedy might be much older and
yet be wholly unsuited to the present condition
of things iu this country. So the conference
committee seems to have thought. The com-
mittee rejected it, but, by way of a very small
tub to the whale, they substituted a section of
which the very best thing that can be said is
that it is nearly impotent for good or evil.
The Senator asks, what is the objection to
his section ? There is no objection to it in
the world except that it is unjust and oppress
ive, unless where it is impracticable; that it
is most unconstitutional; that it is borrowed
from a semi-barbarous age, and spoiled in the
borrowing, for it is ever so much worse than
the law even of that age. For all those rea-
sons it is unsuited to the American people,
who have a written Constitution, who are not
semi-barbarous, who are reasonably desirous,
to the extent of their ability, to obey the laws
and see that they are obeyed by others.
" What is the objection to it?" asks the
Senator. Another objection to it is that the
conference committee did not want it, and
rejected it. Speaking the voice of the two
Houses the committee threw it out. This has
so irritated the Senator that, to have satisfac-
tion for the slight put upon his section, he
threatens civil war to ten States of this Union.
I do not particularly impeach the Senator
for his speech for civil war, nowor heretofore.
He is especially a representative man of his
party. He is one of its most representative
men in ability and position. He has a char-
acter for coolness and discretion. He is very
much bettei than an average type of Radical-
ism. What must be thought of the temper of
that party, of its fitness for governing the
country, and especially the South, when we
find one of its most trusted leaders clamoring
here to-night, and not for the first or secoijji
time either within a year, upon any pretext
for "universal, general civil war?"
I say, sir. it is not now for the first or the
second time we have had the s-ime tnghtlul
tneni.ee from ihe Senator. Hal n men ihe
first time I might have abstained lrom any
comment; I might have treated it as a hasty
ebullition of feeling, strange though that might
seem from so cool and moderate a man as the
Senator from Ohio is said to be. Bur-, wiihiri
my personal knowledge, it is not the first nor
yet the second time that Senator, speaking
from his high place here as a leader in hig
party, has hurled abroad throughout the land
his terrible declaration of civil war.
The principal difference between the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. ShEhman] and the Sen
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is. that
while the Senator from Ohio was general in
his denunciations and menaces, the Senator
from Vermont was particular and personal m
his invectives. Since I have had the honor of
a seat here, and since I have enjoyed the ac-
quaintance of the Senator from Vermont, there
was a considerable time when it was possible
for any one who appreciated justly the pro-
prieties of this place, or the respect due by
every Senator to his fellows, to listen to that
Senator with satisfaction, if not with convic-
tion. In those days it was the habit of the
Senator to discuss great questions, if not with
entire fairness and calmness, at least without
personal invective and personal bitterness and
offense. I am sorry to say that a change lor
the worse seems of late to have come over
that Senator. I listened to him to night as I
have listened to him on other occasions. The
astonishment with which I heard him was
equaled only by my regret that he should so
abuse his undoubted ability as to make it a
means of attack upon the just sensibilities of
his fellow-Senators and upoa the proprieties
of the Senate. Why, sir, is it not possible for
us to discuss political questions here without
being personal, without being unparliament-
ary V
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I quite agree with the
Senator. I am glad he recognizes existing
facts. I should say, for instance, that a con-
siderable part of the speech of the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] was highly per-
sonal and unparliamentary, especially when,
having first blackened the South, he taunted
the Democrats here and elsewhere with being
as faithful to the South as a dog to his master.
This passage was but one out of many such.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Shekman] may
not have been unparliamentary or personal.
He was something a good deal worse. Prob-
ably it is not unparliamentary in a distinguished
leader of the ruling party, while the embers
of the late civil war still smoke, to threaten
the country with another civil war. It is some-
thing infinitely worse. It is most mischievous
and shocking. Have we not had enough of
carnage, of anguish, of desolation, of civil hate,
to satisfy the Senator and his party friends for
at least a few years? If the "sheeted dead''
who sleep on yonder heights at Arlington could
fill this Chamber to-night, how those unwritten
heroes of the. conflict would turn with indig-
nant sorrow from the demand of the Senator
and his friends here for more civil war. Well
might the conqueror of Mexico, who slumbers
under Virginia turf, say, almost in a prophetic
spirit, that the greatest trouble in making per-
manent peace after the war would spring from
the bad passions of the non-combatants. So
said Winfield Scott; and truer word never did
true soldier speak. To-night, sir, and many
another night besides, I sorrow to say, I have
lound confirmation of those words in this
Chamber in the bitter, implacable resentment
of the majority here, ever ready to burst out
in fresh tires.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
charged, with more than his usual vehemence
of tone and manner, upon the Democratic
party that, as during the war all it saw in the
Constitution was inability to put down traitors,
