1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
so now it sees nothing in it but inability to put
down assassins. Where does he find warrant
for this bold assertion? What political party
in the North was it that declared during the
war the inability of the Constitution to put
down " traitors," to crush out war ? There was
but one such great party organization, it was
not the Democratic; though there were some
Democrats who so held. It was the other great
party at the North, the parly which held the
power of the Government of the country, which
so declared and so acted. I, who from first to
last clung to the cause of the Union and of the
Constitution, as I understood it, believed with
the Democratic party that the Constitution, as
my friend from Ohio [Mr. Thorjian] just now
so well said, was always sufficient for war as
well as for peace, and that there was within
the Constitution power enough to cope even
with that, the greatest insurrection in history.
But, sir, what did the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] and his party associates say
and do? They said and did directly the re-
verse. They violated the Constitution because,
as they said, that was necessary; it was a time
of great public peril, and the Constitution had
to be violated to deal with the crisis and to
carry the country safely through. They said
it—more than that, they acted it out—not
once, but often, not a few of them, but many
of them, and practically all of them said so.
Sir, that was precisely what the seceding
States declared, that you could not constitu-
tionally put down secession ; and in the face
of the nation and the world you put in your
solemn cognovit that the declaration was true.
I could consume the night stating your known
violations of the Constitution.
In those days you had a leader of your party
in Congress, though not in this body. There
was little either in his public or private life to
win my respect. One great merit he had.
He was 110 hypocrite, to pretend to be what
he was not. He was free from cant. He led
your party in Congress absolutely. He led
it in the House, and he controlled it in the
Senate. When he said, as he often did say,
of many of the leading measures of your
policy, that they were outside of the Constitu-
tion, and everybody but a perfect fool knew
it, he spoke the honest truth as he saw it and
as every intelligent man saw it. You, Sena-
tors, you were the men, you it was, the Radical
party of this country, that declared by actions,
which spoke louder than words, and by words,
too, whenever words were needed, that under
the Constitution you were unable to deal with
secession, but that you were ready to violate
the Constitution, that you had violated it, and
you would continue to violate it, because, as
you said, there was 110 other way out of the
great peril.
1 acknowledged the peril, but I deny the ina-
bility of the Constitution. I insist it was equal
to the peril at all times. That great frame of
Government was not constructed by journey-
men or apprentices, to fall to pieces at the first
rude shock of civil war. It was framed by master
builders who knew, if men ever knew, gov-
ernment in all its elements. They constructed
the fabric of our constitutional Union from its
foundation-stone to its pinnacle, not for a day,
but for all time, not alone for the calms and
the sunshine and the splendors of peace, but
for the whirlwinds, the earthquake shocks of
foreign, yea, of mightiest civil, war. Demo-
crats held then, as they hold now, that they
libeled the Constitution who pretended to
talk, who dared so to act as if it was so framed
as to totter and fall at its very first great trial.
Sir, 1 fling back the charge on the aecuseis.
Let them turn back to their own record. The
one party 111 the country, and the oulv one, as
a great representative party, wliicli declared
the utter inability of the Constitution to enable
them to cope with secession, was the Repub-
lican party of the United States. It is too
much for human patience that now representa-
tive men of that party in this body, turning
their backs on their own party, profess to be-
lieve that the cause of the Constitution in the
mouths of Democrats was its "inability to put
dowu traitors," in the language of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
Neither is it true that what Dem&crats see
in the Constitution isits " inability to put down
assassins," again in the words of the same
Senator. Somewhere in our frame of gov-
ernment, complicated, double, diverse as it
is, there is the power to deal with all assas
sination and with every form of civil disorder.
All good men are agreed, 110 matter what
heated partisans may say here or elsewhere,
that the first necessity of American society is
peace, order, respect for the law, security for
person and property. No sensible man f'aiis
to see that great crimes are a great wrong to-
society. No sensible man in the Democratic
party can help seeing that the worst injury
that can befall that party is the occurrence of
any disorders in the South, because we know
that any disorders will be snatched at by the
Radical party in Congress as a pretext for
more reconstruction, for more military occu-
pation, for once more carrying the elections by
fraud and violence throughout tlie South from
the Chesapeake to the western border of Texas.
Had we, as Democrats, no higher motive of
action than mere party policy, we all, 1 hope,
have seuse enough to see that anything like
encouragement of such disorders is simply the
height of suicidal folly North and South ; and
hence it is idle declamation, or worse, for
anybody to pretend that the disorders in the
South, whatever they are, and I would not
make light of them at all, find favor or en
couragemetit from the Democratic party either
at the North or the South.
The only question is, where is the power to
deal with those disorders? After all, that is
where the real parting of the ways is between
us and our political opponents. Is the power
in the Congress of the United States, or is it
in the State governments? I do not propose
at this late hour, in a wearied Senate, to dis-
cuss that question at large. It would require
a somewhat extended survey of the funda-
mental principles of our form of government,
as welt as of the authorities and of the late
amendments of the Constitution. The cry so
often heard in and out of this Chamber, that
Democrats can find 110 power in the Constitu-
tion to put down assassins in the South, is
'•mere sound and fury, signifying nothing.''
Every crime committed within the United
States is either a crime against the United
States or a crime against a Stale. If it be a
crime against the Umted States it is so because
it is a ciime under the Constitution and laws
of the United States. Every such crime there
is full power to punish under the Constitution.
Democrats have no difficulty on that head. If
it be not a crime against the United States,
then under the Constitution there is 110 power
to punish it. I11 that easeit is a crime against
the State where it is commuted, and the power
to deal with it is 111 the State. The question is
not as to the inability or the ability ot the Con-
stitution." The Constitution lias full ability
within its sphere; it lias none outside of it.
Who here will venture to say otherwise?
The power to punish cveiy ciime being in
some government, State or Fedetal, the ques-
tion then is simply: is the wronglul acta crime
against the United States or against the State?
All outside of this is mere sophistical declam-
ation or utter nonsense. To my mind noth-
ing ever debated among sane men is much
clearer than the proposition upon which the
Democrats in this Cuainber have stood, that
the power to deal wrh the disorders 111 the
South is ample and full in I he States and does
not exist 111 the Congress of the United States.
It is no answer to tiiat position to say,
"How 1 hen will you punish disoiders? The j
States arc wanting 111 their duty." How do I
you know? The right, of self-government ia
the fundamental right in our im-tituiions.
The right of a people to govern themselves
involves the right to govern themselves some-
times wrong. JbVee will, which is the common
right of man and the great principle of his
action in a political capacity and in every other
capacity, involves the right to do wrong, Bat
wlu&t becomes of your self government if the
very moment a State errs she is to be taken
up and put in a go cart of congressional legis-
lation, put ill a strait jacket like a lunatic
to keep her out of harm, put in the lending-
strings of Congress ? Is (hat the meaning of
your self government? Have you no fan li in
the people? Have yon no belief in the sober
second thought of the people ? Are you not
willing to trust to the irrepressible and recu-
perative forces of American society lo deal
with all disorders that may trouble it?
Why, sir, the history of the United States
has been iu a great degree a history of local
disorders. Before you bad the Union, and
while you had the Confederation, you had in
Massachusetts a rebellion, at one time form-
idable enough to shake that State to its center,
if not to menace the authority of the Confed-
eration. That was dealt with and dealt with
successfully by the Stale authoiities.
Soon after the Constitution was ratified and
the Government of the Union inaugurated a
still more formidable rebellion broke out in
western Pennsylvania. Were the constitutional
powers of the Union insufficient to deal with
that? Certainly not. It was a levolt against
the laws of the United States, and the United
Slates grappled with it and very soon sup-
pressed it.
Local troubles iu the States from time lo
time marked our history from that day to this.
Why, sir, the anti-rent rebellion, as it was
called, the anti rent disorders iu New Yorlc,
convulsed a large, wealthy, and powerful dis-
trict of that State for a long period. In the
judgment of many men, never were troubles
more causeless. They consisted of a resist-
ance to leases that on their lace were moder-
ate and reasonable enough. The people of
the country whose ancestors for generations
had lived under those leases became at last
impatient under them, and they determined
to get ud of them; and they resorted to illegal
organizations, to secret societies, and to un-
lawful proceedings for that purpose. They
finally accomplished their purpose, but in the
mean time the power of tlie State was employed
111 suppiessing the disorders, and the power
of the State, though long baffled, finally pre-
vailed.
The Dorr rebellion was also dealt with by
the local authorities of Rhode Island. It was
in one aspect of it. a serious affair, because it
sprang fro,m a revolt of the people against an
unnatural, unjust, and oppressive disfranchise-
ment. The State, however, proved equal to
the contest, coped with it successfully, and put
it down. If my lecollection serves me, Rhode
Island called upon the General Government
for atd, but, without leceiving it, finally tri-
umphed over lhe lusuireetion.
Mr. CARPENTER Will the Senator allow
me to a.->k him a question?
Mr. CASsBRLY. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER I believe iu the case
of Rhode Island the State applied to the Uni-
ted States for aid ami the President announced
the fact, that he would grant the aid, and that
announcement put down the rebellion. It
was not put down by th" State. It was put
down under the authority of the United Stares
and by the mere announcement by the 1'ie-,!
dent that he would interfere.
Mr. CASSHRM . l'ivtijhody wtd judge
(or himself sis lo (hat. f think what I suited
was strictly correct. I am aw.ii-' he leeog-
litzed the chuf'ter government, 01 Utiode Uland
as the lawful government. I do not lemem-
her whether the President announced that he
