1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
ted States and Europe by lines of American
steamships ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee 011 Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 226) for the protection of persons resident
within the United States against unlawful com-
binations and conspiracies; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 227) for the relief of George J. Lang-
worthy, of Alfred Center, New York; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 228) for the relief of James Murphy; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 229) granting
to the Utah Southern Railroad Company aright
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 230) for the relief of Mary M. Clark, widow
of Leonard Clark, deceased; which was read
twice by its title, ordered to be printed, and
(with the papers now on file in the case) referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
231) to provide for the appointment of an addi-
tional associate justice of the Supreme Court,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 232) to enable the Hough-
ton and Ontonagon Railroad Company to make
a resurvey of its road ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 233) to amend an act entitled "An act
for a grant of lands to the State of Iowa, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction
of a railroad in said State," approved May
12,1864; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 234) to repeal an act entitled " An act to
fix the times for the regular sessions of Con-
gress," approved January 22,1867 5 which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
235) for the relief of Joseph Ormsby; which
was read twice by its title, referred to theCom-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 236) for the preservation and protection
of beacons, beacon-piers, light-house piers of
protection, buoys, stakes, dolphins, and their
appurtenances, and other aids to navigation,
placed by or at the expense of the United
States for the security, direction, and guid-
ance of vessels in the navigable waters of the
United States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 237) to reduce the rates of correspond-
ence by telegraph, and to connect the tele-
graph with the postal service; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY also asked; and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 238) authorizing the Southern Minnesota
Railroad Company to connect its line with the
Northern Pacific railroad; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 239) for the relief of George Wright; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 240) to amend "An act to revise,
amend, and consolidate the statutes relating
to patents and copyrightswhich was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask leave without pre-
vious notice to introduce a bill for the relief
of Chauncey M. Lockwood, for mail service,
in which he claims the sum of $198,986 84 for
increase of mail service in consequence of a
resolution compelling the contractors to take
the whole amount of mail across the country
instead of the letter mail as previously. I wish
to state in connection with it that I do not
indorse the amount named in the bill, as I
have examined the claim, and I find that the
difference between the amount paid now upon
the contract, which is $192,000 per annum for
the service, and the amount that he received,
would be $115,135 20. He claims that it cost
twenty per cent, more to run the service at the
time he did it than it does at the present time.
Consequently, adding twenty per cent., it
would amount to $138,162 31, provided my
figures are correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator that it is not usual to
debater bills on their presentation, an^ there
are several Senators on the floor desiring to
present morning business.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 211) for the relief
of Chauncey M. Lockwood; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 243) more fully to enforce
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; which was_ read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
242) to enable the Atlantic and Pacific Rail-
road Company to mortgage its road; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the present consid-
eration of this bill. I think there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. COLE. Will it take a long time ?
Mr. BLAIR. I think not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear
the bill read before I consentto its considera-
10The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
He it enacted, &c„ That the Atlantic and Pacify
Railroad Company, organized undor aer, of Congress
of July 27, 1866, is hereby authorized to make and
issue its bonds in such.form and manner, for such
sums, payable at such times, and bearing stich rate
of interest, and to dispose of them on such terms as
its directors may deem advisable s and to secure said
bonds, the said company may mortgage its' road,
equipment, lands, franchises, privileges, and tftfeer
rights and property, subject to such terms,conditions,
and limitations as its directors may prescribe'; ana
the authority of the company to execute a mortgage
of a portion of its lands under date of July 1,186S, to
secure $3,000,000, is hereby affirmed. As proof and
notice of the legal execution and effectual delivery
of any mortgage hereafter made by said company, it
shall be filed and recorded in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Interior: Provided, That if the company
shall hereafter suffer any breach of the conditions
of the act above referred to. under which it is organ-
ized, the rights of those claiming nnder any mort-
gage made by the company to the lands granted to
it by said act shall extend only to so much thereof
as shall be conterminous with or appertain to that
part of said road which shall have been constructed
at the time of the foreclosure of said mortgage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what road that is. Is it one of the roads that
the Government of the United States has
granted lands or subsidies to?
Mr. BLAIR. The road has received a grant
of land from the Government, but no subsidy.
It is known as the Atlantic and Pacific road,
and runs from St. Louis to the southwestern
corner of the State of Missouri, and theneeby
the thirty-fifth parallel to California.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to make
another inquiry. Does this bill come from any
committee? Has it been considered?
Mr. BLAIR. It was considered at the last
session in the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and reported unanimously; orratherthey
ordered it to be reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My attention has not
been called to it; but it seems to me a matter of
some importance, authorizing a road to mort-
gage all its property without looking into the
measure at all. It may be correct; but it seems
to me it ought to be very carefully examined.
I can conceive—I do not pretend that any such
tiling exists here, because I know nothing about
the case, but I am sure it should receive the
careful examination of a committee—I can con-
ceive of a land-grant company making money
by issuing bonds and never building the road
at all.
Mr. STEWART. There is a provision
against that, inserted by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has the committee
examined and reported this bill?
Mr. STEWART. They reported it at the
last session. The present committee has not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was a different
committee and this is a different Senate. I
do not think we should now, in the newly-
organized Senate, one third of which is new,
pass bills merely because a committee at a
former session reported them. I am not pre-
pared to point out any objection to this bill.
It may be proper; but I surely think it ought
to go to a committee and be examined before
it is acted upon.
Mr. STEWART. I am inclined to think
that this company have a common-law right
to mortgage their road, as matters now stand;
but the Northern Pacific and other Pacific
railroads have been authorized by act of Con-
gress to mortgage their roads, and it is said
that the granting of this authority makes a
difference in the negotiation of the bonds. I
think the company have that right without a
special law, and that was the opinion of the
committee; but Congress having anthorize.d
the other roads to do it we thought this should .
be authorized. The bill was reported by the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad at the last^,
session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Nevada
is chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. lie seems to favor the project. _ 1
move that the bill be referred to that commit-
tee. They can examine it and report it back
to-morrow morning,
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let it take that
course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, that
the bill be referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Iiaiiroad.
The motion was agreed to.
