122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
CONDEMNED CANNON FOR A CEMETERY.
Mr. COLE asked, and hy unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
244) relating to condemned cannon for a ceme-
tery at San Francisco; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. COLE. _ I ask for the present consid-
eration of the bill. It is very brief, and I have a
letter from the Secretary of War on the subject.
There being no objection^ the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
War to deliver to the Grand Army of the
Republic Cemetery Association of San Fran-
cisco, California, six pieces of condemned iron
cannon and thirty cannon-balls, to be used in
the embellishment of the burial grounds of
the association.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ARKANSAS RIVER BRIDGE.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimons con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
245) amendatory of an act authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. RICE. I ask for the present consider-
ation of the bill. It was reported at the last
session of Congress.
"There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that in case any
bridge shall be constructed, under the act to
which it is amendatory, as a draw-bridge, it
shall be a pivot draw-bridge with spans of one
hundred and fifty feet in the clear on each side
of the center or pivot-pier of the bridge, and
with four fixed spans of uniform length across
the remainder of the river; and the spans may
be placed at an elevation of thirty-six feet or
more, but not less, above low-water mark,
measuring to the lower chord of the bridge.
All parts of the act to which this bill is amend-
atory inconsistent with this bill are repealed ;
but the company are in no way to bo released
from the provisions of sections five and six of
the act to which this bill is an amendment;
and if any change in the plan of the bridge
shall ever be required by reason of its being
an obstruction to navigation, such change is to
bo made at the expense of the company, and
the United States are never to be liable in any
way for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INTERNATIONAL STATISTICAL CONGRESS.
Mr. CONKLINGr submitted the following
resolution ■ which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Ilenohed, That the President of the United States
be requested, if compatible with the public interest,
to transmit to the Somite copies of the reports made
to the Department of Htato by Samuel B. Rugglcs
delegate from the United States to the Interna-
tional Statistical Congress at the Hague, in the
year 18W, with the documents accompanying said
reports.
protection 06' life, etc., at tub soutii.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer for adoption the
following resolution:
Resolved, That as organized bands of desperate and
lawless men, mainly composed of soldiers of the lato
rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised, and
bound by oaths and secret obligations, have by force
terror, and violence subverted all civil authority in
large parts of the. late insurrectionary States, thus
utterly overthrowing the safety of persons and pro-
perty, and all those rights which are the primary
basis and object oi all civil government and which
are expressly guarantied by the Constitution of the
United States to all its citizens, and as the courts
arc rendered utterly powerless byorganized periury
to punish crime: Therefore,
ihe Committee on the Judiciary is instructed to
report a bill, or bills, that will enable the President
and the courts of the United States to execute the
laws, punish such organized violence, and secure to
all citizens the rights so guarantied to them.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this res-
olution?
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that the resolution
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to
print will be made, and the resolution will lie
over under the rules.
DEFICIENCY APPPOJtRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill (H. R. No. 19)
making appropriations for the payment of
additional clerks and messengers in the Pen-
sion Office, and for other purposes, is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
upon which the Senator from California is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I have no remarks to make
upon that bill. I ask that it be read and the
amendments acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the bill, and the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations will be acted on
as they occur in the text.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator from
California desire to go on with this bill now?
If not I rise to move an adjournment.
Mr. COLE. I think we might as well get
through with this bill. I think we can get
through with it in a few minutes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN.. There is an amendment or
two that I shall feel under obligation to offer.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will allow
the bill to be read, and let us make some pro-
gress, at any rate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps the
amendments of the Committee on Appropri-
ations may be disposed of. The Secretary will
read the bill and the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations as they occur in the
text.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was in section one,
line eleven, to strike out "three" and insert
"two," so as to read " two assistant messen-
gers in the Pension Office."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section one,
lines thirteen and fourteen, to strike out
"$14,940" and insert "$8,2G0," so'as to
make the amount appropriated for the pay of
additional clerks and messengers in the Pen-
sion Office $8,260. -
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twenty, to strike out "four" and insert
"three," so as to read "three assistant mes-
sengers," and to change the amount appropri-
ated from "$78,080" to "$77,3G0."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section three,
line nine, to strike out the word "desks" and
insert "clerks," se as to read "for clerks
and messengers in the office of the Assistant
Treasurer at Baltimore, $6,760."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen
of the same section, to strike out the words
"making in all the sum of $13,910."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, after line nineteen, to insert " for salary
of the Assistant Treasurer at New Orleans, to
make his compensation $4,500, as provided
by existing laws, $500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted the following:
expenses under the act of August G,
Is®, tor the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of the public revenue, $50,000: Pro-
vided, That no part of said sum shall be expended
tor clerical services.
The amendment was agreed to.
llie next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing after the amendment just adopted :
^nd expenses of the direct tax com-
missioners of Sputh Carolina, and of their clerks,
from July 1, 1870, until the closing of their office.
$3,500, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment'was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment just adopted "for the repair of
the damages caused by fire upon the cadet bar-
racks at West Point, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, to
insert the words "in coin "after "dollars," in
line twenty-three; so as to make that clause of
the section read:
For the purpose of carrying out the stipulations
of the treaty of July 20,1863, between the United
States of America and his Majesty the king of tho
Belgians, providing for the payment of interest in
the matter of the capitalization of the Scheldt dues,
being a deficiency in the appropriations for the pay-
ment of the seventh annual installment due tho
Government of Belgium under said treaty, April 1,
1871, and the eighth annual installment, due April
1,1872, $12,003, in coin, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the
fourth section the following clause :
For the completion ofthe custom-house at St. Paul,
Minnesota, $35,163 65, being the amountof a balance
of an appropriation for that building now standing
to its credit on the books of the Treasury, but un-
available under existing laws.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing additional section:
Sec. 6. That any appropriation heretofore made
for any public works, buildings, or grounds, for tho
year commencing July 1,1871, shall bo available for
the current year: Provided, That no expenditure
beyond the several sums already appropriated shall
be authorized by this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as a new section :
Sec. 7. That the sum of $20,523, or so mueh there-
of as may bo necessary, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated to pay the claim of Robert T. Kirlt-
natriek, provided for in joint resolution approved
February 15,1871.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
with the hill are now disposed of.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of section four:
For completion of the court-house and post office
building at Des Moines, Iowa, $6,856.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following to come
in as an additional section :
^ Sec. 8. That so much of the appropriation for pay-
ing the expenses of taking tho ninth census of the
united States contained in the act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment, for the year ending June 30,1S72, approved
March 3, 18/1, as may be necessary, may be used
during the current fiscal year; and the proviso in
the eighth section of said act is amended by adding
after the woras "eight dollars per day" the words
exclusive of mileage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as a new section:
Sec. 9. That the appropriation of S30.32G "for
necessary expenses in the erection, furnishing ma-
chinery," &c„ ofthe branch mint at Carson City, con-
tained in the act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30.^1872, and for other purposes, approved
March 3,18il, is hereby made subject to present use.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I. offer the following
amendment, to be inserted after line thirty-four
of section three:
For payment to the reporters of the Senate for the
Congressional Globe of tho usual additional com-
pensation Ibr reporting the proceedings of the Sen-
r the first session ofthe Forty-Second Congress,
$o00 each, 82,500.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, of which I gave notice yesterday to the
Committee on Appropriations:
Sec. —. That the appropriation for building a pier
at Lewes, Delaware, contained in sections twelve
and thirteen of the act approved July 15, 1870, enti-
led "An act making appropriations for sundry civil
