828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
would send the aid. He did not send it, as !
matter of fact. j
Mr. CARPENTER. Simply because it was j
not needed.i
Mr. CASSERLY. Precisely, that is what ;
I say ; that the power of the State proved to ;
be equal to the emergency, and that illustrates j
what 1 am saying, that the power of that strong, '
free, deeply rooted political community an ■
American State has always, sooner or later, i
and generally sooner rather than later, with
or without aid from the General Government,
proved itself equal to cope with any local dis-
orders, however serious, however widespread,
however obstinate.
Why, sir, there are disorders all over the
land at this moment. What do you say to
Kansas, where eight or nine men were hanged 1
the other day by one band of midnight ma- :
rauders ? I can give them no better name. I
regard all men who take the "law into their own
hands as marauders, as criminals, who deserve :
to be punished and to be put down. What do ,
you say to ihe troubles in Nevada? What do j
you say to the troubles the other day in Penn- :
sylvania? Does any intelligent or reflecting !
man permit himself to be too much disturbed 1
or excited by such a state of things? It is no ;
more than you should expect after such a war.
The surges of that great commotion are still
felt, though the tempest has ceased to blow.
You feel them in every part of the country.
Why expect that that part of the country which
more than any other was the scene of that tre-
mendous convulsion should be alone peaceable?
Not a great while ago, if I remember cor-
rectly, a controversy arose in regard to certain
lands occupied by settlers and claimed by a
private purchaser in the State of Kansas. So
serious were the troubles that the United
States Government sent out considerable mili-
tary force there to aid the State authorities in
keeping order. That was done without any
unusual legislation, without any such extraor-
dinary measures as those now proDOsed.
Consequently there is no inability to put
down assassins of any shade or stripe, to put
down any marauders either in disguise or
without it, by night or by day: and there is
nothing in the history of the country to war-
rant any man in asserting the contrary. You
do not need to look icr power in the Con-
stitution of the United States. It is found
in the constitution of each and every one of
thirty-seven States. Who pretends to deny
that the remedy which is applied at home by
the people of the State against their fellow-
citizens is much more likely to be efficient, to
be permanent, than any that you can apply,
even though you had the power ? It is a mere
begging of the issue ; it is a mere evasion of
the question to pretend that the point is,
whether the Constitution is able oi'uriable to
put. down assassins and marauders, criminals
not against the United States, but against the
State. The question is not whether the Con-
st'.tu'ion of tile United States is unable to do
it, but whether the Constitution, as made,
gives you any power over any crimes but crimes
against the United States.
Notwithstanding what. I have heard for some
days past, from the Senator from Vermont, I
was surprised to bear him say in his bitterest
and intensest manner, after blackening the
South with the gravest, crimes, that the Demo-
crats stand as they have always stood by the
South, "as the dog stands by his master."
Ihe Senator from Vermont was perfectly well
aware that he was extremely personal and in-
excusably offensive in. that language. He
knew there were fourteen gentlemen here, his
peers as Senators, and his equals, I undertake
lo say, in every respect that distinguishes man.
among his iellows, who were Democrats. He
knew that in uttering a sentence dripping with
gall, as that was, ha was affronting them one
and all personally and wantonly. Was there
anything in the conduct, of this debate to jus-
tify him in that assault? Is there anything
in the proprieties of this body to protect htm
in it?
Why, sir, in a contest of that kind, while I
could not hope to equal the Senator from Ver-
mont in his peculiar faculty, developed by him
so strongly of late, he still ought to understand
that there are blows to be received as well as
blows to be given. I know I shall not be war-
ranted in being unparliamentary even under
the provocation given by the Senator from
Vermont; I may say a few words o;i the text
he has furnished us.
The dog is a faithful animal. He has many
excellent qualities. He has some faults. One
is that he will fawn, and the other is that he
will bark and bite at the poor, the defenseless,
and the fugitive. If I wanted to look around
"this country for the dogs of politics, who
know how to bite when they safely may; to
snarl when they dare not bite; and who are
ready always to fawn upon the master's hand,
I should not look for them among the Demo-
crats of the country in or out of the Senate.
If I wanted to look for the master of such
dogs, I think I should know where to 2nd him,
and that not outside of this capital city where
I am now speaking.
No, sir, the Democratic party may have the
fidelity of the dog; it has not any of those
evil qualities of his which I have described.
Through evil report and through good report
it has stood for the truth, for the Constitution,
and for the laws as understood and expounded
by the fathers and founders of our liberties.
If in the tempest of our civil war it had passed
away forever from the stage of action, what
would have been the judgment of it and its
career, even by an unfriendly historian? The
most and the worst he could have said of it
was that, in its devotion to the Constitution,
in its love for the Union, in its deep convic-
tion that the thing of all others necessary to
the maintenance of them and of our repub-
lican free institutions was peace, it exhausted
every mode and means of maintaining peace,
and that its only error lay in that, if indeed
error could ever lie in a policy of avoiding
civil war to the last moment in the United
States.
That is the most and worst that could be
said of it. Being a party made up of men, of
course it has not been infallible. The country
and the world have seen but one such party.
That is the party to which the majority in this
body belong, aparty of" moralideas,;' founded
on the principles of immutable truth and jus-
tice, attuned to the eternal harmonies, finding
its political chart in epluribus unum and the
star-spangled banner, and, last of all, in the
"unwritten Constitution " of the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Feelixghutsex,] which I
take to be a political inner consciousness; hav-
ing for its leaders the confessed representa-
tives of the almigbty justice upon earth. It
is, of course, incapable of sin and beyond the
possibility of error. With such a party I do
not compare the Democratic party. But, I say,
comparing it with all ordinary human parties,
it will stand the test of history by any candid
or even by any uncandid historian.
Sir, it did not bring on the war. It has sur-
vived the war. It will long continue to sur-
vive it. The States against which in this bill
you have aimed your destroying hands were
before the Constitution and the Union. They
are essential to the Constitution and the Union,
That great man who was so much in favor of
a centralized government, Alexander Hamil-
ton, uttered an ever living truth when he de-
clared that "the States can never lose their
powers till the whole people of America are
robbed of their liberties." That is the task
to which the Radical party in this Coagress is
now addressing itself.
It has begun its work cunningly enough in
the bill now in hand; a bill which absorbs all
the police powers of the State, all the rights
of self-government in the States in regard to
the security of the person and of property.
The amendment of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] did but speed the work of de-
struction, in assailing the means of government
in the counties, cities, and towns in the States.
The whole is one grand plot against the entire
system of self government in the States. As
step by step you deny the rights of self-govern-
ment, and thus cut away by degrees the vital
principle of American institutions, how long
will the great Republic stand ?
Sir, men learned in the subject tell us that
when in the human body you cease to use a
muscle or a sense, the muscle or the sense by-
disuse after awhile dies, is lost. To what do
the American people owe their moral force, to
what do they owe their fiber, intellectual and
political? To what do they owe their power
in every department of human effort? They
owe it to the fact that., more than any other
people of whom we have any record in history,
they are a self governing people. Do you
think, sir, that you can impair or annul the
function of self government in the American
people without weakening and in time destroy-
ing the capacity for self government, and so
the capacity to hold their ground or exist as a
leading Power? At first, it-is true, you only
weaken it; but continue the policy, and by
your centralization you destroy in time the use
of self-government, the practice of self gov-
ernment, the fact of self-government. You
deprive the American people of all capacity
for self-government, you destroy the faculty
of self-government. You kill their capacity
to do any great or good thing.
What is clearer than that? It is the first and
the worst characteristic of a quack to treat
symptoms instead of causes. If the political
doctors of this body, who have so much to say
about disorders in the South, would consider
how much of the troubles there is owing to the
circumstance that self-government in the South
has been destroyed, or at least in great part
nullified, perhaps they might have made some
progress toward applying a permanent cure. I
wish they could even now bring themselves to
the intelligence, to the patience, to the lairness
of judgment necessary to enable them to bring
about that cure. Why, sir, has the history that
for near a year in Europe has been unrolling
itself before our eyes in characters so mighty
no lesson for us? What have we seen there?
We saw an ancient race, a great empire famous
in history, beyond all other things, as a mighty
military Power, crushed to powder in six
months by an antagonist young, new, almost
unheard of, and untried on the battle fields
of Europe. Why was it? Was it that the
Fienchman had lost his manhood, his bright-
ness, his resources, his organizing faculty, his
buoyancy of spirit, his martial gallantry and
order? If so, why was it ? What evil had so
transformed a race once so potent in war ?
The evil was that France had been central-
ized to death. The central power in Paris tiad
assumed charge of the entire domestic police
and domestic government of all the provinces
of France and of every municipality of France.
I saw it stated, upon what seemed good au-
thority, that to such a pitch was that cen-
tralization carried under the empire that, in
the most remote village of France a man could
not repair the street in front of his cottage,
without an order from some bureau in Paris.
That is what you are bringing the American
people to, by your bills and by your policy, as
fast as you are able to force your laws through
Congress!
The centralism of the French empire was
very bad. Yet under the French empire there
was more liberty left to the municipalities and
to the parishes and to the towns than the
section of the Senator from Ohio wsuld have
left to the cities and the counties and the
towns of the States of our Union—much more.
The town hall, the parish church, the school-
