1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
house, the hospital, the poor-house of the
French municipality or the French town, were
as sacred from the grasp of a creditor as the
town hall of the city of Paris. Call Louis
Napoleon a despot if you will. For myself I
never respected the fraud and violence by
winch he seized power. I always distrusted
the outward glories and splendors of that
empire of his. I thought I saw the worm at
the root of that stately tree, though I could
not foresee of the interior rottenness, or of the
sudden and ruinous fall. But never in his
history did even Louis Napoleon venture on
such destruction of the local powers of self
government throughout France as was pro-
posed by this bill as passed by the Senate last
Friday, containing, among other enormities,
the section of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] In charity to Senators, I pre-
fer to think that the passage of the bill here
was owing to the circumstance that few of
them had given to the subject a tithe of the
attention it demanded.
1 say that because we know how business is
transacted here. During the discussion the
night before last upon some features of the
bill, a discussion certainly interesting and im-
portant, if for nothing else by reason of the
subjects discussed, there was not one fifth'of
the Senators on the other side of the Chamber
present. The discussion was addressed to the
minority here and to the President and to the
clerks whose duties compelled them to be pres-
ent. No,sir; it little becomes gentlemen who
are capable of dealing with such subjects in
such a spirit to revile a party like the Demo-
cratic party, which is nearly as old as the his-
tory of this country, and which, I am confi-
dent, will live m its distinctive principles as
long as the Union lives and as long as the
American race shall be a race living under
democratic representative institutions. It ill
becomes such men who deal with such subjects
in such a spirit to assail the Democratic party,
as has been done more than once m the Sen-
ate in debate on this bill, by words of oppro-
biium, by epithets that would not be proper
in any decent society, and that are most un-
becoming and unfit to be used by a Senator to
Senators under any circumstances whatever.
Of course, sir, as my friend the Senator
from Delaware suggests to me, an honorable
or right-minded man understands that the
privilege which binds us all here puts a marked
limit upon statement, upon expression, even
upon just denunciation. Who is excused for
putting a wanton indignity on another in a
place where it cannot be resented as it de-
serves? We know very well that there are
affronts which can be addressed by one Sen-
ator to another Senator that never can be fitly
redressed here. Feeling that, every right
minded man should see that his duty is, if
needful, to put a restraint upon his temper,
a curb upon his tongue.
1 had hoped that we should be able to ad-
journ without a renewal of the scenes which
we have gone through for the last week or ten
days, and notably within the last four or five.
They are extremely unpleasant even to speak
of now. If they give any satisfaction to those
who promote them, I am sure I do not envy
their tastes. I sincerely trust never again to
be obliged to speak of such a subject in this
body.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I shall
detain the Senate but a few moments, and only
in reply to one or two observations.
So far as the remarks of the Senator from
California [Mr. Cassbuly] are personal, I
deem it unworthy to reply to them. It is a
strange thing that he does not himself sec that
he was the first Seuator who introduced an
offensive personal allusion here. I have often
seen that tenor of his mind before. He was
the first person who introduced any offensive
matter in this debate, if I may except general
declamation of a political character. So far as
what he has said in regard to me is concerned,
I do not deem it worthy of reply or of any
notice. So far as the wit he introduced here
quoted from Shakspeare, and the attempted
application of it to two Senators on this floor,
is concerned, I can only say that the whole
audience, every Senator, and I believe every
page, made a different application from that
which the Senator intended, and that suffi-
ciently answered it.
In regard to the other points made by the
Senator, it seemed to me they were only a re-
statement of matter that we have heard from
him over and over and over again on this
floor.
If I expressed myself with a good deal of
heat and noise and warmth, he ought not to
complain of that if it is my infirmity of temper.
But, sir, what I stated here in debate did
not affect him, was not aimed at him, did
not allude to him, was not offensive to linn in
any sense, or unparliamentary or discourteous
in the slightest degree. What the Senator
from Vermont said was of the same character,
a general, proper reply to my colteague, intro-
ducing political matters and making only
proper political allusions. The Senator from
California, for the first time in this debate,
introduced personal and offensive matter,
which, as he says, no one gentleman would put
to another in a gentleman's parlor. I do not
think it necessary for me to reply to it or to
make any lurther allusion to it.
Sir, while I shall vote for this report with
great dissatisfaction, because it. does not meet
my expectations, I shall still vote for it, and
I hope that that will be the end of the mutter.
If then we can have peace and order and quiet
in the South, us a matter of course, we shall
have achieved the highest aim and end of our
legislation. But I again repeat what I said
before, that if we are to have a quasi civil
war all over the southern States, it the poor,
the feeble, the innocent negro preachers and
teachers are to be whipped and scourged ami
killed because they choose to teach black nvii
to read and write, then as a matter ofcour.se
it will lead t,o an inevitable condition of civil
war in localities. It cannot be avoided. It
is the inevitable nature of things.
I remember in February, 1801, when south-
ern men fired upon the Star of the West and
commenced the troubles in which we became
involved afterward, that warnings were given
them from representatives of the northern
States that if these things went on war would
ensue. They fired upon the Star of the West,
and shortly afterward they fired upon Fort
Sumter, and then the whole South entered
into open rebellion.
Now, without renewing this controversy
again, I indorse what my triend from Vermont
has said, that throughout the whole war, and
from the end of the war to this hour, the whole
course of the Democratic party has been simply
to apologize lor, to extenuate the rebellion and
those who were engaged in it.
They never have made affirmative proposi-
tions. They have constantly denounced every
measure we have proposed trorn the beginning
to the end of this history as unconstitutional,
unwise, and improper; and 1 now defy them
to state what proposition they ever made, what
substitute they ever offered, what expedient
they ever presented to p'lt down the civil war
or to put down the rebellion, or to punish the
rebels. Even now the only mournful woid
my colleague has to utter is because some
rebel down South cannot, in case the district
attorney and the judge choose to challenge
him, sit upon a jury to try a cause. I believe
that is about all that is lett of the disqualifica-
tions and disabilities of the rebellion, except
that some few of the leading rebels cannot
hold offices of honor, trust, or profit, and m
that respect 1 ara perfectly willi-ig to join at
any proper time in relieving them from dis-
ability. Indeed, I am for repealing the test-
oath. But, sir, I do not wish to prolong tne
argu me nt.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I did not
intend to make any remarks during this dis-
cussion ; I have remained silent for six weeks
while it has been progressing ; but during this
evening gentlemen have made charges against
the Republican party, aimed in such a way,
pointed in such a manner, as to amount to an
accusation that it was criminal to be a Repub-
lican. We have beeu put on trial, and by
whom, and for what? We have been put oil
trial because some Republican on this floor
alluded to the fact that the Democratic party
was constantly accusing us of violating the
Constitution. Has not that accusation been
constant all the while? I have been here
nearly seven years, and I have heard it at
every session in every one of these discus-
sions. On this occasion it has been boastfully
announced that the Democratic party all the
while knew a way to put down the rebellion
and to maintain the Union without violating
the Constitution. It seems to me that, if they
knew it and did not reveal it, if they knew how
to put down the rebellion and not violate the
Constitution and revealed it to no man, it
looks a little as if they did not desire very
much to put it down.
Mr. TllURM AN. To whose remarks is the
Senator now alluding?
Mr. STEWART. Whose remarks? I allude
to this discussion; I allude to the remarks of
several Senators here who have announced
that theto was power in the Constitution to do
all these things constitutionally.
Mr. TliURMAN, The Senator does not
answer my question. I wish to know to whose
remarks be alludes. I ask him further whether
he says tin-re was not constitutional power to
put down the rebellion.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator will hear
from me on that subject. When the question
first came before Congress as to the power, it
was presented in the message of a Democratic
President, James Buchanan, on  the 3d day
of December, 18G0. That message was the
text-book of the peace Democracy. James
Buchanan sent to Congress a message in which
he deprecated rebellion and secession and said
it was wrong ; but said that he found no author-
ity in the Constitution to suppress it.
Mr. Til CRM AN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt, littn ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. Til U li.il AN. 1 deny that Mr. Buchanan
ever said that there was no constitutional
power to put, down rebellion. The whole dif-
ference was this, that Mr, Buchanan insisted—
wbethet he was right or wrong in that, I shall
not discuss—that there was no power to make
war on the Stales as States; but he maintained
the doctrine that secession could not give the
sanction of State authority to acts against the
laws of the United States, and that acts of
resistance to the United States would consti-
tute rebellion against the United States on
the part of individuals, however sanctioned by
State authority. All that he ever claimed was
that there was no right to make war on States
as States and he asked for authority from Con-
gress, and Congress would not give it to him.
Mr. STEWART. Oii.no. ilemaiutamed
in that document that there was no power to
coerce a State if it sought to go into rebellion.
The question was, whether there was a remedy.
He discussed it at some length. The States
were then seceding, and he said that there was
no remedy by coercion. Now, 1 should like to
know how you could put down a rebellion ex-
cept by coercion. 1 should like to know how
it could have been done without war. Ishould
like to know what Democrat there was who
ever did tell us how we could do that except
by war. According to the Democratic theory
it was unconstitutional to do it. How could
it have been done?
If we had not gone _to war, who does not
