1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
the gentleman from Massachusetts to designate
him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
here to retail private conversations.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, no; but you will dis-
tribute throughout the entire country un-
founded calumnies, purporting to rest upon
assertions made in private conversations,
which, when called for, cannot be verified.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me, sir. I said there was a caucus 
Mr. BLAINE. I hope God will pardon you ;
butyou ought not to ask me to do it! [Laugh-
ter."]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will ask
God, and not you.
Mr. BLAINE. I am glad the gentleman will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have no
favors to ask of the devil. And let me say
that the caucus agreed upon a definite mode
of action.
Mr. BLAINE. The caucus 1 _ Now, let me
say here and now that the chairman of that
caucus, sitting on my right, "a chevalier" in
legislation, " sanspeur et sans reproche," the
gentlemanfrom Michigan, [Mr. Blaik,] stated,
as a man of honor, as he is, that he was bound
to say officially from the chair that it was not
considered and could not bo considered bind-
ing upon gentlemen. And more than that.
Talk about tricks I Why, the very infamy of
political trickery never compassed a design so
foolish and so wicked as to bring together a
caucus and attempt to pledge them to the
support of measures which might violate not
only the political principles but the religious
faith of men—to the support of a bill drawn
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] which might violate the conscientious
scruples of men. And yet, forsooth, he comes
in here and declares that whatever a caucus
may determine upon, however hastily, however
crudely, however wrongfully, you must sup-
Sort it! Why, even in the worst days of the
lemocracy, when the gentleman himself was
in the front rank of the worst wing of it, when
was it ever attempted to say that a majority
of a party caucus could bind men upon meas-
ures that involved questions of constitutional
law, of personal honor, of religious scruple?
The gentleman asked what would have been
done—he asked my colleague [Mr. Peters]
what would have been done in the case of mem-
bers of a party voting against the caucus
nominee for Speaker. I understood that was
intended as a thrust at. myself. Caucus nom-
inations of officers have always been held as
binding. But just here let me say that if a
minority did not vote against the decision of
the caucus that nominated me for Speaker, in
my judgment, it was not the fault of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. [Applause.] If the
reauisite number could have been found to
have gone over to the despised Nazarenes on
the opposite side, that gentleman would have
led them as gallantly as he did the forces
in the Charleston convention. [Renewed
applause and laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. BLAINE. I have the floor ; I do not
very often ask it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let not
your conscience accuse you.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, in old times
it was the ordinary habit of the Speaker of the
House of liepresentatives to take part in de-
bate. The custom has fallen into disuse. For
one, I am very glad that it has. For one, I
approve of the conclusion that forbids it. The
Speaker should, with consistent fidelity to his
own party, be the impartial administrator of
the rules of the House, and a constant parti-
cipation in the discussions of members would
take from him that appearance of impartiality
which it is so important to maintain in the
rulings of the Chair. But at the same time I
despise and denounce the insolence of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts when he attempts
to say that the Representative from the third
district of the State of Maine has no right to
frame a resolution ; has no right to seek that
under the rules that resolution shall be adopted;
has no right to ask the judgment of the House
upon that resolution. Why, even the insolence
of that gentleman himself never reached that
sublime height before. [Applause.]
And that the whole extent of my offend-
ing, that I wrote a resolution—that I took it to
various gentlemen on this side of the House—
that I said to the gentlemen on the other side
of the House, "This is a resolution on which
you cannot afford to filibuster ; it is a resolu-
tion demanding a fair, impartial investigation,
and under the rules I desire that this resolu-
tion may be offered, and my colleague [Mr.
Peters] will offer it." And then the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] tele-
graphs, he knows to how many papers through
the whole United States, for doubtless his let-
ter will be found in extemo wherever he could
get it inserted in this morning's journals, that
this was "a legislative trick."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And I
repeat it now.
Mr. BLAINE. There are certain repetitions
which do not amount to slander ; and the gen-
tleman may repeat everything in that connec-
tion, as his colleague [Mr. Dawes] very well
says, "except the truth."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, (in his
seat.) I did not hear my colleague say that.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in his remarkable
letter, uses this language:
"Because thevery resolution which authorized the
committee was so framed, and, in my belief, pur-
posely, in the interests of the Democratic party, that,
such committee cannot report, under the rules of the
llouse, in the faceof the Democratic opposition, and,
by their permission, in more than a year from this
time, the usual power not being inserted in it, ' to
report at any time.'"
The gentleman from Massachusetts is a very
astute lawyer; but it has fallen under my
observation that he is extremely ignorant of
the rules of this House. Had the resolution
contained those words it would have been
tantamount to suspending the rules, and one
objection would have prevented its coming in.
What docs the resolution say? That that
committee shall be appointed with power^ to
report in December ; report from the meeting
of Congress during theentire month of Decem-
ber shall be in order at anytime the committee
may wish to make report.
Eight and a half months intervene between
now and December for the committee's labors,
and they have one full month, with the privi-
lege to report at anytime; and yet the gen-
tleman says the resolution was purposely so
framed as to exclude the committee from the
power to report at all. It was purposely framed
to be carried over the gentleman's point of
order. It was to avoid that point of order I
omitted those words, presuming that if the
committee got through their labors at the end
of nine months one whole month at the begin-
ning of the session would be ample in which
to make their report.
I am admonished by the gentlemen around
me of a fact, with which I am myself familiar,
that the power to report at any time does not
always carry with it the exercise of that power.
The gentleman himself has been chairman
during the entire Congress of a committee
empowered to report at any time on this very
identical subject, and on other subjects com-
mitted to it; and the members of that com-
mittee will say whether the gentleman always
exercised his full power under the rules, and
whether, if the power to report at any time
had been given to that gentleman, as chair-
man of this committee, and he had accepted
the appointment, he might not have construed
it as he has construed it for nearly two years
on the Reconstruction Committee, to be the
power to report at no time ?
_ Now, Mr. Speaker, nobody regrets more
sincerely than I do any occurrence which calls
me to take the floor. On questions of propriety
I appeal to members on both sides of the
House, and they will bear me witness, that the
circulation of this letter in the morning prints,
its distribution throughout the land by tele-
graph, the laying it upon the desks of members,
was intended to be by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, not openly and boldly, but covertly
—I will not use a stronger phrase—an insult to
the Speaker of this House. As such I resent
it. I denounce the letter in all its essential
statements, and in all its misstatements, and
in all its mean inferences and meaner innuen-
does. I denounce the letter as groundless, with-
out justification; and the gentleman himself,
I trust, will live to see the day when he will be
ashamed of having written it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By the
ancient parliamentary law, of which I confess
my ignorance, and of which, if full knowledge
of it leads to such a speech as we have just
listened to, I will be glad to remain in ignor-
ance, some one person shall be Speaker of
the House, to speak for the House. Does Mr.
Speaker now do so ? The Speaker has left his
place and his gavel for the first time for two
Congresses. Was it to speak upon any great
measure of finance?
Mr. BLAINE, (the Speaker.) I would like
to say that the preceding incumbent of the
Chair, Mr. Colfax, now Vice President, left
the Chair to chastise the insolence of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am now
upon the floor. During this or the last Con-
gress for the first time has the Speaker left the
chair. Was it to speak upon some great meas-
ure of finance, of revenue, of protection to the
loyal people of the South, or of reconstruc-
tion ? Have we heard his clarion voice in
behalf of the great measures of the Republican
party ? No ; up to this time he has only been
speaking to the House through a wooden gavel-
head upon a wooden box. He has now left
the chair for the floor. Upon what great and
paramount measure? None; solely to attack
a fellow-member who sat down to write a let-
ter expressing his views of public duty, who was
careful to draw his letter so as not in any way
to touch the Speaker of the House, but purely
and concisely to state the naked facts of his
action without a word of comment or innuendo,
if for no other reason, because he was aware
of the consequences to a humble member of a
quarrel or any unfriendliness with the Speaker
of the House. He had been made painfully
aware of it in the last Congress and in this, and
he knew the rislc that he ran if he roused that
anger. He knew the man, and he felt that, in
the parody of language of another—
For ways that arc dark
And tricks that aro vain,
1 namo Speaker ,
And that I dare maintain.
i felt all that, I knew all that, and therefore
I was scrupulous not to use a word in my let-
ter that was unparliamentary or could give
just cause of offense. I was aware of the new-
fiedged hopes of the highest place in the future
of the Speaker, arising from the quarrel which
has been unfortunately forced upon the Re-
publican party at the other end of the Capitol
of which he i3 waiting to take advantage. I
knew all that; and therefore I was careful to
say no word. I did not say that tha Speaker
wrote the resolution ; I did not know that he
did ; but I knew he suggested it. I appeal to
the Speaker's fairness—no, I cannot appeal to
that. I will state what I said when he came
to my seat yesterday and showed me the res-
olution and asked me to go for it, and said I
should be chairman of the committee under
it. I said, "I will be damned if I will.
[Great laughter. ] I will have nothing to do
with it." I am sorry to be obliged to use the
word here—and apologize for it but when
asked to betray my associates with whom I
