832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a moment, 'lhere is a
bill here to correct an error in the enrollment
of a former bill in regard to a couple of little
post routes in my State. It has passed, the
llouse, and I ask unanimous consent to take
up that bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will not object
fo that.
There being no objection, the bill (EL R. No.
■12$) !o establish certain post roads was read
tho pecond time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs that the fol-
low ng be, and are hereby, established as post
marts in Indiana:
From Martinsville, via Oakfarm and Xasliville, to
K.kinsvilie.
Prom Franklin, via Bargersville and Cope, to
JUai liusviiie.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand my friend
fiom Indiana to say this is merely correcting
a clerical error in a bill'that has already been
pulsed.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; it is to put in
what was omi'ted in the enrollment of the gen-
eral bill. There is no new legislation in it.
Mr. EDMUND3. Then I do not object.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PANOCHE GRANDS.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
Rpzolced, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and hereby is, directed to communicate to the Senate
on the first Monday of Deceuaber next copies of all
correspondence anft other papers on fiie^ in the In-
terior Department relative to the case of the United
Htates vs. Vmcente P. Gomez, involving the claim
lo the land called Panochc Grande, aud conccrning
the issuance of a patent for the same or any part
thereof, not previously communicated under Senate
resolution of February 5,18o9.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution lies over, objection being made to its
consideration.
REFERENCE OF BILLS, ETC.
Mr. SCOTT. For the purpose of facilitating
business, I move that all petitions and memo-
rials, and all bills that are now upon the table
and have not passed beyond asecoud reading,
be referred to the appropriate committees.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that all bills
Ijing on the table not acted upon, and that
have been passed to a second reading, be read
the second time, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees.
Mr. SCOTT. ■ And also petitions and memo-
rials.
The motion was agreed to.
Under this general order, the following bills
were-read the second time by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill (tl. R. No. 213) to authorize the
issuing of a certificate of registry to the brig
Michael and Anna ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 330) to issue an Amer-
ican register to the brig A. L. Palmer.
The following bills were read the second
time by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands:
A bill (S. No. 317] relating to rights of actual
settlers upon public lands; and
A bill (S. No. 318) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to ascertain the
value of certain lands in the State of Iowa
not th ot the Raccoon Fork of the Des Moines
river, held by settlers under the preemption
and homestead laws of the United States, and
subsequent to the settlement thereof, determ-
ined by the Supreme Court of the United
States to the Des Moines river improvement
lands.
The following bill and joint resolution were
read the second time by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Finance:
A bill (H. R. No. 173) to repeal the duties
on salt; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 27) to repeal
the duty on coal.
The following bills were read the second
time by their titles, and referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities :
A bill (S. No. 24G) for the relief of Zebulon
B. Vance, of Charlotte, North Carolina; and
A bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
Thejoint. resolution (S. R. No. 2) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, was read the second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 383) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river at or near St. Joseph, Missouri, was
read the second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The following bills which have heretofore
been read twice by their titles, were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill (S. No. 99) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to protect all citizens of the
United Stated in their civil rights, and to fur-
nish the means for their vindication," passed
April 9, 1866; and
A bill (S. No. 307) to establish a western
judicial district in North Carolina.
The bill (S. No. 315) for the relief of John
M. Lamb, of the State of New York, was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
The bill (S. No. 10) for the protection of
settlers on the public lands of the United
States, was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands.
The bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of Rich-
ard Washington, a paymaster in the United
States Navy, was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE II0CSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, itsClerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGXED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, and for other purposes; and
it was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
HOUSE GILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 434) to establish cer-
tain post routes in the State of Iowa was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads; and
The bill (H. R. No. 435) to authorize the
President to appoint George Plunkett a pay-
master in the Navy, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
319) to incorporate the Louisiana, Arkansas,
and New Mexico Railroad Company; which
wi.s read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, itsClerk, announced
that the House concurred in the resolution of
t.he Senate for the final adjournment of both
Houses of Congress.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate for
the appointment of a committee to wait on the
President of the United States to inform him
that, unless he may have some further commu-
nication to make, the two Houses of Congress
are ready to close their session sine die, and
that they had appointed Mr. Henry L. Dawes
of Massachusetts, Mr. Hokace Mayxaud of
Tennessee, and Mr. Smith Ely of New York,
the committee on the part of the House of
Representatives.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 428) to establish certain post
roads; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
KEPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 427) declaring a post route
in the State of Georgia, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 434) to estab-
lish certain post routes in the State of Iowa,
reported it without amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following bills, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 436) to create an addi-
tional land district in the Stateof Nevada; and
A bill (H.R. No. 137) authorizing the Pres-
ident of the United States to reestablish the
Monroe land district in the State of Louisiana.
IIOOSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands:
A bill (H. R. No. 436) to create an addi-
tional land districtin the State of Nevada; and
A bill (H. R. No. 437) authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to reestablish the
Monroe land district in the State of Louisiana.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SAWl'ER. I desire to have unanimous
consent to pass a bill relative to the registry
of a vessel. If it is necessary to have the cir-
cumstances explained, here is a short letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 object to passing any
bill whatever that is new legislation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after one
hour and forty minutes spent in executive
session the doors were reopened.
TIIANKS TO PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to offer a resolu-
tion which is a recognition of what we owe to
a brother Senator now in the Chair discharg-
ing the duties of President pro tempore of the
Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. Letthe resolution be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Tiiur-
iiAN in the chair.) The Senator from Cali-
fornia offers a resolution which will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate are due,
and hereby are tendered, to the President pro tem-
pore for tho courtesy, ability, and impartiality with
which he has performed the duties of his position.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put tho qucs
tion on the resolution; and it was agreed t<5
unanimously.
Mr. Thitrman having vacated the chair,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I tender
you my sincere thanks, Senators, for this mark
of your approbation. The hour of two o'clock
has arrived ; and in pursuance of the concur-
rent resolution of the two Houses of Congress,
I pronounce the Senate adjourned without day.
