126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16.
had voted in caucus it seemed a very good one
to meet the exigency. [Laughter.] That was
my answer; and when he read the clause con-
taining an appropriation, even I, with my igno-
rance of the rules as he claims, told him how,
if it was determined to put the resolution
through, it would escape an objection to it to
be differently worded. I did this because I
believe that he suggested to the gentleman
from. New York [Mr. Cox] to make the point
of order against the bill of the majority of
the House, which carried it over under the
Speaker's ruling.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, that is not true.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
say that it was true. I said I believed it at
the time, [laughter;] and I believed it for the
reason that I saw the Speaker go over there
on the Democratic side of the House getting
Democrats to agree to support his resolution
after he had shown it to me—for ho did me
the favor to show it to me first. Then I saw
him, the owner of rich coal fields as he is,
attempting to get Democrats to agree 
Mr. BLAINE. I was in favor of the repeal
of the coal tariff and the gentleman was not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh; I
say again:
For ways that are dark
And tricks that are vain,
I will name Speaker ,
And that X riso to explain.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I say again that when I saw him
engaged in that condition of things, and saw the
Speaker colloquy ing with the Democrats, I knew
very well whatwas to come. J knew that any
point of order 1 could raise under a resolution
he had contrived would be unavailing ; and I
saw his resolution, substituted for the bill of
the majority of the Republican party, forced
through by influence on the floor and by the
Speaker's gavel at his desk by aid of Demo-
cratic votes. I see gentlemen here, both from
the North and the South, who have told me
that they were put in a very delicate position,
by this action of the Speaker in league with
the Opposition. So this resolution to appoint
a Republican committee was passed.
Now, nobody deprecates this unhappy scene
on this floor more than I do. I felt that if I
came into this House and undertook to make
a statement of the reasons why I could not
serve upon a committee I should be accused
of having brought personal matters into the
House of Representatives, and therefore I
exercised my right as a citizen to address a
public letter in the public newspapers, and in
pamphlet form, to my Republican associates
in explanation of my position. I had a right
so to do, and I had hoped that if anybody had
anything to say in reply to what I had said,
instead of forcing upon me a quarrel in this
House, to the disgrace and disruption of the
Republican party, they would take the same
channel of communication to the public that I
had, which was open to them, especially as
one of those who have arraigned me belonged
to the press-gang. [Laughter.] I replied to
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
usiDg temperate and parliamentary language
only.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to interrupt the
gentleman for one moment. I spoke not only
for myself, but for the great body of protec-
tionists in this House, who were wronged by
the statement of the gentleman, as the vote
will show.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; I only hope that I have done these gen-
tlemen wrong, because I thought that if they
wanted to put before us salt and coal and
iron instead of drawing out the iron that is
entering into the souls of our friends at the
South, they were exceedingly wrong. I missed
these gentlemen from the caucus, i have been
told since that in the case of some of them it
was beeause they were afraid that the tariff
might be interfered with if Congress remained
here, and therefore were anxious to adjourn.
But all this abuse of me, this getting exceed-
ingly wrathy by the Speaker against me, does
no harm, and will not frighten anybody. It
will not hurt anybody. The calling of hard
names will do no harm to me here or in the
country.
If I could have been killed by being called
hard names I should have died lqng, long ago.
[Laughter. ] I have withstood the rough side
of a rougher tongue than the one just wagged
at me. I have seen abuse with more inge-
nuity, but not more malignity, launched at me.
And I have survived, and shall survive long
after the Speaker has filled the presidential
chair 5 very long.
Now, sir, I do not want to continue longer
this disgraceful scene. I admit its disgrace to
the House of Representatives; I admit its dis-
grace to everybody concerned in it, however
unwillingly. But I call gentlemen now here
to witness, lest it shall be said that I com-
menced this series of hard words here, that
no unparliamentary word was spoken by me
until accused of "insolence," and every form
of vituperation was launched at me.
There is one thing more I wish to state. I
have been accused of not reporting, "at any
time," as chairman of the select Committee
on Reconstruction. I did report this bill, as
chairman of the select Committee on Recon-
struction ; and the Speaker of the House being
against it, while it was being read at the Clerk's
desk, made a ruling which allowed Mr. Wood
of New York to introduce a joint resolution
for the repeal of the duty on coal, thereby
stopping the reading of the bill, which could
have come up again—a ruling never before
made in this House, and I trust never to be
made again.
Mr. BLAINE, (the Speaker.) Will the gen-
tleman state the rule ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes; a
ruling that while the bill was being read any-
body might interrupt that reading by a motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. BLAINE, (the Speaker.) The gentle-
man certainly does not want a serious answer.
The very principia of suspending the rules
allow it to be done when no gentleman is occu-
pying the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A gentle-
man by the name of "The Clerk," after the
bill was reported by a committee of this House,
was occupying the floor, by reading the bill at
that time; and the very best kind of occupancy
of the floor, too, for the House at least had a
right to hear what the bill was before he was
taken from the floor. I do not care whether I
am right or wrong upon the ruling. I admit
my ignorance of parliamentary law; and I
thank God I know no more about it than I do,
because I see how it affects a man's mind who
has made,it a study. [Great laughter.] But I
do think if the Speaker had been half as anxious
for tho passage of this bill to protect the people
of the South as he was for some land-grant
measures passed from the Speaker's table at
the last session, it would have become a law
long ere this.
Mr. BLAINE, (the Speaker.) Will the gen-
tleman specify what?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, pretty
much all of them.
Mr._ BLAINE, (the Speaker.) I do not
think it worth while to say anything more than
that is simply and only a gratuitous calumny.
The SPEAKER, (having resumed the chair.)
The question is upon excusing the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] from service
upon the committee ordered by the House
yesterday.
Mr. MAYNARD. As allusion has been
made during this discussion to the attitude of
the southern Republicans and their votes on
this question, and as reference has been made
to me personally, I desire in their behalf, as
well as my own, to say a few words in a spirit
of the utmost kindness, for the purpose of
explaining the attitude that we occupy toward
this question of protection to the southern
people.
I suppose that among the Republicans from
the southern States there is no diversity of
opinion, that something ought to be done look-
ing to the protection of their immediate con-
stituents, white and colored, beyond what they
now have. They hold that there are facts enough
now before Congress and before the country
not only to justify it, but to demand it; not
simply those facts which have come out by
public investigation, but facts which come to
us from private sources by almost every mail.
My mail this morning brings intelligence of
one Union man murdered in my own State, and
of another whose life was attempted, and who
saved it only by shooting down one of his dis-
guised assailants, the constable of the district,
as it proved, assisted by the sheriff of the
county ; they had in disguise attacked his lonely
cabin in the middle of the night. Other gen-
tlemen from the South receive similar intelli-
gence, and very frequently. These things ought
not to be ; and if this Congress, with its Re-
publican majority, shall adjourn without tak-
ing some action and making some effort to
put a stop to those outrages it will be a crime
against humanity of the darkest character.
So far we agree. If the resolution passed
yesterday is intended by those who introduced
it and supported it to prevent anything else
being done, to leave the Union men of the
South at the mercy of their oppressors, there
is no division of sentiment among the south-
ern Republicans in their opposition to it. Many
of them did vote against it. I have not anal-
yzed the vote; but I suspect it will be found
that a majority ofthem voted against it. Others
of us could see no logical reason why, if the
resolution were adopted,- Congress should not
go on, and, in the light of the facts already
before us, adopt wise and prudent and neces-
sary legislation for the protection of the people
meanwhile.
I am one of that number. Although I voted
against the demand for the previous question,
in order that we might have some little discus-
sion upon so important a measure, that we
might have an understanding of what its effect
and interpretation were to be, yet I was unwill-
ing to put myself upon the record, before the
country and before my own people, as oppos-
ing an investigation, the fullest, widest, am-
plest investigation, into the condition of affairs
throughout the South. I regretted that the
southern Republicans had not been so far con-
fided in as to have been informed of the inten-
tion to bring in a'measure so peculiarly import-
ant to them and their constituents. So far as
I am aware all, were taken by surprise as com-
pletely as myself. They voted without concert
or opportunity for consultation. Many voted
against it as a mockery, if not an insult, to
their constituents. But the investigation is
ordered, and I trust it will be made. I trust
it will be so thorough and full that "he who
runs may read;" that there shall be no oppor-
tunity 
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. VOORHEES. Perhaps my point had
better be put in the shape of a parliamentary
inquiry. I ask the Chair whether debate is
open generally on the question now?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The debate
proceeds by unanimous consent.
_Mr. VOORHEES. Well, sir, lam perfectly
willing, and so are other gentlemen on this side
of the House, to allow any reasonable latitude
to gentlemen who wish to give their reasons
for declining to serve on this committee. But
if the debate is to take the range in which the
gentlem-an from Tennessee [Mr. MaynardJ is
indulging, then, in sheer justice to ourselves,
