1871..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
we on this side shall claim the right to be heard
also. I never make objections to allowing
gentlemen to submit explanations. All I want
to know is whether debate is to be allowed also
on this side, if it is desired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, (to Mr. Voorhees.) He
cannot do any harm ; let him go on.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I thought
it proper to say this much in explanation of
the votes of several gentlemen who sit around
me, and in explanation of perhaps an apparent
difference in sentiment among southern Repub-
licans. There was no difference in sentiment
or opinion, no difference in wish or purpose.
They all agree in the opinion that this Con-
gress should, before it adjourns, adopt some
measure of legislation looking to the protection
of the people of the southern country. And
if this measure, of Republican origin, were in-
tended to prevent such legislation, or shall have
the effect to prevent it, they agree that the
authors of it have incurred a grave responsibil-
ity. Meantime, as the investigation has been
ordered, I trust that it will be full, thorough,
and complete. Although service on that com-
mittee will seriously interfere with my pre-
arranged plans, although the acceptance of
the position which the Speaker, acting as the
organ of the House, has assigned ma will dis-
turb entirely my personal plans, I shall en-
deavor to the best of my ability to discharge
the duty which has been imposed upon me.
And 1 trust these other gentlemen who have
tendered their excuses will either be induced
to withdraw them or that the House will not
accept them, excepting always the gentleman
who was appointed the chairman. I have
stated to him privately—I do not think it
proper to state publicly—the reasons why I
think it would not be politic or prudent for
him to accept the position, reasons which are
aside from anything that has come out in the
discussion, reasons growing outof my personal
and local knowledge, and which do not in the
least reflect upon the gentleman or detract
from his fitness for the position.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
have not sought the floor for the purpose of
prolonging this discussion. The Speaker has
thought it proper, in the exercise of that power
which lie has exercised so wisely and so much
to the gratification of every part of the coun-
try, to place me upon the committee of thir-
teen which was constituted by the House yes-
terday. And it is only, sir, because I am there
by your appointment that I desire to make a
statement bearing on the matter of the dis-
charge of the duties to which I am consigned
by that appointment. You have in that ap-
pointment consigned thirteen gentlemen of this
House to duties, the right discharge of which,
in my solemn judgment, next after the enact-
ment of some just legislation, demanded right
now for the safety of the Renublic, take rank
second.
Why, sir,, this country now has a spectacle
before it which never, in time of peace, was
seen before in the history of civilized States.
I challenge those who know most about what
we were taught by that "reverend chroni-
cler of the grave" to answer me, when before ?
In a time of what is called, with a strange
charity, "profound peace," murder—unnat-
ural, contrived, organized, banded by trea-
sonous oaths, political murder ; murder by
wholesale, murder by day and in night time,
murder of men, and of women, and of the
children : murder accompanied with its fright-
ful train of whippings and burnings and rob-
beries ; murders arx-anged and adjusted upon
a scale proportioned with nice design to the
attainment of the set purposes of its leagued
authors, to wit: the overthrow of the liber-
ties of those emancipated and protected by
the new amendments to the Constitution—
stalks, almostunehallenged, through the half
of the Republic. This fact is already proved
by such evidences as ought to make it indis-
putable.
Why, sir, a few months ago I went out of that
the most beautiful but that most profligate city
of the globe, the queen of beauty just fallen,
and as I went across the Seine I saw the
people of Paris thronging up every street and
boulevard, pressing to the "dead-house."
There seemed to be thousands in intense
agony of excitement, and I marveled what it
meant. It was all because one French citi-
zen, a woman, and her family, had been foully
murdered. The event startled the whole French
people; and this a city, a nation, inured to the
blood of revolutions and of war, as almost no
other people is. And, sir, throughout that
empire, and that continent, too, for months
it rang that a whole family in France had
been secretly murdered, and there was no
portion of that empire's soil which was left
unvexed until justice discovered and punished
the perpetrator. And that, sir, was France—
bloody, turbulent, revolutionary France—but
that France when she was, where we now deem
ourselves to be, in "profound peace."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
point of order. If this discu^gion is to go on,
and our side of the House is to have a chance
to be heard, I do not object. If we are to be
arrested from replying to the allegations of
the gentleman from Ohio and others, I must
object to his proceeding in his present line of
remark.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. 1 hope the oppor-
tunity will be given, and that it will continue
for days. I will vote to give them that oppor-
tunity with all my heart.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then let
them go on.
Mr. KELLEY. Better have the subject
arranged definitely.
Mr. WOOD. No ten-minutes speeches.
Mr. KELLEY. Let it run for days.
Mr. COX. We had better make some
arrangement before we go further.
The SPEAKER. There ought to be some
distinct understanding.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will not go fur-
ther than to state the reasons why I ask to be
excused from serving on the committee.
Mr. COX. I do not object to the gentle-
man proceeding. I understand the Speaker
to decide that discussion on these excuses is
limited. We have not stopped you in your
speeches this morning.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. There ought to be
no further than the ordinary discussion of the
grounds for asking to be cxcused. If this be
allowed to run on without limit, there is no
telling where it will end.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us wait until
the report of the committee for general discus-
sion.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the debate run on
for an hour at least.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not wish to be want-
ing in courtesy to my honorable friend from
Ohio, but when debate is so wholly out of order
I must insist on my objection.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope my friend will not
insist on his point of order, in view of the lat-
itude allowed before.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
understanding?
The SPEAKER. On the question of excus-
ing a member from service upon a committee
debate is restricted to giving reasons personal
to the member and to matters of convenience.
The Chair does not hear any objection to the
gentleman from Ohio proceeding.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. ^ I will not tres-
pass much longer upon the time of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Of course the gentle-
man is not to proceed without limit.
The SPEAKER. He says he only desires
a brief time.
Mr. DAWES. I think it desirable that we
should have some understanding as to contin-
uing the discussion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will not tres-
pass long upon that generosity which has eon-
ceded to me, by unanimous consent, the priv-
ilege of addressing the House, and will go on
and finish my statement.
Mr. Speaker, the reason why I say the duties
to which I have been appointed upon this com-
mittee are of so transcendent importance is
because our country is in that condition of dis-
order, of incipient—I was going to use that
hateful word which I hoped in such connections
never to use again—rebellion, that we are de-
manded by the very highest duties of Amer-
ican Representatives to undertake the work to
which we are consigned by this resolution of
yesterday. In the recent report made from the
other end of your Capitol by a minority of a
committee the stupendous and ghastly fact
which I assert, and which so asserts itself in this
"dance of death" to which I have alluded, is
denied, and is denied by the other side of this
House and by a powerful party in this country.
It is denied that this state of mischief exists
or that this coming mischief impends. This
being denied, that ought to be done which the
resolution proposes shall be done, so that there
shall be no doubt left, if indeed honest doubt
can now exist. But, sir, it is because it is thus
made eminently right that the investigations
of matters so huge in moment as these be
made so complete, the nation's knowledge of
the inexpressible guilt and of the appalling
danger be complete, that I voted that it should
be made; and if men want better reasons than
that, I have no better to give, though I have
many others to give.
Wisely, sir, and well, if your convictions
were like mine; wisely and well might you
exercise the rights and perform the duties of
the Representative of the third district of
Maine in inditing a resolution inviting us to so
important a search as this for facts like these.
But I had, as I said, additional reasons, but
none other so overwhelmingly commanding as
this, for voting for that resolution, which you
drew and we adopted, which reason I will now
state in the language of another—language
already become celebrated, though just tele-
graphed to the country and also laid upon our
tables. That x-eason is expressed in these words,
stated, I fear, too strongly, yet stated, I hope,
with at least a modicum of truth, that—
" Yv hen over and wherever the committee would
go there would be sunshine and peace, and we would
be compelled so to report."
And if the constitution and investigations of
this committee shall do what the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] here says
it will—nay, not so much as that, but only save
one American life and stop one butchery-
God knows I would vote for it from now till
the crack of doom.
Now, sir, it seems to me that these two rea-
sons more than justified, that they demanded,
if your convictions were like mine, that you
should have written the i-esolution. Another
thing I wish to say, and then I close. I say it
to my fellow-Republicans. We are men, I
trust, not made of brittle stuff. If we are, we
are not fit to be the Representatives of that
grand party whoso name we bear.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask a question?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In a moment.
As the Representatives of the Republican
party, let us stand lo our duty here, at our
post. What is there, sir, in the passage of the
resolution of yesterday that is to prevent our
passing the legislation required to-day for the
protection of the people ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to put my question right there.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In a moment.
And I, sir, am for doing it, if it be within the
range of physical possibilities. If not, let the
responsibility before God and their country of
