128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
licensing those disorders, this most foul and
nnnatural, scheme of slaughter, and of bidding
them go on unrebuked by refusing needed
legislation to check them—let that responsi-
bility, and the responsibility of our failure, be
upon them who shall have produced it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman now allow me to put my question?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is
•whether the gentleman does not see that we can-
not have what he proposes, because the same
gentlemen who voted for this resolution voted
immediately afterward, almost to a man, to
adjourn on Monday next.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. There is no rea-
son in the passage of the resolution of yester-
day why the gentlemen who voted for it should
vote to adjourn, instead of passing a protective
law to-morrow or to-day if sufficient reasons
existed for it. Gentlemen who find in the
passage of this resolution a reason for adjourn-
ing act upon their responsibility to their coun-
try and their constituents, and with them, for
exercising such a judgment touching such duty,
I have neither the right nor the inclination to
either question or accuse.
And now, Mr. Speaker, thanking you for
the honor that you have done me in the place
to which you have consigned me on this com-
mittee, I beg, on account of matters personal
to myself that are insurmountable, and that
grow out of the state of my health, to be
excused by the House.
Mr. COX. I wish to ask the gentleman one
question before he concludes. 1 understand
that he would favor the passage of this bill of
General Butler's and stay here till it passes,
or some such bill and after that take testi-
mony 
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Let me reply to
that part first.
Mr. COX. My question is not finished. He
proposes to make tho investigation after the
passage of the bill based on that testimony.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I thank my friend
and fQrmer colleague for the suggestion. There
seems to be an inconsistency attributed to me
in his question which ought to be replied to,
and he has brought it to my mind. I reply
that tho country knows beyond all contro-
versy or cavil enough now to warrant, nay
demand, legislation as a measure of precau-
tion, at least. If it is just and constitutional
it can do no harm even if we be (what all
earth knows we are not) wholly mistaken as
to the existence of these political conspiracies
against the laws of the Republic and these
crimes. Then these investigations, just be-
cause they must, if thorough, disclose to the
country its danger or the absence of it, disclose
completely the affairs about which we must
hereafter and more fully legislate, and, more-
over, because it may tend to produce "sun-
shine and peace" "wherever and whenever
the committee goes," arc most fit to be made,
and the resolution authorizing them fit to be
written by its author, voted for by the Repre-
sentatives, and approved by the people.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, as I was one
of those Republicans who voted for tho reso-
lution of yesterday, and as for so doing I am
arraigned before the country by one of my own
colleagues as engaged in a very dishonorable
legislative trick, 1 desire the indulgence of
the House for a few moments.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to be the effort of
gentlemen who are in the minority on this
occasion to insist upon it that they alone
recognize and deplore the terrible condition
of things in the southern States, and that who-
ever differs with them as to the mode of the
remedy arrays himself in alliance with dis-
order and murder and rapine and lust; and
it is that grand mistake which has involved us
in all this trouble, and in my opinion underlies
the difficulty itself.
I know not why it is that any gentleman
assumes that he has a mora lively interest in
the peace and welfare of the nation than any
other members, political associates at least of
his, on this floor. Yet that is the assumption
of my colleague. I marvel at the right he
assumes to say that I,have any less anxiety,
any less desire than he has to seek out a proper
remedy for the evil that has had its origin back
in the years of trouble and distress through
which we have passed, and which throughlegis-
lation, and abundant legislation, with all the
powers of legislation at all times has been
growing worse and worse until to-day, and con-
fronts us in this hour worse than ever. It has
occurred to me, Mr. Speaker, that the great
difficulty was and the lesson for us to study
was whether it was a lack of legislation or a
lack of administration that has brought this
evil upon us, and whether it was not possible
that the poor, sick, dying patient had been
almost doctored to death already, and whether
some change in treatment might not possibly
result in some good effects.
I have therefore been in anxiety myself as
to the mode of treatment, not as to the neces-
sity of treatment and I have encountered all
along (honestly entertained I have no donbt,
but every where where I have undertaken to
consult upon this matter) the imputation upon
me that unless I adopt and adhere to this old
mode of what is called by some the "heroic
treatment," growing more and more severe in
the same line, I am to be set down as hostile
and inimical to good order and peace and
loyalty at the South. It is with that feeling
that my colleague holds me up before the coun-
try, because I differ with him upon the mode.
Am I to be hunted down at home among loyal
men as a trickster in alliance with my political
opponents simply because I do not see my way
clear in a free deliberative body, called upon
to act my judgment, and mine alone, to adopt
in totidem. verbis the measure which my col-
league believes to be the only remedy for this
evil?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask my colleague a single question in all
kindness.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why not,
then, propose something for yourself?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the accusation
against me is that I have, if not proposed, yet
hailed and supported most heartily a measure
which, in my judgment, looks to practicability,
and not to excitement and futility, i desire
something practical; something that will result
in peace and harmony. I do not care so much
to show what wo can do, if I am in the majority,
as to show that something can be done, the
fruit whereof shall be blessed peace.
As I have already said, we have had the
power; we have made whatever laws have
seemed to us good. My distinguished colleague
has stood at the head of a committee, for one
Congress at least, and I do not know but for
two Congresses, with an overwhelming major-
ity at his back; and he has legislated to his
heart's content. And has it not suggested itself
to my colleague that it were worth while to
inquire whether, under such treatment, and
with the patient growing worse and worse, it
were not better to try some other mode, even
if it be but an experiment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to answer his question ?
Mr. DAWES. Not quite yet.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like to do so, right here.
Mr. DAWES. Excuse me. On yesterday
the House demonstrated to the country that
the only effect of pressing my colleague's meas-
ure, with an equal division of his own com-
mittee and the committee of the other branch
of Congress, as "many opposed to as in favor
of it 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is misstating the fact.
Mr. DAWES. Not intentionally. I have
the statement I make from the committee itself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me; the gentleman must be wrong. You can-
not equally divide a committee composed of
five members. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I will give the gentleman
the advantage of that statement, and say the
committee stood three to two. I know that
three of them were opposed to his measure.
Now I say that this House presented itself
here yesterday in the position of a dead-lock.
To any man who believes in practical legisla-
tion it was as plain as the sun in the heavens
at midday that we were demonstrating to our
poor, suffering, unprotected, and murdered
friends at the South our impotence to afford
them any relief by legislation in the attitude in
which we were forced to stand here yesterday.
At that time the proposition that passed the
House was presented to me, and it met my
hearty approval as the solution of a difficulty,
the only result of which was to show to the
world that so long as we stood where we were
we stood in weakness and in helplessness, not
only before the country at large, but before
those whose hands were outstretched to us for
help and for protection. And it was because
it was the only solution, and with a heart as
earnest as that of my colleague, if not with an
ability or zeal equal to his, yet with as honest
a purpose to meet by legislation, if by legisla-
tion it can be met, to meet by administration,
if by administration it can be met, to meet
here, to meet there, to meet everywhere law-
lessness and violence with proper restraint and
punishment. It was because of that I voted for
tho resolution, recognizing my responsibility
to caucus obligations as much as my colleague
ever does, and as much as does any man who
attends caucuses, but also recognizing a higher
responsibility ; and that is the duty of the
majority of this House to turn its attention
to practical and useful legislation, and not
to impracticable and ineffectual efforts, there-
by demonstrating our impotence before the
country.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I desire to say a
few words.
Mr. MORGAN. I will withdraw my motion
for the present.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will not detain
the House long with what I desire to say.
Some question has been raised in this discus-
sion in regard to the conduct of gentlemen
who attended the caucus of the Republican
members of this House upon the subject of
the bill of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.] He states, in a paper laid upon
the desks of gentlemen here this morning, and
published as well in the newspaper press, his
first objection to the resolution adopted by
the House on yesterday, in this language :
"First, because this committeo was forced upon
the Republicans by an almost unanimous vote of
the Democratic party of the House, aided by some
twenty or thirty Republicans only, against the
decision of the majority of that party in a duly
called caucus of the members of the House."
I will say nothing about the very apparent
mistake in the statement that only twenty or
thirty Republicans voted for the resolution,
while the record shows that the number of
Republicans so voting was fifty-eight. But I
wish to say a word in regard to the latter clause
of this objection.
I was present at the caucus, and, by the great
courtesy of my friends upon this side of tho
House, occupied the Chair. Tho bill of the
gentleman was reported to the caucus from a
committee which had been raised at a previous
caucus. It was very voluminous. It was not,
and could not well have been read to the cau-
cus at all. No member of the caucus who had
not had the opportunity to peruse that bill
knew what it was. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts indeed stated to the caucus, as well
as he could I presume—and I find no fault
with the statement—the substance of the bill.
It included the gentleman's own bill, which
