1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
visions of the twenty-third article of the treaty
ratified July 19,1806, between the United States
and the Cherokee nation, and held and the inter-
est disbursed for them according to its provis-
ions ; that all Cherokee heads of families who
were settled on said landsat the date of the rati-
fication of said treaty, and who have continu-
ously occupied thesame, save when prevented
by war orforce, since the treaty ratified July 19,
1866, shall have the right to purchase not to
exceed one hundred and sixty acres, including
his improvements; and any orphan children,
Cherokees, who had legal rights to improve-
ments thereon, shall be entitled, on due evi-
dence submitted to the United States land
office in the district in which the land is situ-
ated, to receive from the purchaser of the tract
on which such improvements are located the
value of such improvements at the date of the
ratification of said treaty, but not to include
any value of improvements placed thereon by
others; that the •'town-site laws of the Uni-
ted States," so called, are thereby made appli-
cable to the lands in the so-called " Cherokee
strip; " that -when two or more persons, re-
siding on said lands at the date of the passage
of the act, shall claim the right to purchase
the same subdivision of land, the person hav-
ing made the first bona fide settlement or im-
provements thereon shall have the rightto make
such purchase ; and that the Secretary of
the Interior be, and is thereby, authorized to
deduct, before investment in United States
bonds as aforesaid, a sum sufficient to pay for
the expense of the survey and sale of said land
by officers appointed by the United States.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Lowe, to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to move the reference of this bill to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. LOWE. Mr. Speaker, the passage of
this bill is very necessary for the interests
both of the settlers and the Indians. The pro-
ceeds of this sale are to go entirely to the
Cherokee nation of Indians. Those Indians
have had a delegation here for two months
endeavoring to secure the passage of a bill of
this kind. The settlers have also had a dele-
gation here urging the passage of the same
measure. The bill is designed to carry out the
provisions of the treaty of 1866. It is a meas-
ure of justice both to the Indians, who are to
receive the proceeds of the sale, and to the
settlers who are upon the lands and wish to
purchase them. The bill provides that the
sales shall be made to actual settlers only, and
in quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres. I think no gentleman understand-
ing the provisions of the bill would desire to
object to it.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I think
there are very good reasons why this bill
should be thoroughly investigated before it
is acted on by this House. 1 am not aware
that any agents of the Cherokees have been
here.
Mr. LOWE. If the gentleman has observed
the proceedings of the Senate, as published in
the Globe, he must have seen that this bill
was fully considered in the Senate, and gentle-
men representing the interests which the gen-
tleman seeks to sustain were entirely satisfied
with the bill.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I am un-
der the necessity of insisting on my motion
that the bill be referred.
Mr. COX. I objected to this bill yesterday.
I desire to say that, as 1 learn, the bill 
Mr. PERCE. I object to debate.
The motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
Mr. LOWE. Imovethatthebillbereferred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
withdrawal of papers.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
for the withdrawal of papers in the following
cases;
On motion of Mr. McNEELY, papers in
the case of 0. W. Ballard;
On motion of Mr. PLATT, papers in the
ease of G, A. Williams;
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, papers in the
case of M. P. Norton;
On motion of Mr. TAFFE, papers in the
case of Robert Wehe;
On motion of Mr. TURNER, papers in the
case of William Jones;
On motion of Mr. BUFFINTON, papers
relating to books ordered by the House of
Representatives from Gales & Seatonin 1862;
On motion of Mr. AVER1LL, papers in the
case of F. S. McDonald; and
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, papers in the
case of Patrick Maguire.
leave to print.
Mr. POTTER obtained leave to have printed
in the Globe remarks upon the bill (H. R. No.
320) to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, and for other
purposes. [See Appendix.]
claims in insurrectionary states.
Mr. NIBLACIi, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 435) in relation
to claims of certain persons in the late insur-
rectionary States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. HOAR. I move that tho House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a motion to adjourn, as the House has
agreed to adjourn finally at two o'clock to-day.
Mr. HOAR. I move, then, to take a recess
till half-past oue o'clock.
Mr. BECK. I insist on my motion to sus-
pend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That raises a peculiar
question, which the Chair will submit to the
House. The rules provide that—
"Pending a motion to suspend tho rules, tho
Speaker may entertain one motion that the House
do now adjourn; but after the result thereon is an-
nounced he shall not entertain any other dilatory
motion till the vote has been taken on suspension/'
But it is not in order for the Speaker to
entertain a motion to adjourn on the day fixed
by the two Houses for final adjournment.
Hence, as no dilatory motion can override a
motion to suspend the rules, any gentleman
desiring to move for a recess must obtain the
floor while no motion for suspension of the
rules is pending.
privileges of the house.
Mr. BECK. I move to suspend the rules
to pass the resolution I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
limolved, That it being declared by the second
section of the second article of tho Constitution
" that the President shall have power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators pres-
ent concur," the House of Representatives do not
claim any agency in making treaties; butthaC when
a treaty stipulates regulations on any of the subjects
submitted by the Constitution to the power of Con-
gress. it must depend for its execution as to such
stipulations on tho law or laws to be passed by Con-
gress; and it is the constitutional right and duty of
the House of Representatives m all such cases to
deliberate on the expediency or inexpediency of
carrying such treaty into effect, and to determine
and act thereon as in their judgment may bo most
conducive to the publicgood.
The rules were suspended ; and the resolu-
tion was accordingly adopted.
unrolled bill.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that it had examined
and found truly enrolled the following bill;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 428) to establish certain
post roads,
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the President
had notified the Senate that he had approved
and signed bills of the following titles;
An act (S. No. 45) to enable the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Com-
pany to relocate a portion of its road;
An act (S. No. 53) for tho restoration of
Commander George A. Stevens, United States
Navy, to the active from the retired list;
An act (S. No. 89) to create a port of deliv-
ery at Potomac, Virginia, and for other pur-
poses ;
An act (S. No. 90) for the relief of John E.
Wheeler;
An act (S. No. 137) to authorize the pay-
ment of duplicate checks of disbursing officers!
An act (S. No. 116) concerning the compen-
sation of the collector of customs for the dis-
trict of Willamette, in the State of Oregon ;
An act (S. No. 29) amending an act to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
approved July 14, 1870 ;
An act (S. No. 178) for the relief of Nich-
olas P. Trist, negotiator of the treaty of Guada-
lupu Hidalgo;
An act pi. No. 232) to enable the Houghton
and Qnlonagon Railroad Company to make a
resurvey of its road ;
An act (S. No. 242) to enable the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company to mortgage its
road;
An act (S. No. 255) for the relief of Anna
M. Iloward ;
An act (S. No. 257) to amend the act ap-
proved June 16, 1862, entitled "An act pro-
viding for the selection of jurors to serve in
the several courts of the District of Columbia;
and
An act (S. No. 273) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to convey the United
States branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to
the trustees of the North Georgia Agricultural
College for educational purposes.
personal explanation,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to make a personal explan-
ation.
Mr. ARTHUR. I object.
The SPEAKER. How long does the gen-
tleman desire?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not more
than fifteen minutes.
Mr. BECK. Is it not to be a personal attack
on the Senator from Kentucky ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means. I move to suspend the rules, so that
I may be allowed to make a personal explan-
ation.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
91, noes 52.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the yeas and nays. I wish to put an end to
this business of personal explanation by find-
ing out how members are voting.
Mr. BECK. Make it at the proper time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays, 23, not vot-
ing 89 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Ackcr, Archer, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, lieatly, Bigby, Austin Blair, Brax-
ton, George M. Brooks, Buokley, Burchard, Bur-
dett. Conger, Cotton, Cox, Creely, Davis, DcLarge,
Donnan, Dox, DuBoso, Bunnell. Barnes, Edwards,
ISIdridgo, Elliott, Ely, Famsworth, Farwell, itnk-
elnburg, Charles Foster, Garfield, Golladav, Grif-
fith, Hale, Halsey, Handley, ilarmer. Harper,
George E. H#rrts, Hawley, Ifays, John \\. Hazle-
too, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, liolman, Hoopei, Kendall,
Ketcham, Lamport.Landing, Leach, l.owe. Malison,
Maynard, MeClclUnd, McCormick, Melntyre, Mii-
Junkm, McICee.McKinoey, Mercur. Mernam, Mon-
roe, JVIorey, Lconaid Myers, Niulack, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Isaac 0. Parker, Peck, Perec,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Rainey, Riteliio, Ellis II.
Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Seofield, Seeley, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, U. Boardman
Smith, John A, Smith, Snyder, Sprague, Si.uk-
weather, Stevens, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Taffs, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twiohell,
