130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call the
gentleman to order. I have not said that the
committee is so composed. I have stated 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentleman
has a point of order to make let him make it,
but not make a speech.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that the gentleman says that in a
printed document laid on the desks of mem-
bers it is stated that this committee is com-
posed of the classes of persons he has enumer-
ated. The document does not state that the
committee is so composed. It states that a
majority of the other side is composed largely
of those classes of persons. That is my point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
that there is involved any point of order, but
merely a point of fact.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will read the
language of this pronunciamento:
"Fifth. Because with these views of the efficiency
and powers of the committee, my services would be
useless; and I am not accustomed to undertake to do
that which I feel that I have no power successfully to
accomplish. And it is a parliamentary practicewhich
lias lately been illustrated in a signal instanco in the
Senate, that the chairman of a committee should be
in harmony with the majority who constitute it; and
theie is iio element oi harmony between me and that
Democratic party, largely composed of secessionists,
old Whigs, and Know-Nothings, who are the major-
ity that constituted this committee."
Now, if this committee is constituted of a
majority of secessionists, old Whigs, and
Know-Nothings, then I say, in the name of
the country and its interests, let lis keep on it,
if we can, one man who does not come under
any of those categories. That is the point I
make; and I believe I am strictly within the
rule in speaking on this point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, It was
riot stated that the majority of the committee
was composed of those classes; and to affect
so to understand it is worthy only of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All in the world
that I have done is to quote the words—the
language verbatim et literatim et punctuatim,
of the gentleman who wrote it. And if that is
not what it means, let him write a commentary
on the text of his proclamation. I thought
the document was entirely worthy of its distin-
guished author.
I must, however, object to the statement that
the committee is made up in that way. I do
not believe it in regard to my colleague from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger. ] I do not believe it
in regard to the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] who, I regret,
also finds it necessary to ask to be excused.
I do not think it is true of my other colleague,
[Mr. Stevenson,] nor of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Bubdett] who sits near me.
I do not think it is true of any one of the eight
Republicans who constitute eight thirteenths
of that committee as appointed by the Speaker
yesterday.
Indeed, I thought the Speaker was exceed-
ingly fortunate in making up the Republican
portion of the committee of rugged-issue men,
of men against whom no suspicion of party
weakness could possibly lie found; and I hope
for that reason that those gentlemen who have
asked to be excused will withdraw their requests
and will serve on the committee. For still an-
other reason I hope that those gentlemen will
serve; I want them to examine the whole sub-
ject most thoroughly. It does not alarm me if
they happen to carry sunshine and peace with
them. [Laughter.] That is one of the objec-
tions which the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts raises to going on the commit-
tee, that wherever his benign presence as chair-
man of this committee may be felt sunshine
and peace would irradiate all around him.
[Laughter.] I understand him to say that
he does not wish to carry such sunshine into
the regions of the South for fear it may help
the Democracy. [Laughter.] N^w, I have
never seen any very marked exhibition of
sunshine and peace in his pathway hitherto,
[laughter,] and I cannot believe that there
will be an overplus of peace if he shall serve
as chairman of the committee. If his asso-
ciates are such men as he describes them to
be, they may soften the fiercer radiance of
his beams and make his brightness endurable.
But I wish to make one more suggestion. I
desire, and I hope it will be the first duty of
this committee, and that these gentlemen will
serve on it for that purpose, to ascertain whether
the executive authorities of this Government
need any more legislation in order to keep
peace in the South. We have had no message
from the President of the United States saying
that the laws as they now exist are not suffi-
cient to enable him to keep the peace. Per-
haps they are not. I should like to know how
the case stands. I should like some execu-
tive voucher to warrant me in making so strin-
gent a law as that proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] before we
pass his bill, and I would like moreover to
know from all concerned what is wanting in
the sixth section of the act passed on the 31st
of May, 1870, which I will ask the Clerk to
read, as it is directly in the line of this dis-
cussion.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That if two or
more persons shall band or eonspiro together, or go
in disguise upon the public highway, or upon the
premises of another, with intent to violate any pro-
vision of this act, or to injure, oppress, threaten, or
intimidate any citizen with intent to prevent or
hinder his free exercise and enjoyment of any right
or privilege granted or secured to him by the Con-
stitution or laws of tlio United States, or because of
his having exercised the same, such persons shall be
held guilty of felony, and, on conviction thereof,
shall be fined or imprisoned, or both, at the discre-
tion of tlio court—the lino not to exceed live thou-
sand dollars, and the imprisonment not to exceed
ton years—and shall, moreover, bo thereafter ineli-
gible to, and disabled from holding, any office or
place of honor, profit, or trust created by the Con-
stitution or laws of the United States."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order. I submit that these remarks
are not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentleman from Ohio, in his present line of
remarks, is transcending the legitimate limits
of debate on the question of excusing a mem-
ber from serving on the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire merely
to say that so distinguished a lawyer as my
colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] ought not to be
excused from service on the committee, when
it is the first duty of the committee to give to
this House the meaning of that law, to say
whether it covers the case or not, and to show
that some law is needed stronger, reaching fur-
ther, covering more ground than this section.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My point
of order is that the committee is not to construe
the law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I say I think
the House ought not to excuse my colleague
and the distinguished gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] from giving us their
aid on the committee in considering this clause
of the law made in 1870.
Now, sir, the committee cannot propose any-
thing that is in the line of constitutional legis-
lation to protect life and property in the South
that I will not give them all the help in my
power to pass. I deplore the disturbances at
the South as much as they do; but I want them
to point out whether the difficulty is now legis-
lative or executive, and what we can do to
remedy it.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to say, as the
gentleman connects my name with his argu-
ment for a continuance upon this committee,
that if the House shall determine to keep my
name there it would simply result in reducing
the committee to a committee of twelve mem-
bers, as I cannot by any possibility attend to
its duties.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order,
perhaps. I understand that the Republican
Senators are now in caucus at the other end
of the Capitol on this business. Now, I think
you gentlemen on the other side had better
call another caucus and settle these things
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That
might do if gentlemen would only abide by
the action of the caucus.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I understand that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
asks to be excused from service on this com-
mittee because of the condition of his health.
Mr. KELLEY. That is the principal reason.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the proposition to excuse the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] from service on
the committee ordered by the House yesterday.
The question being taken, the proposition to
excuse was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] also asks to be excused
from service on that committee.
The question was taken ; and the proposi-
tion to excuse Mr. Shellabarger was agreed
to upon a division—ayes ninety-three, noes not
counted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bordett] also asks to be excused.
The proposition to excuse Mr. Bubdett was
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
for reasons personal to myself, " and of para-
mount importance,'1 in the language of the
gentleman from Ohio, to be excused from
service on this committee.
The proposition to excuse Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, was agreed to.
MESSAGE MOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Smi'sox,
one of their clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a joint resolution of the following title :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 31) granting
the right to erect a monument to Professor
Morse on a Government reservation.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution and
sundry bills, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested, as follows:
A concurrent resolution for printing one
hundred and sixty thousand additional copies
of the preliminary report of the United Slates
census for 1870, of which fifty thousand copies
shall be for the use of the Senate, one hundred
thousand for the use of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and ten thousand for distribution
under the direction of the Census Bureau ;
A bill (S. No. 45) to enable the Leaven-
worth, Lawrence, and Galveston Railroad Com-
pany to relocate a portion of its road ;
A bill (S. No. 220) authorizing the Presi-
dent to appoint commissioners to examine and
report upon the Sutro tunnel, in the State of
Nevada;
A bill (S. No. 244) relating to condemned
cannon for cemetery at San Francisco ; and
A bill (S. No. 245) amendatory of an act
authorizing the_ construction of a bridge across
the Arkansas river.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
INVESTIGATION OF AFFAIRS IN TUB SOOTH.
Mr. COBURN. Before the question is put
on the motion to adjourn I want to say a few
words, hp.ving been designated by the Speaker
as a member of the committee ordered by the
House on yesterday.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will waive my motion
to adjourn for the present.
Mr. COBURN. I am satisfied I would not
be a useful member of this committee. I
am opposed to the policy of the resolution
authorizing the appointment of the commit-
tee. The gentlemen composing this commit-
tee should be zealously in favor of this policy
of investigation. I am not in favor of it, as
