1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
ward, when he commanded the Fort Fisher
expedition.
I have taken, so tar, only Mr. Davis's own
account of his own acts. Many things can
be pardoned for the failure of memory in old
age. But failure of memory is the inability to
recall what has in fact happened, not the ability
to recall what never did and never could hap-
pen. So there is no refuge for the falsehoods
of Mr. Dayis by the most charitable allowance
for his increasing infirmities.
I beg leave now to read from the Globe
exactly what, and all, every word Mr. Davis
did say, which will show that the denials of
his truthfulness just made by me are abso-
lutely correct, and that the statements made
by himself of his own supposed doings are
as absolutely untrue.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a question of order.
I submit whether that is not in distinct viola-
tion of what the gentleman from Massachu-
setts said, when he got the consent o£ this side
of the House to make a personal explanation,
that he was not going to say anything person-
ally abusive of Senator Davis.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I said
nothing of the kind. I said I was to make no
attack upon him.
Mr. BECK. I protest against such language
being used in regard to a gentleman who can-
not open his mouth here, and who never told
a lie in his life.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We will
see that, when we come to look at the record.
If he did not tell a lie, he did something so
near to it that you cannot tell the distinction
between tbem.
On the 31st of May, 1804, Mr. Davis, with-
out a word of preface, introduced a resolution
in manner following. I quote from the Globe:
"Mr. Davis. X submit the following resolution,
which I ask to have read and printed.
II The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"k Whereas it has been frequently charged in the
pubHs prints and other modes that when tho lead-
ers of the recent rebellion wero engaged in plotting
and maturing it Benjamin F. Butler was cogniz-
ant of and privy to their treasonable purposes, and
gavo them his countenance, sympathy, and support;
and that he* the said Butler, alter some of the rebel
States had published ordinances of secession, turned
against the conspirators whom he had been sustain-
ing to get position and office under the Government
of the United States, to enable hiin to consummate
his own personal and corrupt objects: and that after
he was appointed to, and whilo ho was acting in, the
military service, he was, by himself and his accom-
plice, A. J. Butler, and many others, guilty of many
acts of fraud, peculation, and embezzlement against
the United States, and many acts of extortion, plun-
der, despoliation, oppression, and cruelty against
individuals: Therefore,
"Be it resolved, That the President of the Senate
appoint a, committee of throe to investigate all such
charges against the said Butler; that said commit-
tee have power to sitduring the recess of theSenate,
to employ a cleric, to send for persons and papers;
and that it report all the testimony and its pro-
ceedings to the next session of the Senate.
"Mr. Wilson. I objcct to the consideration or
printing of that resolution.
"The President pro tempore. Objection being
made, it will lie over."
No further action or debate was asked or
had upon that resolution until the 8th day of
June; nine days after.
Senator Harris having called up his bill,
and being about to put it on its passage, Mr.
Davis rose and said:
"Will the Senator from New York allow me a
moment to say a word personal to myself?
"Mr. Harris. I have no objection.
"Mr. Davis. I have received a letter, which I will
read to tho Senate:
Headquarters in tite Field, June 3,18G4.
Sir: I have read your resolution of inquiry.
?ou can do me no greater favor than to have every
act of my political life, which began on the first
Tuesday of November, 1839. and ended on the 15th
day of April, 1861, most thoroughly scrutinized. t I
will thank you, aiso, to have every act of my official
life, which began as brigadier general of the Massa-
chusetts militia April 16. 1861, and will end when
this war does, if not sooner, subjected to tho like
examination. I have no favors to ask, and but ono
act of justice, that tho inquisition may not be cx
parte, i. e., one-sided.
Your obedient servant,
BENJAMIN P. BUTLER,
Major General United States Volunteers.
Garrett Davis, esq.. Member of the Senate of the
United States from Kentucky.
"Mr. President, this letter is couched in terms
which every man would suppose an individual, con-
scious of his innocence and resenting imputations
against him, would use. The terms oi tho letter cer-
tainly appreciate General Butler in my estimation,
and are somewhat prima facie evidence of his inno-
cency. He may be innoccnt of the charges imputed
in the resolution whieh I offered a few days ago.
He may not bo innocent. I had no personal informa-
tion on the subject.
"I have no personal prejudice against General
Butler. X never saw him that I am conscious of.
If he and all men against whom such charges can
bo made can challenge, in the indignant-terms that
ho uses, an investigation, to me it would afford sat-
isfaction. I ain conscious that I never felt an im-
pulse or a disposition to have an innocent man pun-
ished, nor an innocent man charged; and it always
affords me pleasure for a man who is chaiged and
who is innocent to have an opportunity and be able
to exculpate himself.
"General Butler says in this letter that he had
read my resolution. Of course he understands its
terms and its effects, lie is a man of ability and large
experience, and no doubt of parliamentary learning,
and fully and correctly appreciates the appropriate
effect of tho resolution if it should pass. lie not
only, in this letter, desires, but ho challenges, invest-
igation and scrutiny. Of courso he invites it accord-
ing to the terms of the resolution which X have
offered. That resolution is that a select committee
of three be raised by the Chair to investigate the
conduct of General Butler according to the terms
expressed in the resolution, that it have power to
sit during vacation of the Senate and to send for
persons and papers. I understand General Butler to
have accepted the gage, and to take it up just in the
form in which it has been tendered to him. Now,
sir, as a Senator and ns a man, I feel perfectly con-
fident to do General Butler justice in this matter;
to enter upon the investigation and tho judgment
of his action upon the facts that may be collected
with an entirely just judgment; and to render him
justice according to the truth of his case.
" I therefore hope, in obedience to his wishes and
request, that the Senate will permit the resolution
to be read; that they will vote upon it without any
debate: that they will pass it; that they will author-
ize the committee to be raised; and authorize it to
proceed to the execution of the matters which tho
resolution would charge it with, as General Butler
seems to desire. I therefore ask that the resolution
bo read, and that the Senate pass it.
" Mr. Harris. I hope that will be postponed until
after I have passed my bill.
"The President pro temvore. The question is on
the motion of tho Senator from Now York."
So the matter passed, because being out of
its place, and, as the Globe shows, never was
called up again either for debate or vote. Mr.
Davis never said a word more of General But-
ler until he listened to him.
It will be observed that this letter, produced
by Mr. Davis to the Senate, after nearly seven
years, he claims to have been discourteous,
but with which at the time he found no fault,
but said, '' this letter is couched in terms which
every man would suppose an individual con-
scious of his innocence and resenting impu-
tations against him would use." All this was
an after-thought, for the purpose of showing
some shadow of justification for his attack upon
me, to do which he has deliberately falsified
before the Senate and the country his own
acts, not to say mine. He has characterized
a letter "discourteous'1 of which, when he
received it, he spoke in terms of praise. He
claims to have denounced me as cowardly and
incompetent as a military commander upon
occasions where he never did do so. He
claims to have stated to the Senate a specific
case of my wrong-doing to induce the Senate
to act, which he never did do$ and all for
what purpose? For the purpose of excus-
ing himself for an ungentlemanly anpl pro-
fane attack upon me for listening to his
1 submit once more to the judgment of the
House and the country whether the officer
who, in all he has done as charged, has been
fully justified by his superior, the President,
and never has been impeached by any other,
or the willful falsifier of his own record, to
justify himself in his attack upon an unoffend-
ing individual, most deserves the epithet of
"scoundrel."
But why should I, living, hope to escape the
viperous defamation of a communis neewtriz,
who, claiming to be a Christian, in defiance
even of the maxim of heathen Rome, kCthat
nothingbe said of the dead save good," ghoui-
likej pounces upon the new-made grave, and
with unclean talons tears and feasts upon >'
the corpse of the lamented patriot Stanton,
declaring that—
"Ifjusticeliad been dealt out to him in his life-time
lor his crimes, he would have been hanged a hundred
tunes for murder, and put in the penitentiary ten
thousand times for his crimes."
I might, perhaps I ought, to content myself
here j but for nearly nine years I have silently
suffered similar assaults. It may be the hour
has come now to say a word, not of explanation
for that which needs none, but of rebuke.
To all the frittering charges of taking small
amounts of money and property from rebels in
Louisiana I make once for all answer: I claim
to have captured and levied assessment there
of nearly three million dollars. I charged my-
self with that amount upon the books of my
department, and reported the same to the
proper officers. My accounts have been for
nine years open to inspection, are now open,
and I challenge investigation, as I ever have
done. All was done by military orders, of
every one of whieh my subordinate officers
must have had copies, so that anything re-
ceived by them can easily be found, as of
course I could not in person do, such acts.
t Coming on the 1st of May into a starving
city, in a disgraceful sanitary condition, I had
the lives of all its inhabitants under my care.
I must provide for their health and against
starvation by largo expenditures, and I de-
termined those who had caused the wrong
should bear the burden. Whereupon I issued
a series of orders, from which the following
are extracts:
" New Orleans. May 9, 1862.
" The deplorable state of destitution and hunger of
the mechanics and working classes of this city has
been brought to tho knowledge of tho commanding
general.
" Ho has yielded to every suggestion made by tho
city government, and ordered evorv method of fur-
nishing food to the peoplo of New Orleans that gov-
ernment desired. No relief by those ollicinls has yet
been afforded." * * * *
" Heady only for war, wo had not prepared our-
selves to feed the hungry and relieve tho distressed
with provisions. But to the extent possible within
tho power of the commanding general it shall bo
done.
"IIo has captured a quantity of beef and sugar
intended for the rebels in tho field. A thousand
barrels of these stores will be distributed among the
deserving poor of this city, from whom the rebels
had plundered it, oven although some of the supplies
will go to supply the craving wants of the wives and
children of thosonow herding at * Camp Moore ' and
elsewhere in arms against tho United States."
"New Orlkans, June -1,1862.
To the Military Commandant and
City Council of jVeu? Orleann :
"General Shepley and Gentlemen : Painful ne-
cessity compels some action in relation to the unem-
ployed and starving poor of New Orleans. Men
willing to laborcannot get work by which to support
thenjsclves and families, and arc suffering for lood.
" The condition of the streets of the city calls for
the promptest action for a greater cleanliness and
more perfect sanitary preparations.
" The necessitiesof military operations will detain
in tho city a larger number of those who commonly
leave it during the summer, especially women and
children, than are usual residents hero duriug the
hot months. Their health must bo cared for by you;
I will care lor my troops. The miasma whieh sickens
the ono will harm the other. Tho epidemic so earn-
estly prayed for by the wicked will hardly sweep
away the strongman, although he may be armed,
and Jcavothe weaker woman and child untouched."
"3. That tho United States shall issue to each laborer
so employed., for each day's work, a full ration for a
soldier, containing over fifty ounces of wholesome
food, whieh, with economy, will support a man and
a woman."
M New Orleans, August 4,1862.
"It appears that the need of relief to the destitute
poor of the city requires more extended measures
and greater outlay than have yet been made.
"It bccomes a question, in justice, upon whom
should this burden fall?,
" Clearly upon thoso who have brought tins great,
calamity upon their fellow-citizens," A ? *
"The United States Government docs its share
when it protects, defends, and preserves the people
in the enjoyment of law. order, i nd calm quiet.
"There are two classes who it would seem p<*ca
liarlyfitshouldatfirst contribute to this eud. Jb'ir&t,
those individuals and corporations who have aid<?d
tho rebellion with their means; and, second, those
who have endeavored to destroy tbe commercial
prosperity of the city, upon whieh tho welfare of
its inhabitants depends," * * *
