1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
opposed to the policy of legislation. My
judgment is that we should put the strong arm
of the law, the power of this Government, in
motion, and not merely put a committee of in-
quiry in the field. If we in this House repre-
sented the minority in the administration of
the Government, if the executive department
disagreed with the majority of the House, if we
liad a Democratic President and a Democratic
Cabinet, with perhaps a Democratic Senate and
a Republican majority in the House, this in-
vestigation would be all thatwe could accom-
plish. Bat we can do something more, and
something better, and it is our duty to do it. We
should authorize the United States courts to
take cognizance of these crimes and empower
the President, with the military arm, to assist
the marshals in arresting offenders. This is
all we propose. That is my position. And,
■while I believe that we can do much good by
making this inquiry, while I believe there is a
horrible catalogue of murders and crimes of
every description that can be written down
between now and next December, I think it is
the duty of some one else to make that record
rather than myself; the duty of some one who
feels that that course of policy and that line
of duty is the peculiar one which should be
adopted by the Ilouse and the country at this
time.
Mr. LYNCIT. Does not the gentleman think
that it would be a great consolation to the loyal
men who are being murdered in the South to
have the facts known and published to the
world?
Mr. COBURN. That may be. Bat when
we know that these outrages are being perpe-
trated there 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We do not
know any such thing.
Mr. COBURN. Why, sir, we know it as
well as we know the existence of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] If he
shuts his eyes to facts that can be known and
read of all men he is like those who were dis-
posed to say there was no rebellion, no civil
war. We have already had spread before Con-
gress and before the country proofs of those
outrages. The evidence that has been given
to the country by the committee of the Senate
is enough to convince any man who is not
blind, who does not close his eyes to these
startling facts.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will not
object to this discussion going on if we on
this side can be allowed to reply. Otherwise
I must object.
Mr. COBURN. I am explaining why I
think I would not be an efficient member of
this committee ; and the reason is, that I be-
lieve we should legislate now without waiting
for any further investigation. If any gentle-
man can come closer to the point than that, he
must have a sharper comprehension than I
have.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would like
to ask the gentleman a question. Why does
he object to an investigation throughout the
United States of Ku Klux outrages every-
where? We believe there can be shown in the
western and northern States more outrages,
two to one, in proportion to population, than
in the South.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And in the eastern States,
too.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ana in
the city of New York.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. We can show
more outrages in the city of Boston, and in
the gentleman's own city of Lowell, than he
can show in any six of the southern States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
very likely, xhe gentleman has an extensive
acquaintance with the kind of men who com-
mit these outrages.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from New
York asks me why I would object to a general
resolution having relation to all the States.
Pir, why did he not bring forward a resolution
proposing an investigation of that kind? I
have not heard of his advocating any such
measure. The gentleman is taking the posi-
tion of a hypocrite in this matter. We know
as well as we know our own existence that
these crimes are perpetrated against men be-
cause they are Union men. And we know
that the truth cannot be told in the South by
reason of the terror inspired by the Ku Klux.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. If
this is an excuse I would like to know it. I
have great respect for my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Cobubs :] but this is no way to present
an excuse for not serving on a committee.
His language is unparliamentary, and I hope
the Chair will stop it. I insist on my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York insists on his point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. From the reasons which
we have heard given by the gentleman from
Indiana we are willing to excuse him. He is
evidently too much prejudiced to be a suitable
member of the committee; he would be an
unfair judge.
Mr. COBURN. I am not asking the gen-
tlemen on the other side to excuse me.
Mr. COS. If the gentleman treats us with
discourtesy, I object to his proceeding.
Mr. COBURN. I ask no favors from gen-
tlemen on the other side. Their interruptions
are discourteous.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I must insist on the debate
being confined to the question.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] and the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. IIoliian] insist on the point of order,
and the Chair must rule 
Mr. COBURN. I ask to be excused.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
be heard on the question of excusing the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coiiukn.} I doubt,
sir, whether there is any gentleman on this
floor, not even excepting the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctlek,]
who was more opposed to the passage of the
resolution for this investigation than was I ;
and if there were any apparent hope of other
and more vigorous action by Congress at its
present session, enervated and disorganized as
the Republican part of this House is by faction
and quarrel, jealousy, spite andhate, " and all
uncharitahleness," which disgrace and bid fair
to ruiii the party, 1 should stand here as long
as any man for immediate legislation. But is
there any such hope? It seems to me the only
present hope of any remedy from this Ilouse
for the people of the South is in the proceed-
ings of an investigating committee and sub-
sequent action thereon. I have been through
one such performance, in the State of Louisi-
ana, and well know the labor and the toil of
it. Great good came out of the Louisiana in-
vestigation, and I do not despair of good results
in this.
There is much virtue in " sunshine," infin-
ite power in light and knowledge ; and if you
send your committee down to the South and
take off the cover, strip away the mask, and
let in the sunlight of public opinion, reveal to
the world the hidden deeds of deep damnation
"which are done in that land," it will do much
good. Therefore, I do not propose to ask to be
excused : I propose to stand my ground,and I
want this good, sterling, radical man from the
State of Indiana, [Mr. Coburn,] who has the
nerve* and the will to do whatever duty may
require of him, to stand by me. He is above
me on the committee. 1 seethegood and great
men above us both shrinking one by one from
its duties. The House has already excused
three of the greatest and best. I appeal to
him to stand firm, and 1 appeal to this House
not to excuse him. He gives no reason which
requires it. Somebody must perform this office.
The House has so decreed. I know no mem-
ber better qualified; and without discourtesy
to the gentleman, without intending any unkind-
ness to him, I shall vote against excusing him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it be in order to
move that the gentleman from Ohio who has
just addressed the House shall also be excused
from serving on the committee?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He has formed an ophx-
ion. Tie is a bad judge to go down there, ona
unfit to make the proposed examination.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am asked by my col-
league [Mr. Shellabarger] to state that I
recognize his as a good excuse. It is a per-
sonal reason, and it is one upon which it is
proper ho should be relieved. Now I will hear
the gentleman from Wisconsin. I did not hear
what the gentleman said.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish the gentleman
from Ohio to be excused because of the strong
prejudice which beseems to entertain, founded
upon no reason whatever. He has already pre-
judged the case. He is unfit to be a judge
on a subjeet in reference to which he is so
prejudiced.
Mr.STEVENSON. I have not expressed
an opinion in the case.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What does the gentle-
man niean by talking about the "deep dam-
nation"' down there?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have expressed no
opinion on the merits of the matter; but if I
had that would not disqualify me, for the duty
is not that of a judge, but that of an investi-
gator. I suppose the gentleman wants a com-
mittee of thirteen who have no opinion and no
knowledge of the state of the South ; and,
doubtless, he wants a committee which has no
will and no nerve.
The question recurred on the motion excus-
ing Mr. Cobuhx from service on the committee.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
87, noes So.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the Ilouse do
now adjourn.
Mr. 1)AWES. Before the Ilouse adjourns
I hope it will pass a little bill for California,
which has no Representative upon this floor at
this time. The Senate passed a bill donating
some cannon and balls for the purpose 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will not
object to this little bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts.-No bills,
sir, until these outrages are stopped.
enrolled bill.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that that committee had
examined and found truly enrolled an act
(S. No. 79) to amend an act to establish the
Smithsonian Institution, for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men, approwd
August 10, 184G ; when the Speaker signed
the same.
ii. l. amis.
On motion of Mr. PLATT, by unanimous eon-
sent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of ilie House of the papers in
the case of II. L. Amis.
william h. payxk.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was granted i'or the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the ease of William II. Payne.
david l. wright.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of David L. Wright.
iiarpek's ferry mktiiodist cncr.cn, ere.
On motion of Mr. McGREW, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
case of the trustees of the Methodist Episco-
pal church at Harper's Ferry, West Virginia ;
and also of the papers in the case of the board
of education of Bolivar township, West Vir-
ginia.
