132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
JOHN SPANGLER AND ABIJAH DOLLEYS.
On motion of Mr. McGREW" also, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the'papers
in the cases of John Spangler and Abijah
Dolleys.
leave oe absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
.grantfed to Mr. Stoem for two days, and to Mr.
Warren for ten days.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 87, not voting
81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beck. Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Cox, Crebs. Critcher,
Grassland, Davis, Dawes, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eld-
ridge, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell. Finkelnburg, Wor-
ker, Henry 1). Foster, Garrett, Getz, G-olladay, Grif-
fith, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Handley, George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, Ilawley, Holman, Kendall,
Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Man-
son, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McIIenry,
Mclntyre, McKinney, McNeely, Merriam, Benja-
min F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Niblack,
Eli Perry, Peters, Pottor, Price, Bead, Edward Y.
Rico, John M.Rice, Ritchie, WilliamR. Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Scofield, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington
G. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, Sutherland,
Swami, Terry, Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddoll, Wakeman,
Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whitthoruc, Williams of
New York, John T. Wilson. Wood, nnd Young—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Burchnrd, linrdett, Benjamin E. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Creely,
Do Large, Donnan,Bunnell, Barnes, Elliott, Charles
Foster, Kryo, Garfield, Harmer, Havens, Hay, Gorry
W. Hazleton, John W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar. Kel-
ley.Killinger,Lansing, Lowe,Lynch, Maynnrd.Mc-
Orary, McGrow, McJunkin, M ercur, Monroe. Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Nogley, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Parker, Peck,Pendleton, Perce, Piatt, Por-
ter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis II. Roberts, Rusk, Saw-
yer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, II. Boardman Smith. Snyder, Thomas J.
bpeer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John, Syplier, Taffe, Thomas, Twichell, Tyner,
Unson, Waldon, Wallace, Walls, Whiteley, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barry, Clarke,
Cook, Cotton, Darrall, Dickey, Daell, Goodrich, Ilal-
deman, Hanks, Harper, Hays. Hereford, Hooper,
Ketcharn, Lamport, McKeo. Morrick, Packer, Aaron
I'\ Perry, Poland, Randall, Rogers, Sheldon, Storm,
Dwight lownsend. Turner, Waldron, Wash burn,
and Winchester—SI.
So themotion was agreed to.
representation of tennessee.
Pending the announcement of the vote oil
the motion to adjourn,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the credentials of Thomas
H. Beeves, as liopresentative-at-large of the
State of Tennessee; and the same were referred
to.the Committee of Elections.
contested elections.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House additional papers
in the contested-election cases of McKenzie
vs. Braxton, seventh congressional district of
Virginia, and of Gooding vs. Wilson, fourth
congressional district of Indiana; and the
same were severally referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections.
withdrawal 01? papers.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the following cases,
namely: J. P. Gulick, Mrs. Susan Holtz, Peter
Brewer, and William West.
Mr. BU1LER., of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Andrew Rankin.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Simon Van Etten.
LEAVE OF ARSEXOJE.
Mr. PENDLETON", by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence until Monday.
The result of the vote on the motion to ad-
journ was then announced as above recorded ;
and thereupon (at two o'clock and thirty-five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.-
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. MeGREW: A petition of citizens of
Upshur and Randolph counties, West Virginia,
for the establishment of a post route from
Buckhanuon to Bealington.
By Mr. RITCHIE : The memorial of'George
P. Remsburg, of Frederick, Maryland, for
relief for loss of son's arm from firing of pro-
vost guard.
By Mr. STEVENSON: A petition of 47
citizens of Cleves, Ohio, praying for a law
granting bounties and land warrants to soldiers
of the late war.
IN SENATE,
Friday, March 17,1871.
Prayer by Rev. J. A. McCauley, of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the cre-
dentials of John W. Johnston, chosen by the
Legislature of the State of Virginia a Senator
from that State for the term commencing
March 4, 1871.
The credentials were read, and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered
to Mr. Johnston, he took his seat in the
Senate.
enrolled bill signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson. its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled bill (S. No. 179) to amend an act to
establish the Smithsonian Institution for the
increase and diffusion of knowledge among
men, approved August 10; 1846; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of James
Englesby, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of W.
B. Grover, of Durham, New Hampshire, pray-
ing to be allowed bounty and pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Eli B. Ste-
vens, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.'
Mr. FENTON presented the memorial of
Calvin Crowell, heir, and for the coheirs of
Sylvanus Crowell, deceased, of New York,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented the memorial of John
Disturnell, in behalf of his wife and other
heirs of J ohn Sinclair, deceased, praying indem-
nity for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. LEWIS presented the memorial of
Philip Catesby Jones, heir, and for the coheirs
of Catesby Jones of Virginia, praying to be
indemnified for spoliations committed by the
French, prior to the year 1801 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of
Jane Hatch, heir, and for the coheirs of Pro-
served Fish, late of the city of New York, de-
ceased, praying to be indemnified for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
Richard K. Kuhn, heir, and for the coheirs
of Peter Kuhn, deceased, praying to be indem-
nified for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of J. K.
Robinson, praying the allowance of bounty to
soldiers of the regular Army who served dur-
ing the late war and were enlisted prior to
1861; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of M. M.
Kimmel, of Cape Girardeau, Missouri, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee"
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of
widows of soldiers of the war of 1812 who
were married since the time stipulated in the
act of February 14, 1871, praying that all
widows of such soldiers may have the benefit
of that act as well as those mentioned there-
in ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He .also presented the petition of Mary
Bragdon, of Maine, praying the enactment of
a law abolishing the sixth section of the five
years' limitation act of July 27, 186S, so as to
enable her to obtain a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Caroline
Damon, of Maine, praying the enactment of
a law abolishing the sixth section of the five-
years limitation act of July 27, 1888, so as to
enable her to obtain a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the petition
of Washington Mat.thews, a surgeon, and
others, officers of the Army of the United
States, stationed at Fort Buford, Dakota Ter-
ritory, representing that their quarters there
have been destroyed by fire without any fault
of theirs and everything they had burned up
and destroyed, and praying for relief. I move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James Read and
others, in behalf of the Israel African Methodist
ihpiscopal church of Washington, praying compen-
sation for damages done their cliureh property by
reason of the grading of the Capitol grounds, bo
taken from the files ot the Senate and be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That R. II. Bryan, praying remuneration
for certain commissary stores taken by the United
States Army during the late rebellion, have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers from the files
of the Senate.
reports os committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 20) to authorize the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river at
Boonville, Missouri, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committtee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 20'J) to define a gross of matches, and for
other purposes, have instructed me to report
it back and recommend its passage. It is a
very simple matter, and I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to put it on its passage
now. It, is simply to prevent fraud.
The bill was read. It provides that all fric-
tion matches or lueifer matches, or other arti-
cles made in part of wood and used for like
purposes, or wax tapnrs, manufactured in any
State, District, or Territory the United
States, and sold or offered for sale therein,
shall be put up in packages or boxes, each
containing one hundred matches, or some mul-
tiple of one hundred, and each box" or pack-
age shall be distinctly marked with the number
contained therein. Whenever such matches
are sold or offered for sale within the territory
