1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
said court as may be necessary for their accommo-
dation, unless it shall appear to the Speaker that
fcuch rm mscannot be appropriated without interfer-
ing will the business of Congress; and inthatevent
the said court shall procure, in the city of Washing-
tnn, such rooms as may be necessary for the conven-
ient transaction of their business." (Act of Febru-
ary 24.1855,10 Statutes-at,-Large, 612.)
In compliance with this section, Hon. James h.
Orr. Speaker of the Howe of Representatives, on
the 2d of March, 1859. apnropriated for the use of the
court all the rooms on the floor on which the court
is now held. ,
I submit herewith a copy of thepaper m aking such
appropriation, the original being on file in the otnee
of the clerk of the court.
With the original is a plat of the rooms on said
floor, with each room numbered ; and the numbers,
as stated in Speaker Orr's paper, include all the
rooms on that floor.
In some way unknown to me, or to my brother
judges, several of the rooms thus appropriated to
the use of the court have come to be occupied by
committees of the Houseof Representatives.
If the court had no need of thorn, it would be a
pleasure to the judges to have them so occupied;
but I am requested to represent to you that so great
has become the increase of business in the court that
it needs very much the apartments which are 60
occupied by said committees; and regarding them
as lawfully belonging to the use of the court, I re-
spectful iy request, on behalf of the court, that you
make an ord^r requiring them to be vacated and
restored to the possession of the court.
Very rcspecttully, your obedient servant,
C. D. DRAKb,
Chief Justice Court of Claims.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
House of Representatives,
M<trch2,1859.
Pursuant to the tflnth section of an act to estab-
lish a court for the investigation of claims against
the United States, approved February 24, 1855, X
hereby appropriatofor the use of said court the here-
inafter-described rooms in the Capitol at Washing-
ton. that is to say, the rooms numbered 39, 40, 41, 42,
43, 44. 45, 46, 47. 48. 49. and5U, in the basement of the
western projection of the main building, according
fo the plan hereunto annexed, rooms 42and 44 not to
be occupied until it may suit ihe convenience of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings. 
JAMES L. ORR,
Speaker of the House of Representatives,
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that it would
be difficult just at this time, at the last hours
of' the session, to displace the committees, and
therefore I suggest that that letter be laid upon
the table and printed, for consideration at the
commencement of the next session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that it. be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings ami Grounds.
Mr. DAWES. Very well. I will move that
it be referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
l.EAVli TO PRINT.
Mr. POUTER. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed in the Globe some remarks
upon the subject of reconstruction in Virginia.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
committee to wait on the president.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to make a report from
the committee appointed to wait on the Presi-
dent. The committee have discharged that
duty, and are charged by the President with
the message to the House that he has no fur
ther business to communicate to the House
of Representatives.
RHiUOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and a bill to relieve certain citizens
of Mississippi therein named of their political
disabilities be passed.
Mr. DE LARGE. I desire to amend that
bill, and 1 object to its passage unless it cau
be amended.
Mr. COX. Suppose we put on the general
amnesty bill as an amendment.
Mr. fERCE. I ask for a vote on the motion
to suspend ihe rules.
The question was taken on Mr. Pekoe s
motion; and (two thirds not voting in lavor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
LAND DISTRICT IN NEVADA.
Mr. KENDALL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the bill which i hold in
my hand be passed. I appeal to the courtesy
and forbearance of the House. This is sim
ply a bill to create a new land district in my
State, and it will not occupy five minutes.
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. I desire permission
of the House to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman ; but if this bill is to he passed
it is necessary that it shall be done at once.
The Chair will state that the bill has been read
two or three times to the House, and it simply
provides for the establishment of a new land
district in the State of Nevada.
Mr. KENDALL. I willstatein oneword 
[Loud cries of "No!" "No!" " We will
pass it."]
The question was taken ; and (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof) the rules were suspended;
and the bill (H. R. No. 43G) to establish a
new land district in the State of Nevada was
passed.
personal explanation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I have been
alluded to by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Butler,] I rise to make a personal
explanation.
Mr. STEVENSON. How much time does
the gentleman want?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not over ten or fif-
teen minuies.
The SPEAKER. The time had better be
settled.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will not exceed
fifteen minutes, and probably not ten.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
land district in louisiana.
Mr. MOREY. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I will, with his permission, ask the House
to pass a bill, in a case similar to that of the
gentleman from Nevada, [Mr. Kendall,] with
this exception, that it is to provide for the
reopening of a land district, which was closed
by a mistake, and which the Secretary of the
Interior is anxious to have reopened, in order
to do justice to the citizens of Louisiana. The
office was closed through an error, and it
deprives the people of northern Louisiana of
an opportunity of entering their homesteads.
The bill authorizing the President of the
United States to reestablish the Monroe land
district in the State of Louisiana was read for
information. It anthorizes ihe President of
the United States, if in his judgment the pub-
lic interests would be subserved thereby, to
reestablish the Monroe land district in the
State of Louisiana with the same boundaries
that existed before the consolidation of said
land district with that at New Orleans.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
inquire if that land district has not been abol-
ished?
Mr. MOREY. No, sir; it was closed last
summer through an error. The Secretary ot
the Interior had prepared an executive order
reopening it when lie found that the law would
not cover the case.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and (two thirds voting in
favor thereof) the rules were suspended, and
the bill (EL II. No. 437) was passed.
personal explanation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I must decline to
yield further. Considering what, has parsed
between the metnberfrom Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] and myself heretofore, and consider-
ing that I have not recognized him for some
month's past, it is rather late in the day for
him to take on airs and make a parade of non-
intercourse with me. I trust that my age has
nothing to do with his non-intercourse with
me, as in the case of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis.]
The member alludes to a report made by the
Military Committee of this House of the last
Congress, charged with the investigation of
the affairs of the National Disabled Volunteer
Asylum. That investigation was set on foot
by myself last summer, but no action was taken
by the committee until after the adjournment
of Congress. Then a sub committee, consist-
ing of three gentlemen, who were charged with
the investigation, visited some of those asylums
under the conduct of the member from Massa-
chusetts and some of his friends, who took
possession of the committee and pointed out
what he saw fit to point out. In fact, that
member took control of the investigation.
This, by the way, was done after I had been
assured by the chairman of that committee
that I should be notified and have opportunity
to accompany them. It was done, however,
without any notice to me.
After the reassembling of Congress, at its last
session, 1 was applied to for the names of the
witnesses 1 desired to have called and exam-
ined. I gave to the chairman of the sub-com-
mittee the names of the persons I desired to
have examined. Some were subpenaed, and
some were not; and of those who were sub-
penaed some were notified by the member
from Massachusetts not to attend, and they
did not.
Such was the investigation, and any mem-
ber can find out what it was by reading the
testimony. The committee refused to call for
the books, checks, and bank accounts of the
member from Massachusetts after it was in
evidence, on his own oath, that he had min-
gled the moneys of the Government to the
amount of millions of dollars with his own
private funds, had deposited them in his own
name in his own banks, and had checked it
out for any purpose he saw fit. The commit-
tee refused to call for his books and accounts
upon the plea, most pathetically urged by
him, that it would interfere with his private
accounts. I remember that the member lrotn
Massachusetts was not always so particular
about the private papers and accounts and
even telegiaphic dispatches of individuals.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not yield.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me, Mr. Speaker; 1 rise to a question of order.
Is this a personal explanation, or an attack
upon one of the members from Massachusetts?
Is not this a rehash of the speech that was
printed ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not a point
of order.
The SPEAKER. A member who has the
floor for the purpose of making a personal
explanation can be divested of his occupancy
of the floor only by a point of order that the
Chair must sustain.
Mr. BUI'LER, of Massachusetts. This is
not a personal explanation, but an attempted
attack upon myself, not within the purview of
a personal explanation. He is not explaining
what he has done, but pretending to state what
I have done and what the committee have done.
The SPEAKER. The rules and practice
of the House have giv>*n great latitude to per-
sonal explanations. If the gentleman will sub-
mit a specific point of order, the Chair will
rule upon it , otherwise ho will not arrest the
gentleman from Illinois any more than he did
the gentleman Irom Massachusetts when b£
was addressing the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not propose to
go far into a particular examination of the
investigation, or to recapitulate the testimony
taken by the commit,tee. That is ail primed m
n document which I hold in my hand, and every
member can read it if ho will take ihe trouble.
i deny, however, that in my speech, to which
th© member from Massachusetts lias aliuUedj
I have read garbled extracts from that testi-
mony. 1 have not given all the tebtunony, lor
it would have made the speech tuo long. But
the testimony I h«.ve extracted is precisely as
it was given in every particular, with all thtf
context necessaiy for its explanation.
But the member complains thai I published
