840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
the speech after the close of the last session
of Congress. Why did I do so ? Because the
committee postponed making their report until
the last day of the session, when appropriation
bills and reports of committees ot conference
were pending, and it would have been folly
for any member to have risen on this floor and
attempted to speak upon it, as I and every
other gentleman here very well know. When
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Neg-
ley,] who had charge of the matter, made the
report, he was obliged to ask and obtain
unanimous consent to do so ; and at that very
time I stated here publicly, in his presence
and in the presence of the member from Mas-
sachusetts, that I did not object, as I had per-
mission to publish a review of the case.
As soon as the insertion of my speech in the
Globe could be obtained it appeared. I knew
very well that the member from Massachusetts
and myself would be members of the present
Congress and would appear here face to face
on the very next day, when he could, if he
chose, rise to a personal explanation and repel
the charges made by me in that speech. I
knew, too, that if I allowed the matter to pass
until that Congress had expired, I could not
at this session make a speech on the subject,
because it would not be germane to any mat-
ter before this Congress. My only resort, if I
desired to review the report at all, was to obtain
permission to print the speech, as I did.
The member from Massachusetts has had
six weeks and more to call the attention of the
House to that speech. If I used any unpar-
liamentary language, why did he not rise the
very next day after it appeared and call the
attention of the House to it and call me to
account? I challenge any member to point to
a single paragraph in that speech which is
unparliamentary. It is severe, and it is per-
sonal. It is personal, because that member
happens to be the president and treasurer of
the National Asylums ; and he has drawn more
than four and a half million dollars of Govern-
ment money from the Treasury, the use and
disbursement of which he has controlled. It is
personal, because that member has ever since
1860 had on an average from one hundred to
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars of Gov-
ernment money in his possession to do with it
as he pleased. It is personal, because from the
evidence it appears that he speculated upon
this money of the Government; that under
pretense of furnishing homes for the poor,
wounded, crippled soldiers of the country who
had periled their lives and lost their limbs in
defense of the integrity of this Union—under
this pretense, and making a parade of his char-
ity, lie has been gorging himself and speculat-
ing with this money.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is,
I suppose, entirely within the rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I speak of the treas-
urer of the asylums.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will make a point of order, the
Chair will rule upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
made the point that an attack upon me is not
within the leave granted by the House for a
personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House is
very plain that—■
"If any member, in sneakiest or otherwise, trans-
gress tho rules of tho House, the Speaker shall, or
any member may, call to order; in whichcase, the
member so exiled to order shall immediately sit
down, unless permitted to explain ; and the llou^e
bhail, if appealed to, dccide on the case, but without
debute. If there be no appeal, the decision of tho
Chair shall be submitted to. If tho decision bo in
favor ot the member called to order, ho shall be at
liberty to proceed; if otherwise, he shall not be per-
mitted to proceed, in ea&e any member object, with-
out leave of the House."
The Chair understands the gentleman from
Massachusetts to maintain that the language
of the gentleman from Illinois is not parlia-
mentary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That a
personal attack is not within the leave granted
for a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts state the words to which he
objects? The rule requires it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
say pretty much all of them. [Laughter.]
But when I am told that I have gorged myself
with public money, I should suppose that my
point did not require explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts submits that the words he has spe-
cified are not parliamentary. The gentleman
from Illinois, referring by evasion, as the Chair
understands, to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, speaks of the " treasurer of the asylums.''
That officer is known to be identical with the
gentleman from Massachusetts. The Chair
rules that the language used transgresses the
rules of the House; and the Chair understands
the gentleman from Massachusetts to object to
the gentleman from Illinois proceeding.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Except
in order.
The SPEAKER. The question must be
submitted to the House. Shall the gentle-
man 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I be allowed
to suggest that the member from Massachu-
setts alluded to my speech, and I was only
recounting my speech to show that it was not
un parliamentary ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a doubt but the language of the gentle-
man from Illinois was unparliamentary, and
the Chair, without hesitation, so rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
was not a parliamentary word in it. That is
the way to put it.
The SPEAKER. As many as are in favor
of allowingthe gentleman from Illinois to pro-
ceed will say "ay," and those of contrary
opinion, "no." The"ayes" have it, and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Far.2TSTT0BTh]
will proceed^
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In order.
The SPEAKER. In order, of course.
Mr. BANKS. It is not proper for a member
of the House who has unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation to make crim-
inal charges against a member of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entirely agrees
with the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I also agree with
the gentleman from Massachusetts. [Laugh-
ter.] Mr. Speaker, I am alluding to a speech
which will be found in the Globe. 1 will
state further that if members will take occa-
sion to read that speech, or the testimony to
which I have referred, they wiil see that what
I say is true to the letter. It appears from
the testimony that the member from Massa-
chusetts himself', as stated and sworn to by
him, in 18C3 or 1864, when stationed at Fort-
ress Monroe, Secretary of War Stanton re-
quested him to obtain title to a piece of prop-
erty there for the Government, and that he
invested $12,000 in it in pursuance of that
request; that on settling his accounts the Sec-
retary of War refused to allow him credit for it.
He advanced this $12,000 himself for the
Government. That was his first purchase.
Subsequently he procured the entire title to
this property. From the testimony taken here,
if he did advance $12,000 for the Government
when he was an officer of the Government, be
has paid in all about thirty two thousand dol-
lars for the property. Whether he did advance
tho $12,000 for tho Government when he was
an officer I leave it to the House to determine.
I believe it is that member's boast that what-
ever his neighbors and friends have pronounced
in regard to his honesty, they have never yet
called him a fool. [Laughter.]
It appears, Mr. Speaker, from the testimony
taken afterward, that in March last the board,
of managers went down and examined this
property. Somebody had suggested it to them
for a soldiers' home. On the 10th of May fol-
lowing the member wrote a letter to his brother-
in-law, Mr. Hildreth, stating that he wished to
borrow money and proposing to give this prop-
erty to him as security, and aiterward made
a deed of it to Hildreth. The member from
Massachusetts swore that at the time he deeded
the property over to his brother-in-law he had
no idea of selling it to the board of managers
for a soldiers' home at all; yet the members of
the board sent down there two months before
from the city of Washington, with his own
clerks, went there for the very purpose of
examining this property, and at that time de-
termined to buy it. Mr. Hildreth swears that
he did receive a deed from this member, after
the adjournment of Congress last summer, but
that he had nothing to do with the sale of it.
The member from Massachusetts swears that
$50,000 were paid to his brother-in-law, Mr.
Hildreth—every dollar of it. I have the re-
port of the evidence in my hand. His brother-
m-law swears that it was not paid to him; and
so it is all through the testimony; one swearing
one way and the other another way.
Mr. Speaker, I am now speaking of the pres-
ident and treasurer of the Soldiers' Asylum,
and I will say that I am glad the member has
called the attention of the House and the coun-
try to this matter. I wish he had done it ear-
lier. I am glad he has advertised my speech,
as he can advertise more widely than I can.
I say now that if I had the treasurer of the
Soldiers' Asylum before any fair traverse jury
in the United States, on this testimony I could
convict him of embezzlement and perjury.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
Mr. BECK. I think I ought to be allowed
to say a word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] in
a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will not
detain the House long. I hold in my hand a
report of the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House, composed of Democrats and Re-
publicans. I only desire to read the closing
paragraphs as an answer to all the advertised
calumnies that have been or may be brought
against me anywhere. The committee heard
all the evidence, and, having dealt with the
case, this is their conclusion:
"The committee have taken the testimony of sev-
eral witnesses, which is appended to this report, and
from their manifest readiness to tostify it must bo
inferred that there were no facts of any importance
in connection with the management of the asylum
withheld or concealed by them.
"The committee are convinced by the investiga-
tion they have made that the funds of the National
purposes-intended 1 _
tution, and that tile general manageuientot tlie sev-
eral branches of theasylum established by the board
has been, as far as they have been able to learn, effi-
cient and economical. Tee committee have also
come to the conclusion that the treasurer having
accounted tor all funds of' theasylum which ever
came into his hands, by correct entries and proper
vouchers, is entirely to be exonerated iroin any
charge or suspicion of misappropriation, neglect, or
any other misconduct m the discharge of his duties;
and therefore, having no legislation to recommend
to the House upon ttie subject, they ask that they
may be discharged Irom the further consideration
of the same.
Therefore, I brand as false and calumnious
under the finding of that report everything
that shall be said against the president and
treasurer of the National Asylum. And it is
for the committee of this House, one member
of which I see here before me, and two were
here, to say whether, after having heard all
this testimony which is alleged here proves
perjury, proves wrongs, proves embezzlement,
it is not for that committee to declare whether
they have been corrupted by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. They must vindicate
their own honor; I have not their honor in
charge. Their report is a shield lor me against
the attack of any man. I have no word of
characterization for that attack, made under
the guise, under the false pretense of a per-
sonal explanation ; gentlemen will judge ot it.
One word more. There are twelve or fifteen
