xu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 17,
to report it back without amendment; and I
ask that it be taken up and passed.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
Mr. NYE. I inquire of the Senator from
Illinois what that is ?
Mr. LOGAN. It is the bill which was up
the other da}' to pay some militia companies
mustered into the service of the United States
for their services during the war. It has been
passed before, and was referred to the com-
mittee the other day merely in order that the
committee might examine and report. Now
they report in favor of it again.
Mr. CORBETT. Is there a written report
with the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT^ There is not
a written report accompanying it. It was
debated at length two days ago.
The bill was reported to tlie Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MOUSE MONUMENT.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iaskconsent
to move that the joint resolution (H. R. No.
31) which was amended and changed to an act,
for the purpose of authorizing a statue of Pro-
fessor Morse to be erected at the intersection
of Seventh street and Pennsylvania avenue,
which was sent back to the House with that
amendment, be returned from the House of
Representatives, in order that we may concur
in it. I find that the House present insuper-
able difficulties against the change. Although
they agree with the action of the Senate gen-
erally, they have not yet adopted the rule, but
propose to do so at the earliest moment, and
in this case it is so unimportant that I move
that the resolution be sent for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is any difficulty
about it, I have no objection. I thought we
bad better begin the Congress with the right
practice. I hope the House will adopt the
rule making everything an act.
The VICE PRKSIDENT. The Chair has
already consulted informally the Speaker of
the House and apprised him of the usage of
the Senate, and the Speaker stated that he
would apprise the House of it, and probably
this difficulty will be obviated hereafter. The
Senator from Vermont moves that the House
of Representatives be requested to return the
joint resolution which was amended by the
Senate and changed to a bill in regard to
placing a statue of Professor Morse 011 the
intersection of Seventh street and Pennsyl-
vania avenue, that the Senate may recede
from its amendment. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is so ordered.
wr.ts INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and byunanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 247)
to reinstate without pay officers of the Army
who were mustered out of the service under
the provisions of the act of Congress approved
.!uly 15, 1870 ; which was read twice by its
title,_ referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr.IRUMBUliL. I ask consent to intro-
duce a bill which has been handed me with a
request that I should introduce it. I am not
prepared to approve the bill, and T do not
know whether 1 shall be for it or not. I wish
to introduce it for the purpose of reference.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 218) to provide for
the admission of certain evidence; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
249) granting a pension to Lieutenant W. II.
Parker; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee 011 Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
250) to remove political disabilities; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 251) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company as hereafter constructed a
post road, and for other purposes," approved
March 2, 1868; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 252) to readjust the claims of Virginia for
advances to the United States in the war of
1812; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
seut obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
253) to promote the collection of internal rev-
enue ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
JOHN L. ITICKMAN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution; which was referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate :
lioaolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay out
of the contingent fund of tho Senate to JohnL. Hick-
man seventy cents per day additional, so as to make
his compensation two dollars per day during the
Forty-i'lrst Congress.
JOINT COMMITTEE OS RliTMJNCIIMENT.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, (tlie House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That a joint select Committee on lietrench-
ment, consisting of four members of the Senate and
seven members of the House, bo appointed by the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses, with the same
powers and duties as were conferred upon the select
Committoe on Retrenchment of the Thirty-Ninth,
Fortieth, and J'orty-First Congresses, and to which
all matters yet remaining undisposed of which were
referred to tho Committee on Retrenchment of the
J?orty-Mrst Congress shall bo referred.
Mr. STEWART. I think that resolution
had better lie over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN DISORDERS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a concurrent res-
olution, and I wish to state that this concurrent
resolution covers the same ground as a resolu-
tion which passed the House of Representa-
tives for investigating into the alleged disor-
ders in the southern States. An investigation
has been orderd by tho House of Representa-
tives, I suppose it is not improper for me to
state, as everybody knows it; and this is a
concurrent resolution proposing that the Sen-
ate shall be represented upon that committee;
and it will enable us to dispense, I suppose,
with the committee we already have 011 that
subject. The only difference between this and
the resolution that has been adopted by the
House of Representatives, and the committee
that has now been appointed in the Senate, is
to "provide that there shall be one investigation
in which both Houses shall participate, and of
course the Senators upon both sides of tho ;
Chamber will be represented upon the com- j
mittee. If there be no objection I should like \
to have it read, and I think it would facilitate '
business if it were put on its passage. 1
Tho Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol- j
lows: |
ReiolvedbyiheSeixateof the UnitcflSta'w,(lhe House I
of Represent!)lives concurring.) That a joint com- j
mittee consisting of live Senators and seven R,epre- !
sentatives be appointed, whose duty it shall be to I
inquire into the condition of the late insurrectionary \
states so far as regards the execution of tho laws i
a!.'d the safety of ine lives and property of citizens [
ot the United btates, with leave to report nt any |
time trie result of their investigation to the two
Houses ot Congress with such recommendations as !
they may deem expedient; that said committee ho
authorized to employ clerks and stenographers, to
sit during the recess, to send for persons and papers,
to take testimony, and to visit at their discretion,
through sub-committees, any portion of the said
States during tho recess of Congress, and to print
and make public from time to time during the recess
the results of their investigations; and the expenses
of said committee shall be paid out of the contingent
funds of the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would suggest that,
upon reflection, it seems to me that committee
had better be seven on the part of the Senate
and nine on the part of the House, and I say
seven on the part of the Senate because we
now have a committee of seven, and I think it
would be better to continue those same gentle-
men. I suggest it, and perhaps the Senator
from Rhode Island will agree to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not see any objec-
tion if Senators around me do not.
Mr. MORTON. It had better be amended
in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that modification
will bo made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
has been so modified.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this resolution at all, whatever my notions
may be as to the necessity for it, if a majority
of the Senate are of the opinion that the in-
vestigation is necessary. I am the last man to
oppose an investigation where any considerable
number of the Senate, even less than a majority,
think it necessary. Butthere is one feature of
the resolution to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the mover and of the Senate. It is
admitted on all hands that in the appointment
of such a committee as this both parties should
be represented upon it. Such an investigation
where both parties are represented on the com-
mittee is more satisfactory to the country and
more satisfactory to this body. But if you
authorize them, to send sub-committees, a sub-
committee of one, to any part of the country,
there may be just as many sub-committees as
there are members of the joint committee; and
then the whole advantage, whatever it may be,
of having members of both parties represented
011 the committee, is lost. I do not think that
is a very fair wayofconductingsuchan invest-
igation.
*Mr. STEWART. There ought to be mem-
bers of both parties on the sub-committees.
Mr. THURMAN. If it can be so arranged
that that may be the case I have not a word
to object.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same consideration
which would induce you, Mr. President, to
place Senators of both parties on the commit-
tee would certainly induce the committee to
give a fair representation of both parties 011
any sub committee. I should myself be very
little satisfied with any investigation which
was not subjected to the examination of both
parties, and I think every Senator would be.
I do not believe that such a committee will be
appointed as would take any partisan advan-
tage of the power to make sub-committees;
and yet at the same time there must bo sub-
committees, if we intend to have a thorough
investigation. I do not see how the difficulty
that the Senator from Ohio apprehends can
be obviated except by au appeal to the fair-
ness and good sense of the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not propose to go
into the history of these roving commissions
over the southern States. If I were to do so
I think I could show to the Senate that this
power to appoint sub-committees has been
abused in election cases, even in cases where
the rights of persons to seats in Congress have
been under investigation. But I cannot speak
of what took place in the other House.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to suggest  
Mr. THURMAN. I would rather the Sen-
ator should wait a moment till I make my sug-
gestion. If the Senator from Rhode Island
