1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
will insert after the word " sub-committee" the
words "every sub-committee shall consist of
one or moie members of each political party,"
or some words of that kind—I am sure my
friend can find words which will express that
idea, that there shall be on every sub-committee
at least one member of each party—I shall be
content.
. Mr. SCOTT. The suggestion that I rose to
make to my friend from Ohio was simply this:
that in the committee which was constituted
in the Senate at the last session the same ques-
tion arose, and an order was made by that
committee, as is apparent on its journal, that
two members at least should constitute a quo-
rum to take testimony; but in practice 110
testimony was ever taken unless one member
of the minority party was present. That was
the practice in that committee; and of course
without the authority to speak for the com-
mittee that may be appointed under this reso-
lution, I have no doubt that such would be its
practice in the appointment of sub-committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator
from Ohio has accomplished his object by call-
ing attention to this matter. Certainly nobody
wants to obtain testimony that is not correct
and truthful; and after the expression upon
both sides of the Chamber, and after what has
been said by the chairman of our present com-
mittee, that both parties are always represented
when testimony is taken, I think it may well be
left to the committee which shall be appointed
to organize their sub-committees ; and it can-
n ot be questioned that they would organize them
upon the same considerations that induced the
Senate to organize the committee itself, with
members upon it of both political parties.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no doubt that if
the same committee which was appointed at
the last session with my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] at its head shall make
these investigations, be will see that the same
justice is done in making them to which he
has referred in the investigations already made.
I do not know but that the suggestion of the
Senator from Illinois is sufficient, that the at-
tention of the Senate being called to this mat-
ter fairness will prevail. If there is an honor-
able understanding on all sides of the Senate
that that shall be the case it will be quite as
binding as anything which could be put in the
resolution; for 1 am quite sure that the Sen-
ators who are parties to such an understanding
and who would be on the committee would
see that it was fairly carried out.
When I said that I wished one of each party
to be on every one of these sub-committees, I
desire it to be distinctly understood that I did
not mean to say that this is or ought to be a
party question. I do not mean to say that
any party in this country has any more interest
than another in discovering exactly the truth
in regard to these matters, or in exercising
whatever powers belong to the General Gov-
ernment to secure obedience to the laws. I
entirely protest against any idea that one party
in this country has any more interest than
another" in any such matter; and it was only
because it is known to everybody that these
matters have assumed, in some quarters at
least, the appearance of party—they have not
been debated in the open Senate at all; whether
they have been debated elsewhere, I do not
know—it was only for that reason that I wished
that in these sub-committees fairness might
take place ; so that no attempt should be made
to pervert an investigation that ought to be
solely in the interest of the whole country and
all the people of the country, into an investi-
gation having for its object the advantage of
this party or of that party. Upon the sugges-
tions which have been made, that such a course
will be pursued as that which I have indicated,
that it is the proper course, and that, there-
fore, Senators will, in honor, feel themselves
bound to see that it is pursued, I am perfectly
willing to withdraw auy suggestion that the
resolution be amended.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree entirely with
all that the Senator from Ohio has said, and I
rise to make one suggestion. There should
not be in the resolution—that I know is not
proposed at this moment—nor should there rest
iu the understanding of the Senate any agree-
ment which would lead to a condition of things
like this. I think every sub-committee should
consist of three; I think no sub-committee
should consist of one, or even two; but no
condition of things should be brought about by
which, if a sub-committee were appointed, con-
sisting of one Senator from the Democratic
side, and two from the other side of the Cham-
ber, and the Democratic member of the com-
mittee should be unable or unwilling to go at
the time upon the investigation, the whole
thing should be frustrated. I have no idea
that any such thing as that would happen, but
I make the suggestion now to the end that it
may not be supposed that anybody enters into
an arrangement which would put it in the
power of any single member of a committee
on either side to frustrate the investigation by
saying that it was inconvenient for him to go.
Mr. THURMAN. I can assure my friend
from New York that if you will give us enough
members on that committee to attend all the
sub-committees that are appointed, our mem-
bers will be in attendance.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the concurrent resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
KAJCCIIO DEL ItIO GRAND!!.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 254) to confirm the title to the rancho del
Rio Grande, in New Mexico, to the heirs and
legal representatives of the original grantees
thereof; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill. I will state to the Sen-
ate that this bill passed both Houses at the last
session, but it did not receive the signature of
the President, owing, I believe, to the pressure
of business on him, it beinga private bill. It
was examined very fully in the Committee on
Private Land Claims, and there is a report here
by the late Senator from Oregon, (Mr. Wil-
liams.) I concurred in the report at that time.
Since then the parties interested in this bill
have asked that it pass the Senate at the
present session, and the Committee on Private
Land Claims are unanimous in recommending
it. I would merely state to the Senate that the
btll has been thoroughly considered by two
Congresses, and I know no reason why it should
not be passed as it now stands. 1 therefore
ask for its present consideration.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. Its preamble
recites that on the 4th day of February, 1795,
the Government of Spain granted a certain tract
of land situated in what is now the Territory
of New Mexico, and known as the rancho del
Rio Grande, to Jose Mirabel, Antonio Fernan-
dez, Conception Romero, Bentura Romero,
Julian Romero, Mariano Romero, Antonio
Fresqui, Jose Antonio Gonzales, and Maria
Romero and Catarina Romero, in common;
that the title so granted was on the 20th day
of April, 1837, affirmed and recognized by the
legally constituted authorities of the Govern-
ment of Mexico, to whom the Territory of New
Mexico then belonged ; and that in the treaty
between that Government and the United
States, by which the Territory was cedcd to the
latter, the United States stipulated to guar-
anty to the inhabitants of the Territory the
property held by them under the laws of their
former Government. The bill therefore pro-
poses on the part of the United States to quit-
claim and confirm the title of the heirs and
legal representatives of the parties named in
the preamble to the tract known as the rancho
del llio Grande, in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, bounded as follows: on the south by the
ridge of Bear mountain; on the west by the
Canada or valley of Miranda, and the road
described in their original grant as leading to
Pueblo Picoris; on the east by the ridge of the
mountain of the river Dou Fernando; and on
the north by the boundaries of Don Manuel
Montes Vigil, to hold the same to them and
their heirs and assigns under and according to
the terms of their original grant from the Gov-
ernment of Spain. The Secretary of the Inte -
rior is t,o direct the surveyor general of New
Mexico to ascertain and fix, by actual survey,
the boundaries of the tract of land as thus
described, as soon as practicable; and upon
such survey being returned to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office a patent for
the tract is to be issued, in conformity to the
provisions of the act, to the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of the parties named. Nothing in
the act is to be construed to affect the rights of
bona fide actual settlers upon the land under
the laws of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
considering this bill; but I want it explained.
I see that it starts out with not only quit-claim-
ing, but confirming a perfected title, and then
it provides that the tract shall be surveyed.
The title, in the first place, is to be made per-
fect as claimed, and finally the patent is to be
issued according to a survey. There are a good
many things which I want explained about it.
I never heard of it before ; but if the Senate
desire to go on with it now, I will not object
to its present consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no particular desire
to have the Senate go on with it, except the
fact that here are about three thousand people,
the descendants and legal representatives of
the parties named who were the grantees of
the Spanish Government. They have held this
land since 1795. The amount of land com-
prised in all this is less than the Mexican col-
onization laws allowed to a single colonist.
Mr. STEWART. How much laud is it?
Mr. BAYARD. It is less than eleven thou-
sand acres, occupied now by some three thou-
sand people. It is a matter of quiet to their
title. It is a recognition to which they are
entitled. It is a subject that passed under the
careful consideration of Mr. Williams, the late
Senator from Oregon ; the bill was reported to
the Senate and was passed by both Houses of
Congress at the last session, and it did not
receive the signature of the President simply
owing to the fact, that it was a private bill and
was overlooked.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the Senator
to say there are only eleven thousand acres and
three thousand settlers.
Mr. BAYARD. Actual residents upon the
soil.
Mr. POMEROY. Have they not the rights
of preemptors? Are they not citizens?
Mr. BAYARD. I apprehend theyhave some-
thing rather better in that respect; they are in
possession ; and this bill expressly saves the
rights of actual settlers.
Mr. POMEROY. In the first place it patents
the tract to these Mexicans, and then it says
that the rights of preemptors  
Mr. BAYARD. These are purchasers under
the Mexican title.
Mr. POMEROY. Are they all purchasers
under the Mexican title ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir, as I understand.
Mr. POMEROY. Three thousand pur-
chasers under the Mexican title !
Mr. BAYARD. We call them " pur-
chasers" in law. The honorable Senator
probably understands the legal phrase. A
purchaser in law does not mean necessarily
one who buys. If a man obtains land other-
wise than by descent he is called a purchaser
in law.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill has not been to
the committee that I am connected with, but I
suppose somebody understands it. I do not
understand it, I confess. If the Committee ,
on Private Land Claims as now organized have
examined this bill and will say m the Senate
