1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
members of this House whom, after the speech
of the gentleman from Illinois came out, and
after I learned that it had come out, I took
on to the ground at Fortress Monroe to show
them the property which, when I sold it to the
National Asylum, I believed I gave to the dis-
abled soldiers twenty or twenty-five thousand
dollars on the judgment of every man who
ever saw it who was a gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The member from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] swore on the
investigation that he did not sell it, but that
his brother-in-law sold it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh,
pshaw I That is one of the cheats of the thing
called an explanation; that is one of the
cheats of the statement. It was put into the
hands of my brother-in-law as security for
money. I owned the residuary interest.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The brother-in-law
swears not, though it was no doubt one of the
cheats, as the member says.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 cannot
have any further controversy with that man
whom I would not believe under oath. [Here
the Speaker rapped to order.] And, sir, it
will be seen that the residuary interest after
$38,000 was in me up to $50,000, for which it
was sold, and the late Secretary of War, Gen-
eral Schofield, had offered $64,000 for the same
property. It is in evidence that $40,000 were
paid by me for it besides interest. That is the
evidence of the witnesses called by the pros-
ecutor. And who were some of the witnesses-
brought here by him, except my own friends?
One was a runaway deserter from the Marine
corps, whom I was trying to find to get a ball
and chain around his leg; the other was a Bal-
timore man, who was once promoted by me
for supposed gallant conduct, and has since
gone down, down, lower, lower, until he has
reached the depths of being a witness for the
member from Illinois, [Mr. Fatiwsworth. ]
Now I have got through with this matter,
and I wish merely to say again that I will not
be dragged into further controversy. Here is
the evidence. What is the use of a committee
of investigation? What advantage does this
House give to one of its members when it has
ordered his conduct to be investigated by its
committee, whereiugentlemen on both sides of
the House, in a unanimous and solemn report,
exonerate him from all blame? Why, that very
exoneration is made the foundation of fresh
charges and fresh calumnies direct from hell.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BECK. I desire to be heard for a few
moments in behalf of the Senator from Ken-
tucky who has been so foully denounced on
this floor.
Mr. HOAR. I desire that the time shall be
agreed upon before the gentleman proceeds.
Mr. BECK. Five minutes is all I desire.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks five minutes to make a personal
explanation. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. BECK. That Senator and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] had a
controversy on the floor of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh! no,
oh I no. ohl no; I bad no controversy.
Mr. BECK. I would call it a controversy ;
the gentleman may not. The Senator from
mv State denounced him as a ■' damned
scoundrel" on the floor of the Senate. We
would call that a controversy in Kentucky,
[laughter ;] it would certainly produce one.
The gentleman may not call it a controversy,
but that is the way 1 understood it. They had
a quarrel, if he prefers it, upon the floor of the
Senate. It ought to have, ended there, and
would have ended there, so far at least as Con-
gtess is concerned, but for the fact that the
gentleman from Massachusetts saw fit to come
upon the floor of this House a day or two after-
ward and use this language in regard to that
Senator:
"Do the KuKlux banditti exist in Kentucky, that
dark and bloody ground, where the savage and
brutal passions of m en ne ver yet have found restraint
either by time, place, or circumstance, civilization
or education, so that neither the palsy of years can
control them, gray hair soften them, the solemnity
of place or occasion curb thora, insomuch that thoir
untaught and untamed outbursts may break forth
even in the Senate Chamber of the United States,
tlieir impotent rage exhibiting itself with tbewhwi-
ing and piping voice of an imbecile and unhonored
old age?"
That language was used on the floor of this
House before the Senator from Kentucky
opened his mouth relative to what I call the
original controversy. Then it was that the
Senator from Kentucky, in his place, uttered
what has been read "by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, as follows:
"I have given the language, the words, between
General Butlkk and myself, and all of thom. Itwas
not my intention to bring before the Senate any con-
troversy with the universally recognized blackguard,
coward, and scoundrel of the United States, who
himself does not dissent from the general judgment
against him."
It was very severe; itwas intended to be;
but it was said because of what the gentleman
from Massachusetts had said here, after the
Senator from Kentucky denounced him on the
floor of the Senate in the terms he has stated.
It was the duty of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, if he intended to carry on the con-
troversy any longer before Congress in a war
of words, to come on the floor of the House
and make his explanation at once, and then
the Senator would have had a chance to reply
or to take any course he saw fit. But instead
of doing so he held it back until last Tuesday,
the day when we believed we would adjourn,
having printed his remarks and sent the slips
to the Boston papers, to the New York Herald,
and other papers, to be published on a tele-
gram from him. lie intended to make this
assault on my Senator when he knew that Sen-
ator would never see it in print during this
session of Congress, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts would have left the city before
Senator Davis would have had a chance to
answer it in any form. Therefore it was that I
objected to the gentleman's making a personal
explanation on this subject; it had been held
back too long. I persisted in objecting, and the
Kentucky delegation objected, not because we
did not want the gentleman to have a chance
of explaining anything merely personal to him-
self, but because the attack on our Senator
had been withheld by the gentleman until the
Senator could not reply, when he had known
all about the speech of the Senator for a week
before.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
a word right there.
Mr. BECK. I have not time, as the gentle-
man very well sues. I am not going to say
anything personal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have not !
the slightest fear of that. I was only going to '
ask the gentleman if the reason was not given ;
by him, when he objected, that he would not '
let me speak so long as the indictment against
his State remained?
Mr. BECK. I did; and that was part of
the reason. The indictments against the State
and the Senator were coupled in the same sen-
tence, the one I read and others. If I had had
an opportunity to reply to that indictment, as
I called it, I would have replied in a way, I
hope worthy of the State, but I have never
had that opportunity, and I have not time to
do it now. I will seek occasion to do it here-
after; but when I to-day asked him the ques-
tion whether he would assault the Senator
from Kentucky, in the remarks he proposed
to make, he said he would not, and Democrat
after Democrat voted to give him the privilege
of making his explanation because he had made
that statement. I did not believe what he said,
and I voted against giving him the privilege.
[Laughter.]
He had a right to thank those Democrats
who believed him instead of believing the Ken-
tucky delegation, for giving him the privilege
he has abused. Whether my Senator will thank !,
them or not I do not know. But I have this
to say, that when the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts rises here and announces, as he has,
that the Senator from Kentucky has been
guilty of falsehood, I deny it, I hurl back the
charge as uutrue, and assert that the character
of that Senator is as good as that of any man
upon eauh; he never did willfully tell a lie,
and nobody before ever accused him of it.
When the gentleman says that he is shielded
by his age and is not responsible, I have this
to say, that the Senator is neither a bully nor
a blackguard, and that the gentleman can get
from him any redress that he sees fit anywhere
outside of these Halls. I know that. There-
fore, it was not necessary for him to come here
and say anything because of the Senator's age
or freedom from responsibility outside of Con-
gress. No; I do not thiuk it lies in the mouth
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] to be talking about my Senator being
shielded by his age, and of his own inability
to obtain proper redress. Sir, he knows very
well that 1 have witnessed scenes that satisfy
mo that he would not call for thes, redress he
intimates that my Senator would not accord
to him.
lie cannot forget that I have seen the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Faensvouth,] in
the presence of fifteen members of this House,
put his fist in the face of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] and denounce
him in every way that a man could, until I
had to say to other members of the committee
standing by that 1 did not, think there was one
white man in the country who would take that
from another, and that half of the decent
negroes in my State would not stand it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I did
not; he is not a white man.
Mr. BECK. I thought the gentleman from
Illinois was a white man ; perhaps he was not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Perhaps itwas on
account of his extreme age!
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. ELDltlDGE. Would not now be a
good time to call in the Chaplain?
Mr. STOUGHTON. I deem it due to the
Military Committee of the last House to say a
few words in answer to the statements made
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fakns-
worth] in reference to the report upon the
management of the National Asylum fund.
With the merits of the controversy between
the gentleman from Illinois and the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Botler] I have
nothing to do. But I desire to say this: that
the Committee on Military Affairs fairly, hon-
estly, and patiently examined all the evidence
that was laid before them, and thattheirconclu-
sion is fully supported by the proofs. I will
add that the vouchers of the gentleman from
Massachusetts in relation to the management
of the affairs of the National Volunteers'
Asylum were submitted to the chairman of
the sub-committee, and showed conclusively
that General Butler had fairly and honestly
applied all the money he had ever received from
the Treasury of the United States for the pur-
poses contemplated by the act of Congress. I
have before me the certificate of General Neo-
ley and Mr. Packard, members ot the com-
mittee, that such was the fact.
The following is a copy of the certificate:
Milwaukee, "Wisconsin, October 2%, 1870.
The account contained in the foregoing Pages, iiorn
2 to 19, inclusive, (printed report, appendix h.) were
examined by us, members ot the Military Cummit-
tecot the House ot ltcpreseniatives, charged by res-
olution with tno investigation, and the items of the
creditside of t.hn account were compared with a cer-
tificate from F. JJ. Spinner, Treasurer of the 1) mted
States, of all the moneys which stood charged on the
books of the treasurer of the Nation il A-ylum, and
found to be correct. The debtor side ol itio account
was found to be properly vouched m eacb item.
JAMES 8. JJ liltjljI'j5eT,
Oliinrmoii <>l ('omr l!tec,
JASPER PACKAtil).
One word further. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has alleged that we did nc,t compel Gen-
