1.871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
claimant, and it should be considered by itself.
For that reason I object to it. I want time to
examine it.
Mr. COLE. This claim has been before
Congress for some time, was before the Com-
mittee on Claims, and I believe reported by
them favorably. It is based in part, I believe
about one half of the amount, upon vouchers
which were then procured, and which probably
the beneficiary now has. The law as it now
stands on the statute-book allows the payment
to her upon vouchers to be furnished. The
statement, I believe, made by my colleague
on the committee is that as the service was
rendered a long time ago, or rather the dis-
bursements made a long time ago, while Mr.
Walker was Governor of the Territory of
Kansas, the vouchers in great proportion have
been lost or destroyed. Under the law as it
now stands, however, Mrs. Walker can be
paid, I think, about half the amount. I do .not
recollect very distinctly how much, but she
has vouchers for a portion of it. I think it
was reported favorably by the Committee on
Claims. The chairman of that committee is
not present, and I cannot appeal to him. I
have no doubt myself as to the justice of the
claim, so far, at all events, as vouchers can be
furnished. The distinguished person whose
widow now presents the claim had too much
modesty in his lifetime to present any claim
against the Government, and he refused persist-
ently to do it, though he was in very strait-
ened circumstances. I can only say that I
believe the claim can be substantiated fully,
a very large proportion of it; and it is in refer-
ence to the balance that this amendment of
my colleague on the committee is introduced.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I shall not say
a word against the argument of the Senator
from California; but it seems strange to me
that there should have been any delicacy about
making this claim, if it was a just one. I will
only say that all that the Senator has said con-
vinces me still more that this claim ought to
take the regular course. If there be anything
' due to Robert J. Walker's estate, I shall very
gladly vote for paying it after I am convinced
of it. I would a great deal rather make a
present to his family than to do them injustice.
But we have other claims before us—I have a
number of cases in my hands—which we can-
not get the Senate to act upon; and I am un-
willing that this favorite claim should be'
brought forward out of the regular way and
forced upon the Senate at an irregular and
improper time. I move, therefore, that the
amendment lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania moves that this amendment do
lie upon the table.
Mr. COLE. I rise for the purpose of mak-
ing an inquiry. Does the rule relating to lay-
ing amendments on the table extend to amend-
ments at this session, or did it apply only to
the last session?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a perma-
nent rule of the Senate until repealed. It was
not limited to the last session by its terms.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question on
the motion to lay on the table, and declared
that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas 'and
nays. I should like to know who is willing to
pay $13,000 without authority in this way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, as we are going
to vote by yeas and nays, I do not sufficiently
understand this matter, and I should like to
know ft";m some one if this is money that is
due for salary that has never been paid.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is for an expendi-
ture of money made by Governor Walker while
iu Kansas during the troubles there.
, Mr. TRUMBULL. Was it made without
authority of law ? Why has not the claim been
paid if the money was expended in pursuance
of law ?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Because, as stated by my
colleague on the committee, Mr. Walker did
not during his life press his claim for pay-
ment. The Committee on Appropriations have
had the claim under consideration and have
reported favorably upon it, and at the last ses-
sion this amount was appropriated and stands
now as the law ; but all the vouchers for the
claim cannot beobtained, and for that reason
Mrs. Walker desires that the full amount which
the committee ascertained was due should be
paid her. This is in lieu of an appropriation
heretofore made. The law upon that subject
is clear.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to ask the Senator
whether the committee had the items of this
expenditure?
Mr. SPRAGUE. We had the items and the
certificates, which seemed to the committee to
be ample at the time.
Mr. POMEROY. I know of Governor
Walker being in Kansas, and I know of his
doing a good deal. I never saw this account
and never heard of it; still, it may be all right.
No one ever asked me anything about it; and
so I do not know anything about it. I suppose
it is for items of expenditure not provided for
by law.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I do not know how that
was. It was a claim presented and reported
favorably upon by the committee, and which
has passed both Houses of Congress and
obtained the sanction of the President of the
United States.
Mr. POMEROY. Did the Senator himself
see the items?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I did.
Mr. POMEROY. And was he satisfied
about it?
Mr. SPR.AGUE. I was satisfied.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know anything
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to lay the amendment upon the table, which is
not debatable except by unanimous consent,
and the yeas and nays have been ordered upon
that motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 18; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron. Chandler, Conkling,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Freling-
huysen, Harlan, liitchcoek, Kelly, Logan, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Pratt, Itamsey, Rice, Robert-
son, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Thurman,
Tipton, and AVright—28.
NAXS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Cassorly, Cole,
Cooper, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Nye, (Jsborn,
Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton,
Sumner, Vwkers, West, and Witviom—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Coibett,
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton, Hamlin, Hill, Howe, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill oi Maine, Patterson, Fool,
Sawyer, Stewart, Trumbull, and Wilson—11.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I offer the
following amendment, of which notice has been
given:
Sec. —. That, for the purpose of connecting the
grounds already owned and belonging to the United
States in the city of Washington for the establish-
ment of a public park, the olheer in chargc of pub-
lic buildings and giounds is hereby authorized to
to exercise such control as maybe strictly necessary
for this object over the public reservations herein
enumerated, namely; reservation No. 1, south of the
President's House; reservation No. 3, whereon
stands the Washington monument; reservation No.
2, including the grounds occupied by the Agricul-
tural Department and around the Smithsonian In-
stitution; Armory square, upon which is located the
armory building; the grounds bounded by Missouri
and Maine avenues, between Third and Sixth streets;
and the Bo tamo Garden and Capitol grounds; and
he is hereby authorized to offer premiums, not ex-
ceeding in all the sum of SI,000, for the best plans
for laying out and improving said park, to be sub-
mitted to the decision of a commission of three suit-
able persons, to be appointed by the Vice President
of the United States and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives; and the commissioner may adopt,
with the approval of the President of the United
States and the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives, any plan or combination
of parts of the plans thus submitted which, at the
least expense, shall appear to oifer the greatest ad-
vantages; Provided, That theproceods of the sale of
such lots, not including any public squares belong-
ing to the United States in the Territory of Columbia,
as may not be needed for public purposes, not ex-
ceeding ten m number, to bo selected with the
approval of the Committees on Publie Buildings and
(grounds of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, shall be applied to the improvement and lay-
ing put of said park, and shall be sold by the officer
in charge of public buildings and grounds, in suit-
building lots, at public sale, a minimum rate at
which such sale shall be authorized to be previously
fixed by the Secretary of the Interior; and the funds
arising therefrom shall be paid into tho Treasury of
the United States as a special fund, to be set apart
for defraying the cost of opening roadways and
walks, bridging streets, and other work attending
the improvement of the public park; and that the
olheer aforesaid is hereby authorized to borrow and
receive from the Treasury of the United States, to
bo used for the purposes herein indicated, and no
other, any sum or sums not exceeding $100,000, out
ot any money in tho Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and which shall be refunded and paid to
the Treasury of the United States out of any funds
hereafter realized from the sale of the lotsor squares
of land hereinbefore mentioned.
I desire merely to say that this is one of the
amendments which were passed so nearly
unanimously by the Senate on a previous occa-
sion, and which were rejected by the House.
As the provision in relation to the sale of
Judiciary square is now eliminated from the
proposition, I do not think there will be any
objection to it on the part of the House of
Representatives. There was very little when
the subject was before under consideration in
relation to this matter, and I believe all objec-
tion will be entirely withdrawn now. The
amendment merely proposes to sell about one
half of twenty outlying lots, and to appropriate
the grounds for the purpose of a public park.
Of course, I do not now anticipate that there
will be any objection to it whatever.
Mr. POMEROY. I guess that is right; let
it go.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For this amount, to bo deducted from any money
or funds in the Treasury of the United States be-
longing to the Piankeshaw, Wea, Peoria, and ICas-
kaskia Indians, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of tho Interior, as provided in the
treaty of 186S, $12,000.
I will remark in relation to this amendment
that it was put upon the Indian appropriation
bill, and was dropped out in some way, either
in engrossing or enrolling the bill.
Mr. COLE. I have not had time to exam-
ine the Indian appropriation bill to know
whether this item may not bo embodied in it
already.
Mr. POMEROY. This only appropriates
it from their own funds.
Mr. COLE. Very well; but it may appro-
priate it twice for all I know.
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot use it twice.
Mr. COLE. I feel bound to object to it,
unless the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs can give us some definite inform-
ation about it, and can assert very positively
that it is not already provided for in some por-
tion of the bill that has passed.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been informed by
those who have examined carefully all through,
and they say it is not iu any of the appropria-
tion bills.- I have looked through the Indian
appropriation bill at my desk here since I
have conversed with the honorable Senator,
and I do not find the item in it. I am informed
by the Secretary of the Senate that it was
among the amendments agreed to, and it ought
to have beeu iu the appropriation bill at the
last session.
Mr. COLE. Then comes up the next ques-
tion, as to whether or not the committee of
conference may not have had some reason for
striking it out.
Mr. HARLAN. As I was a member of that
committee; I know it was not spoken of before
the committee at all; it was not mentioned.
It was supposed by me to be in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, in pursuance of a recommendation of
the Secretary of the Interior:
That the following sum, or so much thereof as may
