138
the congressional globe.
March 17,
be necessary, be appropriated for subsistence of the
Arapahoe,Cheyenne, Apache, Kiowa, and Comanche
Indians, who have been collected and located upon
the reservation set apart for their use and occupa-
tion by ihe treaties made with them in 1887, $250,000.
This is for the support of these Indians who
were collected together by the peace commis-
sion and settled in the western part of the
Indian territory. I will say to the honorable
ohairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that there is no provision made for their sub-
sistence in their treaty. It has been provided
for in the appropriation bills from year to year,
was provided for last year; but in someway
ihe estimate was not made for it in time for.
the House to put it in the regular bili this year.
It was overlooked by the Committee on Indian
Affairs when the regular Indian appropriation
bill was pending. The Department have enough
funds to keep them together in pursuance of
treaties up to the end of the present fiscal year,
but after that time they will be without funds
to support them and keep them together.
Mr. COLE. We cannot consent to this
amendment by any means. I have sent for the
law making appropriations for the Indian ser-
vice for the next fiscal year. Since my attention
was called to this amendment I have examined
the law, and I find that there are appropriations
in the bill for these Indians. Three tribes are
mentioned in one place, the Arapahoes, Kio-
was, and Comanehes, for whom there are
appropriations under treaty amounting in all
1 believe to over sixty thousand dollars. Those
provisions, as I have said, are in pursuance
of treaty with those Indians. In another place
in the bill, the_ other tribes referred to in the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa are
mentioned, to v/It, the Cheyennes and Arapa-
hoes. They are also provided for under treaty
stipulations, and the amount provided for those
Indians I believe exceeds eighty thousand dol-
lars.
Further along in the bill, and as if for greater
security, there is a provision for what are
called the Northern Cheyennes and Arapahoes,
lor whom there are appropriated some one
hundred and sixteen thousand dollars, in pur-
suance ol various treaty stipulations. So I
think it cannot be said that the Indians for
whom this appropriation is asked are not pro-
vided for to the extept tiiat the treaties with
them call for. [ believe we should not make
this appropriation ol acjuarter of a million now
in addition to the provisions which are made
for them in pursuance of solemn treaties with
them.
If the Northern Arapahoes and Cheyennes
are meant, we are just entering upon install-
ments of payments to them under treaty. In
the bill which passed the other day we pro-
vided for the third of twenty installments in
each ease for this purpose, that, and the other,
amounting in all to over one hundred and six-
teen thousand dollars, as I make it upon a
hasty summing' up. Hut if the Cheyennes and
Arapahoes proper are meant, just at the end
ot the last^ session, only a few weeks ago, wo
made provision for the fourth of thirty install-
ments for various purposes, amounting in all
to the large sum of between eighty and ninety
thousand dollars.
Now, I inter that these Indians must have
been fully provided for by these treaty stipula-
tions, because they are comparatively recent
treaties. Clearly the wants of tlieso Indians
must have been understood by those who made
the treaties three or four years ago, and they
seem to have been provided for amply by the
provisions of the treaty.
The same remark that I make in reference
to the Cheyennes and Arapahoes will apply
to the Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanehes. We
have just appropriated for them the fourth of
thirty installments. The treaty extends through
thirty years, and we aie now in the third year
of that treaty. It is but a reasonable inference
that these recent treaties made all proper pro-
visions for these Indians, and that this demand
now of a quarter of a million more for them,
in addition to what they get under the treaties,
is not to be sustained, not justified.
There is this further objection to the amend-
ment now offered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs: there has not been
time for its consideration or an investigation
of the propriety of it by the committee to whom
it was referred. It is a comparatively new
proposition to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. To be sure, it was presented during
the last moments of the last session of the
committee, but there was no time, as can
readily be seen, to investigate an item of such
magnitude.
It will appear from the statement I have
made that the provisions already made for
these Indians two or three weeks ago will in
any event and in any view reach through to
the next session of Congress. The expendi-
ture of the appropriation made, which amounts
to nearly this sum of a quarter of a million
dollars that is now asked in addition, will
begin only on the 1st of July; and clearly that
large sum of a quarter a million dollars, or
nearly that, will reach through to the next ses-
sion of Congress. If it should be then ascer-
tained and determined to a certainty that the
emergency or great distress on the part of
these Indians calls for some further appropri-
ation, it will be time then to make it. I hope
the Senate will not sustain the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. Doubtless the honorable
Senator thinks this amendment ought not to
be adopted; and he explains why he thinks so:
he has not had time to look through the sub-
ject as fully as the character of the amendment
would seem to require; but those who have
looked through the subject do not doubt the
propriety of it. I may say here that the Sec-
retary of the Interior thought it of so much
importance that he came in his carriage yes-
terday morning with the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs to hunt up the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs to bring the mat-
ter to his attention, and then came down to the
Capitol to have an interview with the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and did have a personal
interview with them on the subject, stating that
unless this appropriation was made the depart-
ment would be without means to keep these
Indians on their reservation after the 30th of
June next.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
is in error in supposing that anything has been
appropriated which can be applied in this way.
I have before me a copy of the appropria-
tion bill which passed at the last session, and
under the head of "Apaches, Kiowas, and
Comanehes" I find this item :
" For fourth of thirty installments, as provided to
he expended under tho tenth article of the treaty
ot October 21, 1SG7, concluded at Medicine Lodge
Creek, in Kansas, with the Kiowas and Comanche^,
and under the third article of the treaty of same
date with the Apaches, $30,030."
Now, by referring to the tenth article of that
lieaty you will find that that money is to be
paid for clothing and specific articles named
ill the treaty, to wit:
" For paeh male person over fourteen years of age
asuitot good, substantial woolen clothing, consist-
ing ot coat, pantaloons." &o.
Another item is " for boys and girls under
the age named to make each a suit as afore-
said,'' and so on, enumerating specifically what
this money shall be applied for. As I remarked
before, there is nothing in the treaty provid-
ing for subsistence; it was an oversight on the
part of the commissioners who negotiated the
treaty; so that we are in this condition : we
have collected these Indians on this reserva-
tion ; and they are the same Indians who were
at war all along the border in Kansas and
lNebraska and on up into Dakota, breaking up
the Pacific railroad, stopping trains, and mur-
dering people. We sent out a commission
to negotiate with them, who made an agree-
ment with them that if they would stop their
nomadic pursuits arid their depredatious on the
settlementsand live on a reservation in the
Indian territory we would provide for them
clothing and subsistence. We have made the
appropriation for clothing and the implements
of husbandry, but have not made the appro-
priation for subsistence. Of course every Sen-
ator knows that these wild Indians, as soon
as their subsistence fails, must of necessity,
whether they desire it or not, go out on tha
plains to procure food; and we know from
their former habits that they will not confine
themselves to the pursuit of the buffalo alone ;
we know that they will commit depredations
on the white settlements.
Last year this subject was brought before
the Committee on Appropriations, when the
honorable gentleman from Maine [Mr. Mob-
kill] was chairman of that committee. He
doubtless will remember the character of the
appropriation, and the necessity which then
presented itself for patting this item in the
appropriation bill of last year ; and the same
necessity exists this year. It is urged by the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs; and, as I look at it,
the question simply is, whether we shall expend
this comparatively small sum of $250,000 to
feed these Indians or support enough troop3
on the plains to destroy them.
The other item of appropriation to which
the honorable Senator refers is of a kindred
character. In aid of the Cheyennes and Ara-
pahoes there was a small appropriation of
$10,000 in the bill that passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress ; but by referring to the
treaty with them you will find, as in the other
case, that it is "for each male person over
fourteen years of age a suit of good, substan-
tial clothing," and "for material to make
clothing for children," and so on through.
There is no appropriation in the bill or pro-
vision in the treaty for subsistence. This
amendment is to supply that omission, both in
the treaty and in the bill—an appropriation that
is absolutely necessary in order to keep these
Indians quiet, and which the Secretary of tho
Interior considers of so much importance that
lie has been in his carriage traveling back and
forth to the Capitol to urge it on the attention
of those who have been placed in charge of
this particular subject, so as to place the
responsibility on the Senate and House of
Representatives if these Indians are permitted
to scatter again and go out on the plains and
commit their accustomed depredations on the
white settlers. If the honorable Senator from
Maine remembers anything about this subject,
I should bo very glad if he would say so to the
Senate.
Mr. MOltrtlLL, of Maine. This is an old
subject, I suppose, to most Senators who have
paid much consideration to Indian affairs dur-
ing the last few years. The vigilance of my
honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, is commendable.
Of course he ought not to allow so large an
appropriation as this to go upon the bill without
fully understanding it; and as he has not had
the opportunity for examination, he ought to
inquire for the information from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, whose duty it is to exam-
ine the subject, and from all other sources
that are accessible.
• It"iI1,be "'"entered, Mr. President, that
m 1J67 the Congress of the United States took
upon itself the attempt to inaugurate a new
poucy of putting tho Indians of the plains
upon reservations, and instead of fighting, to
feed them. It was believed upon an examina-
tion that it was cheaper to feed these Indians
upon reservations than to fight them. The
lamentaole deficiencies of the War Depart-
ment for the years 1865, 1866, 1867, and 1868
may be referred to as evidence of the m'opriety
and^ soundness of that policy.
how, sir, $250,000 seems to be a pretty
lar^e sam : bat you should remember that this
year you have no deficiencies in the quarter-
master's department of the Army on account
