140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Washington, and they impose on the Depart-
ment, and they furnish any amount of evidence.
They are a very strong body of men, takingthe
Indians and the attorneys together.
While I do not wish to talk about a matter
as to which I know nothing—and I am entirely
unacquainted with the circumstances of this
particular case—it seems to me wrong to make
an appropriation of $250,000 to feed certain
Indians. Why should we appropriate $250,000
in this way as if it was nothing, when, added
to the former appropriations made in the reg-
ular Indian bill at the last session, the amount
will be over six million dollars? As the Indians
diminish, the appropriations increase. Is that
always going to be the ease? Is no step to
be taken to civilize these Indians? Are they
always to be fed by the Government? Is the
inducement always to be held out, if they desire
more money, that their white agents and the
Indians together can get up a conspiracy to
have a war ?
Mr. TIIURMAN. Will my friend from
Nevada allow me to ask him a question right
here ?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. TUURMAN. The Senator from Nevada
is very familiar with this question; and I should
like to ask him if he can tell the Senate about
what percentage of appropriations like this
and similar ones ever goes to the benefit of the
F n rl i o r* o of oil
Mr. STEWABT. I do not think five per
cent, or three per cent, ever goes to the Indians
themselves, I do not mean that the Indian
chiefs do not get the money, hut I believe the
mass of the Indians get scarcely any of it,
certainly very little of it. The Indian chiefs,
the speculators, the men that ride around hero
in carriages, understand this business as well
as the whites. Under their aristocratic gov-
ernment, the money goes to their kings and
potentates, and 1 do not believe the mass of
the Indian people feel this liberal policy of the
Government that is talked about. I believe
the money goes to the big chiefs, to buy them
off with presents, and who threaten to get up
wars. It goes to a few warriors. That is the
\vay it has gone under my observation. It goes
to those who can say, " Give us more money
or we will make war." They distribute it ac-
cording to their ideas of justice among them-
selves, and I do not believe ten per cent, of it
goes to the mass of the Indians. It is dis-
tributed between white agents and Indians who
assume to be agents for the tribe. The big
chiefs, the aristocrats among the Indians, and
their white brethren " make a very good thing"
of it. I do not believe in this peace policy,
as it is called.
I should not have made these remarks, but
for what was said by the Senator from Minne-
sota, [Air. WrxDOM,] who told us that the only
way to get along was to pour out money. I
have seen the other policy tried where nothing
was given. As 1 stated to the Senate before,
I have seen it tried in my own State. There
you give $15,000 a year for from five to eight
thousand Indians. There the Indians have
taken care of themselves, and they are much
better off than they would be to-day if you had
appropriated money to them in the same pro-
portion that you do to the other Indians. If
you had done that, you would have made them
worthless vagabonds. There the whites and
the Indians understand distinctly that there is
no use in getting up a war, for their represent-
atives in Congress will not go in for treaties,
and will not go in for appropriations if they do.
The result is that several thousand of those
Indians vvoik. Go to any town in Nevada and
you will find them cutting wood, and you will
find more or less of them herding stock in the
country and working in thequai'tz-mills. They
work just as well as any other uncivilized peo-
ple. There is nothing about the character of
an Indian that precludes his working. Of
course if he can live without work, he will not
work, but I find that that rule prevails every-
where. Those who can live without work do
not like to work, whether they be Indians or
white men, or any other kind of men. If they
can live by war and plunder, Indians do not
like to work. If they can scare a great many
people, so that you will give them beans and
medals, and so that they can come here and
have a retinue in the streets of your city and
ride in state, if they can have all that without
labor, why should they work? My opinion is
that if you remove the inducement to Indian
wars, which is money, if you will make it
known that it is impossible to get any more
money by threatening an Indian war, there
will be no difficulty.
If this amendment is in pursuance of a treaty
I do not propose to oppose it. I merely rose
to say a few words on the general subject by
way of protest. I do not understand whether
it is or is not in pursuance of a treaty. I would
carry out all our treaties so far as their pecu-
niary obligations are concerned. I do not pro-
pose to be a party to violating treaties so far as
their pecuniary provisions are concerned; but
I do not hold that we are bound by any treaty
obligations as to the municipal government of
that part of the country held by these Indians.
I think the municipal government there exist-
ing ought to be changed; and there should be
no more aristocrats recognized there, no more
caste, and no more orders of nobility granted
by the United States to Indians. Let them
hold their property in severalty hereafter. I
hope we shall get at a system next year that
will develop some reason in this thing, some
idea of civilization. If this is in pursuance
of a treaty let it go. If it is a mere donation,
not in pursuance of any treaty, it ought not to
pass, because nobody knows where the money
is to go to.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I rise to ask for inform-
ation of the Chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs to enable mo to vote understand-
ing^ on this question. I understand from the
tenor of the amendment that these Indians
were gathered on some reservation in pursu-
ance of a treaty. I believe I am right in that.
Mr. HARLAN. It is in pursuance of a
recommendation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior.
Mr. TIIURMAN. Is it in pursuance of any
treaty that they are gathered on the reserva-
tion ?
Mr. HARLAN. They were collected on the
reservation in pursuance of a treaty made by
a commission sent out in pursuance of a law.
Congress passed a law raising a commission,
consisting of three officers of the Army not
below the grade of brigadier general, and three
civilians, one of whom was the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, and the other was the chair-
man of the Senate Committee on ludian Affairs
when that position was filled by the honorable
Mr. Henderson of Missouri and some other
civilian ; I do not remember who the other one
was. They were directed by law to see the
Indians who were at war with the people of the
United States, and to ascertain the cause of
their dissatisfaction, and to make such arrange-
ments with them, if practicable, as to end the
war-and locate them on reservations. They
made this treaty and collected these Indians
on what is known as the western part of the
Indian territory, where they have been for
several years, under the charge of the Society
of Friends, familiarly known as Quakers.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I was right, then, in sup-
posing that they have been collected in pursu-
ance of the terms of a treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator is
correct in that.
Mr. THURMAN. The next question which
I wish to ask is whether that treaty provides
for any such payment as is contemplated by
this amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. It provides strangely for
everything that is needed except subsistence.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish now to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
why this amendment was not made a part of
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. These estimates are made
up by clerks, as honorable Senators well know.
They followed the text of the treaty, and, not
thinking or perhaps caring about the omission
in the treaty itself, made no estimate for this
item. It escaped the notice of the Committee
on Appropriations in the House, and, I must
admit, escaped my observation at the time. It
also escaped the observation of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. THURMAN. That brings me to an-
other question ; and that is whether this appro-
priation is recommended by any Department
of the Government?
Mr. HARLAN. It is recommended by the
Secretary of the Interior.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were twenty-four.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer an amendment as
an additional section:
That the act approved January 22,1867, entitled
"An aet to fix the time for the regular meetings of
Congress," be, and the same is hereby, repealed,
after the adjournment of the present session of
Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you would leave out
the latter part I think I would vote for the
amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. You cannot do that. The
section I have offered speaks for itself. It
repeals the law passed at the time named—I
have it by ine—which provided for what I call
an extra session of Congress, though it termed
it a regular session. It was called for by an
emergency deemed to exist at that time. I
hold it to be unnecessary, and if it shall ever
become necessary again, another law may be
passed. I submit it to the consideration of
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me this is a very
inopportune time and it is a very unusual
thing to move an amendment of this sort. It
is a proposition to repeal the law which pro-
vides for the first session of each Congress. I
think the proposition should come up by itself,
and after sufficiently careful investigation to
enable the Senate to determine the question
upon its merits.
There were reasons, I presume, originally
for the provision of this additional session of
Congress. What they were cannot be determ-
ined in the very short time that we hav  to
dispose of this question upon this bill. They
may have been cogent; they evidently were
sufficient at the time to justify the action of
Congress in providing this session. I do not
believe that the Senate now should decide a
question of this sort upon the little dissatisfac-
tion that may exist on the part of some mem-
bers over the question of adjournment. Some
are in favor of adjournment now, some would
stay a day or two longer, and I apprehend
persons will be governed in their votes on this
question by their feelings on the subject of
adjournment at the present time, and I am
sure it cannot be coolly and candidly consid-
ered in the short space of time there is to con-
sider it as an amendment to an appropriation
bill.
I hope it will not be disposed of at this
timo, but that it may come up when there
will be a chance for discussion upon it, if
members choose to discuss it; or at least that
it will be deferred until there shall be a chance[
for deliberation upon it. This amendment I <
believe comes from no committee, though I
am not certain about that. I do not know but
that it may be objected to under some rule,
though I am not certain of that, as it asks for
no appropriation. It is clear, however, that
it ought to have the support of some commit-
