846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
On Private Land Claims—Mpssrs. Davis of
Kentucky, (chairman,) Ferry of Connecticut,
Sawyer. Bayard, and Cooper.
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Harlan, (chair-
man,) Corbett, Buckingham, Stewart, Freling-
huysen. Hill, and Davis of Kentucky.
On Pensions—Messrs. Edmunds, (chair-
man,) Tipton, Pratt, Brownlow, Ferry of
Michigan, West, and Saulsbury.
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Pool,
(chairman.) Brownlow, Corbett, Clayton, and
Davis of West Virginia.
On Claims—Messrs. Howe, (chairman,)
Scott, Sprague, Pratt, Boreman, Wright, and
Davis of West Virginia.
On the District of Columbia—Messrs. Pat-
terson, (chairman,) Sunnier, Lewis, Spencer,
Caldwell, Hitchcock, and Vickers.
On Patents—Messrs. Ferry of Connecticut,
(chairman,) Carpenter, Morrill of Maine,
Windom. and Hamilton of Maryland.
On Public Building sand Grounds—Messrs.
Morrill of Vermont, (chairman,) Trumbull,
Cole, Stockton, and Hamilton of Maryland.
On Territories—Messrs. Nye, (chairman,)
Cragin, Schurz, Boreman, Hill, Hitchcock,
and Cooper.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Stewart,
(chairman,) Ramsey, Harlan, Rice, Fenton,
Scott, Kellogg, Hitchcock, Logan, Blair, and
Kelly.
0n Mines and Mining—Messrs. Rice, (chair-
man,) Chandler, Flanagan, Lewis, Logan,
Caldwell, and Saulsbury.
On the Revision of the Laws of the United
States—Messrs. Cotikling, (chairman,) Car-
penter, Pool, Pratt, and Hamilton of Mary-
land.
On Education and Labor—Messrs. Sawyer,
(chairman,) Morrill of Vermont, Flanagan,
Patterson, and Johnston.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate—Messrs. Fenton, (chair-
man,) Windoin, and Saulsbury.
On Printing — Messrs. Anthony, (chair-
man,) Howe, and Casserly.
On the Library—Messrs. Morrill of Maine,
(chairman,) Howe, and Sherman.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Buckingham,
(chairman,) Ames, and Davis of West Vir-
ginia.
On Enrolled Bills — Messrs. Carpenter,
(chairman,) Lewis, and Kelly.
recess.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I move that
the Senate take a recess until one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at twelve
o'clock and seven minutes p. m.) the Senate
took a recess until one o'clock p. m., at which
hour the Vice President resumed the chair.
committee to wait on 'hie president.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the com-
mittee appointed by the Senate to wait upon
the President, of the United States, and to
inform him that the Senate had organized in
accordance with his proclamation and was
ready to receive any message which he might
be pleased to communicate, have discharged
t'he duty imposed upon them, and received
lroin the President the reply that he would
communicate immediately to the Senate in
writing.
claims of foreign subjects.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to fur-
nish tue Senate wnli a copy ot all reports made
by lion, William Whiting, as Solicitor of the War
Department, upon any claims made by the subjects
ot any foreign nation for damages in consequence of
tbo^war against the rebellious States from 1861 to
3883, inclusive, and which are supposed to be now
ou liie iu the (State Department.
ADJOURNMENT TO FRIDAY.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to day it adjourn to meet at
twelve o'clock on Friday next.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the motion is put
I would ask the Senator whether he might not
put the next meeting at a later day'!
Mr. CAMERON. I prefer not. I will ask
the Committee on Foreign Relations to go
into session immediately after we adjourn,
and I suppose that by the day after to-morrow
they will be ready to report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
executive business.
Mr. Horace Porter, the President's Sec-
retary, appeared below the bar, at fire minutes
past one o'clock, and announced that he was
directed by the President of the United States
to deliver to the Senate a message in writing.
The message was taken to the Vice Presi-
dent's table and found to be of an executive
character.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after two
hours spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and (at three o'clock and six
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
Friday, May 12, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. William Hamilton, D. D.,
of Washington.
The Journal of the proceedings of Wednes-
day last was read and approved.
additional senators present.
Hon. George F. Edmunds of Vermont,
Hon. William SPRAGCEof Rhode Island, Hon.
Thomas J. Robertson of South Carolina,
Hon. Adelbert Ames of Mississippi, Hon.
J. Rodman West of Louisiana, Hon. Abijah
Gilbert, of Florida Hon. J. W. Flanagan
and Hon. Morgan C. Hamilton of Texas,
Hon. Matthew H. Carpenter of Wisconsin,
Hon. Alexander Ramsey of Minnesota, Hon.
Samuel C. Poweroy of Kansas, Hon. A. I.
Boreman and Hon. Henry G. Dayis of West
Virginia, and Hon. James W. Nye of Nevada
appeared in their seatB to-day.
executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being an
executive session of the Senate, the Chair will
not call the regular order of business, but any
Senator desiring to introduce business proper
to come before the Senate at this session can
do so.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after one
hour and five minutes spent in executive ses-
sion the doors were reopened.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday nest at eleven o'clock a. m.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate (at
one o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) adjourned.
Monday, May 15, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. J. B. Wakely, D. D., of New
York.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
additional senators present.
Hon. John W. Stevenson of Kentucky,
Hon. Henry Cooper of Tennessee, Hon.
Powell Clayton and Hon. Benjamin F. Rice
ot Arkansas, Hon. William Windom of Min-
nesota, and Hon. Alexander Caldwell of
Kansas appeared in thuir seats to-day.
. executive session.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After two hours and l!fty-five min-
utes spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
ohio river bridges.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the Senate the final report of the
board ot engineers appointed under section five of
act approved July 11, 1870, to examine and report
upon bridges across-the Ohio river.
mileage oe senators.
Mr. VICKERS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
requested to examine and report whether the mem-
bers of the Senate are entitled to mileage at the
present special session.
On motion of Mr. THURM AN, the Senate (at
two o'clock and three minutes p. m.) adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Tuesday, May 16, 1871.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
additional senators present.
Hon. Orris S. Ferry, of Connecticut, and
Hon. John A. Logan, of Illinois, appeared in
their seats to-day.
vessels seized at falkland islands.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM submitted the follow-
ing resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That thePresident be, and he is hereby,
requested to transmit to the Senate, if not in his
judgment inconsistent with the public interest,
copies of all papers and correspondence in the State
Department relative to the case of the ship Hudson
and schooner Washington, the property of citizens
of Connecticut, seized by the British authorities at
the Falkland Islands in 1854, together with any in-
formation in the Navy Department upon the same
subject derived from the reports of Lieutenant W.
3?. Lynch or other naval officers.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, it was
Ordered, That Jesse Connell, of Kansas, (of the
firm of Connell & Johnson,) be permitted to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That Robert Webster, petitioner for com-
pensation for supplies, &c„ have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers trom the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That John J!. Boggs have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after four hours and a half spent
in executive session the doors were reopened,
and (at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
privileges of the senate.
During the executive session to-day the fol-
lowing proceedings occurred, from which the
injunction of secrecy has been removed by
order of the Senate :
Mr. CARPENTER submitted the following
report:
The select committee appointed under and in pur-
suance of a resolution of the Senate of May 12,1871.
as follows: "Resolved, That a select committee of five
Senatorsbeappomtedby theOhair, wnoshii.il invest-
igate how, and b* whom, the treaty known as the
treaty ot Washington and other recent proceedings
of theSenate in executive session were made public,
and that said committee havo power to send for
persons and papers;" have attended to their duties,
so far as they have been able because of the malteis
hereinafter stated, and a^lt leave to report, in part,
as follows:
lu pursuance of said resolution the said commit-
tee met iu the Capitol on the loth day of May, A. D.
1871, at seven o'clock p. m„ and one Z. L. White,
