142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
■who made the survey; the other is that the
Commissioner of the Land Office is authorized
to judge how far thatdisobedienee was material
or the contrary; and if in his judgment the
disobedience was not material, Jie is directed
to approve the survey.
Now, sir, it is not a supposable case that
instructions issued for a survey in a matter so
important as the boundary between a State
and an adjoining Territory can, any of them,
be immaterial. One may be more material
than another, but none of them can be treated
as immaterial; and yet the suggestion is made
by this amendment to the Commissioner of
the Land Ofliee that some of the instructions—
one or more—given to Mr. James were of so
little consequence that his disobedience of
them may be disregarded by the Commissioner.
Sir, the very fact that a necessity is supposed
to exist for this amendment proves what? That
in the judgment of the Commissioner himself
there was a departure from the instructions of
Mr. James which was too important to be
overlooked by him. I infer that from the lan-
guage of the amendment. I infer it because
we have nothing here to act upon. I do not
know what has taken place in Congress at
other times before I came into it; but I never
could believe, unless I saw it from the official
evidence, that a question so grave as a debated
boundary line between a State and a Territory,
which had to be settled by an ofBcial survey
made under instructions, could be disposed of
by an amendment introduced here by a single
Senator on his own responsibility, and without
the indoisement of any committee.
And what haste is there about it ? The thing
seems to have waited a good while. Can it
not wait for the examination of a cominittce ?
Why does not the Senator from Nevada put
his amendment into the shape of a bill and
send it to a committee, where the facts can bo
ascertained ? It is well known, I believe, that
there was some controversy, or an attempt to
raise a controversy as to the true boundary
line between the Territory of Utah and the
State of Nevada; at least I saw such state-
ments in the newspapers, and I had reason
to believe I hat there was some foundation
for them.
it seems to me. on every ground, that the
Senator from Nevada ought not lo press his
amendment upon us. We are all in the dark
about it. 11' anybody knows anything about
it in the Senate it is Ihe Senator from Nevada,
himself', and probably his colleague. I im-
agine they are the only two Senators here who
have the least, information upon this subject.
They ought not to ask us upon that foundation
to deal with a question so grave as this ques-
tion is. The Senator from West Virginia was
entirely right when he called the attention of
the Senate to the imprudence and the impro-
priety of dealing with this question in ibis off-
hand manner, i am sine that upon any qucs-
tion less important th-m this ii, I should be
quite willing to eoneede a great deal, if not
everything, to the Senas or:! from that State ;
hut this question is not one which I think
should be so disposed of.
Mr. STEWART. We have been for a long
time wanting this line run. Three years ago
Congress appropriated twenty-five "dollars a
mile for running it. It was insufficient, and
the work was not done. Two years ago you
made it forty dollars a mile, and it still re-
mained unsurveyed. The inhabitants living
in the southern part of Ihe State were very
desirous of knowing where this line is. The
appropriation was not sufficient to survey
through ihe desert and make the astronomical
observations.
The conn-act was advertised, but it was not
taken. The election was appioaehing, audit
was absolutely neccsf-ary 10 determine the
boundary. The people were very anxious on
the subject,. There was in our State Mr. James,
an engineer who stands as high as any engin-
eer on the Pacific coast with all parties, and
I say for him that there is no more upright
man and no more accurate man on that coast,
and no man that has a higher reputation in his
profession. He was appealed to to take this
contract, and make this survey, and run the
line—appealed to by all parties.
The authorities of Utah were very anxious
on the subject, as well as those of Nevada.
He finally consented on the condition that he
should be allowed to triangulate from Salt
Lake and get the initial point without making
new astronomical observations, which would
take several months, and for which the appro-
priation was entirely inadequate, and the time
was inadequate. He was advised to take it on
those terms. The survey has been made and
returned. I have had several conversations
with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office about it. He makes no objection to the
accuracy of the work, and there was no vio-
lation of instructions by Mr. James. The law
is entirely silent as to whether the initial point
should be obtained in one way or another; it
simply appropriated so much for the survey-
ing and running of the eastern boundary line
of the State.
The predecessor of the present Commis-
sioner, Mr. Wilson, required that astronomical
observations should be taken. They were not
taken, but this triangulation was made from
Salt Lake. It was impossible for a time to
declare the result of the election ; we could not
tell who was elected member of Congress, and
the result as to many of our State officers was
in doubt, owing to the impossibility of telling
whether certain settlements were in our State
or in the Territory of Utah ; and throwing out
their votes would have changed the result.
Then there is important mining property
located on the lino, and parties concerned in
it were pleading to the jurisdiction when suits
were brought. A good many crimes had been
committed, and the defendants on being ar-
raigned would plead to the jurisdiction. It is
more essential to have it known where the
line is than to have it exact in every particu-
lar. The larger portion of the distance is
uncontested.
The line can only be surveyed in the winter.
The deserts there cannot be surveyed in the
summer. If this survey should not be approved
now, another survey must be made next win-
ter, involving a large expense. This man,
relying on the good faith of those who induced
him to undertake the work, did do it, and did
it well. He undertook it because of the urgent
necessity of the case. He put all his property
in it. He is a hard-workiug man. He put
everything he possessed into carrying oat this
contract. He cannot get his pay, and he is
ruined unless the survey is approved. I am
responsible to a great extent, for I was one of
those who induced him to undertake the work.
I thought that, any engineer would say that a
triangulation for that distance might very well
be made. We are satisfied with it, and Utah
is satisfied. I have conversed with the Dele-
gate from Utah, and he is very anxious that
[lie controversy which has ax-isen between
Utah and Nevada should be settled by having
some line ron. We should be willing to have
the line changed, and have the settlements
thrown on either side, so as to settle the
controversy. We want it ended. That, is the
universal wish of the people there. Do not,
put it off until next year. Here are important
rights of property affected ; here are contests
about elections ; here are crimes committed,
and a controversy as to the proper jurisdic-
tion to punish them. If you left the line
undetermined between any two of your large
States where there are old settled communi-
ties you would have trouble. The urgency
of the case induced us to take the course we
did, and all we ask is that if the Commissioner
of the General Land Office thinks there is no
material inaccuracy he shall accept the initial
point obtained by the Government surveys at
Salt Lake, instead of requiring astronomical
observations, which it was impossible to make.
It could not be done under the appropriation,
and there was not time for it.
I hope this amendment will be adopted. I
am certain there is nothing wrong about it,
that everybody will be satisfied. If the Sen-
ator from California knew how all parties with
us stood in regard to it he would bo anxious
that there should bo an end put to the wrangle
about this line. Let us put an end to it by
accepting this survey.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Nevada whether he has auy letter or report
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office stating the facts in connection with this
survey?
Mr. STEWART. I have a letter, but it is
not here. The letter states to me that he had
not decided to accept the survey. _ The diffi-
culty was as to the triangulation instead of
the astronomical observations, and he did not
know whether it was accurate. He is investi-
gating it. He told me that if he had issued
the original instructions he would have felt
authorized to act; but they having been
issued by his predecessor he did not know
whether he ought to depart from the instruc-
tions of his predecessor, even if on investiga-
tion he found the line correct. He feels a
delicacy about dealing with the instructions
issued by his predecessor. This amendment
simply leaves him at liberty, if he finds the
work accurately done, to depart from those
instructions to the extent I have stated. He
has competent men in the office making the
examination. If the work is not accurate it
will not be approved. It is very important
that it should be acted on soon. There has
been no time to submit this amendment to a
committee now Congress is about to adjourn,
and there will be trouble during the whole of
this vacation, and everybody in this region of
country will be in confusion nnless the line is
established. I think the better way is to adopt
the amendment and let the Commissioner act.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator when
was this survey completed and reported to the
Land Office?
Mr. STEWART. The survey was not re-
ported to the Land Office until some time late
in February ; but before that time Mr. James
got past the settlements sufficiently so that the
election could be declared. Our election was
in November, and the survey was commenced
in October. Our officers waited before declar-
ing the result of the election until this sur-
veyor had passed through the settlements.
The whole country was watching the survey
that was being made, and the electipn of
member of Congress was in doubt for a long
time, because the fact of certain districts being
in Nevada or Utah would change the result.
Finally, after this survey was made the officials
in Nevada gave the certificate to the Demo-
cratic candidate for Congress. His election
depended upon it, and it will be recollected
that there was a long time after the election
before it was settled. This was one of the
questions that had to be determined. All
parties were equally interested in having the
line run.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, this is
another illustration of the objection so often
urged to putting legislation on an appropria-
tion bill. This is not only legislation, but
legislation of an unexpected and I imagine
very unusual character. I do not see what
possible injury can be wrought to any public
or any private interest which is just in defer-
ring this until the matter can be examined by
some committee of this body, or at least until
we have here something in the shape of a
report from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. The Senator has not stated,
and L presume it is not in his power to state,
whetherany error has been committed in adopt-
ing triangulation instead of astronomical ob-
servations, much less what the extent of that
error is that has been committed. It may be
