848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Question. You intended to send it all, and supposed
you did?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. And did not withhold any portion of it?
Answer. I did not.
By the Chairman: ^
Question, Look at what is published in the paper
and see if you have any doubt about that being what
you transmitted.
Answer. I have no doubt of it.
By Mr. Trumuull :
Question. And that is the whole that you trans-
muted ?
Answer. I have no doubt that it is the whole that
I transmitted.
Question. And you intended to transmitthe whole
of what you had as purporting to be the treaty?
Answer. I intended to transmit the whole of what
was the treaty itself.
By the Chairman:
Question. Bid you pay anything, and if so, how
much, lor that copy which you obtained?
Answer. I respectfully refuse to answer that
question.
Question. Where is the copy which you obtained?
Answer. I do not know.
Question. What did you do with it?
Answer. I respectfully refuse to answer that
question.
Question. When did you last see it?
Answer. I lespectfuhy refuse to answer that.
Question. Where did you last see it?
Answer. X respectfully refuse to answer that.
Question. Where is the Tribune office in this city,
on what street?
Answer. Fourteenth street.
Question. Were you there at that office from ten
o'clock till one o'clock of the night in question ?
Armoer. I was.
Question. Who else was there besides you?
Answer. I respectfully retuse to answer that.
Question. Was Mr. Flagsc, one of the clerks of the
Senate, in that room between ten and one o'clock
that nighi?
Answer, I respectfully refuse to answer that. I
believe I have testified that no officer of the Senate
furnished the treaty to me.
Question. And therefore I supposed you could
answer whether Mr. Flaggwas in that room or not.
Ansxoer. If ho was there he did not furnish me the
copy of the treaty.
Question. Was he there?
Answer. No, sir; he was not.
Question. Bid you see him that night ?
Answer. I did not.
Question. Do you know of his having had a copy
of that treaty and having offered it for sale at any
price whatever?
Answer. I do not know. I never was introduced
to the gentleman until to-night, and did not know
him until I eaine here to-night.
Question. And you say now that he was not in that
office during that night?
Answer, 1 do.
Question. And that you did not see him that night,
either before or after ten o'clock?
Ansxoer. 1 did not.
Question. And you refuse to tell who was in the
room that wight?
Answer. I do.
Z. L. White, recalled.
The Chairman, (to the witness.) The committee
have considered the matter of your refusal to answer
certain questions, and we are all of opinion that
you are bound to answer; and we think it proper to
state to you that if you do not answer, the committee
will feel called upon to report you as in contempt.
Isay this forthe purposeof letting you know exactly
what may be the consequeneesofyour conduct.
And now, for the purpose of bringing the matter
again distinctly to your mind, I put you this ques-
tion.
Question. Prom whom did you obtain the printed
copy of what purports to be the treaty spoken of by
you, which you transmitted to the New York Trib-
une? and which you have stated you received and
transmitted ator about ten o'clock p. m. of Wednes-
day, May 10,1871?
Answer. I respectfully refuse to answer.
Question. Why do you refuse to answer the ques-
tion ?
Answer. On account of my professional honor.
Question. Not because you are unable to answer?
Answer. No. sir.'
Question. What do you mean by your professional
honor; wnat is your profession?
Ansxoer. Whenever I receive any item of news,
unless I have the permis?ion of the gentleman or
person who furnishes to me that item of news I
consider it as an honorable thing that I shall not
divulge the source of that news.
By Mr. Conkling:
Question. Is that true, even if you receive news
that you know to be illicit, which you pay for in
money ?
Answer. I have not testified that I have received
any news that I knew to be illicit, and I have not
testified that I have paid for anything I knew to be
illicit.
By the Chairman:
Question. The question is whether your profes-
sional honor, as you call it, would attach to illicit
news for which you had paid money; would you, in
such a case, feel bound not to answer a. question
which called for the source on the ground of profes-
sional honor?
Answer. That would depend on the understanding
between the person from whom I received it and
myself.
Question. Was there any understanding upon that
subject in this instance?
Answer. I respectfully refuse to answer that ques-
tion.
Question. Not because you cannot answer it, but
because your professional honor prevents; is thatit?
Answer. Yes, sir.
By Mr. Trump,till :
Question. Do you understand fully, Mr. White,
what may be the consequence of the course you are
taking?
Answer. I do.
By the Chairman:
Question. Have the different reporters and corre-
spondents of newspapers in Washington held a meet-
ing on the subject of this investigation ?
Answer, I do not know of any.
Question. Has there been any understanding or
agreement between them that they would refuse to
answer questions here ?
Answer. I have made no agreement with any one.
Question. Have you heard of any such agreement
made by any persons ?
Answer. X have not heard of any.
Question. Has there not been a meeting atwhich a
resolution was passed, in substance, that they would
stand by each other in this matter?
Answer. Ihavenotheardof any.
Question. So, then, this refusal to answer is your
own independent and deliberate act and judgment?
Ansxoer. It i.?.
Question. And you do not wish any opportunity to
consult counsel or think of the matter any further?
Answer. I. of course, did not know what questions
would be asked me. If I could be allowed to with-
draw my refusal and have time to think of the mat-
ter* I should not object.
Question. Did you come here with a fixed pur-
pose not to answer questions which might be put to
you that would draw from you the source from which
youobtained the treaty?
Answer. X came herewith a fixed purpose not to
divulge the source from which I obtained the treaty.
By Mr.Sumner:
Question. Do you understand that you are liable
now to bobroughtbefore the Senate as in contempt?
Answer. I do.
Mr. Sumxer, (to the witness.) I merely call your
attention to that so that you may answer with a
proper sense of responsibility.
By Mr. Trumbull :
Question. Did I understand you to say that you
wanted time to consider and consult ?
Ansxoer. [After a pause.] I do not think it is neces-
sary.
[Exhibit No. 2.]
II. J. Ramsdell sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question. Wheredoyou reside?
Answer. In Washington.
Question. What is your business?
Answer. Newspaper correspondent.
Question. For what papers ?
Answer. The Cincinnati Commercial and the New
York Tribune.
Question. Look at the copy of the Tribune of May
11, 1871, on thetablebeforeyou, and see ifitcontains
what purports to be a copy of a recent treaty between
the United States and Great Britain ?
Answer. It does.
Question. Was that transmitted from Washington
to tho paper for publication ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. By whom?
Answer. By Mr. White, he being in charge of the
office.
Question. Are you and Mr. White associates as
correspondents of that paper?
Answer. Yes, sir; he is the chief of the bureau,
and I am his assistant.
Question. Was the copy which was furnished to
the telegraph for transmission in writing or in print ?
Ansxoer. It was manuscript.
Question. Written manuscript?
Answer, Yes, sir.
Question. From what was that written manuscript
copied?
Answer. It. was copied from print.
Question. Who had that printed copy from which
this manuscript was copied?
Answer. I shall have to decline to answer that
question.
Question. Do you mean that you refuse to answer ?
Ansxoer. I mean that, with due respect to the
committee, I shall have to decline to answer it.
Question. Do you refuse to answer it?
Answer. I suppose that is substantially the same
thing.
Question, What you mean is, not that you could
not answer the question if you chose to do so, but
that you will not answer it?
Ansxoer, I decline to answer it.
Question. When and where did you first see that
printed copy?
Answer. In the Tribune office in this eity, on Four-
teenth street.
Question, At what time in the evening of the 10th
of May ?
Answer. I took no note of the time.
Question. About what time ?
Answer. Some time after nine o'clock, I should
think.
Question. After nine o'clock on the evening of
Wednesday, the 10th of May ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. In whose possession did you first see it?
Ansxoer. I shall have to dcclino to answer that.
Question. Who was present in the office at tha*
time ?
Answer. I shall have to decline to answer that.
Question. How many persons were in that officc,
to your knowledge, that night, between ten and ono
o'clock?
Ansicer. I do not think it would bo proner for mo
to answer that question.
Question. Do you mean that you refuse to answer
it?
Ansxoer, Yes, sir, I decline.
Question. You do not decline on the ground that
you cannot answer it, but you will not answer it; is
that it?
Answer. I dislike to say that I will not, because it
is not out of any disrespect to the committee; but I
do not think I have a right to answer it.
Question. Why have you no right to answer it?
Answer. I think I am in duty bound as a man of
honor not to answer it.
Question. Do you understand that the law shields
and protects you from answering questions?
Answer. Yes, sir, I understand it protects me.
Question. Do you mean that the law does ?
Answer. Yes, sir, in court. I do not know how it
is before a committee.
Question. Have you taken any advice of lawyers
on the subject?
Answer. I have not.
Question. I think you had better. Do you know
from whom that printed copy was obtained ?
Answer. I decline to answer that.
Question. Do you know what was paid for it?
Answer. I decline to answer that.
Question. Do you know how early in ths evening
it was obtained?
Ansxoer. No, sir.
Question. Do you know where it is now ?
Ansxoer. No, sir.
Question. Where did you last see it?
Answer. I last saw it in the Tribune office.
Question. In whose possession ?
Ansxoer. I cannot answer that.
Question. Do you mean that you refuse to answer it?
Ansxoer. Yes. sir.
By Mr. Summer :
Question. IIow early in the evening did you know
of it?
Ansxoer. Some time after nino o'clock. I do not
know the -exact time, but it y^as after nine, I think.
By Mr. Trumbull :
Question. What kind of print was it? Was it a
folio print, or was it the ordinary Senate print,
octavo form ?
Ansxoer. I decline to answer that.
By the Chairman:
Question. As to all these questions "which you
decline to answer, I understand that you decline,
not on the ground that you cannot answer, but that
you refuse to answer them. Do you so understand ?
Ansxoer, Yes, sir; I guess that is it.
Mr. Trumbull, (to tho witness.) The object of my
question was to ascertain whether this copy was
ootaincd through the Senate. I wished to know
whether you obtained any copy of this treaty from,
or through the Senate in any way.
The Witness. I had decided, in case I was called
upon to swear to it, to answer that to my knowledge
or belief it was not obtained in any manner from a
member of the Senate or any officer of the Senate.
By Mr. Trumbull :
Queshon. So far as you know, it was not obtained
from the Senate in any shape or form?
Answer. It was not.
Question. "We have the means of knowing when
the Senate print was printed, and that woui d determ-
ine, perhaps, whether it was possible that the copy
sent by telegraph was taken from that, and I asked
you the question as to the form of the print with a
view to determine that matter. I understand you
decline to answer whether the print which you saw
was in the form that Senate documents usually are
printed, on octavo sheets, or whether it was printed
on different sheets. Do you decline to answer that
question ?
Ansxoer. Yes, sir; I do.
Mr. Trumbull, (to the witness.) I will say to you
what I said to a previous witness, that it may relieve
you of trouble to answer all questions so far as th«
Senate is concerned. This is an investigation as to
whether copies ot the treaty may ha.vebeenobtained
from Senators or anybody else. If it turns out that
the copy you obtained was not the Semite copy
other questions might arise; but, so far as the Sen-
ate is concerned, I think you, gentlemen, will have
to answer whatever proper questions are propounded
to you. The inquiry which X have piopounded is one
in reference to the print. You have already stated
that the copy you saw was in print. I have asked
you whether it was the usual form of Senate printed
documents.
The Chairman, (to tho witness.) And that ques-
tion you refuso to answer ?
The Witkess. At present I should decline to an-
swer it.
By Mr. Sumner:
Question. You know very well the difference be-
tween an octavo page, such as Senate reports and
documents are usually printed upon, [exhibiting to
the witness a Senate document,] and a. folio page of
large foolscap size?
-Yes, sir.
