1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
Mr. Sumner. Senate documents are always printed,
as you know, on an octavo page like that which I
have shown you, and documents from other quarters
are not invariably printed in that way. It is under-
stood that this document was printed under the
direction of the State Department on a large foolscap
page. Now, if your copy were on a large foolscap
page, that fact would furnish very strong reason for
believing that it could not have come from a Senator
or any Senate official.
Mr. Trumbull, That is, from our copy of it.
Mr. Sumnek. Yes, from our copy of it.
The Witness. Since your suggestion that I had
better see an attorney, Ishould like to considertbat
question. I do not want to put myself in a factious
position.
The Chairman. I have no doubt that you put
yourself in contempt of the Senate by refusing to
answer these questions, and any lawyer will tell you
so. You cannot set up any theory of honor on your
part to resist the investigation of the Senate.
The Witness. I can set up, if you will excuse
me, my own opinion ot right and wrong.
The Chairman. Certainly, and take the conse-
quences.
The Witness. Of course, if I do that, I expect
to take the consequences.
H. J. liamsdell recalled:
The Chairman, <to the witness.) The committee
have considered the matter of your refusal to answer
certain questions which were put to you before,
and the committee are unanimously of opinion that
you are bound to answer the questions; and if you
still persist in your refusal the committee will hold
it to be its duty to report the fact to the Senate,
that proceedings may be taken there to punish you
for contempt. I make these remarks only for the
purpose of explaining to you fully the circumstances
under which we recall you, and put to you again
the questions, so that you may understand exactly
your position and the consequences that attach to it.
Having made this explanation, I now ask you, as
I did before, from whom tho printed copy of what
purports to be the treaty of which you have spoken
was obtained?
The Witness. That I shall decline to answer.
Question. Do you still refuse to answer?
Answer. Yes, sir; I refuse, if you so esteem it.
"Declino" is the word I as«d, however.
Question, By that you do not mean to say that you
cannot answer the question, but that you will not
answer it?
Answer. Yes; I decline to answer.
Question. Do you decline on the ground that you
are unable to answer?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you come here to this examination
with the fixed purpose in your mind of not answer-
ing any question that should reveal the source from
which that copy of the treaty was obtained?
Answer. Not knowing what questions were to be
asked, I did not 
Question. That is not the inquiry. The inquiry
is whether you came to this examination with afixed
purpose not to answer any question that should draw
from you the source from which that copy of the
treaty was obtained.
Answer. Yes, sir; I suppose I did.
Question. So that you deliberately now, of your
own judgment, understanding the full circumstances
of the case, persist in your refusal to answer the
questions?
Answer. Y es, sir.
[Exhibit No. 3.]
United States of America,
Congress of thjs United States.
To John M. Morris, 3. II. 3?lagg, II. J. Ramsdell, Z.
L. White, Charles A. Tinker, Finley Anderson,
George W. Adams, Donn Piatt, Hon. J. C. Bancroft
Davis, greeting:
Pursuant to lawful authority, you are hereby com-
manded to appear before a select committee of the
Senate of the United States on the 15th day of May,
£871, at seven o'clock p. m«, at the committee-room
of the Committee on the Kcvi&ion of the Laws, in the
£euate wingof Capitol at Washington, then and there
to testily what you may know relative toth<3subject-
matters under consideration by said committee.
ilereof lad not, as you will answer your default
under the pains and penalties in such cases made
and provided.
To John It. French, S-ergeant-at-Arms of tho Sen-
ate of tho United States, to serve and return.
Given under my hand, by order of the committee,
this 13th day of May, A. D. 1871.
MATT. H. CARPENTER,
■Chairman of the Select Committee.
Washington, D. C., May 15,1871.
Made service of the within subpena by reading
the samo to each and all of the named witnesses
this day, between the hours of twelve in. aud four
o'clock p. m,
JOHN It. FRENCH,
Sergeant-ai-Arme United States denote.
The first resolution was agreed fco—yeas 42,
nays 15 ; as follows—the yeas and nays being
ordered on the call of Mr. Edmunds:
YEAS—Mes?rs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecti-
42d Oong. 1st Sess.—No. 54.
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghnysea,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitehcoelt, Howo, Kelly,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Trum-
bull, Windom, and Wright.—42.
NAYS-—Messrs. Blair, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Morton, Bice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Thurman,
Tipton, Viokers, and Wilson—15.
The second resolution was agreed to—yeas
38, nays 15; as follows—the yeas and nays being
ordered ou the call of Mr. Edmonds :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, l'erry of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Sawyer, Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton,
Trumbull, and Wriffht—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Morton, llice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Viok-
ers, and Wilson—15.
On the announcement of the latter vote
the doors were opened, and the Senate ad-
journed as above stated.
"Wednesday, May 17, 1871.
The Senate met at twelve o'clock meridian.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
claims of foreign subjects.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 10th instant,
a copy of reports made by Hon. William Whit-
ing, as Solicitor of the War Department, upon
claims made by the subjects of foreign nations
for damages in consequence of the war against
the rebellious States from 1861 to 1865 inclu-
sive ; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. Should not that be printed ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is sent here in
book form; or rather the message refers to
certain pages in a book already in type, which
is transmitted.
Mr. SUMNER. Is there not also some-
thing in manuscript?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
pages of manuscript. They will be ordered
to be printed, as a matter of course. As to
the document itself, the Chair did not suggest
its printing. If the Senator desires to have
extra copies printed he can submit a motion
to that effect.
Mr. SUMNER. As the pages referred to
there I presume are in the compilation of five
volumes relating to the Alabama claims, a work
that is accessible to very few persons, and as
only a limited number of copies was printed,
I should think those pages had better be printed
with the manuscript, for the use of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the pages of
the book referred to in this mesage be printed
with the message of the President.
Mr. MORTON. What is the book?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A compendium
prepared by Mr. Whiting, as Solicitor of the
War Department, of claims of foreign subjects
for damages dur.ing the rebellion, submitted
by the President in answer to a resolution of
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Is that book a public docu-
ment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. COLE. I do not see, then, what we have
to do with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The message of
the President refers to certain pages in the
volume submitted, being a volume prepared
by Mr. Whiting.
Mr. COLE. I do not see how that is going
to subserve any purpose of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is ob-
jection to the resolution to print it will be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there will be no
objection. Will the Chair be good enough to
say how many pages it is proposed to print ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reference is
to pages 356 to 389, inclusive, of this book,
being thirty-four pages octavo.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
will answer all the purposes of the Senate. I
was not aware that the document was in print.
I supposed it was in manuscript when I intro-
duced tbe resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator think it
is not advisable to print it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it is
already available.
Mr. CAMERON. We have a number of
copies of the five volumes mentioned by the
Senator from Massachusetts, and I think this
had better not be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The message of
the President, with the accompanying letter of
the Secretary of State, will be printed. If the
Senator from Massachusetts desires to iatVo-
duce a resolution for printing 
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir. It was the Sen-
ator from Vermont who introduced this order,
and I defer to him entirely.
The VICE PRESIDENTv The message of
the President and the letter of the Secretary
of State will be printed. No order to print tho
other matter communicated will be made at
the present time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, subsequently
said: I understand that the book now sent in
is a new edition, which contains the matter to
which my resolution was directed. That is
not in the old edition. I move, therefore, to
have the message and documents referred to
the Committee on Printing, that they may
inquire into the propriety of printing the mat-
ter contained in that volume.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont moves to refer the question of print-
ing the thirty-four pages contained in the book
Communicated by the President to the Com-
mittee on Printing, to ascertain the expediency
of printing them. If there be no objection it
will be so ordered. That order is made.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That Thomas L. Bacon have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the tiles of
the Senate.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After one hour spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened.
ohio river bridges.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 15th instant, the final
.report of the board of engineers appointed
under section five of act approved Jnly 11,
1870, to examine and report upon bridges
across the Ohio river; which, on motion of
Mr. Scott, was ordered to lie upon the table
and be printed.
recusant witnesses.
The Sergeant-at-Arms (Hon. J. R. French)
appeared below the bar with the persons of Z.
L. White aud H. J. Ramsdell, and said :
Mr. President, in obedience to the order of
the Senate, I have arrested Z. L. White and
H. J. Ramsdell, and now have them at the
bar of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
heard the report of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
What order shall be taken in the premises?
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I offer
a resolution, which I ask to have read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Z. L. White, now in the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms on an attachment for oon-
tempt in refusing to answer certain questions pro-
pounded to him while he was being examined as a
