1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
very serious. "We know very well how serious
in their consequences errors of boundaries
between adjoining States have proved to be;
not unfrequently they have led even to blood-
shed. I should greatly prefer to consult the
member of Congress from the State of Ne-
vada, who is in the other House, before this
matter is acted upon; and on the ground that it
is legislation, that it is unexpected legislation,
that it has not gone to any committee, that we
have nothing from the Land Office on which
to act, that it involves a question of gravity,
difficulty, and delicacy, I trust, if the Sen-
ator from Nevada will not withdraw it for the
present, that the amendment will be voted
down by the Senate and let U3 have the matter
brought forward in some proper shape.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may have a vote.
If not, I shall have to move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. NYE. This is a very simple question.
Tins line for a large portion of the way was
run in accordance with the directions of the
Land Commissioner. If the Senator from
California knows anything of the topography
of that country, he knows that there is a long
distance (one hundred or one hundred and
fifty miles) where there is no water to be
found; so that if the surveyor should have
varied a mile either way, that portion of the
country would be of no consequence either to
the State or the Territory, it would be like
self-righteousness; the more you had of it,
the poorer you would be. [Laughter.] Now,
it is simply a question whether this triangula-
tion over this waterless, barren waste there
shall stand. Nobody in Utah finds any fault
with it and nobody in Nevada finds any fault.
What we want, is a line, that is ail; and you
may as well put it in one place as another so
far as the value of the land or the population
is concerned, for it passes through a place
truthfully called Death's Valley, a place four
hundred feet lower than the level of the sea—
a strange phenomenon, and yet the fact exists.
It is the mouth of the great crater where no
human being can live unless lie carries his
provisions and water with him. Now, for
God's sake, let us have a line. This one is
near enough for practical purposes. I do not
care which side gets the advantage b.y it;
neither cares which gets the advantage; what
we want is the line.
Mr. POMEROY. IIow can there be any
settlements in such a country?
Mr. NYE. There are no settlers there.
Mr. POMEROY. Then what do you want
a line for?
Mr. NYE. 'There are settlers at both ends.
Mr. ANTHONY. W hy do yon want a line ?
Mr.NYE. We want a boundary line. There
are settlements at each end of the line, and I
have no doubt t'.ie purvey is as pccurate as
astronomical observations could have made
it. 1 do not see anything very startling about
this. I hope it will lie done. All Utah wants,
all Nevada, wants is an imaginary line.
My colleague has suggested that our elec-
tion, which in part resulted in the favor of the
friends of my friend from California, depended
011 the vole of 1he3e settlements; and it was
not declared until after the line was run. It
has been declared and declared in my friend's
favor on this triangulated line. I hope, there-
fore, it having served him so well, h<> will not
bo disposed to move it this wey or the other
way toward California. We want the line, and
1 hope the Senate will give it, to us. This is
the only opportunity we can have, and no one
knows at either end of the line whether they
should pay taxes to Utah or Nevada, unless
yoa adopt this amendment. The Senate do
not want to appropriate thirty or forty thou-
sand dollars mo-e to rerun that line, and it is
of no earthly use to do it. I hope it will be
disposed of now: i:. is a matter of greet im-
portance to the settlement both of Utah and
Nevada.
Mr. TH CJRMAN. I wish to ask my friend
from Nevada a question. This line appears to
have been run by a Mr. James.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. When was it run?
Mr. NYE. It commenced last October.
Mr. THURMAN. When was it completed ?
Mr. STEWART. About the 1st of February.
Mr. THURMAN. Is the line marked by
monuments all the way through ?
Mr. STEWART. There are marks.
Mr. THURMAN. There are no trees there
to be marked. I want to know if it is marked
by monuments ail the way through.
Mr. NYE. I suppose it is marked in accord-
ance with the directions of the surveyor. I
know nothing of surveying myself.
Mr. THURMAN. The organic act of Ne-
vada Territory prescribes the thirty-seventh
meridian of west longitude from Washington
as the eastern boundary line of Nevada, from
the Colorado river north to the forty-seeond
parallel of latitude. It makes that meridian
of longitude the eastern boundary. Of course
it ought to be actually ascertained. I do not
know but that this amendment to an appro-
priation bill might have the effect to so far
repeal that act as to make an inaccurate sur-
vey of a meridian of longitude the boundary.
Mr. NYE. Since the act of which the Sen-
ator speaks the eastern boundary of Nevada
has been brought one degree further this way.
Mr. THURMAN. Y'es; Nevada has got
one meridian further east, I understand, so
that her eastern boundary is the thirty-sixth
meridian of longitude now instead of the
thirty-seventh.
Mr. NYE. Yes.
Mr. THURMAN. Ido not wish to say that
it would not be a wise thing to approve this
survey that has been made if it is materially
correct. The objection that I made was that
we have not the facts before us and know
nothing of the case.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to say to the honor-
able Senator that I have just spoken with the
Delegate from Utah, and that he is entirely
satisfied with it, and has no doubt it is cor-
rect.
Mr. THURMAN. If they are agreed on all
sides, of course I shall not object. If my
friends are satisfied that the line as run and
marked is substantially correct I shall not
object, though I do not think this is the right
way to do business.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to protract
this discussion. The explanation of the Sen-
ator from Nevada farthest from mo [Mr. Nye]
must have suggested some things to tiieSenate ;
it certainly did to me. lie took the ground,
in his usual bland, good-natured, smooth way,
that there was no land there that was of any
consequence, none of any value.
Mr. NYE. Not where this triangulation
took place.
Mr. CASSE11LY. Precisely; that it was the
mouth of the crater and practically uninhabit-
able for man or beast. And yet one of the
reasons urged by the other Senator from Navada
[Mr. Stewaut] for adopting this triangulated
survey in place of the survey which was ordered
by the Government was that a State election
turned upon the number of votes that might
be found on the one side or the other of this
line, according as the triangulated line was
adopted or otherwise. Certainly, if that State
election could not be declared until this tri-
angulated line was ascertained there must
have been some people living there. ;
Mr. NYE. I want to say to the hororable |j
Senator that it is a fact, perhaps, that I am
more familiar with than himself that on the
northern portion of this line there are quite
heavy settlements and several mining camps.
When you pass the barren country of which I
spoke you find heavy settlements again : but
the intervening portion is barren. The set-
tlements are on the two ends of the line where
the population resides. This will save §10,000
to the Government.
Mr. CASSERLY. If theSenate understands
the explanation of the Senator from Nevada
it is more fortunate than I happen to be; at
least, understand it as clearing up the difficulty.
Ihe fact remains, as we all understood, tbat
three or four hundred votes depended on the
question of this boundary; and, of course,
that could not have been if the land was of
the character described by the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. NYE. I do not claim that the whole of
it is, but the inhabited places are at the two
ends of the line—very far apart.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is a little remarkable
if it should be so—I think my friend must be
mistaken—that just at the point where this dis-
obedience of instructions took place there is
nobody living and never could have been any-
body living, and the land is of no consequence
whatever.
Mr. NYE. I should like to take the hon-
orable Senator over it, and he would be con-
vinced of it very thoroughly. If compelled
to breathe the dust of the alkali plains he
would suffer great drought.
Mr. CASSERLY. I decline the hospitali-
ties to which the Senator invites me, assuming
them to be of the character which he describes.
But if he had given me an opportunity of see-
ing that country, then I should have had the
information which now he is ifot willing to
give me. or the Senate that I may obtain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on this amendment,
ami the Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—iilessrs. Anthony, Jil.tir, Brownlow.Ihiek-
ingh.ira, Cameron, Chandler,Cole, Conkline. Corbctt,
iYelinghuyscn, Gilbert, llamlin, Howe, Morrill of
^'Iaine, Nye.Ooborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sawyer. Seott,
bherman, Spencer. Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, Trum-
] bull, nnd "Wilson—27.
! N A V,-: O.ic -:-iv. tl,iyard,C.!S'ierly,Hamilton, Ilitoh-
i cock, Johnston, Kelly, jMornil of Vermont,, llam-
. soy, fia.ulsbury, Stockton, Thurnian, Vickcrs, and
! Wricrlir—W.
1 AJiSF.NT—Messrs, Aiper,Borernan, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Cooper, (Jrajrin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, X'Jchinmds, Pent on, Perry of Con-
necticut, Feiry oftMichigan, Flanagan, Harlan,
Jfill, KeUoirc:, Lewis, Lo^an, Morton, Patterson,
Pool, Ilicc, Robertson. Sehurz, Spraguc, Stevenson,
Y^est, and Winuom—JS.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I send
an amendment to the Chair.
Mr. S CE WART. I haveanotheramendment.
Mr AN Hi ON Y. 1 rise to a point of order.
1 consented that the regular order should be
laid aside, supposing that this bill would be
disposed of in an hour or two ; but it appears
that every Senator has three or four amend-
ments, and we are going to have all sorts of
legislation on it; and I now insist upon taking
up tlsc regular oider and disposing of it. It
ought to be passed to-day. That this bill can-
not be passed under three or four days I think
is evident
Mr. COLE. I think it can be passed to day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan is entitled to the floor ; but the
Senator from Rhode Island demands the reg-
ular order. winch was passed over.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think it my duty t.o call
it up because I see no chance to pass this bill.
Mr. COLE. I understood the Senator from
Rhode Island to give w.y till this bill should
be considered, anu passed.
Mr. ANTilONY. No.
Mr. COLE. I gave way for the Senator to
call up his resolution, in order that it might
succeed this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I will have no dis-
cussion with my friend from California. I will
waive my right, and move that the Senate post-
pone this bit! for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of that resolution. I am
willing to abide by the sense of the Senate on
the subject, but 1 think the resolution ought to
pass to-day, and this bill evidently cannot pass
to-day.
