850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
witness by a select committee of the Senate thereto
duly authorised, be arraigned .it the bar of the Sen-
ate. and that the President of the Senate propound
to him the following interrogatory:
1. '"What exeuse have you for not answering the
several interrogatories propounded to you by mem-
bers of the special committee of the Senate, before
which committee you were examined as a witness on
the 15th day of May instant?"
2. "Are you now ready to appear before said com-
mittee and answer all proper questions that may be
put to you by said committee?"
And that lie be required to answer the same, and
tha t the Secretary oj the Senate reduce his answers
to writing. And that said witness be first sworn by
the Vice President; that the Vice President then
propound to him the several interrogatories which
wore propounded to him by said committee, and
which ho refused to answer, as shown by the report
of said committee; and that the said witness be
required to answer the same, and that the Secretary
of the Senate reduce his answers to writing.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, in view
of the nature of this proceeding, and the fact
that the doors are now open, and it is to be
given to the country, I deem it due to the Sen-
ate and the committee to make a brief state-
ment of the present attitude of this proceeding.
jtfr. SUMNER, Mr. President, I would sug-
gest that seats be provided for the persons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
just requested the Doorkeeper to give chairs to
these persons at the bar during this debate.
[Seats were provided for Mr. White and Mr.
Ratnsdell without the bar, near the main door
of the Senate Chamber.]
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, it may-
be remarked in the first place that secrecy is
one of the prerogatives of human nature, one
of the essential conditions of success in all
mundane affairs. Two individuals meet to
negotiate a contract. Each thinks in secret
within himself and communicates to the other
only the results of his meditation, and so each
deals with the other, concealing his thoughts,
and expressing only his conclusions. When
a negotiation is had between two corporate
bodies, for instance, two railroad corporations,
the directors of one company desiring to pur-
chase another railroad, or obtain some satis-
factory arrangement with another company,
meet with closed doors, and after considera-
tion and the discussion of various subjects,
make their proposition to the o.ther company,
which in turn sits in secret, and makes its
counter-proposition, each communicating to
the other not motives, but conclusions.
In no other way could the ordinary business
transactions of life be carried on; and any cor-
poration, in the case supposed, which should
discover that the doorkeeper of its board of
directors had revealed to the members of the
other board what had taken place in such
secret conference would not only regard him
as a dishonored man, but would instantly dis-
miss him from its service, that being the only
punishment it could inflict.
In case of negotiations between two great
and powerful nations, as between the United
States and Great Britain, touching the rela-
tions and involving the consequences of peace
and war between forty million Americans
on one side and the entire population of the
British empire on the other, every sensible
man must know and feel that each party must
meditate in secret, within itself, and communi
cate to the other only the results of such med-
itation. The negotiations tending to such an
arrangement cannot be had in popular assem-
blies, nor be carried on through the press.
By the Blitish constitution all diplomatic
negotiations are carried on by the Crown, and
consequently, in secret. In this country this
function is vested in the President and the
Senate, and unless it is intended that in all
negotiations between us and Great Britain our
Government shall act at disadvantage, it is
indispensable that secrecy should attend all
consultations between the President and the
Senate, and that nothing but the result of such
conference should be communicated to Great
Britain ; because a publication to the people
of this country of the proceedings and discus-
sions of the Senate in executive session is
equally a publication to the people and Gov-
ernment of Great Britain.
In framing the Constitution of the United
States this fact was taken into account. In
article one, section five, it is provided :
"Each House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings,punish Its members for disorderly behavior,
and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a mem-
ber.
" Each House shall keep a journal of its proceed-
ings, and from time to timo publish the same, except-
ing such (parts as may in their judgment require
secrecy."
Those parts of our Journal which, in our
judgment, require secrecy it is as much our
constitutional duty to withhold from publica-
tion, as it is our duty to publish the residue.
The Senate has adopted certain rules in
pursuance of its constitutional powers and
intended to answer this purpose. They are
Rules 18, 39, 40, 41, and 50, which I ask the
Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"18. On a motion made and seconded to shut the
doors of the Senate, on the discussion of any busi-
ness which may, in the opinion of a Senator, require
secrecy, the Presiding Officershall direct the gallery
to be cleared; and during the discussion of such
motion the doors shall remain shut."
" 39. All confidential communications made by the
President of the United States to the Senate shall
be by the Senators and the officers of the Senate
kept secret, and all treaties which may be laid be-
fore the Senate, and all remarks and proceedings
thereon, shall also be kept secret until the Senate
shall, by their resolution, take off the injunction of
. secrecy; but this rule shall not apply to treaties with
Indian tribes, which shall be considered and acted
upon in open Senate, unless the same shall be trans-
mitted by the President to the Senate in confidence.
"40. All information or remarks concerning the
character or qualifications of any person nominated
by the President to office shall be kept a secret; but
the fact that a nomination has been made shall not
be regarded as a secret.
"41. When acting on confidential or executive
business the Senate shall be cleared of all persons
except the Secretary of the Senate, the principal or
Executive Clerk, the Sergeant-at-Arms and Door-
keeper, the assistant doorkeeper, and such other
officers as the Presiding Officer shall think necessary;
and all such officers shall be sworn to secrecy."
"50. Any Senator or officer of the Senate who
shall disclose the secret or confidential business or
proceedings of the Senate shall be liable, if a Sen-
ator, to suffer expulsion from the body, and if ail
officer, to dismissal from the servico of the Senate
and to punishment for contempt."
Mr. CARPENTER. It is well known that
subsequently to the assembling of the Senate
in its present session the New York Tribune
published a substantial copy of a treaty re-
cently negotiated between this country and
Great Britain. This publication was made in
utter and flagrant disregard of the policy of
this Government and the rules of the Senate
upon that subject made in pursuance of the
Constitution in that behalf. It thereupon
became the duty of the Senate to investigate
the manner in which such publication had
been made.
The power of the Senate in regard to such
investigation is undoubted in a twofold aspect.
In the first place, the Senate may inquire how,
when, in what manner, and under what cir-
cumstances, and by whom such publication
was made, for the purpose of dealing with any
offending Senator, if any has offended, or with
any officer of the Senate who has been delin-
quent; and, apart from the purpose of punish-
ment, the Senate has the undoubted right,
which is inherent in every legislative body, to
investigate any matter or thing which may call
for legislation, to investigate the conduct of the
officers of any departmentof the Government,
to determine whether any legislation be neces-
sary to prevent similar misconduct in the future.
The power of the Senate being full and
ample, we.are informed by the report of the
committee, from which the seal of secrecy has
been removed, that on the 12th day of May,
1871, the Senate adopted the following resolu-
tion :
"Resolved, That a select committee of five Sena-
tors beappointedby the Chair, who shall investigate
how and by whom the treaty known as the treaty
of Washington mid other recent proceedings of the
Senate in executive session were made public, and
that said committee have power to send for persons
and papers."
It will be seen, Mr. President, that the res-
olution is very broad, directing the committee
not merely to investigate the conduct of Sen-
ators and officers of the Senate in this partic-
ular, but to inquire into a fact, namely, how
and by whom the treaty was made public.
As I have said, the power of the Senate to
institute this inquiry may be rested upon either
of two grounds: first, as a foundation for dis-
ciplining its own offending members ; or, sec-
ond, with a view to the enactment of such laws
as may be necessary to restrain the officers and
clerks of the State Department from publish-
ing any paper or other secret resting in that
office.
My friend from New York [Mr. Conkling]
also suggests that the Public Printer is elected
by us. If through him or any employ6 of his,
or through any mismanagement in that office,
this confidence has been divulged, we ought to
deal'with them, or at all events we might be
called upon to pass laws which would punish
any such improper conduct in that depart-
ment hereafter. And, as my friend also sug-
sts, they ought to be exonerated if they
have not been guilty.
This investigation is, therefore, not only
within the clear power of the Senate, but is
dictated by the propriety of the case, and the
desire to vindicate those Senators who are
innocent—and I hope they all are—and to
punish those who are guilty of any irregularity,
if such there are ; and so of the officers of
the Senate, and so of the Public Printer and
liis employes ; and to lay a foundation, if it is
necessary, to pass laws which may regulate
such transactions hereafter in the State Depart-
ment, or more extensively, if it shall be found
necessary.
There are two acts of Congress material to
this inquiry, and I will ask the Secretary to
read, first, the act of Congress found in the
eleventh volume of the Statutes-at-Large,
page 155, an act in three sections.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"An Act more effectually to enforce the attendance
of witnesses on the summons of either House of
Congress, and to compel them to discover' testi-
mony.
'\JJe it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any person summoned as a witness
by the authority of either House of Congress to give
testimony or to produce papers upon any matter be-
fore either House, or any committee of either House
of Congress, who shall willfully make default, or who,
appearing, shall refuse to answer any question
pertinent to the matter of inquiry in consideration
before the House or committee by which he shall be
examined, shall, in addition to the pains and pen-
alties now existing, be liable to indictment as and
for a misdemeanor, in any court of the United
States having jurisdiction thereof, and on convic-
tion, bhall pay a fine not exceeding 31,000 and not
less than $100, and suffer imprisonment in the com-
mon jail not less than one month nor more than
twelve months.
"Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no person
examined and testifying before either House of
Congress, or any committee of either House, shall
be held to answer criminally in any court of justice,
or subject to any penalty or forfeiture for a.ny factor
act touching which he shall be required to testify
before either House of Congress or any committee
of either House as to which he shall havo testified
whether before or after the date of this act, and that
no statement made or paper produced by any wit-
ness before either House of Congress, or before any
committee of either House, shall be competent testi-
mony in any criminal proceeding against such wit-
ness in any court of justice; and no witness snail
hereafter be allowed to refuse to testify to any fact
or to produce any paper touching which he shall be
examined by either House of Congress, or any com-
mittee of either Houso, for the reason that his testi-
mony touching such fact or the production of such
paper may tend to disgrace him or otherwise render
him infamous: Provided, That nothing in this act
shall beconstrued to exempt any witnessfrom prose-
cution and punishment for perjury committed by
him in testifying as aforesaid.
" SEC. 3. And be it further enacted. That when a wit-
ness shall fail to testify, as provided in the previous
sections of this act, and the facts shall be reported
to the House, it shall be tho duty of the Speaker at
the House or the President of the Senate to certify
the fact under the seal of the Houso or Senate to the
district attorney for the District of Columbia, who.-e
duty it shall be to bring the matter belore the grand
jury for their action.
"Approved January 24, 1857."
; Mr. CARPENTER. The second section of
