144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
Mr. COLE. O110 word. I hope the Senate
will not undertake to load down this appro-
priation bill further. They must know that
they will have to send it to a conference com-
mittee, and that a conference committee will
dispose summarily of most of their atoend-
ments, of all that are not meritorious. It is
impossible for the House to agree to them in
the way we are putting them on. I merely
suggest that to Senators.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with th.e
Senator from California on that point; but
every Senator here has an amendment, and
some have three or four; and to act on them
takes just as long as if the action might amount
to something and there was some chance of
the House agreeing to them.
Mr. POMEROY. A motion to postpone, I
believe, involves the merits of the bill to be
postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to say to the Sena-
tor from California that it has become quite easy
for a committee of conference to judge of what
is meritorious and of what is not. We have had
a little too much legislation in that direction,
as it seems to me. The Senate are to judge
what is meritorious and what it is proper to
put on an appropriation bill; and if we have
got to commit our legislation to a committee
of conference composed of three men who re-
cede from everything the Senate desires, it is
quite time that the Senate understood what are
the powers and duties of a committee of con-
ference. The Senator says this bill will go
into the hands of a committee of conference
and the committee of conference will knock
off everything that is not meritorious, as if
they were the judges of what is meritorious.
It is the duty of a committee of conference
on the part of the Senate to sustain the Senate.
It is not the duty of a committee of conference
to recede from amendments put on by the
Senate. They are appointed and constituted
by the Presiding Officer, so as to sustain the
votes of the Senate, and it is their duty to sus-
tain the votes of the Senate; and not because
they may have privately some objection to an
appropriation, when put upon the committee
of conference, to recede in advance. It is the
duty of a committee of conference to sustain
the action of the Senate. They arc constituted
for that purpose, and no report of theirs should
be considered or accepted by the Senate where
they in wholesale recede.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Kansas is
as well aware as any Senator of the fact that
the House of Representatives will not concur
in the volume of amendments that are proposed
and likely to be adopted on this bill; and if so,
as I said 
Mr. POMEROY. I call theSenator to order.
He has no right to state what the House will
do or will not do to influence legislation.
Mr. COLE. Wo can judge from what they
have done already.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has no right
to appeal to the action of the House to influ-
ence legislation here.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Chair whether
I have the right to call up the resolution with-
out a vote of the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Rhode Island unquestionably, by the usage of
the Senate, has the right to demand that the
regular order shall be called up. The regular
order at one o'clock was the appropriation bill.
CIpon a suggestion of the Senator from Rhode
Island it was informally passed over—and his
resolution was taken up which had been inform-
ally parsed o~er yesterday. He then stated
that he would yield informally to have the
appropriation bill taken up. Whenever a Sen-
tor has business before the Senate and yields
informally, the other matter is subject to a
demand for the regular order at any time ; but
when the resolution is up, as it is up if the
Senator from Rhode Island demands it, the
Senator from California can move that it be
postponed for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of the appropriation bill. The
resolution is now up by the demand of the
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia chooses to take the responsibility of
moving to postpone this resolution I prefer
that he should do so. I think it my duty to
call up the resolution ; and if I have a right to
do so, it is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
by the usage of the Senate the right to do so.
Mr. COLE. It is now only three o'clock;
and I hope we can get through with this appro-
priation bill in a short time, and I will make
an appeal to Senators to forego these amend-
ments, which I presume many of them may
not really expect 
Mr. POMEROY. The appropriation bill
is not before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not; but
the Senator from California can move to post-
pone the resolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island for the purpose of proceeding with its
consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. Nothing can bo spoken
of then in order but the question to be post-
poned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true.
The Secretary will report the resolution offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island.
message fkom the iioosje.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the Househad passed the bill (S. No. 244)
relating to condemned camion for a cemetery
at San Francisco.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lution ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
A bill (H. R. No. 182) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to determine the mate-
rial, devices, &e., of stamps required by the
laws relating to internal revenue;
A bill (H. R. No. 181) to establish certain
post routes in West Virginia; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) to extend
the provisions of section twenty-one of the act
approved July 17, 1862, to aliens who have or
may enlist in the naval and marine service.
business of me session.
The Senate proceeded to consider the follow-
ing resolution, submitted by Mr. Anthony on
the 13th instant:
Revolved, That the Senate will consider at the pres-
ent session no general legislation, except such as
relates to the suppression of disorder and the pro-
tection of life and property in the several Stater.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Stewart, which was to strikeout
the word "general " before "legislation."
Mr. ANTHONY. I have an amendment
to offer. I send to the Chair a substitute, strik-
ing out all after the word " resolved."
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion will be on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada, to perfect the original resolu-
tion. Does the Senator from Nevada insist
on the amendment?
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island now offers a substitute for the
resolution, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Rexolved, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency bill, the concurrent resolution for a
joint committee to investigate into the condition of
the States lately in insurrection, and the resolution
now ponding instructing the Committee on the Ju-
diciary to report a bill or bills that will enable the
President and the court-? of the United States to
execute the laws in said States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There having
been no amendment to the original resolution
and no vote upon it, the Senator from Rhode
Island can modify his resolution, and he mod-
ifies it as now reported_ by the Secretary, and
the question is on agreeing to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I must object to that res-
olution in its present form. There is a bill on
the Calendar to which I have more than once
called attention, second to none in importance,
to secure equal rights throughout this country.
Are Senators willing to ignore this bill ? Are
they willing to adopt a resolution which shall
prevent even its consideration ? I hope not.
I know of no measure of greater practical
value, nor one more important in closing our
great measures of reconstruction. We are
seeking to establish the principles of the Dec-
laration of Independence throughout the coun-
try. Will you hesitate now to place the cap-
stone upon what you have already done ? So
long as this bill or some equivalent measure
fails of adoption, our work is incomplete. I
ask you to complete the edifice. Are you
willing to go homo and leave what you have
done unfinished? Will you not consider a
measure which is in entire harmony with what
you have already done, and which is essential
to complete the work? I can see no ground
for hesitation. Have we not time? In abun-
dance. Who is there that wishes to go home
and leave this duty undone? Let him answer
by his vote.
This bill appears sufficiently in its first sec-
tion, which is as follows:
That all citizens of the United States, without
distinction of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, are entitled to the equal and impar-
tial enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by common car-
riers, whether on land or water, by inn-keepers, by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusement, by trustees, com-
missioners, superintendents, teachers, or other ofii-
cers of common schools and other public institutions
of learning, the same being supported or authorized
by law, by trustees or officers of church organiza-
tions, cemetery associations, and benevolent insti-
tutions incorporated by national or State authority:
and this right, shall not be denied or abridged on any
pretense of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude.
The object of this section is to open to all
persons, without distinction of color, those
opportunities, privileges, societies, institu-
tions which have the sanction of law, which
depend upon law, which depend upon State or
municipal authority. It is on this ground that
the bill proposes to apply a remedy. It says
that the common carrier, whether on land or
water, whose rights, as you know, are determ-
ined by law, shall not exclude any person on
account of color ; that no keeper of a hotel,
whose rights are derived from law, slioll ex-
elude any person on account of color; that no
lessee of any theater or place of amusement,
whose privileges are all derived under law,
shall exclude any person on account of color;
and so on, making it an offense for any per-
sons in these different conditions to exclude
on account of color.
The bill then proceeds with the machinery
in order to enforce this provision. This will
be found in the second section, as follows:
Sec, 2. That any person violating the foregoing
provision, or aiding in its violation, or inciting
thereto, shall for every such offense forfeit ami pay
the sum of §5U0 to the person aggrieved thereby, to
bo recovered in an action on the cose with full
costs, and such allowance for counsel fees as the
court shall deem just, and shall also for every such
offense be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof shall bo fined not le«s than
$5UL) nor more than §l,0t'i), and shall be imprisoned not
less than thirty days nor more than one year; and
any corporation, association, or individual holding a
charteror license under national or State authority
violating the aforesaid provision, shall, upon con-
viction thereof, forfeit such charter or license, and
any person assuming to use or continuing to act
under such charter or license thus foi felted, or
aiding in the same, or inciting thereto, shall, upon
conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall be lined not less than $1.0J0
nor more than C-5,000, and shall be imprisoned not
less than three nor more than seven years; and both
the corporate and joint property oi such corporation
or association, and the private property of the sev-
eral individuals eompo&incr the same, shall be held
liable for the forfeitures, fines, and penalties incurred
by any violation of the first section oi this ael.
I may remark here that this section has been
thesubject of agood deal of criticism and study
