1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
that act was amended by the act of January 24,
1802, which I will ask the Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"An Act amending the provisions of thesecond sec-
tion of the act of January 24, 1857, enforcing the
attend ance of witnesses before committees of either
House ot Congress.
''Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Hepre-
sentathesof the United States of America in Congress
•assembled, That the provisions of the second section
ot the not entitled 'An act more effectually to enforce
the attendance of witnesses on the summons of either
House of Congress, and to compel them to discover
testimony,' approved January 24,1S57, be amended,
altered, and repealed, so as to read as follows: that
the testimony of a witness examined and testifying
before either House of Congress, or any committee of
either House of Congress, shall not be used as evi-
dence in any criminal proceeding against such wit-
ness in any eourtof justice: Provided however, That
no official paper or record, produoed by such witness
on such examination, shall be held or taken to be
included within the privilege of said evidence so to
protect such witness from any criminal proceeding
as aforesaid; and no witness shall hereafter be allowed
to refuse to testify to any fact, or to produce any
paper touching which he shall be examined by either
Houseof Congress, or any committee of either House,
for the reason that his testimony touching such fact,
or the production of such paper, may tend to dis-
grace him or otherwise render him infamous: Pro-
vided, That nothing in this act shall be construed to
exempt any witness from prosecution and punish-
ment for perjury committed by him in testifying as
aforesaid.
"Approved January 24,1862."
Mr. CARPENTER. These statutes being
in force, and this committee proceeding under
the resolution which I have read, Mr. Z. L.
White, whose case is now under consideration,
having been subpenaed, appeared before the
committee, and having been duly sworn by the
chairman, was examined in relation to the
matters included in this resolution. The par-
ticulars of his examination are sufficiently
though briefly stated in the report of the com-
mittee, which I will ask the Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
In pursuance of said resolution the said commit-
tee met in the Capitol on the 15th day of May, A. D,
1871, at seven o'clock p. m., and one Z. i. White,
who had been duly subpenaed as a witness to appear
before said committee, then and there appeared and
submitted to beexaininedas awitness, and wasduly
ewornby thechairman of said committee. He was
shown a copy of the Tribune, a newspaper printed
in the city of New York, of the date May 11,1871.
lie stated that he was a correspondent of that paper,
and that what purports to be a copy of the said treaty
in said paper was transmitted by him to said paper
for publication on the night of Wednesday, May 10,
1871; that the same was transmitted to said paper
train the city of Washington by telegraph; that he
obtained the copy which he so transmitted at about
ten o'clock in the evening of May 10,1871. The wit-
ness was then asked, but refused to state, when,
where, and from whom heobtained said copy, which
he transmitted as aforesaid, resting his said refusal,
not upon inability on his part to answer said ques-
tion, hut upon the ground that he was under honor-
ary obligation not to answer the same.
The witness was then directed to retire, and after
consultation your committee, being unanimously of
opinion that the questions which he had refused to
answer were proper questions, and that the witness
was under obligation to answer the same, the said
witness was recalled, and having been informed by
the chairman of tho opinion of the committee, and
admonished that it was his duty to answer, thechair-
man of the committee asked the said witness this
question:
" From whom did you obtain the printed copy of
what purports to be the treaty spoken of by you,
which you transmitted to the New York Tribune,
and which you have stated you received and trans-
mitted at about ten o'clock p.m. of Wednesday, May
10.1871?"
This question the said witness refused to answer,
and stated that he retused, not because he was un-
able to answer it, but on account of his professional
honor, and stated that by his " professional honor"
he meant that whenever he received any item of
news, unless hehad the permission of the gentleman
or person who furnished it tp him, ho considered it
an honorable thing that he should not divulge the
source of such news, and gave no other reason for
his refusal. Said witness White also testified that
be came to said examination with a fixed purpose
not to divulge the source from which he obtained
the treaty.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, having
shown the power of the Senate to institute this
investigation, the pending resolution which
commands the witness to answer the questions
put to him by the committee, and which ques-
tions are conceded to be pertinent, must be
adopted, unless the ground upon which the
witness rests his refusal to answer be a valid
oue. By the common law a witness may refuse
to answer any question in a judicial proceeding
where his answer would criminate himself,
and, according to some authorities, where his
answer would disgrace him and render him
infamous. But in view of the importance of
legislative investigations, and because the rights
of an individual must yield when they conflict
with the rights of the public, the act of Con-
gress has provided that awitness called before
a committee of either House of Congress shall
not interpose this privilege, but that he shall
answer any question, though the answer may
tend "to disgrace him or render him infa-
mous ; " the act providing, however, that such
testimony shall not be used in any criminal
prosecution against him. In other words, the
act of Congress deprives a witness in such case
of all privileges secured to him by the common
law, and compels him to answer every perti-
nent question without regard to the effect of
his answer upon his own reputation.
The pretense upon which the witness refused
to answer the questions put to him by the com-
mittee is that being a correspondent of a pub-
lic newspaper, and having received a com-
munication in confidence, he is not at liberty
to disclose it. The consequence of this prop-
osition is that the privilege of a newspaper
correspondent overrides the Constitution of
the United States and the acts of Congress
passed in pursuance thereof, which by the
Constitution itself are declared to be the
supreme law of the land.
The Senate has but two courses to pursue.
It "must either go forward and compel obe-
dience to its order by such proceedings as may
be necessary to accomplish that purpose, or
it must confess that it lacks the courage to
enforce its own rules and compel obedience
to the acts of Congress upon the subject.
It will be observed that by the act of Con-
gress which has been read Mr. White's refusal
to answer the questions put to him by the
committee is a misdemeanor punishable by
fine of from one hundred to one thousand dol-
lars, and imprisonment from one to twelve
months, in the discretion of the court. It is a
well-settled principle of law that in cases of
misdemeanor the distinction which exists in
cases of treason and felony between principal
and accessory does not obtain. Every one
who counsels another to commit a misde-
meanor; every one who employs another to
commit a misdemeanor, or renders him aid
and comfort in committing it; every one who
promises another in case he shall commit a
misdemeanor to pay him double wages while
suffering punishment for his offense, commits
a misdemeanor himself, and is amenable to
punishment as a principal. In view of this
undoubted principle of the law it is refreshing
to read an editorial in the New York Tribune
of yesterday which is addressed ex cathedra
from the sanctum of the editor to the Senate
of the United States, to which every Senator
is expected to give heed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
New York Tribune of May 16, 1871:
" Information for the Senate,—The honorable Sena-
tors whoso solemn discussion as to whether the pub-
lic should be permitted to know the details of the
most important State document we have had in
reccnt times was cut short by the Tribune's publica-
tion of the document in fall, have been laboring over
the problem of how the Tribune did it. They were
yesterday promptly and cheerfully informed that no
Senator or officer of the Senate had communicated it,
and at that precise point their information stopped.
They consulted and threatened, but gotnothing more.
We can impart to them a secret. They will gotnoth-
ing more. They may attempt the absurdity of extort-
ing answers concerning points involving neither any
Senator nor any officer of the Senate, btR they will be
steadfastly met with point-blank refusal to answer.
They can imprison our correspondents in Washing-
ton, in which ease we shall simplv double their sal-
aries during tho term of imprisonment, and fill their
places with others at least as active.
"The Senate may as well learn one thing, without
further making itself ridiculous by impotent fault-
finding about a publication which the whole country
approves. It is not our business to keep the secrets
of the Government, but to publish the news. If the
Government can't keep its own secrets, we do not
propose to undertake for it thecontract. Theredoes
not live in Washington tho officer, high or low, who
can honestly say the Tribune ever roccived from him
m confidence any document or verbal or written
statement of any sort which it betrayed; and no
man bettor knows this fact than the head of tho
Department most affected by our publication of the
treaty of Washington. But when news comes to
us, and no public interest seems to us imperilod,
we print it. If public officers or others cannot keep
their secrets from becoming news, wo arc very likely
to bo tho first to print what every nowspaper in the
United States is clutching to get, and every Senator
and Department officer as eager to buy. The Senate
has it in its power still further to advertise this pro-
pensity of ours—that is all. And so, gentlemen, wo
wish you joy of your task 1"
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the peo-
ple of the United States are sovereign, and
to their will every department and officer of
the Government must yield obedience. But
the question remains, how is that will to be
ascertained? Prom the Constitution of the
United States and the laws passed in pursu-
ance thereof, or from the editorials ofthe New
York Tribune ? If we consult the Constitu-
tion and laws we learn that the people desire
that a treaty, while under consideration by this
Government, shall remain secret. If we con-
sult the Tribune we learn exactly the reverse.
Now, sir, what is the rule and chart of our
conduct? The Constitution and laws, or the
New York Tribune? Are we sworn to sup-
port the Constitution or to obey the Tribune ?
Now, Bir, I did not request the reading of this
article for the purpose of making it the founda-
tion of any attack upon the press; nor is this
proceeding an attack upon the press.
The Senate being of opinion that a wrong
has been committed by the publication of this
treaty, determines that an investigation ought
to be had to ascertain the guilty parties, and
it orders a committee to make that investiga-
tion. But t.he correspondents of the New
York Tribune determine that it ought not to
be made; and more, that it shall not be made.
The Senate stands to day face to face with
Z. L. White upon this question. The Senate
says there shall be an investigation. Mr. White,
backed by his principals, says there shall not
be. He says, "I know the fact you desire to
learn, but 1 will not state it. True," he says,
"the act of Congress compels me, but I will
disregard the act and defy your authority."
His principal pronounces the proceedings of
the Senate to be ridiculous, and promises
double wages to its correspondent while he
shall suffer imprisonment for his disobedience
to the law; and, snapping his fingers in the
face of the Senate, he wishes it joy in its vain
attempt to enforce the law against a corres-
pondent of the New York Tribune.
It has been said that in England the press
is the fourth estate of the realm. Sir, if this
Senate, in the face of these facts, at the dic-
tation of this paper, is to stop these proceed-
ings, then in this country the press is the first
and the only estate of the Republic; your
Constitution, your laws, the rules of your body
are of no use longer, and never need be con-
sulted. When a man is to fix his duty in any
relation of life he does not look to the Con-
stitution, nor the laws, nor the rules of this
body ; but he looks to the editorials of the New
York Tribune, and what the Tribune says he
follows; and if you attempt to enforce the
laws the Tribune wishes you joy of tho effort 1
Now, Mr. President, I have very little more
to say on this subject; but it seems to me,
and I have no doubt it is the opinion of every
Senator present, that no matter what unpleas-
ant consequences may come of this transaction
to this man White, whether he may have the
pleasure of languishing in prison at double
salary or not, and whether he shall stay there
two weeks or forty years, if his life shall be
lengthened to that extent, is of small conse-
quence compared with the obligation iaid upon
us by our oaths to execute this duty imposed by
the Constitution and the laws of the country.
If this resolution shall be passed, and he
shall still be contumacious, the Senate will
undoubtedly order him to the common jail.
