1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
Brooks. Buckley. Buffintoii.Burchard.Burdett, Ben-
jamin 1'. Butler, Roderick E. Butler, Clarke. Conger,
Cuok, Cotton, Creely, Dc Large, i>oima,n, i>unnell,
Thames, Klliori, Parwell, FinkelnlHirg', Charles Fos-
ter, Frye. Garfield, Halo, Ilalsey. Hauner, George E.
Harris, Havens, liawley, Hay, (Terry W. Hazlejon,
John Y/\ liazleton, XXiU, 11 oar, Hooker, Kolley, Ken-
dall. Keteham. Lamport, Lansing. Lynch, Maynard,
McCrary, McGiew. Mejunkin, Mcrcur, Men-iam,
Monroe, Mooie, Morpliis. Orr, Packaid, Packer,
Palmer, Parker, Peek. Perce. Piatt, Porter, Prindle,
llamey, Ellis II.Robeits. llu^k, Sawyer, Soeley,Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Slielhtbarger, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Spoer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton. Stovvell, St. John, i
Thomas, Washington Townsecd, Twichell. Tyner,
"Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Vv'ails, U'liiteley,
Willanl, Wil lia ms of Indiana, Jeremiah il. Wilson,
ami -John T. Wilson—93.
IvOL' YOTOU—Mc. rs. Ames, Barry, Cobb, Co-
bain, Coining.), LJuiiall, Dawes, Dickey, Uticll,
Virnsworth, Porker, Gairetr, Goodrich, li.ildetnan,
Hanks, Hays, Killmger, Ktnsella, Lcach. Lowe,
McKee, Meiriek, ^Mitchell. Morey, Leonard Myers,
Kegley, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry. Peters, Poland,
Randall, Rogers, Scoiield, Shobcr, Shoemaker, Wor-
tliington C. Smith. Stevens. Sypher, Taffe, Turner,
L [t,v!in, W.iMcij, "Waa i-en, AVashburn, and Winches-
tet—13.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the regular order.
Mr. PLAT'JT. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw that cull for a few minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw his call in order that I may bring-
before the House a bill I introduced the other
day in relation to revenue stamps.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw the call until gentlemen can bring in
some bills which they desire to introduce,
NATURALIZATION.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce and have considered at this time a
joint resolution, and also to make a woid of
explanation in regard to it before it is read.
Mr. COX. If you explain it, you will lose
it. Let it be read.
Mr. PLATT. "Well, I ask unanimous eon-
sent to introduce for consideration at this time
a joint resolution to extend the provisions of
section twenty-one of an act approved July
17, 1S62, to aliens who have enlisted or may
enlist in the naval and marine service.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that section twenly-one of the actof July
17,1862, which confers the right of naturaliza-
tion on any alien who has enlisted in the armies
of the United States, and been honorably dis-
charged, shall be construed to include persons
who have enlisted or shall enlist in the Navy
or Marine corps of the United States who have
been or shall be honorably discharged, and to
extend to them the same privileges of natural-
ization as are by that section extended to aliens
who have enlisted or may enlist in the Army
of the United States.
Mr. MAYNAR.D. I think wo had better
consider this joint resolution somewhat before
we act upon it, because the soldiers in the
Army become citizens and live with us, whereas
those in the Navy are frequently mere sojourn-
ers and cosmopolites in every respect. It is
possible this joint resolution may be right, but
I think it had better be considered somewhat
befoie we act upon it.
Mr. PLATT. I ask that the law upon which
this joint resolution is based may be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sr.c. 21. And bo it furtlirr ennrte'I, That any alien,
of the ago of twenty-one years and upward, who lias
diluted or shall enlist m the armies of the United
States, cither the legularor the volunteer tor*, es, and
has been or -'hall be hereafter honorably discharged,
may be admitted to become a citizen of the United
State-', upon lus petition, wilhout any previous dec-
laration of his intention to beoomo a citizen "f the
United States, and that lie shall not be required to
prove more than one yeai's residence within the
united States previous to his application tu become
such citizen : and that the court admitting such alien
shall, in addition to such proof of residence and good
mora I character as is now provided by law, be satis-
fied by competent proof ot such person having been
honorably discharged from the service ol the United
States as aforesaid.
Mr. PLATT. That is a section of the act
of July 17. 1802. During the last session of
Congressj under a suspension of the rules, the
resolution I have offered was passed by this
House, but it did not reach action in the
Senate. It simply provides that the provis-
ions of the section which has been read shall
be extended to men who have served in the
Navy or Marine corps, and been honorably
discharged. It simply gives to men who have
served in the Navy the same privilege now
conferred by law upon men who have served
in the Army, and been honorably discharged.
That is all there is in the bill. A precisely
similar measure was passed in this House at
the last session under a suspension of the
rules, by an almost unanimous vote.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. Can the gentleman
state positively that the bill makes no other
change either in the language or the spirit of
the existing law than that which he has men-
tioned?
Mr. PLATT. I do so state.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. As the bill does
not come from a committee, we are of course
obliged to rely upon the statement of the mem-
ber introducing it.
Mr. PLATT. It did come from a commit-
tee at the last session.
Mr. MAYNAHD. This is too important
legislation to be passed without consideration
by a committee.
Mr. PLATT. It simply extends to men who
have served in the Navy the same privilege
now enjoyed by those who have served in the
Army.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. Does it place the two
classes upon precisely the same footing?
Mr. PLATT. It does.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution (II.
R. No. 32) will be considered as read a first
and second time. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Mayxaup,] as the Chair undei-
stands, moves that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary when appointed.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I am in favor of the
proposition, if its effect is what the gentleman
from Virginia states.
Mr. PLATT. It is exactly what I state.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the bill had
better go to a committee.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Maynard,] that the joint resolution be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary when
appointed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MAYNAHD. I wish it to be under-
stood that 1 objected to the bill being received
except for the purpose of reference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
so state. He got up and made an argument
against the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I gave the reason why
I objected to its being passed without refer-
ence to a committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman certainly
cannot expect to make a motion for reference
and on the failure of that motion have the
alternative power of objecting. Such a priv-
ilege has no existence under the rules.
Sir. MAYNARD. I was understood by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabaiiger]
precisely as I have stated; that is, I gave as a
reason for objecting to the immediate passage
of the bill the fact that it ought to be consid-
ered by a committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not yet
made in this Congress a ruling which he had
frequent occasion to make in the last Congress,
that v/here unanimous consent is asked for
the consideration of a bill, a gentleman rising
and debating the bill waives thereby all right
to object. The desire of the gentleman from
Tennessee to enter a motion to refer and at
! the same time reserve a right to object if the
j motion to refer should be negatived, cannot,
; of course, be recognized by the Chair.
| Mr. MAYNARD. If the Chair holds that
' a member has no right to state upon the record
j any reason why be objects  
The SPEAKER. The Chair does distinctly
so hold. If a member wishes to object he must
do so absolutely,
Mr. COX. Is this question open for debate ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Platt,] as the Chair understands,
proposes to call the previous question.
Mr. COX. I would like to say a word on
this subject. I support this bill because it is
an extension of our naturalization laws. It
extends to our sailors who have served the
country faithfully the same boon which has
already been granted to those who have served
in the Army. As I understand, it changes the
existing law in no other regard. I am very
well satisfied with this measure, especially since
the election in New Hampshire. It is proper
that our sailors, including those at the Ports-
mouth navy-yard, should receive from us the
welcome which belongs to them as men who
have faithfully served their country.
There has been a good deal of opposition
manifested on the other side of the House to
measures connected with our foreign relations
and our intercourse with other nations. The
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard,]
who makes this objection, is a Native Ameri-
can of the old stamp ; I will not say that he is
a Know-Nothing; bat he ought by this time,
in association with such intelligent and dis-
tinguished Republicans as yourself, to have
got lid of these old prejudices that have come
down from 185-1 and 1850. 1 understand that
the Republican party hits, in many regards,been
illuminated and liberalized.
Mr. PLATT. I thought the gentleman
wanted mv bill passed.
Mr. COX. I do want it. passed. I will vote for
it. I know it will he'p my friend fioin Virginia
at. the Norfolk navy yard. 1 hope he will urge
its passage, lie will have the help of this side,
and we are more than we were.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. And constantly increasing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I conceive from the re-
mark of the gentleman from New York that
I am a native American and no longer young,
if that is what he means by "a native Ameri-
can of the old sort." If he has any other
reference his remark is unsustained.
Mr. COX. I did not say that he was a
Know-Nothing, but he was one of the old
American party in the South.
Mr. MAYNARD. In my own State, be-
fore the war, under our uonstitution, the for-
eigner had to reside six months after he was
naturalized before he could be a voter. Under
the restored government, in which I had some
bumble part, that was changed so that the
foreigner who declared his intention to be-
come a citizen, could, after a residence of
twelve months, become a voter. That was
subsequent!}' changed by amendment to the
constitution, and no longer obtains.
But that is-no part of the merits of this meas-
ure. This bill proposes to treat a class of peo-
ple by analogy with legislation on the subject
ot soldiers, when there is really no analogy ex-
cept in appearance. The sailors of our Navy,
as well as of our commercial marine, are taken
from all quarters of the globe, wherever they
are to be found. They are employed during
the term of their enlistment, and then they
go wherever they may choose. They theu no
longer are connected with the Government.
They are no longer any part of our Navy. It
looks as though it was intended in reference to
some disputed controversy in some sea-port
town. It is a measure we ought, to guard with
some care, and therefore I have desired to have
it go to the Committee on the J udiciary for ex-
amination. For that reason I trust the House
will not pass it in this unusual mode of pass-
ing general legislation, which our experience
has shown to be a very unsafe and unwise
mode of legislation. I objected to the meas-
ure in the outset, and objected peremptorily,
and ray kind feeling-, for the gentleman from
Virginia have prompted me to give the reasons
for my objection. I hope the measure will
take tiic direction I have indicated.
