148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17.
Mr. PLATT. X renew my assurance to every
gentleman in this House that the resolution
offered by me does nothing in any way, shape,
or form, except to extend to the men who
have served in the Navy and been honorably
discharged the same privileges conferred upon
the men who have served in our armies. I do
not care to enter into any argument to demon-
strate the fallacy of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee when he says that the men who served
in our Navy are not as useful a class as those
who served in the Army. They are just as
good men, and make just as good citizens.
This resolution passed the House by a three-
fourths vote last session, after careful consid-
eration. I demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Yield to me a moment.
Mr. PLATT. If I yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin I must yield to others.
The previous question was seconded and the
| main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
filr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas lG-i, nays 8, not voting
51; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, AuiMnr, Aicher,
Arthur, Averill, Bunks', BcaUy, Bock, Bi?by, llisgs,
Bingrham, Bird, Auslm Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Oconto jU. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Butlin-
ton, liurchard, Beuj nnm I'1. Batter, Caldwell, Camp-
bell. Carroll, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Conner, Cook,
Cotton. Cox, Crcbs, Creeiy, Davis, Do L-irjte, Dotirtan,
l>ox, Bullose, Duke, Bunnell, Karnes, Eldridge,
Elliott, Ely, Einkelnluut:, Charles lu>sLcr, Krye,
Garfield, Garrcit, (ret'/., Gollad.iy, Griffith, iJalc,
llatsey, liainblHon. llandley, ll'irtner, Harper,
George E. Harri.-. John J1. HanK lla\ ens, llawtey,
Hay, (lorry W. Ua/leton, John W. liaxleton, llill,
Hoar,llolman, llooper, Kelley, Kendall,Kerr, ivirur,
Lamison, Lmmiurt, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Manfon,
Marshall, McCle.ltniid, jVlcCormick, MoCrary, Ale-
Grew, Helntyro, Mc.funkin, McKninoy. MeNeoly,
Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morgan, Nestley, -Niblack, Orr. Packard. Packer,
Palmer. Parker, Peck. Poire, Eli Perry, Plait, Po-
land, Porter, Potter, Price, R liney, Read, Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Rico, Ritchie. Ellis 11. Robeits,
William Jt. liobert.s, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sawyer, iScolield, ISes^ions, yiianks, Sheldon, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Shobcr, Slater, Sloss, 1L Board-
ma n tiinil.li, John A. Hnnth, Snyder, It. Mi'Uon
SE'eer, Thomas J. Spcer, Spraoaie, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, .Siow II, fc't. John, Sutherland, Swami,
Syplier, Teny, '1':i■ >:;i;, Du'iirht Townsend. Wash-
ington Towns-cud, Toi hill, 'i'.wicr, Vail Trump,
Vaugban, Yoorii"es, Waddcll, Wnkoman, Wald-n,
Warren. Wells. Wheeler, Whitthorrie. Willard, Wil-
liams of New Yolk, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson. Wood, and Youug—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Claiko, AJtrcur, Mornhis, Prin-
clle, Walrtron, Wallace, Walls, and Williams of
Indiana—8,
J\OX VOTING — Mes.rs. Ames, Barber, Barry,
James G. Blair, Bnrdott, Roderick R. Butler,
Ciucher, CrosJiand, Dairall, Bawc.s, JDickoy, Duel!,
Eaniswoith, Finvell, E'oker, llenry I). Foster,
Goodrich, JIaldenian, Ma.nks, Hays, Hereford,
Ketohain. Kill iru; or, K m.sella, Lansnw?, Lowe, Muy-
naid, Mellenry, McKee, Mouiek, Moore, Morcy,
Leonard Myers, Peuillcion, A::r.in J'\ Perry, Peters,
Randall, Hud:, Seoley, Mioemaker. Slocuin, Worth-
iiiKion C. ^imth, htei-eo-. Taitc, Turner, Twichcll,
Upson, Washburn, \vrhitelcy, and Winchester—51.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. PLATT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I.NTKU.NAL REViSSUB STAMPS.
Mr. KELLBY. I desire the consent of the
House to put upon its passage the bill (tl. II.
No. 182) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury and the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to determine the material, device,
Are., of stamps required by the laws relating to
internal revenue. This is the bill which I brought
to tbeattentiou of the liouse the day before yes-
terday, and which my colleague [Mr. Randall]
asked to have printed. It has been printed,
and was put on ihe files ye.'.tPtday. With the
consent of the House, 1 will slate briefly what
the bill propose:'.
Mr. 110LMAN. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It authorizes and empow-
ers the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to establish the form, character,
material, and device of, and to provideby eon-
tract or otherwise for, any and all stamps which
are or may be required under any of the pro-
visions of the laws relating to internal revenue,
and to make regulations for their use, safe-
keeping, and disbursement. And any person
being an officer of the United States who shall,
by virtue of his office, receive any such stamps,
and shall in any way misuse or misappropri-
ate the same, or any part thereof, shall be
liable on his official bond in the same manner
and to punishment to the same extent as if he
had misused or misappropriated a sum of pub-
lie moneys equal in amount to the value of
said stamps.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] desires that this billshall
be considered at the present time.
Mr. KERR. I do not propose to object to
that. I desire, however, to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. KELLBY. I shall be happy to answer
any question.
Mr. KERR. I desire to know whether the
.first part of the bill is not already law.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir. At present the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue himself
makes the contract for stamps ; and the style,
material, &c., of the stamps are determined
by law. It is found that the paper stamps are
very frequently utterly destroyed, and that they
can be easily lemoved fioin some of the articles
to which they are attached. It is thought that
perhaps a metallic stamp would do better in
such cases; and this bill is to give jointly to
the Secretary of the Treasury and the Com-
missioner of internal Revenue the power now
held by the Commissioner alone, and to give
them some latitude in selecting the material
and devices. It was passed by this House in
the last Congress, having been recommended
unanimously by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and was lost in the Senate only for
want of time. It. is a measure which has the
approval of both the Secretary and the Com-
missioner.
Mr. KERR. In the making of these pro-
posed contracts is any mode prescribed to
these officers in regard to advertising, or may
they contract without advertising?
Mr. KELLEY. The bill leaves the law in
that respect as it is now. I cannot state pre-
cisely what its terms are. The bill does not
affect that at all; but it puts the matter in the
hands of two officers instead of one.
Mr. KERR. I see no objection to that.
Only it seems to me that we ought, to provide
for advertising before contracts are made.
Mr. KELLEY. This is nota general revision
of the law.
Mr. NIBL AC K. This work, as I understand,
is for the most part done in the building of the
Treasury Department. Itis discretionary with
the Commissioner to have it done either in the
Treasury building or by contract, and it is
done partly by the Bank-Note Company and
partly in the bureau.
Mr. KELLEY. The present law is not dis-
turbed so far as that is concerned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Alassachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Pennsylvania allow rae to ask
him a question ?
Mr. KELLBY. Certainly.
Mr. BU fLER, of Massachusetts. I did not
hear the bill read, being out of the Hall at the
moment, and wish to ask if it contains ihe
same provision as to making the officer re-
sponsible as was contained in the bill of last
session ?
Mr. KELLEY. It provides fuller respons-
ibility in the case of any officer having charge
of these stamps, and it. doubles the guarantee
for integrity in making the contracts, by charg-
ing the Secretary of the 'Treasury with that duty
as well as the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. I believe it to be a wholesome bill iri
all its provisions, and one which is required in
consequence of defects in the existing law.
Mr. WOOD. I should like to hear the bill
reported again.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be again
reported.
The bill was again read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE ARKANSAS RIVER.
Mr. SNYDER. I ask unanimous consent to
call up from the Speaker's table and have put
upon its passage the bill (S. No. 215) amend-
atory of an act authorizing the construction of
a bridge across the Arkansas river.
The bill was read for information. The first
section provides that in case any bridge shall
be constructed under the act of which this is
amendatory as a draw-bridge, the same shall
be a pivot draw-bridge with a span of one hun-
dred and fifty feet in the clear on each side of
the center or pivot pier of the said bridge and
with four fixed spans of uniform length cross-
ing the remainder of the river. The said span3
may be placed at an elevation of thirty-sis feet
or more, but not less, above low-water mark,
measuring to the lower chord of the bridge.
The second section repeals all parts of the act
of which this is amendatory inconsistent with
this bill, provided that the said company shall
in no way be released from the provisions of
sections five and six of the act of which this
is an amendment; and provided further, that
if any change in the plan of the said bridge
shall ever be required by reason of its being
an obstruction to navigation such change shall
be made at the expense of the company, and
the United States shall never be liable in any
way for the same.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to reserve
the right to object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman who calls up this bill whether the
act to which this is an amendment relates to
any bridge whatever except to the one upon
the Arkansas 1'iver, because I see that the bill
repeals all parts of that act inconsistent with
the provisions of this bill?
Mr. SNYDER. 1 will state that this bill
has passed the Senate, and, as I understand,
was before Congress during the last session,
and failed for want of time. The exuet pio-
visions of the biil I am not familiar with ;
neither was I of the one of which this is amend-
atory. I received a request from Senator Rice,
of Arkansas, to call up the bill. I have not
had time to inquire into or examine its pro-
visions, but I supposed it had received due
consideration at the other end of the Capitol.
Mr. BINGHAM. For a right understand-
ing of the bill I ask that the act to which this
is amendatory be read by the Clerk.
Mr. CONGER. I shall object to the con-
sideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The objection is in time.
The right to object was reserved.
Mr. SNYDER. It is a local bill, and I did
not think there could bo any serious objection
to it.
It. II. LA5IS0N.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the consent of the
House to cali up from the Speaker's table the
biil (S. No. '202) authorizing the President to
withdraw his acceptance of the resignation of
R. II. Lamson, late lieutenant United States
Navy.
The bill was read for information. It author-
izes the President of the United Statps to with-
draw his acceptance of the resignation ot R.
II. Lamson, late lieutenant in the United States
Navy.
