854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
it. That will not do. The meaning of those
words I take to be this: that the act shall not
prohibit ua from proceeding against a party
as we are proceeding against these parties to
compel them to answer the question. That is
what it says, and that it is which distinguishes
this case from punishment. I admit that you
have a right to bring these gentlemen to the
bar of the Senate; I admit that you have a
right to confine them, and you have a right to
confine them as long as this session lasts unless
they sooner answer the question; but the reason
why you can do it is not that the confinement
is a punishment for the offense they have com-
mitted, but because it is a means of making
them answer the proper question that has been
put to them, and that is the whole of it.
Although in the olden times courts used to
punish witnesses for a contempt in not answer-
ing a question, and even keep them in prison
long alter the case was disposed of, the gen-
eral tenor of our modern decisions is that the
witness can only be confined until the case
lias been disposed of; that the confinement is
simply a means to compel him to give his testi-
mony. While, therefore, I admit in the broadest
sense your legal power to put these gentlemen
in prison and keep them in prison as long as
this session shall last, unless they shall before
thar, answer the question, I do deny that this
is a proceeding in its nature punitory for any
oft'imsc they have committed, but I say that
the whole object of it is, the whole foundation
for it is, that it is a means of compelling them
to answer a proper question which your com-
mittee lias addressed to them.
That being the case, this imprisonment being
simply a means to procure the ausvver which
you desire to have, then comes the practical
question whether or not it is likely to be suc-
cessful. I am not going to say, certainly in
the presence of these gentlemen and of the
world, that they will remain contumacious. I
•- hope they will not. I hope they will discharge
their duty and answer the question. I think
they ought to answer the question, and
although X can have some respect for the
esprit du corps, or principle of honor, as they
call it, winch makes them refuse to answer,
yet. they are entirely wrong in that, and they
ought to answer, and I hope they will; but
suppose tliey do not, what then? You want
to vindicate the dignity of the Senate. Sup-
pose they do not answer, and ten days hence,
when the Senate adjourns, you turn them out;
how, then, have you vindicated the dignity of
the Senate? IIow have you come out in this
battle with the press? You are simply beaten
then, and will be laughed at then more than
you will be laughed at now if you open the
doors to these gentlemen aud tell them, " Go;
depart in peace."
i sec no good, therefore, in this proceeding,
So far as moral guilt is concerned, we have
nothing to do with that; but this I must say in
their defense: while I do not admit the doc-
trine of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilkoa'] that there is nothing morally wrong
in a cil izen publishing to the world a treaty that
is under consideration in the secret session of
the Senate, while I think there is a moral
obligation that rests upon every citizen to do
that which under the Constitution and the laws
of the country the interest ol the country is
supposed to require, while I do .think that as
long as the Constitution and the laws of
the country require that we should consider a
treaty in seeretsession a good citizen ought not
to make it public without our leave, 1 say at
the same time that if there ever was a case in
which men had a palliation, almost a justifi-
cation, for publishing a treaty, it is this very
case. Why, sir, what have we seeu ? We
have seen the Secretary of State (for no one
has denied that it is his act) publishing before-
hand semi-officially a synopsis of this treaty ;
and who has complained of that? Who has
sought to bring the Secretary of State to the
bar of the Senate for publishing a synopsis of
this treaty in the official paper in this city, and
all over the country? And after that has been
done by the Government itself, who is there
that can say that any newspaper editor whatso-
ever, or any newspaper correspondent what-
soever has incurred any moral turpitude by
making the whole text of the treaty public, if
that has been done ? No, sir ; it would not do
at all. There has been no attempt to keep this
treaty secret. As I have said, the Secretary
of State has made a semi-official publication
of it. We have had it announced here to day
in the Senate that the President of the United
States was in favor of publishing the whole text
of the treaty, that the Secretary of State was in
favor of that publication, and now when that
was the temper in which the matter was to be
considered, it will not do to say that here has
been a heinous offense or any moral guilt in
the publication that has been made, ifindeed
the thing that has been published be the treaty.
But, as I said before, it is not the publication
which is before us. The question is simply,
what shall we do under these circumstances?
Shall we confine these men, in the hope that
we shall get from them answers to the ques-
tions that have been put to them? If we have
no such hope then their confiuement is simple
barbarity. Then we are bound, upon every
principle of justice, to turn them over to the
courts to punish them for the offense they have
committed, to give them a fair trial there
"before a court and a jury of their country-
men upon an indictment for the offense they
have committed, and not to undertake to pun-
ish them simply because we have the power to
do it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will ray friend allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senate, under
the circumstances of this case, (conceded
by my friend from Ohio to be a perfectly
clear case of contempt of the Senate, in the
disobedicnee of a witness to answer a proper
question, there being no excuse whatever for
that disobedience upon the naked case pre-
sented, by my friend's own admission,) should
refuse to proceed, I ask, if in any future invest-
igation which the Senate should order upon
any matter whatever a witness sliould refuse
to answer the first question, could auy Senator
have the face to send him to jail or to do any-
thing else with him? In other words, do we
■not, by refusing to adopt this resolution in this
bald case, as admitted by the Senator himself,
abdicate all power to investigate anything?
Mr. THURMAN. No, Mr. President, we
do not at all. If the Senate is determined to
keep these gentlemen here indefinitely in im-
prisonment, then let the Senate extend the
power of this committee beyond the session
and keep them here during the whole summer,
if that would be lawful. In some conversa-
tion I have had with a gentleman more expe-
rienced than I am in parliamentary law he
expressed some doubt whether they could be
kept in imprisonment under an extension of
the power of the committee to sit during the
vacation; but I do not moot that question.
Assuming that, is the Senate prepared to do
that; has the Senate any idea whatever of doing
that? I put it to the conscience and honor of
Senators, have they any idea of extending the
powers of this committee to sit during the
vacation and keep these men in prison until
next December? I do not believe a majority
of the Senate have any such idea at all. I
believe that the whole thing will turn out sim-
ply thus: it* these men are imprisoned, the
prison doors will be opened when this session
cuds if they should still remain contumacious;
and then I do say that neither the dignity of
the Senate, nor the Constitution of the coun-
try, nor the laws of the land will have been
vindicated in the slightest degree; but, oil the
contrary, the whole thing will have been almost
a ridiculous farce.
That is the way the thing seems to me, I
may be wholly mistaken about this matter,
but that is the way it seems to me ; and there-
fore, seeing no good that is to come of this,
while I want the man who gave this treaty to
the press to be found out, while I would be
glad that he should be found out, but seeing
no prospect of finding him out by that course
which you propose, I shall vote for the substi-
tute of the Senator from New York, although
that, I must confess, is not logically correct.
Why it is not logically correct every lawyer
knows, for it is siuaply leaving it to the witness
instead of the Senate to determine what is the
evidence that we ought to have.
Mr. CARPENTER. £>n the Senator's own
ground, if we are playing a farce, is not that a
worse farce than we should commit if we were
to let them out of jail at the end of the session ?
Mr. THURMAN. No; and I will tell the
reason for that: because if the committee had
put the questions which are contained in the
substitute of the Senator from New York, if
they had put their inquiry in that way, as com-
prehensive, reaching not only every Senator
but every secretary or clerk of a Senator, and
every member of his family, reaching every
officer of the Senate and every subordinate or
employ6 of the Senate and their families, too ;
if the committee had made as broad investi-
gation as that, then my friend might say to
me that that substitute was a farce. It is not
a farce now ; it asks for information that the
committee has not obtained.
Entertaining these views, Mr. President, I
shall vote for the substitute, although I do it,
I confess, with 
Why does my friend from Vermont laugh?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I laugh because my
friend has been a judge and knows what the
administration of justice is.
Mr. THURMAN. I know what the admin-
istration of justice is, and I know that one of
the first maxims of the law is not to do a fool-
ing thing. [Laughter.] Therefore, I would
stop.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish you would prac-
tice upon it now and then.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I shall not
speak as to the law of this case when gentle-
men so learned in the law differ so widely in
regard to it. I do not care anything about
the law of this case. I care nothing for the
assumed diguity of the Senate in regard to
this case when you bring it into contrast and
comparison with the rights of private citizens.
It was eloquently said by the Senator from
Wisconsin when he spoke of the diguity of
the Senate. Who cares for the dignity of the
Senate from the exhibition the Senate itself
makes of its magnificent dignity? [Laughter.]
But after that the Senator from Wisconsin,
with a fame for eloquence unbounded as the
nation 
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nebraska yield to the Senator from
Wisconsin ?
Mr. TIPTON. No, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. I only ask my friend
to let me off.
Mr. TIPTON. I cannot yield to the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin. The Senator from Wis-
consin is speaking and proceeding to anticipate
what the Senator from Nebraska was about to
say, and the Senator from Nebraska will not
yield to the Senator from Wisconsin. Con-
sidering that there are other opportunities
wheu there may be a display of eloquence equal
to that delivered on this occasion, and when
other questions are so often before the Senate
as to allow that full range of thought and that
power of ratiocination for which the Senator
is so famed, when there aie those occasions so
often, I have been astonished that on this occa-
sion he became eloquent on the subject of the
Ku Klux sweeping around this Capitol until it
almost seamed right and proper to move to
close the doors to save Senators from death
and preserve the dignity of the body. [Laugh-
