1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the right to
object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I also
reserve the right to object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to move to amend
the bill by striking out the words "withdraw
his acceptance of the resignation of" and in-
sert in lieu thereof "nominate" before "R.
H. Lamson;" and also to strike out the word
"late" and insert in lieu thereof "a;" so that
it will read:
]>e it enacted, kc., That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, authorized to nom-
inateR. H. Lamson alieutenantin thoUnitcd States
Navy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Would
not that add to the number of lieutenants in
the Navy?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes; but the number of
lieutenants will be diminished by no one being
promoted to take his place. He was a very
gallant officer during the war and had a bril-
liant record.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does this resolution
restore him back to the same place ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. No, it does not. The
Senate bill would, but the Committee on Naval
Affairs of the House in the last Congress had
the case under consideration and directed the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer] who
had charge of it at the time to move exactly
the amendment that I have moved now. In
that way it cannot be objectionable to anybody.
It puts him at the foot of (he list.
Mr. ARCHER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs were unanimous in this recommenda-
tion as amended.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order 01? business.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York._ I ask
unanimous consent to introduce a joint reso-
lution to facilitate and encourage telegraphic
communication between the United States
and the island of Cuba and other West India
islands and the Bahamas, and have it referred
to the Commmittee on Foreign Affairs when
appointed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. It is
merely for reference.
Mr. BUTLEll, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw my objection if the gentleman can
get the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
to withdraw his objection to the printing of
my bill.
Mr. KERR. I have no compromise to make
in regard to that bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have a report
ordered to be printed before the- motion to
adjourn is pressed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. We have got into a quar-
rel here, and I think we had better adjourn. _
Mr. COX. We can do nothing if we remain
here.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn ; and upon adivision there were—ayes
67, noes 76.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 83, nays 102, not
voting 38 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Buigs, Bird, James (3, Blair, Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Co-
mingo, Cox, Crebs, Criteher, Crossland, Davis, Dox,
DuBose, Duke.Eldridge. Ely, Henry 1). Foster, Gar-
rett, Gctz, Golladay, Griffith, Hambleton, Handley,
Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford, Holman, Kerr,
King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, MeCormiek, Mellenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Kinney, MeNeely, Benjamin 1?. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morgan, Niblack, Eli Perry, Potter, Price, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Riee, Ritchie, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Roosevel<", Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Stoss,R. Milton Speer. Storm, Swann, Terry,
Dwigiit Townsend, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Wad dell, "Warren, Wells, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York, Wood, and Young—8S. ;
NAYS—Messrs. Averill. Banks. Barber, B catty,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Ruffinton, liurchard, Benjamin I:\ Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Cotton, Creely, Dawes, De Large, Donnan, Dunnell,
Eames, Elliott, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles Fos-
ter, I^rye, Garfield, Hale, Halsey, Ilarnier, George
E. Harris, Havens, Ilawley, Hay. Gerry W. Hazle-
ton, John W. Hiizleton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Kendall, Ketchain. Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, Me-
Crary, McGrew, MeJunkin, Mercur, Mernam,
Monroe, Moore, Morev, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Parker, Peck,
Perce, Piatt, Poland, Poiter, Prindlo, Rainey, Ellis
II. Roberts, Sawyer, Seofield, Sceley, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, II. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughtou,
Stowell, St. John, Tatfe, Thomas, Washington
Townsend, Twiehell. Tyner. Wakeman, WaUlen,
Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, J eromiaii M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—RU.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barry,
Burdctt, Claiko, Darrall, Dickey, Duell, Farns-
worth, Forker, Goodrich, Ilaldeman, Hanks, Hays,
Killingcr, Kinsolla, Lamport, Lansing, McKee, Mer-
rick, Pendleton. Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Randall,
Rogers, Rusk, Shoemaker, Slociun, W'orthingtou 0.
Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Suther-
land, Sypher, Turner, Upson, Washburn, and Win-
chester—38.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that call for a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Only for a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
now.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a privileged motion,
which I think will take precedence of the call
for the regular order. 1 move that the House
now proceed to the consideration of business
upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not priv-
ileged until after the expiration of a morning
hour, when it is highly privileged. There has
been no morning hour to-day.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move that the House
now take a recess until four o'clock.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I desire
to state that I was absent when the House acted
upon the propositions for repealing the duty on
coal and salt. If I had been here! would have
voted for both those propositions.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask an order of
the House for the printing of a report.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Hoiaiai?,] that the House now take a recess
until four o'clock.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 49, noes 88.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 84, nays 99, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blaiv, Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo,
Cox, Crebs, Criteher, Crossland,Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eldridge, Henry I). Foster,Garrett,Getz, Gol-
laday, Griffith, Hambleton, Handley, Harper John
T. Harris, Hereford, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, Lami-
son,Leach, Lewis, Manson,Marshall.MeClel land,Me-
Cormiek, Mellenry, Mclntyre, McKinncy, McN eely,
Benjamin P. Meyers, Mitchell, Moigan, Niblack,
Eli Perry, Potter, Price, Head, Edward Y. Riee, John
M Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Slocum.Sloss.R. Milton Spe_er,
Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Tuthill,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wad,dell, Warren,
Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of Now Yoik, Wood,
andYoung—St.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler. Avon!!, Barber, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair. George M. Brooks,
Bueklev, Bnffinton, Buichard. Burdett. Benjamin F.
Butler,'I!oderick R. Butler, Clarke, Ctiburn, Conger.
Cook, Cotton, Creely, Dawes, De Large, Donnan,
Bunnell, Eames, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Frye, Hale, Halsey. Hanner, Havens, Ilawley, Gerry
W. Ifazleton, John W. Hazlcton, Hoar, Hooper, Kel-
ley, Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard. Me-
Crary, McGrow, MeJunkin, Morcur, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Parker, Peek, Perce,
Piatt. Poland, Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis II. Rob-
•erts, Rusk, Sawyer. Seofield, Seeley, Shanks. Shel-
don, Sheliabarger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sypher,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Walls, Whiteley, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, JeremiahM. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—99.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Amos, Bank3„Barry, Cobb,
Darrall, Dickey, Duell. Elliott. Ely, Forker, Charles
Foster,Garfield,Goodrich. Ilaldeman, Hanks, George
E. Harris, Hay, Hays, Hill, Killinger, King, Kin-
solla, Lansing. MeKee, Merrick, Pendleton, Aaron
F. Perry, Peters, Randall, William R. Roberts. Ses-
sions, Worthington C. Smith, Taffe, Dwight Town-
send, Turner, Upson, Wallace, Washburn, Wheeler,
and Winchester—-10.
So the motion for a recess was not agreed to.
message i'rom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, oue of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had adopted a resolution requesting
that joint resolution of the following title be
returned by the House to the Senate:
Joint resolution (H. R.No. 31) grantingthe
right to erect a monument to Professor Morse
on a Government reservation.
The message also announced that ths Senate
had passed bills of Ihe following titles, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 21) to pay members of cer-
tain military organizations therein named;
An act (S. No. 89) to create a port of
delivery at Potomac, Virginia, and for other
purposes; and
An act (S. No. 242) to enable the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company to mortgage /
its road.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had adopted a concurrent resolution for the
appointment of a joint committee to inquire
into the condition of the late insurrectionary
States so far as regards the execution of the
law and the safety of lives and property of cit-
izens of the United States, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
order oe business.
Mr. DAWES. I move to take from the
Speaker's table, for consideration at this time,
the concurrent resolution just received from
the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] demands the regular
order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And in
demanding the regular order I wish to say
that I simply want an opportunity to introduce
the bill which I have so often indicated to the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I simply desire to call up
the concurrent resolution from the Senate for
the appointment of a joint committee to in-
vestigate southern outrages.
The SPEAKER. As the regular order is
demanded, nothing is in order except the call-
ing of the States forresoluuons, the call resting
with the State of Maine. Pending that, the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmas] moves
that the House adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
gentlemen who are callingfor the regular order,
and also those who are supporting the propo-
sition to adjourn, to allow us to take up a res-
olution from the Senate in regard to printing
the preliminary report on tbe_census. 1 here
is now no arrangement for printing it; and it
is almost ready for delivery to the press.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, 1 call for
the regular order. I desire that gentlemen
on the other side shall take the responsibility
of obstructing legislation,
