150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague give way
to have a report printed?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. MORGAN". There is a motion for
adjournment before the House.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business has been called for, and the Chair for
the first time announces what is the regular
order, of business this morning. It is the call
of States for resolutions. In one hour from
this time, no matter how the hour may be taken
up, the motion to go to the business on the
Speaker's table will be in order. And that
there may be no misunderstanding, the Chair
will further state that if the motion to go to
the business on the Speaker's table does not
prevail, the regular order will still be the call
of States during the entire day.
The House divided 5 and there were—ayes
69, noes 72.
Mr. HOLJIAN demanded the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 80, not
voting 40: as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Beck, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Batter,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Comingo, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland l)nvis, De Large. Dox,
I)uBose. Duke. Eldridse, Ely, Garrett, Getz, Golla-
day, Griffith, Halsey, Ilambleton, HandlPV, llarmer,
Harper, John T. Harris, Hay, Holman, Kerr, Iving,
Lamison, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, JManson, Marshall,
McClelland McHenry, Mclutyre, McJunkin, Mc-
Iviuncy, AIoNoely, Benjamin P. Movers, Mitchell,
Morgjin, Niblnck, Orr, Eli Perry, Porter, Potter,
Price, Rainey, Head,Edward Y.Ilice, John iM.Pv.ice,
llitchic, William It. Roberts, liobinson, Rogers,
Koosevelt, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Snyder, H. Mil-
ton Spedt, Thomas J. Speer, Scevens, Storm, Terry,
Dsvight Town?end, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vauarhan,
Voorheos>, Waddell, Wallace, Walls, Warren, Wells,
Whitelcy. WhtUhornc, Williams of Indiana, Wil-
liams ot 2srew York, Wood, and Young—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barber. Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, James Q. Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton,
Creely, Dawes, Bonnan, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburj?, Charles Foster, Frye,
Uariield, llavens, il-iwley, Gerry W.IIazleton, John
W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, ICelley, Lamport,
Lowe, Lynr-h, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, Mercur,
Meniam, Monroe, Mooro, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers. Packard, Packer, Palmer, Parker, Peck,
Piatt, Poland, Piindle, Ellis II.Hoberts, ltusk,Saw-
yer, Seotield, Seeley, Shellabargf r, II. Boardman
Smith, Jolm A. Smith, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Syphur, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Tyner,
Wakcman, Walden, Waldron, Wheeler, Willard,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—80.
3NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Barry, Darrall,
Dickey, Duel!, Parwell, Porker, Henry D. Foster,
Goodrich, Hnldernnn, Hale, Hanks, George E. Har-
ris, Hays, Hereford, Kendall, Ketchain, Killinger,
Kmsella. McUormick, MeKce, Merrick, Negley,
i endloton, Pcree, Aaron F. Peiry. Peters, Randall,
Sessions, Worthmgton C. Smith, Sprague, Steven-
son, Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Turner, 'Xwichell,
Upson, >\ ashburn, and Winchester—4U.
So the motion was agreed to.
joseph dawson.
Pending the announcement of the adjourn-
ment,
O11 motion of Mr. PORTER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Joseph Dawson.
m. t. perrymax.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, also by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of M. T. Perryman.
n. m. goocii.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, also by unan-
imous consent, leave was giauted for the with-
drawal from the files ot the House of the papers
in the case of N. M. Goocli.
li. I'. AI.LMAN.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, also by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of B. F. Allman.
jam us sin nr.
On motion of Mr. POUTER, also by unan-
imous consent, leave wfis granted far the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of James Smith.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. PALMER, by unanimous conscnt, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in support of House bill
No. 2505 of the Forty-First Congress.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, ob-
taiued leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the several cases of N.
J. Bigley & Co., Mrs. Miller, and Belinda
Craig.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the case of Mary E. Lane.
Mr. ACKER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in support of the claim of
Miss Shaklett for compensation for property
taken during the war in Virginia.
On motion of Mr. ACKER, by unanimous
consent, the papers in the case of Charles
J. Hanson were withdrawn from the files of
the House and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, by unani-
mous consent, the papers in the case of Ben-
jamin W. Ladd were withdrawn from the files
of the House, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. ST. JOHN, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for one week from
Monday next.
The result of the vote on the motion to ad-
journ was then announced as abore recorded;
and thereupon (at two o'clock and thirty min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned till Monday
next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BECK: A petition of a large
number of the citizens of Franklin and Owen
counties, in the State of Kentucky, praying
for a post route from Frankfort, Kentucky, to
Owenton, Kentucky, by way of Peak's Mills
and Montery.
Also, the petition of Letitia Jett, administra-
trix of G. H. Jett, of Franklin county, Ken-
tucky, praying for compensation for taking
the census in Franklin county, Kentucky, in
1800.
Also, the petition of John S. Geiger, of
Union county, Kentucky, praying for relief
from all legal and political disabilities.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Sarah S. Cooper,
widow of'Major R. Wickliffe Cooper, deceased,
late of the seventh United States cavalry,
praying that a pension be granted to her.
By Mr. BRO.OKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Otis Pettee and 95 others, for an
increase of duty on all importations of ma-
chinery manufactured in part or in whole of
iron or steel.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of T. M.
Thomas and Daniel J. Melvine, citizens of
Henry county. Alabama, askingfor the removal
of their political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Mrs. Laura
W. Gibbes, of New York, for remuneration
for French spoliations, &c.
By Mr. FRYE : The petition of John W.
Danielson and others, of Lewiston, Maine, for
an increase of the ad valorem duty on all
importations of machinery manufactured in
part or in whole of iron or steel.
By Mr. McGREYV": A joint resolution of the
Legislature of West Virginia, requesting the
Representatives of that State to vote for the
removal of ail disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States,
By Mr. PJCE, of Kentucky : The petition
of Mrs. Elizabeth Rice, widow of the laie Wil-
liam Rice, company B, fourteenth Kentucky
volunteers, for a pension.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule :
By Mr. PARKER: A bill to provide for
a building for the use of the post office and
internal revenue office at St. Joseph, Missouri.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 18, 1871.
Prayer by P>,ev. William Hamilton, D.D.,
of Washington.
The journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
gross of matches.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No.
209) to define a gross of matches, and for other
purposes, was passed yesterday ; and I ask for
the present consideration of that motion in
order that the bill may take its place again
upon the Calendar. The bill was brought in
by the honorable Senator fro* Michigan [Mr.
Chaxdler] and objected to by me at the time.
Subsequently, however, I had some conversa-
tion with one of the parties interested in the
passage of the bill, and under his statement
and under the information given me by the
honorahle Senator from Michigan, I supposed
that this measure affecting the business of
lucifer match-making in the country had been
considered and approved by the leading manu-
facturers of the country. Upon that ground
and upon that information, honestly given
me by my friend from Michigan, but given me
under misinformation on his part, I consented
to the consideration and passage of the bill at
that time. Since then I have learned by tele-
graph from parties largely interested in this
business that the measure is exceedingly in-
jurious to them and to their interests. For
this, and other reasons appearing upon the
face of the measure, I ask the Senate to con-
sider at once the motion to reconsider, which
I now make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
the right to enter the motion to reconsider;
but during the pendency of the morning busi-
ness it cannot be considered except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will suggest to my
honorable friend from Delaware that the bill
has probably gone to the other House, and ho
can enter a motion to recall the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. If that be the case, I ask
that au order be made to recall the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
gone to the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it can be done by
unanimous consent without taking up time, I
have no objection to the reconsideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope it will be done by
unanimous consent
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware moves that a message be sent
to the House of Representatives requesting
the return of the bili named to the Senate,
that he may enter the motion to reconsider the
vote on its passage. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it is so ordered.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Isaac
Clark, of Boston, praying that a pension'be
granted to Elizabeth Posey, formerly a slave
in Maryland, on account of services rendered
by her late husband; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present the petition
of delegates from the State of Georgia, setting
forth at some length the painful condition oi
