1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
it seeins to me that the only point we have to
consider at the present moment ia whether
the questions propounded by the committee
were proper ones or not. If they were proper,
then all that the committee now propose is
that they shall be restated, and that these
witnesses shall be required to answer them.
While I am myself quite in favor of having
all treaties made public and having no secret
session about them, it seems to me that we are
involved in the predicament of pronouncing
these questions that have been proposed as
unauthorized, or we must follow the proposi-
tion made by the Senator from Wisconsin. I
shall therefore vote against all amendments
to that resolution. It does not raise the ques-
tion of the punishment of these young gentle-
men who appear to have transgressed the law
in relation to this matter. That question is
for a subsequent proceeding, for a subsequent
occasion. To be sure, they may involve them-
selves by their course in relation to the statutes
that in this oase may have been made and pro-
vided ; but I am anxious for one thing, and
that is that we may in some measure correct
the Senate. If our proceedings in secret ses-
sion are to be kept, let us contrive some meas-
ures by which Senators themselves may be a
little less leaky. Why, sir, some correspond-
ents,! believe, have sometimes refused to give
information to Senators because they are so
leaky. [Laughter.] I have no doubt myself
but what this information could Be obtained
as to where this treaty was found by other
parties than by these gentlemen who are now
before the Senate, and if the committee shall
go forward with their examination, I have no
question but what the facts will be found, and
that those probably will implicate some Sen-
ator in at least carelessness on this subject.
But, Mr. President, if the question is as first
stated, merely as to whether the committee
that we have authorized has asked proper
questions, it seems to me we cannot do any-
tuing less than follow their lead.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Georgia to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from New York.
Mr. HARLAN. I am of the impression
that this committee itself would have had a
right to withdraw the question and propound
another to these witnesses or either of them.
In that case I apprehend they would not have
been in contempt of the authority of the
Senate.
Now, if the Senate chooses to withdraw
that question and propound a different ques-
tion, it seems to me that the committee ought
not to take exception to it. There are some
members of this body evidently who are anx-
ious to ascertain whether any of the secrets of
the Senate have been divulged by a member
of the body or by any of its officers, and are
not disposed to proceed any further with this
investigation. It seems to me that if a major-
ity of the Senate are of that mind, they have
a perfect right to chauge this question aud
propound a question that will enable these
witnesses to answer all that a majority of the
Senate may desire to have answered on this
subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But how can you know
they are telling the truth if you change the
question ?
Mr. HARLAN. It is a mere choice of ques-
tions. I do not understand that if this ques-
tion should be answered, and answered satis-
factorily, it will exhaust the power of the
Senate. Other questions may be propounded,
either by the Senate itself directly or by the
committee as the organ of the Senate. It is
hardly worth while, as it seems to me, to pro-
ceed on the assumption that these witnesses
are necessarily and inflexibly contumacious.
They may be under what they regard as hon-
orable obligations to other parties that they
would prefer not to violate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him a moment? The report
of the committee shows that this witness,
White, testified that he came to that examina-
tion with a fixed determination not to answer
any question that would disclose the source
from which that treaty was obtained.
Mr. HARLAN. Even though he may have
said so, be may think better of it. The exact
offense here is failing to answer a question in
the precise form in which it is presented to
the Senate. The witness thus refusing is tech-
nically in contempt of the Senate, having thus
refused to answer a question thus propounded
by an organ of the Senate, one of its com-
mittees; butif the committee itself had chosen
to withdraw that question and propound an-
other, the witness would not in that case have
been in contempt.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me once more, the committee in good faith,
desiring to ascertain what this fact was, could
not withdraw their question.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be; but if the
Senate itself should differ with the committee
on that point the committee ought not to take
offense.
Mr. CARPENTER. Not at all. If the
Senate do not desire to find that fact out the
committee do not care anything about it.
Mr. HARLAN. Or if the Senate choose to
proceed with another line of interrogatories to
find that out the committee ought not to be
offended.
Mr. HAMLIN. What are the questions?
Mr. HAKLAN. I suppose this one ques-
tion does not exhaust the capacity of the Sen-
ate in proceeding with the investigation. To
get at precisely the point I desired to elucidate
1 will state that I once served on a similar
committee, and a witness refused to answer a
question relating to a fact which he said had
been communicated to him at a dinner table.
He thought that the honorable obligations
which rested on every gentleman would pre-
vent him from divulging what was communi-
cated to him at a dinner table at a private
party. Well, whether that was a sufficient
excuse or not was not very material, and the
committee chose to withdraw that question,
and the refusal of the witness was never com-
municated to the Senate. The committee
having withdrawn the question, I suppose the
witness was not in contempt.
Now, if the Senate itself chooses to vary
this interrogatory and put it in another form
so as to ascertain, if it can, whether this secret
which is supposed to have been divulged in-
volves the honor of any Senator or any officer
of the Senate in any way, it has a right to do
so without the members of this committee
finding fault with the Senate for so doing.
That is as far as-1 care to proceed in the in-
vestigation. A majority of the Senate may
wish to proceed further; they may wish to
pursue the investigation in order to ascertain,
if they can, whether any officer of the State
Department has been derelict in duty, or any
employ6 of the President of the United States.
I suppose, for the reasons which have been
presented by the chairman of the committee,
that it is competent for the Senate to proceed
thus far if the Senate chooses; but if a major-
ity of the Senate should be satisfied with exon-
erating the members of its own body and its
officers, it certainly has a right to do so_ with-
out reflecting on the honor or integrity or
capacity of this committee. I am not right
sure that the amendment now peuding does
cover everything that ought to be answered;
but if it should not do so, the answer to that
question, as it seems to me, will not exhaust
the power of the Senate or of the committee.
Taking that view of the subject, I shall vote
for the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I will say a word on this subject. I am op-
posed to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New York because I believe it ia
tantamount to a waiver of a bona fide and a
fair investigation of the question. I am in
favor of the question propounded by the com-
mittee, because I believe that is mthe way and
in the only effective way of examining cor-
rectly and ascertaining whetherthis treaty was
improperly disclosed by any Senator or by any
officer of the Senate, or by the procurement
of such Senator or officer.
Mr. President, suppose a man is found in
possession of a counterfeit bill of the United
States, a greenback of a thousand dollars. Its
being found in his possession gives rise to a
prima facie case against him that he is
feloniously in the possession of that spurious
paper. Is he to exempt himself from that
prima facie case of his own guilt by simply
saying that he is innocently in possession of it
by having obtained it from another? Suppose
the matter is commenced to be investigated;
the person who is found in possession of it
gives the name of another person from whom
he obtained it and fixes that fact upon him.
The presumptive guilt then is transferred from
the person who is found in possession of it and
is put upon the person who delivered it to him.
The person who delivered it to him, in whose
possession it is found, may have received it
innocently in the same way, and how is he to
exonerate himself? Simply by the same pro-
cess, by showing that he received it innocently
from some other person. In that way the
innocence of all the intermediaries may be
established, and the ultimate guilt may be fixed
upon the proper person.
That is the process of i nvestigation which
the committee has adopted in this case. It
is the sensible, the indispensable process of
ascertaining guilt and innocence, such as is
adopted in all investigations of the kind. The
committee are examining a person in whose
possession a surreptitious copy of this treaty,
or what purports to be a copy of it, is found.
They want to ascertain whether the person to
whose possession this copy has been traced is
properly or improperly in possession of it.
What is the process that they adopt? They
call him up before them, proceed to administer
an oath to him, and ask him the single, simple
question, "From whom did you obtain this
paper?" If he obtained it properly and inno-
cently, all he has to do is to disclose from whom
he did obtain it, and his refusal to answer that
question is presumptive evidence that he is
guiltily in possession of it.
Now, Mr. President, the question proposed
to be substituted would not give the committee
of the Senate nor the Senate itself the efficient
and usual means of tracing guilt that the ques-
tion propounded by the committee to the wit-
ness and his absolute obligation to answer that
question would afford. Every man knows that.
Mr. HILL. I will ask my friend from Ken-
tucky, with his permission, if the question
which I propose to add to the amendment of
the Senator from New York be answered neg-
atively by the witnesses—and I undertake to
say from what they have done they are likely
to answer truthfully—if they say they cannot
swear that this alleged copy did not emanate
from the Senate, or from some of its officers
or employes, then are we not forced to the
conclusion that it did so emanate?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator from
Kentucky bear a moment? I only want to
remind him that the report shows that already
that question has been put and answered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes, sir; but
the question suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia and by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York as a substitute for the
questions propounded by the Senator from
Wisconsin would amount to nothing, literally
nothing. Why? No man can tell how many
intermediaries there may be, how many per-
sons intervening between the press that pub-
lished this paper and the person from whom
it improperly passed originally; there may be
a dozen. The only effect aud Consequence,
