152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 18,
Mr. ANTHONY. Is it in type?
Mr. POMEROY. I am told that the type is
not distributed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to the
amendment.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by law lie thinks this proposition
must go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. POMEROY. Unless by unanimous
consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not a rule of the
Senate, but a law of Congress, and therefore
I do not think unanimous consent can dis-
pense with it. I have no objection to the prop-
osition if the report is in type; but if the Sen-
ator will offer a separate resolution it will go
right through.
Mr. POiiEROY. I only say the present
Commissioner finds himself without a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be regarded as offered and referred to the
Committee on Printing. The question is on
the resolution reported by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The resolution was agreed to.
surveyor at eastport, maine.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. ISO) to reestablish the office of surveyor at
Eastport, Maine, have directed me to report
it back without amendment, and I ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, tho Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to reestablish and
create the_ office of surveyor of the port of
Eastport, formerly existing by law, and abol-
ished by the Secretary of the Treasury, sub-
ject to the same laws and restrictions thai
appertained to it before it was abolished ; but
it is hereafter to bo known as the office of
surveyor of Eastport and the district of Passa-
maquoddy bay, and is not to be subject to be
abolished except by act of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
order 01? liUSINKSS.
Mr. PAI1ERS0N. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have tho resolution that I offered vos-
terday taken up and considered at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the pre-
sentation of reports from committees, the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire asks unanimous
consent that the resolution submitted by him
yesterday, providing for the appointment of a
joint Committee ou Retrenchment be now con-
sidered. Is there objection?
_ Mr. STEWART. I object to its considera-
tion now.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made,
il there be no further reports of committees,
the introuuetiou of bills is in order.
axxa jr. howard.
Mr. IIPION asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
255) for the relief of Anna M. Howard ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. TIPTON. As this bill passed both the
];louse and the Senate at the last session, but
Tailed nl the last hour of the session to rocoivc
the signature of the President, I hone it will
be put on its passage now.
IJy unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of tho
Interior to pay to Anna M. Howard, mother
of George W. Howard, late a private of com-
pany E, eleventh regiment New Jersey volun-
teers, arrears of pension at the rate of ei<*ht
dollars per month from the 22d of April, 1803,
the dale of her son's discharge, to the 12th of
February, 1861, the date of his death.
The bill was reported to tho Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 256) to provide for a building suited to
the use of the post office, the revenue offices,
and the judicial_ officers of the United States
in the city of Jacksonville, Florida ; -which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave, without pre-
vious notice, to introduce a bill which has been
handed me with a request to have it intro-
duced and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 257) to amend the act
approved June 16, 1862, entitled " An act
providing for the selection of jurors to serve
in the several courts of the District of Colum-
bia;" which was read twieeby its title, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
258) to define the relative rank of professors
of mathematics in the Navy ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 259) for the relief of Mrs. Harriet B.
Pendleton, widow of George H. Pendleton,
late of the United States Navy; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOIIEMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 200) for the relief of loyal citizens of
Loudoun county, Virginia, therein named;
which was read twice by its title, ordered to
be printed, and, together with the papers on
file relating to the claim, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2G1) for the relief of Christopher Green and
Henry C. Trainor; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 202) granting to Andrew Hanna and
others the right to build a dam across the Blue
Earth river, in the State of Minnesota ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 203) for the relief of the officers of the
fourth and fifth Indian regiments; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee ou Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, andbyunanimous con-
sent obtained^ leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
2G4) for the rel;ef of Charles Trichler, of the
county of Adams, Ohio; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSONalsoasked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 26o) to authorize tho payment of bounty
to Ann McCarthy.; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Air. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 266) imposing tonnage duties, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG afso asked, and by anani-
iil-nU?QCOvSent °k"ained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 207) to revive the navigation and
commercial interests of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RICE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 16.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object to anything
but the regular order until I can call up a reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects. The introduction of bills is still
in order.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 268) relating to writs of execution and
other final process in courts of' the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2G9) for the relief of the heirs of Andrew
White; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
270) concerning the rights of disabled Army
officers; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
271) for the relief of WyllyWoodbridge;-which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 272) to provide for the sale of certain
Indian lands in Kansas known as the " Cher-
okee strip ;" which was read twieeby its title,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
allendjients to appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. CORBETT sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (H. R. No. 19) making
appropriations for the payment of additional
clerks and messengers in the Pension Office,
and for other purposes; which were referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
protection of life, etc., at the south.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
offered by me the other day.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Shep.mak on the 16th instant :
liesohed, That as organized bands of desperate and
lawless men, mainly composed of soldiers of the late
rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised, and
bound by oaths and secret obligations, have by force,
terror, and violence subverted all civil authority in
large parts of tho late insurrectionary States, thus
utterly overthrowing thesal'ety of persons and prop-
erty, and all those rights which are the primary
basis and object of all civil government antl which
are expressly guarantied by the Constitution of the
united States to all its citizens, and as the courts
are rendered utterly powerless by organized perjury
to_ punish crime: Therefore,
The Committee on the Judiciary is instructed to
report a bill or bills that will enable the President
and the courts of the United States to execute tho
laws, punish such organized violence, and secure to
all citizens the rights so guarantied to them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the con-
dition of affairs in the southern States is so
extraordinary in its character that I deem it
my duty, after a somewhat patient examina-
tion for a few days of such testimony as was
within my reach, to present to the Senate my
view of a state of affairs unexampled, either
in ancient or in modern times. It seems to
me that the evidence disclosed already by the
recent examination made by the committee
appointed by the Senate presents us a mas3
of testimony which, connected with such facts
as we can gather from the newspapers of the
South and as are conveyed to us by telegram
and by letter, demands at once attention by
tiie_ Senate and by the whole people of the
United States. This resolution which I have
drawn contains nothing but what is literally
