1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
true. Every statement and every allegation
contained in it, although it is a melancholy
indictment, is, I am sorry to say, strictly true.
No human language can convey the feelings
of regret with which I have perused the evi-
dence and become convinced that this state(
of affairs really exists. This resolution alleges
that—
Organized bands of desperate and lawless men,
mainly composed of soldiers of the late rebel armies,
armed, disciplined, and disguised, and bound by
oaths and secret obligations, have, by force, terror,
and violence, subverted all civil authority in large
parts of the late insurrectionary States, thus utterly
overthrowing the safety of person and property, and
all those rights which are the primary basis -and
objeet of all civil government and which are ex-
pressly guarantied by the Constitution of the United
fotatcs to all its citizens.
Let us look for a moment at the character
of this testimony. That the Ku Klux Klan,
as it is called, under various names, is now a
formidable military power in eleven States of
this Union is shown by all contemporaneous
history, as well as by the sworn proof of great
numbers of witnesses given before one of the
committees of this body. That it is a dis-
ciplined band, armed, equipped, disguised,
mainly composed of soldiers of the rebel
army, is sworn to by the members of the
order.
_Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Ohio
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LEWIS. The Senator says that this
band exists in eleven States. Let me say to
him that there is no such band in my State,
and that there is as much law and order in
Virginia as in any State in this Union. If
there is a band of Ku Klux there it is not
knowmto me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly aware that
there is no testimony showing it to exist in
Virginia.
Mr. LEWIS. I wished to make that cor-
rection here in the Senate because of a mis-
report of remarks made by me elsewhere.
Mr. SHERMAN. When I say that such
bands exist in Virginia, it will be time enough
to correct me. I intend that every statement
I make this day shall be absolutely and strictly
true. I said eleven States ; and in Kentucky
there is a state of horror unequalcd almost
by any of the late rebel States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Allow me to
say that that statement is simply the phantom
of a distempered imagination.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I will show my
honorable friend from Kentucky, and he will
regret it as much as I do, testimony from
sources that he will not controvert that in
Kentucky 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. You cannot do
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can show him from the
Democratic organ in Kentucky, the Louisville
Courier-Journal, a declaration of these facts
and a denunciation of these outrages in Ken-
tucky more violent in its tone and words than
anv language I shall utter this day.
Mr. D'AVIS, of Kentucky. Allow me to say
one single word more and I shall not trouble
my honorable friend again. I do not care who
makes the disclosure; to anything like any con-
siderable extent, it is not true. That there are
disorders in Kentucky, rare and occasional, that
ought to be put down by the proper authority
I admit, and it will be done sooner and much
more safely, if Congress does not interfere, by
the proper authorities of Kentucky.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Doesthe Senator
from Ohio yield further?
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a regular
connected statement, but I will yield to my
friend from Virginia if he desires me to do so
now, before I have commenced to make my
i *
J'ellllHKS.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire to make asinglo
statement. If I understand the resolution—I
liave not had an opportunity of reading it and
only heard it read—it declares that the state of
things set forth in it exists in the late insurrec-
tionary States. I presume the Senator who
drew tfie resolution means to include the State
of Virginia as one of the late insurrectionary
States, and to declare by resolution that the
Ku Klux Klan and organized perjury and resist-
ance to the laws exist in that State. 1 do not
desire to interrupt the Senator any further than
to deny positively the statements of that res-
olution in regard to the State of Virginia, and
to declare that they are utterly untrue.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I stated
before that I have no testimony now bearing
on the case of Virginia; but I intend to give
to the Senate this day a connected statement
of the evidence disclosed, not only in this
document, but in other proof that I shall pre-
sent, to show that there is a condition of soci-
ety in nearly all, and I believe, with the excep-
tion of Virginia, the evidence will go to all the
lately rebellious States, that is disgraceful to
American civilization, that is so startling that
although I had read the newspapers from time
to time yet it startled me. I assure Senators
that I do not do this for the purpose of creat-
ing a sensation, but for the purpose of simply
performing a duty; and I shall appeal to all
men of all parties, without distinction, in this
country, in the language of the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, to aid in putting down
this lawless violence, existing to a degree that
I was totally unprepared for.
Now, Mr. President, that these armed bands
do exist in certain States is not denied. Sen-
ators seem in the outset to be anxious to dis-
claim that they exist in their own communities.
1 will first deal with the case of North Caro-
lina, where we are fortified by proof that can-
not be gainsaid, by an examination made by
seven of the most intelligent members of this
body, among whom were two members of the
minority of this body. Before that committee,
judges, lawyers, clerks, officers, and private
citizens of every grade and condition of society
were examined, and their sworn testimony is
given in the report. And who now, in the
face of this testimony, will deny that there are
organized bands of lawless and desperate men,
composed mainly of soldiers of the rebel army,
in disguise, working with terror and violence,
with murder, whipping, and scourging, and
spreading terror over large parts of the State
of North Carolina, sometimes embracing whole
counties, and whose proceedings are set forth
in the report with an amplitude of minutias
and detail that is perfectly startling?
Sir, the witnesses show that many of the
young men who were arrayed in the confed-
erate army joined this military organization,
with all the benefit of the discipline they had
gained while in armed hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. They are there
in violation of the very liberal terms granted
them by General Grant, and in violation of
the treaty of capitulation und^r which they
surrendered themselves as'prisoners of war.
They are armed with the very weapons they
used against our own soldiers, and arms have
flowed freely into North Carolina since the war
was over, arms of the best character. They
are disciplined and organized, according to
the testimony of these high officers, in almost
every county of North Carolina ; but in most
of the counties, perhaps in a large majority
of the counties, they have committed no out-
rages ; but there they lie quiet, organized,
ready at a moment's notice to spring to arms.
In several of the counties of that State, as I
will show you by the testimony of these wit-
nesses, they have brought about a condition
of affairs that is revolting to every instinct of
humanity.
Mr. President, we have here in this docu-
ment laid before us, the great body of which I
have read—all certainly that is referred to
in either the majority or minority report—the
oath of these lawless bands, the purpose of
their organization, and their work thus far.
Senators who have any curiosity to see that
oath will find it on the fourteenth page of this
report, and that shows the secret character of
the organization;
r/'ZwSolemn??! swear in the presence of Almightf
Uoa that you will never reveal the name of tho per-
son who initiated you, and that you will never r©~
veal what is now about to come to your knowledge •
and that you are not now a member of the Red
string Order, Union League, Heroes of America,
(*rand Army of the Republic, or any other organiza-
tion whose aim and intention is to destroy the rights
of theSouth, or ofthe States, or of the people, orto
elevate the negro to apolitical equality with your-
self; and that you are opposed to all such principles,
bo help you God 1 •
"You further swear before Almighty Godthatyou
will betrue to tho principles of this brotherhood and
tho members thereof; and that you will never re-
veal any of the seerets, orders, acts, or edicts; and that
you will never make known to any person not a
known member of this brotherhood that you are a
member yourself, or who are members; andthatyou
will never assist in initiating, or allow to be initi-
ated, if you can prevent it. any ono belonging to the
Red String Order, oTnion League, Heroes of Amer-
ica, Grand Army of the Republic, or any one hold-
ing radical views or opinions. And should any mem-
ber of this brotherhood, or their families, be in dan-
ger, you will inform them of their danger, and, if
necessary, you will go to their assistance; and that
you will oppose all Radicals and negroes in all of
their political designs; and thatshould any Radical
or negro impose on, abuse, or injure any member of
this brotherhood, you will assist in punishing him
in any manner the camp may direct.
" Youfurthor swear that you will obey all calls and
summonses of the chief of your camp or brother-
hood, should it be in your power so to do.
"Given upon this, your obligation, that you will
never give the word of distress unless you are in
great need of assistance; and should you hear it
given by any brother, you will go to his or their as-
sistance ; and should any member reveal any of the
secrets, acts, orders, or edicts ofthe brotherhood you
will assist in punishing him in any woy the camp
may direct or approve of. So help you (lod I"
I have read this oath, showing that here is a
politiealorganization, with political ends, polit-
ical aims ; and although the language is some-
what covert, it shows that the object and intent
of that political organization is to prevent large
masses of the people of the southern States
from enjoying a right which has been guaran-
tied to them by the Constitution of our country.
That these men are armed is a matter of
notoriety, and will be shown also in the evidence
that I will read to you when I come to the
details of this organization. Under this oath
and^under the rules of the organization no man
can be admitted in it unless he belongs to one
particular party. Although the word " Repub-
lican" is not used, and no word that distinctly
points out the opposite party, yet the whole
tenor and language of the oath, and the whole
purpose of the organization, show that it is a
combination of the very men who in North
Carolina were in rebellion. No man who
wished to secure either liberty to the negro or
who wished to enforce the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth articles of amendment to
the Constitution, no soldier of the Army of
the United States, no person who fought under
our flag, could become a member of this organ-
ization. It is essentially a rebel organization,
and no concientious man who was a Union
man, North or South, white or black, during
the war, could become a member of it unless
he entertained and was willing to fight for and
defend and obey the orders of his rebel leaders.
That is the spririt of this organization.
Now, sir, that it is composed mostly of rebel
soldiers is testified to by several, and one most
positively, a man by the name of Boyd, whose
testimony is given at length in the body of this
report, and who seems to have been examined
on both sides with a good deal of deiail :
"Question. So far as you know, what is your belief
as to the proportion of persons in this organization
who were soldiers in tho confederate service?
"Answer. Really,now, the majority. Ne.'uiy every
man in the country was a soldier in the army, be-
tween the ages of sixteen and fifty.
" Question. Are the majority of persons m tho
organization confederate soldiers ?
"An&Ker. I take it to be so, simply because a ma-
jority of the men were in the confederate service m
some way, either in the junior or senior reserves or
regular service."
These men are not only thus armed, disci-
plined, oath-bound members of _ the_ confed-
erate army, but they work in disguise ; and
