1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
So that, if amended, the second interroga-
tory wii! read:
Are you now ready to appear before said commit-
tee and answer all proper questions that may be put
to you by said committee touching the disclosure,
directly or indirectly, through any member of the
Senate, or any oliieer or employe thereof, of what
pui ports to be a copy of the treaty of Washington,
now pending before the Senate in executive session ?
Mr. President, my obiect in offering the
amendment is to confine the investigation to
a disclosure of this treaty through any mem-
ber of the Senate or any of its officers or em-
ploy6s, and to compel the witnesses to answer
any question touching a disclosure made in
that way. There was some difference of
opinion, I may say, in the committee as to
how far t.he committee should go under the
original resolution. The resolution is drawn
broadly, and perhaps warrants the construc-
tion put upon it by the chairman of the com-
mittee. About that I desire to have no con-
troversy, however; but I myself am not in
favor of pushing this inquiry any further than
to ascertain whether the disclosure of what
purports to be a treaty pending before the Sen-
ate came out in any way, directly or indirectly,
through the Senate, any of its members, or
any of its officers or employ6s; and when we
have done that, I think we have gone as far as
duty requires us to go.
That the witnesses who are now at the bar
of the Seriate are in contempt for refusing to
answer questions propounded to them by the
committee seems to me very clear. 1 do not
see how there can be two opinions about that;
and I think it is proper that they should be
called upon to explain to the Senate why they
have not answered these questions that were
propounded to them ; and m order to limit the
inquiry hereafter, to give these witnesses an
opportunity to explain why they did not answer
to the committee, and an opportunity to state
deliberately whether they are willing to disclose
any information which may be in their posses-
sion which shall in any manner, directly or
indirectly, relate to a disclosure of this treaty
through the Senate or any of its officers 
Mr. CONKLINGr. May I ask the Senator
a question just there for my own information?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose now—I take
it as a supposed case, although the record
shows that it is an actual case—it be the in-
stance of a witness who when he is asked says
over and over again, "I do not know whether
this came from the Senate or not; I have no
information that shows me it did; I have no
information that shows me it did not; I can-
not tell about that;" under such an amend-
ment as this, would not the witness be quite
warranted, when the question is put to him, in
saying, "I do not know that this particular
question now points to any Senator or any
employ6 of the Senate, and therefore it is not
within the instructions of the committee; and
hence I decline to answer bScause it is not
within the purview which the committee is
permitted now to occupy?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall not probably
arrive at any proper conclusion, Mr. Presi-
dent, by putting supposable cases. Suppose
1 were to suppose that the witnesses were to
testify that they had possession of this treaty
before the Senate met; then I presume if they
thus swore, as a witness before the commit-
tee did swear that a person came to him and
ofl'ered to sell him this treaty before the Senate
met 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Didheshowit?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Hedidnot; butifsueh
should turn out, to be the case, it would then
be thg duty of the committee to stop in its
investigation in that direction and not to
inquire any further under the resolution, if the
amendment I offer should be adopted, than to
exonerate the Senate entirely from any con-
nection with the publication of the supposed
treaty. Now it- will be for the committee to
determiwe what are proper questions, and this
amendment I have offered is for the guidance
of the committee. The questions to be pro-
pounded by the Chair, should the amendment
I have offered be adopted, will be to these wit-
nesses to state here to the Senate whether they
are prepared to go before the committee and
answer all proper questions-propounded by
the committee touching the disclosure of this
treaty in any manner or form through the
Senate. If they say they arc not prepared to
do that and will not do it, then they must take
the consequences, whatever they may be. If
they say they are prepared to do it, that is as
far as I desire to go. If the Senate agree with
me in that, I hope they will adopt the pro-
posed amendment,
Mr. FENTON. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Illinois an amendment which I
have no doubt he will be willing to accept,
that this answer to the interrogatories, which
are to be propounded by the Chair, as I under-
stand, shall be made in writing and under oath,
as the witnesses may require some time for a
clear and full answer to the first interrogatory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know what the
practice is in that respect, but I should have
no objection, and E presume the Senate would
have none, to allowing the witnesses a suffi-
cient time, if they asked it, to prepare their
answers.
Mr. FENTON. Will the Senator accept
the modification I suggest ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
contemplates an answer orally by the witness,
and the answer being reduced to writing by
the Secretary. The practice, however, has
been of late years to have the answer in
writing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the witnesses should
desire it, that would be a matter for the Sen-
ate to consider. If they desire time to answer,
1 imagine the chairman ofthe committee would
have no objection to allowing them reasonable
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
desires to state, also, that this resolution,
differing from the usual practice, requires the
witness to be sworn first before the vice Pres-
ident propounds to him the question as to
whether he will answer questions. It seems to
be needless to swear him before putting such
an inquiry.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will not the Chair
allow the resolution to be reported? If that
is so, it is a mistake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read that part after the interrogatories.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution reads:
And that said witness bo first sworn by tha Vice
President.
Mr. CARPENTER. " Be first sworn" and
then answer the questions. He is not to be
sworn as to the questions put to him by the
Vice President as to what excuse he has for
not testifying before the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it refers to
the other questions it is in accordance with the
practice.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly it does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed that could
be settled afterward. I do not know whether
the Senator from Wisconsin desires to require
the answers orally. If the witnesses wish time,
that might be left for future consideration when
the witnesses propose to answer.
Mr. FENTON. I suggest that it can be
easily disposed of now. Let the Senator from
Illinois accept the modification.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the proper
place to put in the modification ; the resolution
would require amendment at another place,
and I prefer not to accept any modification of
my amendment. If that should be adopted,
or should not, be adopted, the Senator from
New York in another portion of the resolution
can make his motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Teumbcll.]
Mr. CARPENTER. The amendment, of-
fered by the Senator from Illinois, as I under-
stand him, is offered for the purpose of con-
trolling the committee. It seems to me that
if the Senate wants to control this committee,
if the Senate thinks the committee has not
prudence and discretion enough to conduct
this examination, the proper way to hold it in
leading-strings is by a resolution instructing
the committee what to do and what not to do,
and how far to go and where to stop. But to
make a contract with these witnesses, who are
brought here in contempt, which contract is to
bind the committee and to be an incidental
and sideway instruction to the committee, and
is intended to coax these witnesses to do what
we say we have a right to order them to do,
strikes me as being a novel mode of pro-
ceeding.
The course pointed out by the resolution
is the straightforward, manly course, if we
mean to say that we have the authority to
compel those questions, which we say are
proper, to be answered. Now, what is the
propriety of entering into a contract with these
witnesses to know if they will not do something
else, or do it partially, or do it with certain
limitations on the committee? Let the wit-
nesses answer the questions which the Senato
has said are proper questions, and if the Sen-
ate thinks the committee needs instruction or
ought to be limited at all in the inquiry, do it
by a resolution of instruction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this is the very
place to do it. The Senator himself has drawn
a resolution stating the questions which are to
be propounded by the Chair. The questions
in this resolution arc not to be propounded
by the committee, they are questions to be
propounded by the Chair to these witnesses,
and the Senator from Wisconsin has drawn it
himself in a form which asks of the witnesses
whether they are ready to answer proper ques-
tions to be propounded by the committee.
"Proper questions to be propounded by the
committee," is his own language. Why does
he put in " proper questions to be propounded
by the committee ?" Because the committee
is acting under a resolution that has some
limitation on it, and there is a difference of
opinion in the committee as to what the reso-
lution means. The Senator from Wisconsin
regards it as broad as the world. Under his
construction he could bring before him the
principal officer of this grand high commis-
sion ; he could summon the Secretary of State
and ascertain what he had done; he could trace
it to the hands of Earl de Grey, the president
of the British high commissioners.
I did not understand the resolution to have
that meaning. I do not so understand it now.
I do not want to go into any such investigation.
I think the limit of our investigation should
be to exonerate the Senate; and I thiuk it is
proper here, when the Vice President puts the
question to these witnesses, and they are to
discharge themselves from the contempt which
they are in to the Senate, to ask them whether
they are willing to answer all proper questions
propounded by the committee touching the dis-
closure of this treaty in any manner through
the Senate. So far I am willing to go; beyond
that I am not for going; and unless the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin wishes to go further I
trust he will accept this amendment. If he
does wish to go further, let the Senate so
decide, and let us go into an investigation as
broad as the world.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
call the attention of the Senate to what seems
to me to be the very singular position we
occupy. If I am right the injunction of
secrecy from the report made by the com-
mittee to the Senate yesterday and the testi-
mony contained in that report was removed.
I believe I am right in that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
correct.
Mr. THURMAN. That whole report, then,
