154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
their instruments are terror and crime. Why,
sir, we are already familiar, and perhaps too
familiar, with the common description of these
Ku Klux Klans riding at night over a region
country, going from county to county, com-
ing into a county town, and spreading terror all
over a community; and not only that, but they
endeavor to cxcite superstition. Th'ey pre-
tended, I believe, in the outset to be the repre-
sentative ghosts of the confederate dead. That
was the idea which they sought to give out; the
ghogts of the confederate dead were coming
back to punish those who had been disloyal
to the confederate service; and they terrified
men, women, and children, white and black.
They excited the superstition of the ignorant
negroes of the South, endeavored to frighten
them first by superstition, then by intimidation,
by threats, by violence, and by murder.
Mr. President, I do not know anywhere an
organization similar to this Ku Klux Klan.
I have thought of the Thugs of India. They
murdered, and they murdered secretly ; but
they did not disguise themselves while they were
in the act of murder. If any Senator now, in
looking over the record of crime in all ages, can
tell me of an association, a conspiracy, or a
band of men who combined in their acts and
in their purposes more that is diabolical than
this ICu Klux Klan I should like to know
where it was. They are secret, oath-bound;
they murder, rob, plunder, whip, and scourge;
and they commit these crimes, not upon the
high and lofty, but upon the lowly, upon the
poor, upon feeble men and women who are
utterly defenseless. They go out at night,
armed and disguised, under color of supersti-
tious forms, and commit their work. They go
over vast regions of country, carrying terror
wherever they go. In all the record of human
crime—and God knows it is full enough—
where is there an organization against which
humanity revolts more than it does against
this ? I know there is not a Senator hero but
feels that this thing ought to be put down.
As to the extent of this organization, let me
look at the testimony. One or two witnesses
here state the number of this organization at
forty thousand.
Mr. MORTON. In one State. .
Mr. SHERMAN. In one State, North Car-
olina. It seems to me that that must be an
exaggeration, because it would be entirely ojit
of proportion to the white voting population
of North Carolina. But suppose there are
but ten thousand, and no man can read this
evidence without being convinced that there
are at least ten thousand. In some counties,
according to the testimony, seven or eight
hundred of these men are in the Klan. Some
of them uo doubt are ignorant dupes who have
been dragged by the mystery of this organ-
ization into a league with their neighbors,
without knowing its ends and aims, and no
doubt many of those ignorant dupes would
fall ont and would not obey the orders of their
superiors in pursuance of their oath if they
dared. But that this is a powerful and a form-
idable organization no man who reads this
testimony can doubt. As 1 shall show here-
after, it pervades all through the rebel States
with perhaps the single exception of Virginia,
and it may extend there; I do not know.
It is also shown by conclusive evidence that
this organization extends through every county
ol North Carolina. One of the judges of the
supreme court ot that State, who was exam-
ined by both sides, and who seems throughout
to have testified fairly, said lie believed the
organization extended into almost every county
in .North Carolina, but that in many counties
they had never committed any outrage ; and he
said that in some of the strongest Democratic
counties they dared not show their heads in
open violence. Wherever there is a strong
Republican majority or a strong Democratic
majority this organization lays quiet; but where
ever there is a close county and terror is neces-
sary to enable them to carry the election, there
they rise. Wherever the negro population pre-
ponderates, there they hold their sway, for a
lew determined men, disciplined as these men
are, can carry terror among ignorant negroes,
uneducated, full of superstition, withoutarms,
equipment, or discipline. The testimony shows
that this organization is powerful in that State ;
and it extends to the other States, as I shall
show you hereafter.
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Axthoxy]
is now before the Senate, regarding the legisla-
tion of this session.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that that resolution
will be passed over, and that the Senator from
Ohio will be allowed to proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator from Ohio ; but would it be
as agreeable to him to have the resolution
taken up? And, as I suppose the subjects are
cognate, he could go on with his speech on that
resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that
we should expedite an adjournment by allow-
ing this matter to be disposed of. As the
Senator from Rhode Island seems to contem-
plate the transaction of this business, let us
dispose of this resolution, and then his resolu-
tion can be considered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have been taught by the
Senator from Ohio a great many times that the
true way to transact business is to take up one
measure and stick to it; and although I do not
wish to interfere with the speech which he is
now making, if it be as agreeable to him to
make it on that resolution, I should prefer to
have it taken up. If not, I shall call it up at
the end of the Senator's remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator had
better call it up at the end of my remarks.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then let the resolution
be laid aside informally. I will not agree to
its postponement.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh,no; letitbetakenup.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the resolution
of the Senator from Rhode Island is laid aside
informally, any Senator can demand the regu-
lar order. It does not rest with any one Senato r
to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
accept the suggestion. As the resolution of
the Senator from Rhode Island is now pend-
ing, I think it may as well be taken up in reg-
ular order, and I can speak on that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that will be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator then
will continue his remarks on the resolution of
the Senator from Rhode Island, which em-
braces the topic on which he is now speaking
and which is referred to in his resolution. The
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island
is before the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I inquire, when
the Senator fr8m phio finishes, will the reso-
lution of the Senator from Rhode Island be
then in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itis now in order.
By the rule of the Senate at one o'clock, the
morning hour having expired, the unfinished
business pending at the previous adjournment
is before the Senate, which is the resolution
of the Senator from Rhode Island prescribing
that only certain classes of legislation shall be
transacted at this session.
Mr. STEVENSON I move, then, to post-
pone the resolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island until Monday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio is upon the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the debate
can go on upon either resolution, because they
relate to the same matter. If the Senator
from Kentucky desires to debate the matter
he can debate it on this resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do.
lhe VICE PRESIDENT, By the rules of
the Senate the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island is now before the Senate, and
the Senator from Ohio desires to make his
remarks upon it, as it relates to the same
topic.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to inquire
yphether the proposition is that the honorable
Senator from Ohio shall make what speech he
pleases on this subject, and that then the debate
shall close upon the demand of any Senator ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can debate
the resolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island just as well, because that contains a
reservation of the subject of this very reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Rhode Island will now
remain before the Senate, the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio having been displaced
at the expiration of the morning hour until the
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island
shall be disposed of by postponing, laying on
the table, or the Senate agreeing to it. It is
now the pending question and the only one.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that we take up the resolution
of the Senator from Rhode Island, and then
let him proceed with his speech, as the sub-
ject which he now proposes to discuss is in
order when the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island comes up. Let us have that
resolution before us and then the Senator can
proceed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That resolution is now
before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution of
the Senator from Rhode Island is now up by
the rules of the Senate, it being the unfinished
business of last evening. It superseded the
resolution of the Senator from Ohio at one
o'clock, and is now before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am concerned
I desire to say that I do not wish to preclude
anybody's right to debate this subject, and I
would not vote for anything to limit the right.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am sure of that.
BUSINESS OF THE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to consider the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency bill, the concurrent resolution for a
joint committee to investigate into the condition of
the States lately in insurrection, and the resolution
now pending instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to report a bill or bills that will enable
the President and the courts 01' the United States
to execute the laws in said States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, it may be
said that these cases of crime are only isolated
eases^ that they do not pervade large com-
munities, and are not numerous. That is not
so, unfortunately. This report contains, on
pages 18,19, and 20, specific cases which show
that they are general. For instance, in the
single county of Lincoln within eighteen months
there were twenty-one cases of whipping, mur-
der, and other crimes of violence committed
by the Ku Klux Klan. In another county, the
county of Alamance, there were thirty-eight
cases within the period of twenty-four months;
and other testimony, to which I shall advert
presently, shows that since this list was made
up other crimes of a similar character have
been committed in those, counties.
In Catawba county we find a list of twenty
or thirty cases. I do not know precisely the
number. Then there is here a list of outrages
in other counties referred to. In still another
county, which is not referred to in the report
of the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
the county of Rockingham, one of the judges
in testifying says that the clerk of one of the
courts kept an account of the number of these
outrages committed in that county, and they
amounted to sixty-two in a little over t#elve
moaths. The same testimony shows that these
offenses pervade the whole county. Now let
us see what the nature of them is.
Mr. BAYARD. Without interrupting the
