1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
honorable Senator from Ohio, merely that
there may be an intelligent comprehension of
this evidence as we go along, I ask him if he
knows within what dates tnat whole list of
outrages has occurred? How long a period
of time is embraced in the occurrence of that
long list? There is something in that, I think.
Mx-. SHERMAN. I see in the report of the
Senator from Pennsylvania, from the 1st of
December, 18G8, to the of December,
1870, a period of a little more than two years,
a list of thirty-eight cases referred to as hav-
ing occurred in Alamance county; and the
same report says that they are only a portion
of the cases occurring in that county.
Mr. BAYARD. No w, in the presence of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, whom the
Senator gives as his authority, I ask whether,
from the testimony taken before that commit-
tee, he derives those dates and those facts?
Mr. SCOTT. Ifl am to be called upon—-
Mr. SHERMAN. While I am disposed to
be courteous in this matter, and am not at all
embarrassed by this colloquy, if ray remarks
are to be cut up in this way, it will prolong
them very much.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not wish to interrupt
the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. As-
THOXr in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
is entitled to the floor, and he cannot be inter-
rupted without his consent.
Mr. SCOTT. Those dates referto thePres-
ident's message.
Mr. BAYARD. I thought so. There was
no testimony about them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think a gentleman so
distinguished for candor as my friend from
Delaware will hardly dispute the fact when he
comes to reply to me (as he will, no doubt, in
due time, as 1 shall have occasion to refer to
hisreportafterawhile and he will have occasion
to reply) that the multitude of these crimes,
spreading over vast regions of country, occur-
ring so frequently, shows a revolting state of
society which no man can justify. But instead
ol'givinglong lists of crime that have been com-
mitted from time to time, it is sometimes best
t,o illustrate the nature of those crimes; and I
propose to give now four of five specimen
cases of the offenses that have been committed
and are here reported to us by this sworn testi-
mony. First, let me refer to the testimony of
Peter R. Harden, who, from all the testimony,
seems to have been a respectable citizen of
North Carolina, born and bred in that State, a
justice of the peace, continuing through dif-
ferent administrations as a magistrate. He
describes the murder of a man by the name of
Outlaw.
"Peter R. Harden sworn and examined."
After describing the nature of this Ku Klux
Klan, their going about at night, and his being
in danger on account of tiiem, he says:
"Question. What did you pee that night?
"A-iihioci-. I was woke up by the dogs keeping up
such a tremendous balking; I got up and remaiked
to my wife, ' i>)<t you ever hear such a noise among:
tbedog-s/' She said she hud been awake listening
to it, sui't there must be something the matter. 1
went to the v\ indow ami saw a man m disguise gal-
ln)}ijio; on -1 horse: ,i .i-r then my daughter, who had
looked oat through another window, eame to my
door and s.nu, ' .i'a. i hat is the Ku Klux:' she had seen
til em uie lirst nign t: &llo was veiy mueh frightened.
"Qn<",!ion. What was the disguise?
"Amie-r. The man seemed to be wrapped up with
something dark, and he had something stuck up
sharp over his bead to a great height; it reminded
lue of what lliadseenincircu^woniby the clowns,
it conceal his features?
".I/m/jcr. Yes, sir; every feature was concealed, and
the jierson was concealed: the horse was not. lie
passed by in the direction where this colored man
was living. In a, little while alter he eame along,
and they wont down the other way toward where a
colored man who works forme, lived, namedtienry
ilolt. Ihreetly they came back, and then went up
in ttiesu me direction thelirst onepassed. They were
in disguiso also.butin white disguises. Every tiling
seemed to be quiet for awhile. I must acknowledge
1 telt a Lttle intimidated, but I was determined to
live it right our there, I could hoar them from plaee
to place, tiom the dogs making such a noise. They
seemed to be quiet tor nearly twenty minutes, then
■ill at once they commenced a tremendous howling—
a most ungodly noise—the mostborrible noise I ever
heard; every man seemed to bo making a most dole-
ful sound in his own way."
Then he goes on to state what he saw the
next morning.
"Early in the morning I heard that "Wyatt Outlaw
•was hung. X said it certainly could not be so; I
thought it might be his effigy that they had hung.
If, was raining. I went and saw him hanging on the
elm. twenty or thirty yards from the court-house,
on the public square."
Remember, this was in a county town, a
village with a population of several hundred
inhabitants.
"I still thought it must be a man in effigy. I found
it was the negro man. They hail pinned on him a
paper, and on it was written in a plain hand, * Be-
ware, ye guilty, both black and white. K. K. K.'
The coroner was sent for, but he happened to be
out of the way. Everybody was afraid to take him
down, for fearthey might get themselves into trouble.
He hung there till about eleven or twelve o'clock in
the day. finally the coroncr was got there, and the
sheriff, and they took him down and summoned a
jury and held an inquest. After the inquest spmo
of the colored people wanted to take charge of the
body and bury it. They were so afraid to touch it,
lest they should make themselves blamable, that
one or two refused actually to take hold ot tbe body
and carry it to the house. I saw all this with my
own eyes. 3 know the fact, from testimony, that a
negro manwasthrown into aimll-pond and drowned.
"Question. Was anybody arrested lor tho murder
of Outlaw?
"Answer. Nobody was ever arrested.
"Question. What was the population of the villago
in which this occurred?
"Answer. Some three or four hundred; a small
village.
"Question. A sheriff and officers residing there?
44Annxoer. Yes, sir; a county town. Tho sheriff
does not live there, but four miles irom the village.
His office is there."
Now, Mr. President, could such a scene as
this occur in any community where moral
principles prevail? This man was a negro
preacher. So far as I can see in the evidence
there was no accusation against him. Perhaps
the Senator from Delaware may be able to
throw light on that point. Atany rate, he was
a harmless, peaceable, and quiet negro man.
This old man Harden, who was born in that
region of country, and I beiieve always lived
in that very town, describes the character of
these men and their disguises. Seventy-five
armed men, disguised, came there at the dead
hour of the night, and after hooting and howl-
ing, took this man from his wife, struck her,
and took him out and hung him right at the
court-house, in a county town; and no man
was called to account by the courts for this
thing, as I shall .show you hereafter.
Twodaj'S afterward a poor, half-idioticncgro
who saw some of these men on the way from
the murder of Outlaw, and by whom it was
feared they would be identified, was taken and
drowned ina pond. In that very county, within
two years, according to the papers furnished by
the President, there were thirty-eight cases of
murder and whipping in this same way by this
Ku Klux Klan. I ask if civilized society can
survive such enormities without punishment,
especially where they pervade vast communities
of men?
I will take, as another specimen, what Rob-
ert W. Logan says. He is asked:
"Question. Can you state any cases?
"Answer. I can give one or twoinstanccs, but not
generally ; there are so many of them.
"Question. Of what narure were they ?
'"Answer, Whipping, shooting, burning; all kinds
of depredations. As I came through the county on
mv w.iy heie they told me there had not been a
night smcejtist beiore Christmas but what they had
been seen ridmg, and that they had been commit-
ting depredations nearly cveiy night. Some nights
they had justrodo around thiough different neigh-
borhoods and done nothing. About a week or ten
days beiore Chrisruias there was a party ot about
thirty of the ICu Klux order went to thcliou^o of an
uncie ot mine, about a mile or two below the llutti-
erford linem CJevelandcounty. They first went into
the kitchen, where the colored people were living—
some four 01 fivecolored menand women—and made
some inquiries about my uncle, to know whether he
was at home or not. They then went off, and came
back ugain in about fifteeen minuies; went to the
kitchen again, took all tho colored men out, talked
to them, and made various threats; and one of them,
by the name of Dick Bean, they carried off up the
lane some two hundred yimU from the house and
commenced beating him with sticks and clubs very
severely, lie told irtfe he concluded it was life or
death any way, aijd so he made a struggle and got
loose, and as he ran offthey fired at him. Some mem-
bers of the family told me they thought there were
at least twenty or twenty-five guns fired. One ball
took cffeci, striking h'-s hip and passing through his
leg. it was a very scvei e, but not a serious wound,
lie got awav. \\ hile they wore at the house they
broke open the trunks, closets, &c., took what
money and jewelry they could imd. and mado all
the colored men promise they would never vote the
Kadical ticket again."
Can such things be? Organized bands ride
into a community—not in Alamance county,
but in Kutherford county—and there go into a
white man's house, who happens to be away
from home at the time, take these negroes and
treat them in this way, one of them cruelly
wounded, whipped, and scourged? Although
no life was taken in this particular case, yet
this case itself shows a state of society that is
not far removed from barbarism.
Again, as a general description of the man-
ner in which these outrages are committed, I
will r£ad from the testimony of a man by the
name oi'Ethelbert Hubbs, of Newbern, North
Carolina. Mr. Hubbs is the editor of the New-
bern Daily Times, a paper published in New-
bern, North Carolina. He says:
41 In that county, a short time ago, about a month,
I think, there was a band of disguised men went to
tho hou^e of a colored man by the name of Whit-
field, called him out of his bed, andshot him in cold
blood, and carried away his horse. Then they pro-
ceeded to another house and shot a man and woman
who occupied it, and took away a horse from that
place. One or two of these men, I think, were rec-
ognized by the woman who was fchot, and upon her
information Sheriff llunter arrested theui, as I
learned from him beJoroI left; and ho stated that
without doubt they were guilty. On my way here I
learned that they were discharged, as is customary,
on straw bail. 1 have heard of a great many out-
rages by common report."
Here this man gives an account of what
occurred where two persons were shot.
I now refer to the testimony of Judge Settle,
who, I believe, is judge of the supreme court
of that State, and who I am told is now ap-
pointed minister to Peru. He states that he
residesin Ilockingham county, North Carolina,
was born and raised there. Gentlemen talk
about "carpet-baggers." I wish to read the
testimony of Judge Settle, who was born and
raised in North Carolina, although I do not
think it is any stronger for that reason;
"Anwoer. The first case that came to my observa-
tion was one in which I issued a warrant for murder.
A colored woman some eighteen years of age was
killed in the county. The coroner proceeded to hold
an inquest, and after proceeding a day or two ho
cameto me for instructions. ICewnsnot acquainted
in the part of the county where tho killing occurred,
and he found that the lather of the accused was fore-
man of tho jury of inquest, and ho was at a loss to
know how to proceed.''
There the father of the accused was sum-
moned by the coroner to sit on an inquest in
the case of a murder committed by the son.
" I told him it would make no difference in that
case how be proceeded, and that he might as well
discharge the jury. The next day a party applied
to me and I issued a warrant."
According to the testimony it seemed to be
a clear case ; the parties were identified; but
he says no bill was ever found. He then pro-
ceeds :
" Then. I issued another warrant for some parties.
Two magistrates had issued a warrant for parties
charged with whipping an old negro man over sev-
enty years of age, very feeble, and partially blind.
The magistrates attempted to make an investiga-
tion. Wouie seventy or eighty men gathered around
at the trial, and madeeueha distuibance that the
magistrates were very glad, as they told me, to make
a compromise to keep the man safe. This 1 learned
from a county officer. The negro then applied to
mo for a warrant, and I i^ued it, and had tho same
parties brought beiore me. I was satisfied with tho
identification of two of the party, (there were fifteen
of them J and I bound over the two to answer the
charge; but there was no bill ever sent in. This
oll'on&e wds even more shocking than the murder.
They took this old man, stripped him perfectly
naked, and gave him some fifty stripes with switches.
Then they took his two daughters who were living
in the house, stripped them down to their chemises,
and whipped them."
The rest of this testimony is so horrible that
I dare not and cannot read it.
Mr. President, can these things be? This
same judge declares that in his county of
Bockingham he directed his clerlv to keep aq
