156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
account of the number of whippings and out-
rages, and they were found to be sixty-two:
and this is not one of the counties proclaimed
in insurrection. Here was the murder of an
old man; here were the vilest crimes that
could be committed upon men, women, and
children, committed by a band, armed and
organized, and prowling over that whole coun-
try. If there was but one ease, instead of
many of this sort, it would indicate a state of
society in that region of North Carolina that I
never contemplated for a moment.
I do not know that it is worth while for me to
read these cases, because they are only ampli-
fying the proof, and one answers the argument
just as well as the other. There was the kill-
ing of Colgrove, the sheriff'. The killing was
decided in one of these secret conclaves of
the Ku Klux Klan. A member of that Klan
admitted that it was agreed upon, and.it was
accomplished two weeks afterward. He was
killed while in the discharge ofliis duty.
There is one other ease to which I will call
the attention of the Senate. I am only taking
a few out of the many cases to be found in this
report. On page 145 of the report will be
found an account of the whipping of Alonzo
B. Corliss, which seems to me to combine
about as much of atrocity as anything I ever
read. This man 1 take to be a Quaker. • He
seems, at any rate, to have been keeping a
colored school under the Society of Friends
of Philadelphia:
" Qitettiioii. V.'erc you visited at any time by men
in disguise? It so, state briefly at what time and
what they did.
M Anwer. On the evening of the ?Gfch of Novem-
ber, 1861), I prctiched to the colored people at their
request, (luring a revival which they hid ; there were
some noises about the window during the evening;
1 wont home; at twelve o'clock atnitfht something
was thrown on the roof of the house which waked
]ii5 .sell and wife, anil then a rail came against the
door and broko the lock; in came five men ; I was
rising from my bed; two of them seized me by my
legs and dragged mc outof tlicdoor; soon two others
took me by the arms, mid tour of them in that way
(tarried me in double-quick time about a mile and a
half and sot me downm a thicket andbesan to beat
me with hiekoiy sticks; I felt iciiof then, for I
thoujrhtthey were not goinstohanj* mo; 1 feltthreo
blows; the next day revealed thirty marks on my
back; X have the scars now; j tainted; the first I
knew they kicked mo in the Hide and said, ' Uotup '
I rose part way and felt back; they lifted meup, and
one ol them shaved mv hair eio.se, one half of it, and
with a f.pou!?o painted half of my faeo black; the
smell of the lnrpen tine revived mc; they then started
to go away; 1 said, 'Friends, will you tell me if I
am near any house?' One of them came buck and
Kaid, I his way i-< the road ;* I could not walk ; they
took rile without my crutches."
lie was a wounded soldier, I take it, from
this description, although I do not know about
'hat. Probably the fuller testimony will dis-
close the fact:
I took a stieic and hopped along till I ca.me to
fne house; my vvito was out screaming for trie up the
rond; i (infill to havo.ititt.ed that tliey struclcher;
Mie tried to teiir tlio mask from the f.ice of on© of
1 hem; 1 have koI the mustache that she tore away
iiom his lace; they struck her oil the arms and
stepped on licriect."
Mr. ^President, is not this a specimen of
barbarity, which cannot be equaled ill the
records of any other nation now on the face
of the world, where a harmless man teaching
a school is taken at the dead hour of the night
from his own home, from his wife, carried
off a mile and a half in the woods, and there
whipped and scourged and insulted in this
way ! Why, sir, 1 do not know where such a
tiling as this could occur. I am sure that if
it may occur without punishment civilization
is a failure and all your lawsare worthno more
than the paper on which they are written.
I shall not go any further over these details,
because I know they are unpleasant. The
extent of these outrages can only be judged
by specimen cases. When you see that there
arc thirty or forty cases in one county and
twenty or thirty in another, and they permeate
over a whole State, and we find that the organ-
ization guilty of these atrocities extends over
vast regions, it presents a spectacle which
demands the attention of the American Sen-
ate and of the whole American people.
Before I consider the question whether these
crimes are punished or not let us see how far
this organization extends over other States;
and here as we have no sworn testimony, and
as I desire to state nothing but what is forti-
fied by evidence that every member of the Sen-
ate will believe, I ask the Secretary to read an
extract from a recent number of the Charleston
(South Carolina) News, a Democratic paper,
in regard to the condition of affairs in South
Carolina and this class of outrages; and I shall
read no paper except sucli as has the sanction
of Democratic authority.
Mr. P0MBB0Y. Are they any better on
that account'/
Mr. SHERMAN. No; but I wish to convert
my Democratic friends. I think they will all
agree that these things should be put a stop to.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"In common with the great mass of the law-abid-
ing people of South Gaiolilia, we deeply deplore the
murderous outrages which have been committed in
Union county by the so-called Ku Klux Klan. These
outlaws, there is good reason to believe, are chiefly
from Georgia and North Carolina, but somo of them
are Unioncounty men. They have made themselves
the j udge and j ury. They gave to the miserable pris-
oners mi opportunity of saying a word in their de-
fense. It may be that the action of the marauders
was precipitated by the rumor that the prisoners in
jail were about to be removed to Columbia, where
they mi«ht hope for a partial trial and a speedy
acquittal. This, however, is 110 excuse for the das-
tardly crime of their self-constituted executioners.
"There is no justification whatever for the down-
right murders in Union county committed by thedis-
guised desperadoes who call themselves Ku Klux.
They arc neither more nor less tli:m murderers, and
it is demanded that they be brought at once to the
bar ol justice, or scourged beyond the limits of the
State."
Mr. SHERMAN. Now T ask to have read
also ail extract from another South Carolina
paper, in another part of the State.
Mr. POMEIIOY. Democratic too?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The Abbeville (South Carolina) Press, Demo-
cratic, recently said, in speaking of the doings of
the Ku Klux in that State:
"'All good citizens roust unite in denouncing
them as evil, and only evil, as increasing tenfold the
troubles they seek to remedy. They aie neither to
bo justihed, excuscd, nor palliated. They are alike
lawless, unauthorized, and impolitic. Lawless they
are, because thev transgress the highest obligations
which we owe to God and man; unauthorized, because
they involve, without their consent, a whole com-
munity in the bitter consequences of the act of areek-
less tew; impolitic, because they inaugurate a reign
ot violence which is destructive of every interest of
society.
Better the veriest despotism which ever crushed
out the spirit of a freo people than this lawless
anarchy, which makes the lives and property of
the citizen the sport of every reckless marauder.
Between such a state of things and tlio military
we choose tho latter. Sooner than this, let the State
be remanded to tho territorial condition, or gov-
erned as a conquered province by tho strong arm of
military law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask to have an
extract read from an Alabama Democratic
paper in regard to the condition of affairs
there.
Mr. POMEROY. lliat shows a divi sion in
the Democratic party. I thought the Dem-
ocratic party and the Ku lvlux were united.
Mr. SHERMAN. It shows that ther e aro
some men there who will tell the truth.
CASSERLY. I do not suppose the
Senator from Ivansas thought any such thing.
It maybe very well to say that for a joke j but
this is rather a serious subject.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I hope Senators will not
interject remarks in this way.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The Shelby county (Alabama) Guide,a Demo-
cratic paper, recently said:
'The latest Ku Klux outrages are of a horrible
character, and were perpetrated upon the persons
ot two negroes in Jackson county, in this State. The
battle cry of the Democracy in the late canvass was
. iaw and order/' and against the4' fools and thieves"
uvpower. trovcrnorLmd&ey has been installed m his
otnee now nearly two months, within which timo a
number of these cold-blooded murders have been
committed, and all the victims, except perhaps one,
weie negroes - yet not in one tingle instance, except
\ht *tbo wbite -man* Amos G- Harris, in
< Montgomery, right under the nose of the
h,? Tkia1r?r« n J° he en a single reward offered
vy ins is-xeellency for tho perpetrators of these dia-
bolical deeds. In our own county, in the enlight-
ened community of Montevallo, whore " Lindsey and
reform" received 412outof 422 votes cast, at least 100
of them negroes, one of these horrible murders has
been committed and no notice taken of it, except by
the employer of the negro, who offered a reward of
$300. through the columns of the Selma Times, for
testimony sufficient to convict th©parties engaged in
the affair; and except this advertisement and a six-
line editorial in the Times, calling attention to the
advertisement, this horrible affair received no notice
at the h ands of tho press of the State except through
the columns of the Selma Argus and .Montgomery
Advertiser.'"
Mr. SHERMAN". Now, to show the morals
that prevail among the Ku Klux themselves,
I have here a card published in an Alabama
Democratic paper, giving the defense made by
one of these Ku Klux men against the charge
in a Democratic paper about outrages in one
of the counties there, in which he very clearly
shows that he does not think it any crime to
kill a negro or rob a Yankee.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The Selma (Alabama) Argus, a Democratic paper,
lately published the following:
"'Str: T see from your article in your last issue
(January 27) that you accuse a body ofdisguisedinen
of going to Greensborough, on Tuesday last, and re-
leasing a man from the jail in that place who had
been confined for horse-stealing. We inform you,
vSir, that your author has told a malicious false-
hood. The man who was released on that evening
was not confined forhorse-stealing, but for killing a
negro and the taking of a Yankee's horse (openly)
that it might enable him to make his escape from a
court (like Blackford's) of injustice ; arid we say fo
you, sir, that the party did not visit Greenshoiough
on that evening for the purpose of releasing this man
McOrary. but for the purpose of catching and giv-
ing Mr. .Blackford what he lawfully deserves anil
will get before the 1st day of March. We do not
communicate to you for the purpose of clearingour-
selvcs of but one thing, and that is the release ol a
horse-thief. Sir, it is not our object to release
thieves; but, on the other hand,it is our sworn duty
to bring them all to justice, and we in this section
of country intend and will see that all thieves shall
bo punished to the extent of the law, and in cases
where the law cannot reach them the party that re-
leased the man in Greensborough will give them all
they deserve, and perhaps a little more.
Yours, truly, &c., K. W. C.'"
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President,
these beautiful pinks of morality do not like
to be called horse-thieves. They went there
to kill the probate judge. Bat the probate judge
got word and was gone ; and they went and
killed a negro and stole a Yankee's horse, or,
to use the polite phrase, "took a Yankee's
horse openly." I will show by a little extract
from a Georgia paper an operation of the
same character.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
!.'Se ®,ome (Georgia) Commercial says:
Remember, brothers, that tho strength and
power of any secret organization rests in tlio attri-
bute of mystery and hidden force and in the fjet that
upon the thousand hills of our country a legion of
brave hearts that are Unobbins quietly can be called
together by a tiny signal, and when the work is dono
can melt away into shadowy nothing, livery time
you act you weaken your strength. Then be quiet,
it an inexorable necessity calls for action, act
promptly, with decision, and do nothing more than
is absolutely necessary.'"
Mr. SHERMAN. This editor ad vised them
not to waste their terrible enginery until they
are ready for somegreat movement, when they
can, at the word of command, accomplish their
purpose. I think it would be very difficult,
Mr. President, to combine in an organization
more power, more force, and more danger
than is embraced in this. I will now ask that
what is said by the Louisville Courier* Journal,
in regard to the condition of affairs in Ken-
tucky, be read. My friend from Kentucky
seemed to be a little troubled about it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
# The Courier-Journal, of Louisville, Kentucky,
said, in spoainng of the Ku Klux :
.They have usurped tho powers of government;
made murder their pastime and terrorism their scep-
ter; conlerred upon their adherents the right of pri-
vate vengeance, and assumed to piotcot them fiomi''
the penalties ot outraged law. No home is safe, no!
place is sacred from their invasions. To show their*
s/xPs? o\an ™ieir utter contempt for all departments
ot the btate government they fill the vicinity or the
capital during the brief period of tho legislative ses-
sion with deeds of blood, and carry their lawless
violence with insulting: defiance to tho very doors of
our legiolative hails. Thisstain upon i he escutcheon
of Kentucky, this humiliation of our proud State,
has culminated under a Democratic State adminis-
