1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
tration; and yet the Legislature, so promptto resent
a newspaper ccnsure, has affected to ignore the facts
and disregard the disgrace.' v M *
" 'A few days since we observed that the lack of
vigor 011 our part tends to encourage lawlessness. Is
this not an example in point? Do wo not see that
our outlawry is enlarging its sphere and growing-
more enterprising as we fail to meet it with acts
proportioned to its forec and extent? But a fort-
night ago it rode down upon the postal service of the
Federal Government in broad daylight, and one of
our most public highways narrowly escaped a wanton
murder. A train guard of soldiers is the conse-
quence. Now, it rides into the capital of the Srate,
overcomes the police that watch the restof our legis-
lators, our Governors, our judges, and all our Com-
monwealth authorities, seizes a prison, releases a
murderer, and rides off in triumph.'"
Mr. SHERMAN. I will add, in order not
to weaken the force of my testimony, what a
Senator of the United Slates here on the floor
of the Senate, stated had occurred at a public
meeting in a town in Alabama, while lie was
present canvassing the State as a candidate for
reelection to this body. It is testimony that
everybody will read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. "Warner." '• * * * "In a mo-
ment afterward some of the young men who were
in the clerk's office began firing their pistols with-
out any provocation whatever, Pirst they fired a
few shoK over the audience, who at once turned and
ran. Then they began firing into the crowd from the
windows of the court-house, irom the hall door, from
thecourt-h on _o yard on i ho right, and formed a pretty
pood line within my sight, and It red upon that flee-
ing crowd ol colored men as though they had been
a gang ol wolves or hyenas. They stood there empty-
ing their pistols into the backs of those people as
they were ileeina* in a great crowd, breaking down
the court-hou^e fence m their flight, nut a shot being
fiixd, but each man being intent upon savirn; his life.
"jJr. Moii'-ow Jiow many were struck?
^Vakxjsr. We know of firry-tour colored
men who weic shot during thai affair, of whom wo
have nifoimai ion lhat lour have died, jiow many
more were wounded and how many have since died
I do not know. The people fled and went to their
homes as fast as they could go, and it was only as we
hare gathered up the facts incidentally that we can
know how many men weie wounded or have since
died of their wounds."
Mr. SHERMAN. As another evidence of
the condition of society in Kentucky, and to
place it on testimony that is so cleat that my
fiiends from Kentucky will see that I have not
gathered up shreds of testimony, I wish to have
read the charge of Judge Pryor to a |> ratul jury
in that Stafo. I am assured that Judge Pryor
is not only a Democrat but is conceded to
be one of tho abl^t judges of tho State of
Kentucky, and 1 w-k to have the charge to tho
grand jury, recently delivered, v?vA. when ihey
refused or Oiled to find a bill of indictment
agamst some of these Ku Klux people.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" The on]v alternative left mo, afl your investi-
gation-1 had con el uded, was to hand him over to tho
jj'edeial «utinr, i! i?s; but it seems that the jurisdic-
tion Hi1 it court, over tho onino, as well as the
Stale is to be determine I by an unlawful
organi/VT.on, biouuht into existence for the purpose
Of violating the laws wiih impunity and relieving
ba't mi'nlum puw hmont. If the.-e secret, marked
court • -H e to be It fid, and men taken fiom our county
jaiK at 'hfir will anil pleasure, and at tho ri-dc of
the lives of „!! who rc-int them, wc had as well tear
down our temole; of justice, and place our lives,
libei ty, and property in their hands. "What protec-
tion cm a man h.iveathis homein town or country,
who, by woiu or action, has brought their vengeance
to beai u[)u'i Inm, if, at the hour of midnight, they
are so cvud and reckle-s as to tear him from ti■ s
homo and hang linn to (tie firtt limb by the road-
side? What neee^ity is'here lor «:iifih a tribunal in
thi-* Sta! c? 1 am not cognisant of a tingle instance
in my di.-tilet v/ncic men, indicted for crime, have
escaped penich'iM'Ut when proven guilty ; bat on the
corii r.irv, the able and efficient pro*ecrutiner attorney
has . in;,'eedcd several tuno-s in producing conviction
when the proof did not, m my opinion, .ia^tify it,
and I have pronmtly Set aside the veidiet. The
inclination ol juries, in nil cases. is to punish men
who violiteiheiaw. In the absence of these unlaw-
ful bauds of men the so<.i;l condition of tho Coun-
try would be undisturbed and justice m/ded out m
our courts in accordance with the Jaws of the land.
"Thio (.aiunr be any policical organization. ^ I
reculhcf 1 !>••!. dm .ng tho war pending between the
Government and tho soutaevn States, when men
were an-'Sted • li::i imprisoned without warrant and
"without a. liial, irmo ivlh1 more clamoiou^ for tne
vindication of tln,;r 5 i^hf- tee rourrs of the coun-
try than tho:-e v. h<v> m nip/dlro^ were with the south-
cm ShbtC'? m Ui d ru^tclo: and cerUinb this class
of men ha .-e n  t thio ,i a ido their i>ianhne.:S or
bravery in oid*r to wreak vengeance upon poo),
helpless negroes. This cannot be; tncre is no reason
fur it; no motive in it. There is no excuse, justifica-
tion, or palliation for such conduct; and brave men
would seorn to engage in it. Some one or two
negroes have been shot down in my district by
armed men in disguise. White men have been lacer-
ated with the labh under the judgment of these
courts, a deed as dark as the covering that hides
their faces from the victim's view. Judgment is
pronounced at the silent hour of night by a judge
whose judgment is either executed by a rope around
tho neck or the lash upon the back. Humanity re-
volts at it. Public sentiment, with the aid of the
Legislature and courts, alone can check it. The
negroes I allude to were killed because they were
summoned as witnesses in tho Federal courts, and
were not allowed to testify at home."
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, take
the statement made by the Louisville Courier-
Journal and the statement made by Judge
Pryor in connection, and I will ask whether
even in Kentucky there is not a state of society
that is unrivaled anywhere else, and -whether
this is not proof conclusive of it? But I will
go alittle further. There is one more case, and
only one more case, to which I wish to bring
the attention of the Senate before I go to more
general topics, and it has always shocked me.
This was a deed not committed by the Ku Klux
Klan ; it was an act of private assassination;
and it was always so revolting that I never yet
could become reconciled to it, and I regard it
as the worst type of all the offenses that have
been committed in the South. I have, in order
to be extremely accurate, asked a Senator on
this floor who is perfectly familiar with the
facts to reduce them to writing, so that I
might not add to it or extenuate. lie has done
so ; and these are his words :
"Captain and Brevet Major Joseph G-. Crane, of
the United States Army was killed at Jackson, Mis-
sissippi, in June or July, 18G8, by one Yerger, a
prominent man of the State, who at one time was a
candidate for Governor.
"The laets are these: Crane had been appointed
and was acting as mayor of that city. As inavor he
ai tempted to collect the tax due the city by Yerger.
Yerger had declined and persisted m n fusing to pay.
Crane took legal advice and decided to attach a
piano in Yerger's house. Yerger was then in Mem-
phis, Tennessee, and when informed of the fact by
telegraph sent a threatening telegraph to Jackson.
" Y erger, upon reaching J ackson, challenged Crane
to fight a duel with him. This Crane declined t-o do.
Yerger armed and went on the streets to kill him.
This fact was known and was anticipated a number
of hours before it occurred, Yerger met Crane,
grossly insulted him, calling him a damned Yankee,
a Yankee son of a bitch, &c. Crnne turned from him
to walk awa v. Yerger, who is a largepoweriul man,
caught hold of him, holding him by the aim?, and
drn.wina: a large thug-knife from his breast, upon
which his hand had been resting all the time, and
with two or three stabs reached his heart and ho fell
dead.''
This gentleman who was killed was a native
of the State of Ohio, a gentleman of good
family, high culture, and carefully educated.
'* A mo«t feul, horrible, and premeditated mur-
der. "\\ hiie the controversy was going on men who
beard Yerger said they knew he would kill Crane,
and went to the back parts of their stores to be out
ol sii-.ht and hearing when the deed should be done,
it was perpetiated on the most puhlie street and
place. After the deed Yerger deliberately went to
tbo telegraph to send a telegram over the country to
iorm public opinion,
" The telegram began as follows: 'In a personal
alteication between Colonel Yerger and Colonel
Crane.' ilere he stopped, and failed to send the
telegram. Tfehad, before the event, spoken to the
telegraph, or had sent a relative immediately after
the murder to the telegraph opciator not to send
any telegrams until he had heard from him.
" Y>rger now is free and treated by ail with high
eonsideiation."
This might have occurred in any community.
A man of violent temper might go and commit
a murder of this kind anywhere. Such atroci-
ties have happened. -But is there any place
on God's earth where such a man could go
scot-free, without question, honored, and re-
spected, a man who had committed a plain,
deliberate murder, an act stamped by Almighty
God with the worst signet and seal? Cain, the
first murderer, was dnven away. Sir, it does
seem to me the worst feature of southern soci-
ety, that which I cannot understand, that
such a man as Yerger, a deliberate assassin,
should stand free in that community, honored,
respected, or spoken to by any mortal man.
Mr. Piesident, these are all the cases that
I shall bring before the Senate, not because
there are not many more, for I have here, in
the clearest and strongest testimony, in news-
papers and in various forms, innumerable cases
that would occupy me for days in merely read-
ing a short abstract and statement of them. I
appeal now to Senators whether there is not
a condition of society in the- South that calls
for our action if we intend to retain a repub-
lican form of government, if we intend to hold
up this Government of ours as a pattern for
other nations. If we do, we must, without
regard to party, in the language of the judge
of Kentucky, put down this condition of things
in some way or other.
There are some peculiarities, and those
peculiarities give tone and color to this whole
matter. I have confined myself, thus far, to
a simple delineation of the character of this
organization, of the nature of its crimes, of
the extensiveness of its crimes, and of the
strength and power of the organization. There
are two or three peculiarities about it which
are as striking as are these other matters. The
first is that all these crimes are committed
upon Republicans. The judge who made the
charge to the grand jury in Kentucky says this
is not a political organization, but he had not
at that time read the testimony here contain-
ing the oath, and all this multiplied testimony,
showing that it is a political organization, not
approved by all Democrats, I know. It is a
rebel organization ; it is flaunting again the
rebel flag in our faces $ but instead of open and
manly warfare, it is assassination substituted
for war.
I call the attention of those gentlemen who
have examined the subject to the fact that
there is no case where any crime or offense
has been committed upon Democrats by this
political organization that I know of. All
have been upon one political party. Thus,
in the South, where the Republican party is
mainly composed of a comparatively few white
men and the great mass of the colored eman-
cipated population, the white men are to be
terrorized and the negroes are to be scourged
and lashed and slaughtered. This cannot go
011 much longer. I tell you, gentlemen, that
if this thing goes on, although the black race
is the most humble and obedient that ever
trod this earth of ours, as sure as fate retalia-
tion will come with fearful force. Even the
worm would rise under such persecution.
Why, sir, in England they tried to put down
the humble and lower classes there in two or
three revolutions, but it always reacted. And
these scourges and outrages cannot continue
much longer before they will produce their
inevitable result. Then what? Do you desire
a war between the white and the black race,
the burning of barns and houses, murder, and
desolation ?
Up to this hour I can say that there is no
case brought to my attention where this organ-
ization has committed outrages on any Demo-
crat. If there is, I do hope Senators will pal-
liate this statement by showing that this same
kind of outrage has been turned against Dem-
ocrats as well as Republicans. It is the worst
feature of this thing that it is partisan and po-
litical, that it arrays one party against another.
The only distinction between our civilization
and the Mexican republic is that here when
the majority decide the minority defers and
we all stand upon the old liag. But when you
can have one party burning and robbing,
slaughtering and murdering, it will not be long
before the other party, whether the majority
or the minority, will resortto the same tactics.
It is one of the fearful elements and dangers
which always surround a republican Govern-
ment. "Whenever there is a refusal to obey
the laws made by the majority in due form,
and whenever popular opinion in any com-
munity can override the laws, then there is no
longer a republican Government j itis anarchy
first, and despotism afterward.
Mr. President, there is another remarkable
feature of this whole proceeding, and that is that
from the beginning to the end in all this extent
