1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulied—yeas 25, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Cragin,
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Kellogg,
Morton, Osborn, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schura.
Sprague, Sumner, Ihurman, Tipton, Victors, West,
Wilson, and \Vtndom—25.
^essrs- Ames, Eoroman, Buckingham,
Caldwell. Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Coukling, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Jerry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
l'lanagan, Brelinghuysen, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock.
Howe, ivelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Pool, Pratt, Kamscy, Sawyer, Scott, Spen-
n01'. Stewarr, Stockton. Trumbull, and Wright—35.
AB&EN1—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Corbett,
Johnston, Lewis, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Sher-
man, and Stevenson—10.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. .SUMNER. I move that the resolution
be amended by striking out all relating to the
common jail, so that it' the resolution passes
the witness shall be committed simply to the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves to strike out that part of
the resolution which proposes a confinement
in the jail of this District, and to insert con-
finement by the Sergeant-at-Arms of this body.
Mr. SUMNER. In support of that amend-
ment I will say that the only precedent we
have in our history known to me for this case
is that of Nugent, and he was committed to
the custody of the Sergeant-at Arms. It ap-
pears from the newspapers of the time that
there was a perpetual menace, as the excite-
ment increased, that the custody should be
changed to the common jail, but it does not
appear that it was so changed. He continued
ior some two months in the custody of the
Sergeant-at Arms. We all know, also, thai
after the trial of impeachment a witness was
taken into custody ; but it was simply the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House.
There is one other precedent to which I
ought to allude, and it will be for the Senate
to say whether they will follow it. It is the
resolution of the Senate in the spring of I860,
on the motion of Mr. Mason, chairman of the
committee raised especially to persecute the
supposed associates of John Brown, and taking
one of them into custody, bringing him into
this Chamber, propounding to him certain in-
terrogatories which he refused to answer. Mr.
Mason finally brought forward a resolution
that he should be committed to the common
jail. That, sir, is the precedent which it is
now proposed to follow. The Senate will con-
sider whether they will follow the lead of Mr.
Mason, author of the fugitive slave bill, chair-
man of the Harper's Ferry investigating com-
mittee, and afterward a rebel, in committing
a citizen to the common jail, or whether they
will follow the better precedent of the Senate
at a better day and under better auspices.
On this motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas CI, nays27; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard,Blair, Casserly,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Penton,
(ril lert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
ila- lan. Hill, Kellogg, Kelly, Morton, Osborn, Pool,
Iti03, Robertson, Saulsbury,Schurz, Spraguo,Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, West, Wil-
son, and Windom—31.
MAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Conk ling.
D risof Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
l-'orry of Michigan, Flanagan, Prelinghuysen, Ham-
lin, Hitchcock. Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ol Vermont, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Spencer,
St-swart, Trumbull, and Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Coje,
Cooper, Johnston, Lewis, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Sawyer, Sherman, and Stevenson—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr, WILSON. I move to strike out so much
of the resolution as proposes to continue this
special committee of investigation during the
reeeas; and upon that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
42d.Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 55.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not intend to
spend any time on this motion. Of course if
it prevails the effect of it is to say that these
men shall be discharged from custody as soon
as this session adjourns, which it is supposed
will probably be in about a week or ten days,
and it will accomplish what my honorable and
learned friend from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] yes-
terday said would be a shameful farce.
Mr, SUMNER, I should like to know if
there is any precedent in the history of this
country or of any other parliamentary country
for the proceeding now proposed. I am not
aware of it. We have the distinct avowal that
the committee is to be continued simply to
continue the imprisonment of these witnesses.
I think I do not err when I say this is the first
time in _ parliamentary history that any such
proposition has been made. A committee is
to be kept alive merely to keep fellow-citizens
in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. WILSON. In jail.
Mr, SUMNER. No, the jail is struck out;
the jail is gone. That part of the resolution
the Senate has rejected. I think the Senate
will show equal wisdom if it refuses to adopt
a proposition, absolutely without precedent,
simply to keep these witnesses in custody. I
am not sure that the result would follow that
is contemplated. I am not sure that the pres-
ence of the committee, even unanimously, in
Washington, would suffice to keep those wit-
nesses in custody. I know no authority for
any such proceeding. The power may be in-
vented. I doubt if it can be sustained by any
precedent. Considering, sir, that it is abso-
lutely without precedent, that it is contrary to
reason, and I submit also contrary to human-
ity and contrary to sound sense, I hope the
Senate will not allow those words to continue
in the resolution. Let them be dropped as
"the jailwas dropped; and if these wit-
nesses are to be taken iuto custody let it be
according to the familiar precedents in such
cases. It is a familiar principle of parliament-
ary history that the power of a legislative body
to commit expires with the session ; and now
for the first time we have a device to prolong
that power. Surely, it should not be entered
upon without careful consideration. I think
it ought to be rejected at once.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I hope
this committee will be continued, and that it
will continue its labors until it discovers who
is the reporter of the exeeutive sessions of
this body. It is well known that for years
there has scarcely been an utterance in exeeu-
tive session on this floor that has not been
reported the next day in the New York news-
papers. It is utterly impossible for these gen-
tlemen to be in a position where they can hear
those debates, and yet with wonderful accuracy
those debates have been spread upon the news-
paper press the next morning. There must be
a culprit in this body, and I hope this commit-
tee will continue its investigations until the
culprit is found out and brought to condign
punishment, I care not who he is. Sir, there
are but few men living who could report a four
hours' debate from memory, and yet I have
seen day after day, and week after week, the
reports of executive sessions of this body spread
before the country in the newspaper press. I
waut this investigation to go on until the re-
porter for the press in this body is discovered,
and I hope it will go on; and let the culprit be
expelled from, this body, for he has no busi-
HGSS hero.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Michigan
desires that the reporter of our executive pro-
ceedings, which are held here under the seal
of secrecy, should be discovered by this invest-
igation. I am very glad to hear the voice of
virtue thus energetically come forth in this
body; but it so happens that we have a case
under consideration here in which it is already
testified that no Senator and that no officer of
this body is the guilty party.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. Oh, no.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did we not hear Mr. White
stale just that here in open Senate?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Is not that very statement
contained in the written answer which Mr.
White submitted to this body to-day?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Let it bo read, then,
IheVlCIii PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report, at the request of the Senator from
Missouri, that part of the answer of Mr. White
bearing on this point.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"I have already testified before the special com-
iruttc© of tho bonato that I did not rccoivo what
purports to beacopy of tho treaty ot' Washington
from any (senator or officer of tho Senate; that it
was printed on folio pages, a single column on each
page; and that I first saw it at or about ton o'clock
on the mght ot May 10th instant."
Mr. SCHURZ. Read on.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading as
follows:
" I have since boeu informed that tho copy which
I thus doscribed was not a Senate document, but
Wits one printed by order of tho State Department,
of which I am also informed forty or more copies
were printed for tho use of tho Department and for
distribution. I am now ready to fro before thespeei.il
committee of tho Senate and to testify that neither
directly nor indirectly did I receive the copy of what
purports to be the treaty of Washington from any
Senator or oflicerof the Senate, nor, so far as X know,
from any employe thereof."
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, sir, I ask, does not
the testimony given by Mr. White sustain my
statement as far as it went? Mr. White ex-
plicitly testifies that he has nothing to say
about the reporter of our executive proceed-
ings, whom the Senator from Michigan insists
upon discovering; and when I see this sudden
explosion of virtue, which now demands at
the hand of a newspaper reporter disclosures
about the man who betrays the secret of our
executive session in a case where the betrayal
did not come from a Senator nor from an offi-
cer of the Senate, I am bound to conclude
that such virtue is a mighty cheap article in
this instance.
Mr. President, let us consider for one mo-
ment the situation in which the gentlemen are
placed who are now at the bar of the Senate.
I have no doubt that the proceedings which are
proposed to us are withiu the power of this
body; I have no doubt that we have a right to
do what the committee desires us to do ; but
the question with me is whether it is also our
duty to do so. What are these gentlemen
charged with? They received a copy of a treaty
which was communicated to theSenatein con-
fidence, and they secured its publication. That
treaty, however, was not communicated to the
Senate alone in confidence, but to a good many
other persons outside of this body. " It had
passed through the hands of many, high and
low, before it reached these Halls. Thus even
without the testimony of Mr. White it would
be perfectly clear that, although it might indeed
have come into Mr. White's hands from a Sen-
ator, yet there was a strong possibility that it
might also have come there from somebody
else.
Let me state the circumstances of the case
further. A synopsis of that treaty was pub-
lished, as is generally asserted, and has never
been denied, by the authority of the State
Department, which makes it evident that the
executive branch of this Government had not
only no objection to the publication of this
document, but even desired it. Prom this 1
draw the conclusion that in the opinion of the
executive department of the Government no
danger at all could result to tho peace and to
the best interests of this country from its pub-
lication. As far as that is concerned, there-
fore, the transaction of which Mr. White is
guilty is absolutely harmless, as testified to by
authority of high standing.
Still, I shall not deny that his refusal to tes-
tify as to the source from which he obtained
his information may not be looked upon in the
same light. But can we fail to see the miti-
