1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
permit me to give him an illustration to the
contrary ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have given way onee.
Mr. COOPER. I simply wanted to answer
what the honorable Senator asked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is on the floor.
Mr. COOPER. Thy man killed was a known
rebel, and he was killed by the Ku Klux, or
what purported to be Ku Klux, men in dis-
guise. They were taken up and bound over.
The occurrence was near the city of Nashville.
Mr. SHERMAN. Were they convicted?
Mr. COOPER. No; they were bound over
to answer at court. They have not yet been
tried, however, by the court.
Mr. SHERMAN. They killed a rebel, I
understand, a mail who was a known rebel.
Mr. COOPER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. They will be convicted,
I have no doubt. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. Will my friend from Ohio allow
me to make one remark here? I wish to say
that it has been the boast of Morgan county,
in Georgia, that it has always enforced the
criminal laws with great exactness. I am not
prepared to say that the same offense commit-
ted anywhere else in Georgia would have met
with the same prompt punishment. I do not
say so, certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already consumed
all the time on that branch of the case that
I desire. I now turn to the report of the
minority of the committee, signed by two gen-
tlemen for whom I not only entertain high
respect, but whose names ought to carry with
them a great deal of respect m the country. I
wiah to examine the grounds upon which they
place their report.
In the first place, I do not understand these
gentlemen to deny the material allegations
made by the majority report. I do not under-
stand them to deny, except in lawyer-like
general phraseology, the material allegations
made by the majority that this is a political
organization, spreading terror and violence
over a vast region of country, outraging its ad-
versaries, and protecting themselves from pun-
ishment in the courts; but they give a number
of apologies, very plausibly stated, and I will
try now to analyze them, if I can, and answer
them. 1 will state frankly that if I fail to reach
the gist of their various accusations I shall be
perfectly willing to give either of them an
opportunity to state any allegation they may
make to the contrary, although I suppose it
would be more methodical to let them do it at
some other time.
They say, as I understand, that civil and crim-
inal process may be served throughout the
State of North Carolina. Admit it. What then?
Does that meet the point? They say any con-
stable can go into any county of North Carolina
and serve process, and any sheriff may serve
process, civil or criminal. What of it? Has
there been a case where any criminal prosecu-
tion has resulted in conviction ? These people
have devised a new mode of resistance. The
ordinary mode of criminals to resist the Gov-
ernment is to escapc, run away, hide in the
caves where rogues naturally hide : but these
men do not do that. Any constable could go
up to a Ku Klux and say, "You are charged
with murdering Outlaw.1' "Well, what of it?
I will go with you to any justice of the peace
or judge in the State of North Carolina/' He
goes, process is served; but is he punished,
is he convicted; is he tried ; is he put in ter-
ror? There is the point; and 1 am not going
to waste time to answer twenty pages of this
document, for I believe about fifteen or twenty
pages are introduced to show that anybody
can serve process in North Carolina.
Mr. BAYARD. I suppose the honorable
Seiator would prefer to be answered at the
moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If, Mr. President, I do
injustice I will give way for an explanation. I
do not wish to do either Senator injustice, but
I think I state logically the points; I do not
make them in the order of the minority report,
but I state them in the order in which they
naturally occur to me.
The next allegation—afew pages are devoted
to that—that Iiolden and Kirk's militia were
rude and insolent. I am inclined to think they
were. They treated some of these Ku Klux
whom they arrested in Alamance county not
quite so courteously as these people have been
accustomed to he treated. But compare the
treatment of Holden and Kirk to these Ku
Klux murderers of Outlaw or their treatment
of the poor negroes. Kirk, it seems, tried to
compel some of these fellows to confess, and
threatened them if they did not confess he
would do so and so. The substance of it I
will read in a single paragraph. They com-
plain here that these Ku Klux who were
arrested were not treated civilly :
" See the testimony of Mi-. Kerr, Mr. Turner, and
others, who were prisoners of Kirk, as to cursing; and
threatening them that if the citizens should attack
him or attempt a rescue ho would shoot all his pris-
oners in cold blood and burn down the village of
Yancyeville with all its inhabitants."
And if they had attacked him to make a
rescue from him of prisoners whom he held
under the law, he was bound to prevent that
rescue, even if it led to the shooting of every
prisoner. That is law.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator what kind of law such cow-
ardly murder as that could be called?
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, it
is cowardly murder to take these Ku Klux
desperadoes and assassins and try to get from
them the truth even by threat; and yet it is
not cowardly murder to strike down Outlaw.
Mr. CASSERLY. No; that was not what
the Senator said. He said that Kirk would
be justified in shooting his prisoners in cold
blood in case of trouble.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say this, that when an
officer is charged with a writ and has in his
possession men charged with murder, where
a mob seeks to rescue them, he is bound, at
the cost of his own life and of theirs, to pre-
vent it; and an officer who would not do it is
not deserving of the name of an officer.
Mr. BLAIR. He had no writ.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman is now
going into outside matter.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentlemen arrested were
not charged with any crime. There was no
charge made against them of any kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to go
into the question of the validity of the laws of
North Carolina authorizing the militia to be
called out to put down these desperadoes.
That is a local question which I do not choose
to go into. The Senators say Kirk treated
these men rudely and unlawfully, that Holden
did it unlawfully and rudely. What has that
to do with this case ?
Mr. THURMAN. Is rudeness all? Did
he not hang men by the neck to make them
testify ? 
There was one case 
Three.
Now, Mr. President,
this, whatever it was,
occurred after these men had been guilty of
murder themselves and they had robbed and
plundered, whipped, and scourged in that
county.
Mr. BAYARD. There is not one word of
testimony on that point.
Mr. BLAIR. Not a particle of evidence
against any man that Kirk arrested.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am amazed that these
Senators, with all their candor, should make
such a statement.
Now, Mr. President, let us go a little fur-
ther. My honorable friends from Delaware
and Missouri, I think, have indulged in one
or two remarks here that are not exactly right.
On page 8 of their minority report they sneer
Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. THURMAN.
Mr. SHERMAN,
remember that all
at the witnesses examined before the commit-
tee, and especially at the negroes. They say on
that page:
"' Social ostracism' is complained of, (page 19.)
and so on; weakly and corruptly this miserable
young man shambles in his evidence, alleging grave-
ly (on rage 22) that Ex-President Johnson is 'said
to have been ' rlie head of the order; and such is the
grade of testimony relied upon to overthrow the so-
cial and political fabric of an old Commonwealth,
containing nearly one and a half million peo-
ple. Then follow three or four editors of Radical
newspapers, and with them State officers, judges,
solicitors, sheriffs, and constables, all apprehensive
of the constitutional convention which shall deprive
them of their salaried offices or party spoils, each
man speaking more or less vehemently in his own
immediate interest, but no tone testifying facts, with-
in his own knowledge, tending to prove North Caro-
lina to bo loss safe as a, place of residence than any
portion of the Union lying north of her boundaries."
All these judges of the supreme court, all
these officers of North Carolina, all these
sheriffs, clerks, constables, &c., that were
summoned before this committee are whistled
down the wind as persons that were afraid they
would be "legislated out of office. As these
witnesses do not testify to anything material
to this controversy that is not testified to by
good Democrats, I would be perfectly willing
to have taken up this testimony and excluded
from my consideration everything but the ad-
mitted facts. I do not think it was exactly
necessary to spread that sneer before the peo-
ple of the United States. But they go on a
little further:
"Dut the negroes, tnus made the masters of the des-
tiny of these States, would no doubt have followed
the counsels of their former masters if they had
been left to themselves, and hence, to gain their ob-
ject, it beeamc necessary for the carpet-baggers and
their allies to descioy the sympathy and good feel-
ing which had always existed befwecn the white
people and the black people at the South, and which
marked all their relations even during the war,
when the blacks worked cheerfully and iaitbfully to
■support the wives and children of the confederate
soldiers at t.he front, and remained steadfast and
obedient to their masters to the very last."
Why, Mr. President, with such an eulogium
on that race, with such a proud and haughty
boast of the domineering supremacy of the
white race, and of the obedience and fidelity of
these poor slaves, how is it that these people
can find it in their hearts to rob and scourge
and murder them? If it was any other race
of men that they were dealing with, they would
find the tables turned quicker than lightning.
I say, therefore, it is not exactly fair to sneer
at these witnesses, whether negroes'or office-
holders.
But the chief point of this minoiity report is
to show that the Ku Klux outrages were justi-
fied by the organization of secret leagues on
the part of the negroes. Let us see what was
the character of their secret leagues. Were
they any other than ordinary associations of
men bound together for a lawful purpose?
What does this book show in regard to the
Union Leagues or the secret leagues which it
is said the negroes joined? Nothing butwhat
they had a right to do. Every political organ-
ization is, to some extent, a secret league,
although I imagine that our political organiza-
tion is not very secret. There are secret organ-
izations for a multitude of purposes. There is
the Masonic fraternity, there are the Odd Fel-
lows, and other organizations of that kind that
spread charity over the whole country and do
a great deal of good. There are secret organ-
izations without u umber, of almost every nation-
ality, of almost every church, of almost every
sect. There are rings within rings that keep
their own secrets. The only test to be applied
to a secret society is whether the purpose is law-
ful, whether the conduct of the actors in the
society is lawful; and I say there 13 no evidence
in all this mass of testimony that any one belong-
ing to the Union Leagues, these political Re-
publican oigamzations, have committed an act
of crime or violence. There are some slight
cases where negroes may have threatened, and,
peihaps, may have done some violence to some
other negroes for not voting the Republican
ticket: but there was no organized movement
