866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
gating circumstances surrounding such an
offense? Mr. White, in his answer, gave us
his conception of his professional duties as a
newspaper correspondent. When you look at
it impartially, do you not find it to be true
that a member of the press gathering news fre-
quently obtains that information under the seal
of personal confidence, and when you bring
him up before a committee and endeavor to
force him to disclose the source of his informa-
tion that he stands there between two conflict-
ing duties weighing upon his mind with equal
weight? On the one hand, he has given his
word of honor as a gentleman not to reveal a
secret; on the other hand, he is required, as
a witness, by a congressional committee to
reveal it. Is it strange, is it absolutely bad,
in a moral point of view, that he should debate
within himself whether the revelation is of such
necessity to the welfare of his country that he
should throw overboard all those other obli-
gations of honor into which he has entered
in obtaining his information? Can you not
imagine many instances in which a man of
honor would find it extremely difficult, nay,
impossible, to do such a thing?
Why, sir, this very morning I was told by a
journalist engaged in the collection of news
in the city of Washington that not very long
ago he had received certain information from
a member of the executive branch of this
Government with the expressed desire that it
should be published ; that he was brought up
before a legislative committee to reveal the
source from which he had derived that informa-
tion, but that having promised not to do so,
in his conscience he could find no warrant for
that revelation. I ask gentlemen how could
he possibly have violated the confidence re-
posed in him ? There he stood between two
duties. You may say that his refusal to fulfill
either might render him guilty of a grave
offense; but is it not after all natural that the
duty of personal honor should weigh heavily
■with him, and that he, thus unhappily situated,
should rather have our sympathy than our
condemnation ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator whether in his judgment this gentleman's
sense of professional honor should be higher
than his obligation to the law?
Mr. SCHUllZ. What law, I should like to
ask in the first place ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The law which
obliges him to answer the questions propounded
to him.
Mr. SCHURZ. The gentleman at the bar
of the Senate has stated already that he con-
siders himself under the same obligation under
which a physician or a clergyman or an attor-
ney would consider himself.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator whether he considers it so?
Mr. SCHURZ. In answer to the Senator
from Maine I will repeat what I have stated, that
here there is one of those grave conflicts of duty
perplexing to the conscience of any man, for
he is in danger of going wrong whichever way
he goes. I do not know whether the Sena-
tor from Maine has ever been in any such con-
flict, but certainly, when he looks at it fairly,
he cannot deny that such conflicts sometimes
do exist, and that it is extremely difficult for
the most conscientious man to decide in which
direction the voice of honor or the voice of
duty calls him.
The expression "honor among thieves" has
been used here in connection with this case.
The example of the I£u Klux Klan has been
raised up before our eyes. Why, gentlemen,
do you not all feel, whatever you may say, that
the membersofthe press, the journalists around
us, by whatever means they may obtain their
information, are neither thieves nor members
of any organization^ of dishonorable tenden-
cies ? There is not a single accuser of Mr. White
on this floor to-day who would not to-morrow
associate with him as a gentleman. You all
feel the difference, however nice the parallels
may be that you run—you all know the moral
difference. Why, then, indulge in such wild
talk at all ?
No, sir; I think that in a case like this, where
there are perplexing conflicts of duties, one
of which of a professional character, where
the voice of duty and honor is heard calling
in two divergent directions, the consideration
of the Senate should certainly be given to the
peculiarities of the case, that the most lenient
course should be followed instead of the sever-
est, and that, by adopting the amendment now
before us, we should keep within time hon-
ored precedents, especially when we can fore-
see that a departure from them in the direction
of severity will be of no avail at all.
I think the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thtjr-
man] spoie a very wise word yesterday when
he was asked a question about the law, and he
said he considered it a good law not to do a
foolish thing in such a case as this; and that
is my opinion. I desire to assert the dignity
of the Senate as strenuously as any member
of this body; but, gentlemen, I find no such
assertion in this proceeding, if we had indi-
cations pointing to a Senator, or an officer of
the Senate, it might be different; but having
indications pointing just in the other direction,
what will the impartial world say? In hun-
dreds and hundreds of oases where the secret
proceedings of our executive sessions have
been revealed, and where all the circumstances
indicated that the information must have come
from some member or officer of this body, the
Senate did not raise a hand; but when a case
occurs where all the probabilities are that no
man connected with the Senate but some out-
sider is the guilty party, then to throw up our
hands in horror, and thus trying to set an
example of exalted virtue, that is not the way
to vindicate our honor.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 wish to submit a ques-
tion to my fiiend from Missouri. I want to
know if he is not himself possessed of that
information which leads him reasonably and
almost certainly to believe that if these ques-
tions are required to be answered, and the
thing is traced, it will be brought home to the
Senate?
Mr. SCHURZ. I am not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then the Senator has less
information than many other Senators, 1 think.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, in hearing
the arguments of different Senators in refer-
ence to the question before the Senate I have
been somewhat surprised. It is not a ques-
tion as to whether the two gentlemen who are
present here as witnesses have committed an
offense by transmitting for publication that
which purported to be a treaty between two
Governments, for they have committed no
offense in that respect; but it is whether or
not they are guilty of an offense toward the
Senate by refusing to answer a legal and proper
question which was asked them by a commit-
tee of the Senate. In listening to the argu-
ment as to the manner in which the Senate
shall deal with this case I am reminded of
the action of a county court on one occasion
that I have heard of. You appoint a com-
mittee to do what? To investigate a subject
over which you certainly have jurisdiction.
You give that committee full authority to
investigate it, and to ascertain a fact. What
fact? As to who revealed the secrets of the
Senate. That is the fact you desire to ascer-
tain.
In order that they may ascertain that fact,
you first give them the authority and you must
then sustain them in enforcing that authority.
They ask a question of a witness which he
refuses to answer. He is then brought to the
bar of the Senate, and the witness says to the
Senate that he declines to answer the ques-
tion; why? For some reasons that he has
which are not good reasons in the judgment
of the Senate. He declines to give the inform-
ation. What does the Senate do? The Sen-
ate then decline to enforce the authority which
they have conferred on the committee to as-
certain a fact; they decline to punish for the
refusal on the part of this witness to testify to
a fact. As I said, it reminded me of what
occurred in a county court once. A gentle-
man came forward and asked that he might
have a ferry across a river and a road to it.
The court decided that he should have the
ferry but should not have the road. [Laugh-
ter.] And so in this case you decide that this
committee shall investigate this question, but
when you bring the witnesses before you, who
refuse and tell you that they decline to an-
swer the questions put by the committee, you
decide that they shall notbe punished for that
refusal. Hence you take out of the commit-
tee the power to enforce that which you your-
selves voted should be enforcedj the answer
to certain questions.
This is establishing a precedent. I have no
feeling, so far as I am concerned, against
these gentlemen, or against any others who
may be supposed to be instrumental in such
publications. I was not here when the reso-
lution passed ordering the investigaiion. I
do not know whether 1 should have voted for
it or not if I had been here; but coming here
with the resolution of the Senate in force
authorizing this committee to investigate this
matter, it then, in my judgment, becomes my
duty as a Senator to sustain the committee
until they do ascertain the fact that the Senate
has required that they shall ascertain.
Now, what is the precedent that you are
establishing? A witness comes before a com-
mittee and refuses to answer a proper question.
What is it? From whom he obtained a copy,
or pretended copy, of this treaty. He says,
"I did not obtain it from a Senator, nor did
I obtain it from an officer or employ 6 of the
Senate;" and there you stop. Now, let me
put a case to the Senate. Suppose a charge
of corruption was presented to the Senate
against a Government officer, no matter whom,
and you, as a court, had him before you trying
him on articles of impeachment. A witness
comes forward and testifies that he paid money
to acertain person. You ask him, " Who was
that person?" " I decline to answer. I will
say I did not pay it to the court; I did not
bribe the court. I did not pay the money to
any of the court; nor did I pay it to the clerk ;
nor did I pay it to any party connected with the
court; but I decline to answer to whom I did
payit." I should like to know how you could
go along with the impeachment of that officer.
How much further could you advance ? Why,
sir, the wheels of justice might be clogged every
day in that way. You never could mvesti|ate
a case.
Suppose you had the case of a charge of
corruption against a Senator. I hope no such
thing will ever occur; but suppose a charge
of bribery were made against one of your
honorable body, and a committee were in-
vestigating the facts under a resolution of the
Senate requiring that committee to inquire
and ascertain whether money had been paid
for a vote, or for anything, no matter what.
A man comes up before the committee aud
he is asked, "Did you ever pay any money?"
"Yes." "How much?" " Ten thousand dol-
lars." "To whom did you pay it?" "I decline
to answer that question. I will answer, how-
ever, that I did not payit to a Senator; I did not
payit to the Sergeant-at-Arms; I did not payit
to an officer of the Senate or any employ 6 of the
Senate." And there you stop and say, " That
answers the question, that excludes the idea
that any Senator received the money." But
if he answers to whom he did pay it, perhaps
you can obtain from that person some fact
which may connect somebody with this corrupt
transaction. And yet here the Senate, a ma-
jority of them lawyers, sit here to-day and are
willing to decide that no punishment except
