160
THE COmRlSSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
of that kind, and nothing of that sort was
justified by any organization. To class the
two together and to justify the Ku Klux by
the organization of the Union Leagues would
be to justify murder and other crime by the
commission of any common, lawful, and
proper act.
I know that when my honorable friend from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] was struggling to secure
to the people of Kansas relief from the border
ruffians this same kind of appeal was made.
Then, when we showed that the border ruf-
fians of Missouri had overridden Kansas, beaten
downthe ballot-box, and usurped all authority
in IhatTerritory, and sought to impose the rule
of a minority on the majority, the reply was,
"these Yankees organized emigrant aid so-
cieties to send men out there and people that
country, and therefore we are justified in driv-
ing them out, in seizing their government, in
seizing their ballot-box." But that argument
did not, then prevail with my honorable friend
from Missouri, and he and I stood Shoulder to
shoulder in that conflict and insisted that the
right to emigrate was a right which might be
exercised either by individual or combined
action, and might be aided by corporations
and other influences; and the seizing of the
ballot-box and the commission of crime could
not be justified by the doing of any lawful act.
1 say, therefore, there is nothing in this mass
of testimony that will sustain this point made
by these honorable gentleman.
There is another point made by them in
which I am rather disposed to concur. Since
the close of the war i have always been dis-
posed to vole for the most favorable amnesty
bill, and 1 have always voted for any amnesty
bill that passed or was pending in Congress.
These gentlemen claim that the exclusion from
office of the leading rebels in the southern
States tends to promote this lawless state of
society and therefore to some extent exonerates
and justifies this lawless violence. I do not
see on what ground that is brought in. They
complain that under the fourteenth amendment
the men most, influential in society are excluded
from holding office. They are not excluded
from the right to vote; everybody votes in
North Carolina.
Mr. BLAIR. Many of them were c-xcludcd
under the reconstruction acts from voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was only at the first
election. The Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Pool] tells me that in North Carolina
every man over iwcnty-one years of age has
Voted since 1868, so that the exclusion of
these men is only from the right to hold office
where they themselves violated the official oath
which they took on previously holding office.
Although the number of these men now must
be comparatively few, my own inclination has
been that it is better to wipe out all these
restrictions. As we have gone so far in this
direction, 1 have been disposed to vote for the
broadest amnesty. I would be very glad indeed
to compromise on amnesty for the past and
order and liberty for the future. But to say
that this exclusion from the right to hold office
is a mitigation or justification of lawless vio-
lence, it seems to me is making a very small
point. The immber of persons thus excluded
in the State of North Carolina cannot be over
four hundred. I ask the Senator from North
Carolina what the number is?
Mr. POOL. I cannot state the number
excluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be very large;
it may be more, it may be less ; but it is not
the men excluded from office who commit
those outrages and murders. It is not that
class of men, generally property-holders and
oid citizens, who commit these outrages. If
they were the guilty parties, if it was shown
that the men excluded for a time from holding
office are the men wiio incite and set on these
marauders who ride over the country and com-
mit ihese robberies and murders, I never would
vote to extend an amnesty to them or anything
else but the halter. There is no connection
between these outrages and the mere exclusion
of a few men in North Carolina from the right
to hold office.
So, sir, they have dragged into the minority
report the alleged improvident and corrupt
conduct of the Legislature of North Carolina
in regard to the issuing of bonds in aid of
railroads. I am rather inclined to think they
make a pretty strong case of improvidence and
folly against that Legislature. It must be borne
in mind, however, that in every State thcro
has been in its history a mania for public im-
provements at some time. Long before I could
vote I remember that Ohio embarked so largely
in public improvements, by the action of both
Whig and Democratic Legislatures, that they
involved us in a debt of $20,000,000, and the
bonds of the State of Ohio were at one tirae
sold at fifty cents on the dollar, so wild was this
mania. So in Indiana, and indeed in most of
the older States. England and France have
each had their railroad mania, and this Gov-
ernment has been lavish and improvident in
railroad grants.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him, I will say that there is a broad
distinction between the railroad manias in
other States and what has taken place in North
Carolina and the other southern States since
reconstruction. In those States not a dollar
of the money taken from the State has gone"
to build railroads, but it has all gone into the
pockets of the adventurers.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that be tree, I should
be as willing as the Senator from Missouri to
punish every man concerned in it. It must be
remembered, however, that there are a great
many things to be said on the other side. If
I am correctly informed, Governor Holdcn is
not personally involved in this matter, and the
policy of railroad subsidies was supported by
both parties and by public opinion. The pres-
idents and officers and managers of the rail-
roads, and the men who got the bonds and got
the money that was stolen or misapplied—-of
which 1 do not know anything—were Demo-
crats. I will warrant you they were on hand
if anything of that kind was going on, as eager
for the prey as any of those poor negroes.
Mr. BLAIR. They would have no chancc
with your people if they were there. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that any justification
for robbing and murdering negroes ? Because
members of the Legislature of North Carolina
and other men in that State are charged with
plundering that Stale, is that any reason to
justify these crimes? These ciimes took
place before the railroad robbery, as it is
called, commenced. I do not know enough
about the railroad controversy to discuss it,
because the testimony does not disclose it
sufficiently, and I shall leave that to others ;
but, a3 a matter of course, if the Legislature
of North Carolina have engaged in corrupt
practices in regard to issuing bonds to rail-
roads they ought to be punished ; "every officer
connected with such a violation of law and
every person who participated in it ought to be
puuished. But what has that to do, cxcept as
a mere make-weight argument—what connec-
tion has that with the robbing of negroes, the
whipping of women, the wild harrowing of a
great population?
Mr. BLAIR. The resolutions under which
we were acting directed an inquiry as regards
the security of life and property, and I though t
the stealing of some fifteen million dollars by
the Legislature, and the adventurers, the scal-
awags, and the carpet-baggers, who went in
there, was pertinent under that resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose it was, here is
the difference : if the Senator from Missouri
will show us any way to prevent these wrongs
to property there 
Mr. BLAIR. I have told you the way. It
is to give North Carolina a responsible gov-
ernment, not to force upon her these negroes
and carpet-baggers who are irresponsible to
the people, and who rob with impunity.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has dis-
closed the secret of the whole matter. If we
restore North Carolina to the condition she
was in before the war, if we restore these
rebels to power if we give to an organized
few all power and to the negroes none, except
thebarren, naked right of liberty, which, thank
God, they dare not take from them, then there
will be peace in North Carolina.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman does not quote
me correctly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not quote you at all.
Mr. BLAIR. And he misrepresents me,
unintentionally probably.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have merely answered
these matters thrown into this case, and which
I do not think have any more bearing on it than
Tammany Hall politics orErierailroad corrup-
tions. We come back after all to the bald,
naked fact that here is an organized, disguised,
armed band of desperate and lawless men riding
by day and night over large parts of North
Carolina, destroying liberty, law, and all safety
of person and property. This is a glaring fact,
and all that this resolution does is to allege in
brief terms this fact, and refer the matter to
the Committee on the Judiciary to ponder and
devise a remedy. I must confess that I do not
myself,in ttie hurried moments that I am allowed
to look into this question, see a remedy in the
law. I have no doubt a careful compaiison of
views and study of this subject and a fuller exam •
ination of the facts in all the other States, show-
ing how far this organization extends, will bung
out some solution. I only know that if the
Judiciary Committee and this Congress can
find no solution law and liberty are dead, and
this Government of ours may as well be writ-
ten upon the scroll of Time, its record com-
pleted. If in large portions of the southern
States this lawless violence can go on, then the
people of the United States have not a Gov-
ernment strong enough to cany out the only
object of government, which is liberty, safety,
and law. A nd, sir, if my honorable friend from
Missouri, wdio seems to think that the organ-
ization of the present government in North
Carolina rather furnishes an excuse for these
things, makes that allegation, let me ask him
what excuse he can find for these same acts
of violence in his native State, Kentucky?
There is a Democratic administration 
Mr. BLAIR. Do you ask me that question?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not desire an answer
now; the Senator will have time to answer
alter I have done. In Kentucky there is a
Democratic government, a Democratic Legis-
lature ; and theLouisville Courier-Journal saj s
thatappeals have been madeto that Legislature
to put down these things, and they have re-
fused or neglected to do it. These gentlemen
complain that the people of North Carolina
seem to be too eager to get railroads, and they
wanted railroads, and the bonds issued by the
State in aid of railroads have been squandered
or misapplied. AYell, in Kentucky they have
the same lawless violence that cannot be pun-
ished, and not only will they not build rail-
roads there, but they will not allow the city
of Cincinnati to build a railroad through the
State of Kentucky, when she offers to put
§10,000,000 into it and to build it without
any expense to that State.
Mr. BLAIR. I suppose the State of Ken-
tucky has jurisdiction over her own soil.
Mr. SHERMAN. She holdsher jurisdiction
subject to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. BLAIR. And not in subordination to
the city of Cincinnati.
Mr. SHERMAN. No. Now, Mr. President,
I have gone over this matter cursorily, and I
propose to leave "it here. I have no desire
to thrust myself into a political discussion,
although this question does necessarily con-
