1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
putting a man in aroom, perhapsto be feasted
and dined every day until this session shall
end, is to be applied for a contempt of the
Senate in refusing to answer a proper ques-
tion.
Sir, if this is what the Senate intends to do,
the best thing you can do is to lay the whole
proceeding on the table and stop this farce;
for then it is a farce and nothing but a farce.
I have seen a farce of this kind enacted once
before. A man was brought, before the House
of Representatives who had refused to answer
a question, a proper question, put by a com-
mittee of the House. The House was very
brave for a day or two until the newspapers
commenced attacking the House. They were
going to put him in jail and keep him therefor
a six or a twelve month. They did confine him
finally in a room. There be was feasted day
after day ; fine dinners were sent to him, and
the whole country was laughing at the House
of llepresentatives, and not until they finally
determined to perform their duty did they ever
get a word out of that witness.
Whether these witnesses may ever answer
or not is not the question before us. That
question, in my judgment, is whether the Sen-
ate will place themselves in a position where
they may hereafter procure evidence for the
purpose of putting down corruption or wrong,
for the purpose of ascertaining who has divulged
the secrets of the Senate or anything else. So
far as the secrecy of the Senate is concerned,
I would vote to-morrow to open the doors of
this Senate for nearly all purposes; but that is
not the question before the Senate now. The
doors have not been opened for this purpose ;
and you are trying to ascertain whether or not
you have some one here who is unfaithful to his
brother Senators. That is what you desire to
ascertain ; and if you intend to establish pre-
cedents by which you will be governed here-
after and produce good results, you must have
nerve enough to enforce your own rules and
enforce the law. What general ever won a
battle that ran when the battle was half over?
What man ever won a fight that became a
coward before he got through with it? No
man ever did, and no man ever will. Is a
Senator who voted for the resolution ordering
this investigation afraid to-day in this Hall to
vote to punish men for refusing to comply with
the rules of the Senate and the laws of this
land? What did you intend when you passed
the resolution? l)id you intend to have these
questions answered? If you did, then do that
act which will produce the answer. If you
did not,, lay the whole matter on the table and
quit, and laugh at one another instead of let-
ting the country laugh at us.
I voted against striking out the word "jail,"
not because I want to see a citizen in jail, not
because I want to see a man punished, but
because it is my duty to stand by the commit-
tee while they are performing their duty. I
have been on committees of investigation, and
once or twice I have felt chagrin and mortifi-
cation at the House backing down from me
after they had voted certain things and pre-
venting me from procuring the very testimony
t!?iat I could possibly procure if I had been
sustained.
It has been said here that this is the punish-
ment of a citizen. I agree with my two friends
from Massachusetts that it is a hard thing to
punish a citizen. But, sir, when you use the
term "citizen" in connection with punish-
ment you must remember that he is not being
punished because he is a citizen, but because
as a citizen he does not perform the duty of a
citizen toward the laws of the land. I know
there is an idea that pervades in the mindsof
some men that there is only a moral obligation
between us here that we shall not disclose what
may transpire as to certain matters; but while
that moral obligation exists between us there
is a legal obligation upon every citizen of the
United States to obey the law if he receives
the protection of the Government. If you
allow men who claim that a moral obligation
exists between them and their confederates to
carry it out against the law, if you permit an
agreement that they have made between them-
selves to override the obligation of a citizen to
the laws of his country, then you say that a
mere agreement between any two men to refuse
to state a fact that possibly might save your
country or that might perhaps expose perfidy
and corruption to the world shall override the
legal obligation binding on the citizen. Sir,
that is not the true rule, and the man who
enunciates that doctrine as the rule to govern
the Senate or any other body enunciates a
doctrine that is destructive of the fundamental
principles of any Government that expects to
be held together by obedience to its laws.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will understand the issue that has been
made by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler.] The Senator, with that emphasis
of expression which characterizes his ener-
getic utterances, tells us that he wishes this
committee to continue and these persons to
be held until the man who reports the doings
of this Senate in executive session is exposed.
I say to the Senator that this is a strange posi-
tion for the Senate to assume—that on a reso-
lution to inquire into the publication of the
treaty we shall continue this special commit-
tee in existence and hold these persons in
custody until we can find out who it is that
during the years that are past has been report-
ing the doings of this body. Now, I say to
the Senator from Michigan that he is one of
the reporters of this body to my own personal
knowledge. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I deny it.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator denies it. I
know it to be true. I know it to have been
so over and over again. I will explain what
I mean. I have been here over sixteen years.
The proceedings of this body in executive ses-
sion have found their way into the press all
this time. It was so before I came here.
These accounts published of executive pro-
cee'dings have been more or less accurate.
How did they get into the newspapers? The
leading presses of the country employ gentle-
men to come here and obtain news. They are
men of capacity, of character. They are men
who know the proceedings of this Govern-
ment as well as we hero in the Senate know
them. They understand what is doing in both
Houses of Congress all the time; they under-
stand what the Executive is doing, what the
Departments are doing. They know some-
thing of the history of the country. They are
employed and sent here to find out what is
done, and find it out even before it is done,
if possible. Their business is to get the news
even ahead of time and let the people know
what is to happen.
How do they get it? We are here doing
business. Various things come up here in
executive session, nominations, treaties, de-
bates, talks. Does it all stop here ? The Sen-
ator from Michigan knows it does not. He
knows that in the presence of other parties
and with other Senators he and all Senators in
this body talk with each other about what is
said and done. They do so in their rooms,
in this Chamber, in the committee-rooms, on
the street, especially in the F streetcars, every-
where. I have talked with Senators, they have
talked with me, sometimes in the presence or
in the hearing of other persons. I have seen
this daily for sixteen years, and every Senator
here knows this is true. It is no use for us to
assume this virtue here and pretend to be what
we are not. The truth is we have talked too
much ; we have not learned to close our own
lips. Sir, it is no use to single out this man,
that, or the other. I say we are all guilty,
guilty not of intentionally violating the rules
of the Senate, but guilty of carelessness, of
want of prudence. _ _
Mr. President, the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] talks about our being frightened.
I am not frightened by the press. In 1848,
1849, and 1850 I was the owner and editor of
a public journal, and I learned something of
what the press was, something of its respons-
ibilities, something of its good qualities, and
something of its bad qualities, too. I learned
one thing, and it was this : that a public man
iu this country will be judged by his daily life
and not by any little deed he has done, or any
little mistake he has made. The people of
this country judge public men by their daily
lives.
Sir, I have had my full share of public
denunciation in the press. 1 have thought
sometimes that I have had a great, deal more
than my share of adverse criticism. So be-
lieving, I have never yet in this body, during
the sixteen years' service here, risen for a
personal explanation and brought a news-
paper here and read what it said of me. I
have had the courage to trust to the people;
to the sense of justice of the press; to time,
"that sets all things even."
Sir, 1 am not afraid of the press. I have
come to the conclusion that the best way for
public men is to do their duty, do it fearlessly,
and let the press say what it pleases. If you
are right, it is all well; but if you make mis-
takes, you must bear the blame anyhow. I
know, sir, we have the right to do this that
we are doing. We have the right to arraign a
Senator. Yon have the right to expel me, if
you please, without giving a reason tor it. You
can do a great many things; but is it wise to
do them ? We can continue this committee,
and I do not know of a more foolish thing to
do than to do that identical thing. Will you
continue the committee here in the summer
for the purpose of holding these reporters until
the committee finds out who has been the re-
porter of this Senate during the years past?
We have all done our full share of giving
information, and the man who protests the
most that he has notdoneit has probably done
more than any other member. [Laughter.]
Sir, I regret to hear these protests. 1 do
not charge any wrong intention to any one, but
I personally know that Senators by their con-
versations and unguarded utterances do give
information upon which reporters are able to
give the press some of our proceedings.
Mr. HAMLIN. You know by yourself, I
suppose.
filr. WILSON. I know by myself, I know
by you, sir, and by many other Senators.
My opinion is that the best thing for us to
do is to let this committee be discharged;
pass your resolution if you want to do it; hold
these persons here in contempt; and then the
next best thing we can do will be to. take a
lesson from the proceedings of the last two or
three days, and learn to be very careful when-
ever we speak of the proceedings of this body.
Let us be careful to speak only in the presence
of members of the body, and be exceed-
ingly careful, whether it be here, in our rooms,
on the street, or anywhere else, that we do not
say anything which others can hear.
These gentlemen of the press know every-
thing that is going on quite as well as we do ;
they know nominations that come in here
before we get hold of them, generally; they
will tell you in the morning, frequently, before
you get here, or as you are coming into the
Capitol, whose nominations are coming into
the Senate that day. These gentlemen have
ways of guessing. They pick up information,
a little here and a little there, and work things
out and generally get some truth with a very
great quantity of error.
Now, sir, 1 hope this amendment to strike
out so much of the resolution as provides for
continuing "this committee will be adopted.
When it is°adopted you may pass the resolution
if you choose and hold these persons here.
Then when we see our speeches on this great
treaty reported, as I expect to see them
reported, when we see that our proceedings in
executive session are reported, let us bring up
