162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
it raised by taxation. Some little portion of
it was received from the sales of public lands
and miscellaneous sources; but the gross re-
ceiptsofthe Government were upward of four
hundred and eleven million dollars, and we
collected id duties upon imports $194,000,000
last year. We do not need this. The whole
interest that we are required to pay in coin upon
our public debt amounts to only $113,000,000.
Why, then, should we collect from the people
of the country $194,000,000 in gold; for it
comes off the people of the country?
When you put a tax upon salt, upon coal,
upon iron, upon steel, upon tea, upon coffee,
and everything else that is consumed, you add
to the price of that article, and the people of
the country have to pay the addition ; and, sir,
when you make a close calculation you will
find that they pay something more than the
simple addition of the duty. But the addition
of the duty alone amounted to ยง194,000,000
last year, and we require but ยง113,000.000
to pay the interest upon our public debt.
Why, then, collect $194,000,000? Why col-
lect $80,000,000 more than are needed?
Perhaps 1 shall bo told, as I was the other
day by a Senator sitting behind rae, that we
reduced the taxes at the session of Congress
hefore the last. True, sir ; according to the
estimate of the Senator from Ohio, if 1 recol-
lect it correctly, we reduced the revenue from
duties about twenty-four million dollars. That
would leave $170,000,000 to be collected this
year, assuming now that no more tea and
coffee are consumed in the country when the
price is reduced than there was before, which
is not a correct assumption, because as you
cheapen the article more will be used. When we
reduced the taxation oil tea from twenty-five
to fifteen cents a pound, and on coffee fioui live
to three cents a pound, we cheapened those
articles to the consumer; but the reduction of
the revenue from those articles will not be in
proportion to the reduction of the tariff upon
them, because more tea and coffee will be con-
sumed at the cheap price than at the dear one.
But, sir, supposing that were not the case, and
we collect $170,000,OOOof gold this year, what
do we want it for ? One hundred and thirteen
million dollars pays all ) our interest in coin.
Why collect $57,000,000 more?
Nor is this all. I struggled here three or
four years ago to get some bill passed that
should take $100,000,000 out of the Treasury
of the United states that had lain there idle
year after year. Once we came very near pass-
ing a bill through the Senate that, would com-
pel the Treasury to disgorge this money lying
there idle and the country losing the interest
upon it. But, sir, the measure failed, and it
has remained there since. I have before me
some tables showing how much has lain idle
in the Treasury. I tind that, in December last,
after the payment of the November interest,
there was lying idieiti your Treasury over one
huudred and seven million dollars in coin and
over thirty million dollars in currency, making
$138,000,000, adding in the fractions. On the
1st day ot February hist there was $99,000,000
in coin and $24,000,000 in currency in the
Treasury, making S12J.000,000 there idle. On
the 1st day of March last there was over one
hundred and three million dollars iu coin and
overtwenty million dollars in currency, making
$124,000,000, including the fractions, lying
idle there. Something like this amount has
been iu your Treasury for the last live years;
and for what good purpose? For none, except
it be to lead to extravagance in appropriations
on the part ot Congress. Sir, if you would
reduce the expenses of this Government and
introduce economy into the public service you
mu:->t not have a full Treasury all the time.
Reduce your taxes, and then you will reduce
your expenses.
Now, sir, we have lying upon our table two
or three bills from the lleuse of Representa-
tives for reducing taxation, to but a small
extent I admit. We have a bill repealing the
duty on coal. The amount received from the
duty on coal during the last fiscal year was
only $519,000, and the amount received from
the duty upon salt was something like a mil-
lion and a quarter. It would not affect very
materially the amount of revenue to be col-
lected if we were to make both those articles
duty free. The whole amount would be less
than two million dollars to theTreasury, which
would not be very material to a Treasury that
has hoarded up somewhere from one hundred
and twenty to one hundred and forty million
dollars all the time; but it would be an indi-
cation to the country that this Congress was
disposed to do something in the way of the
reduction of taxation, and that is what I want.
It has been said, when I have tried to call up
the bill to repeal the duty on coal, " are your
constituents interested in that? Why are you
so anxious to repeal the duty on coal? It may
help somebody in New England, but will it do
you any good in Illinois? " Mr. President, I
thank God I am governed in reference to this
matter by no such considerations. I do not
want to put a tax upon New England any more
than upon Illinois. It is no matter to me
whether it affects my constituents in Illinois
or my constituents in New England, fori claim
them alias the constituents of every Senator
who has a place in this body. We are here as
the representatives of our respective States,
it is true ; but we are here as the representa-
tives of the States to legislate for the whole
Union and the good of the whole people ; and
it matters not to me whether the particular
measure may affect favorably the people of Illi-
nois or not; if it is a just thing to be done, let
us do it. I am for reducing the price of coal to
the inhabitants upon the sea board, whether it
will affect my immediate constituency or not.
The reduction or abolition of the duty upon
salt would probably affect my constituents
somewhat. Salt is an article used by every-
body, entering into general consumption, and
it ought not to be taxed. The country does
not need the tax; the Treasury does not need
it for its revenues. Here is an opportunity
afforded us by the House of Representatives
to repeal this duty. We cannot originate these
measures in the Senate. Revenue measures
must be started in the other House ; but when
they come here we can act upon them. Why
should we not act upon these measures?
We are told, " let us have the general sub-
ject before us, do uot do it iu this way; let us
revise the whole tariff and adjust the matter
on the recommendations of the Secretary of
the Treasury." Those who do not want to do
anything will always resort to that sort of
argument. When will the time come that you
will have a harmonious action upon the whole
subject of the tariff? Sir, it is in the distant
futuie.
We shall find it difficult to mature a bill
embracing the whole subject. Parties inter-
ested in different branches of manufacture,
and in the imposition of high duties upon par-
ticular articles, combine together and prevent
our getting a general bill. But, sir, let us re-
peal the duty on salt to begin with, and you
will find then that those who think their par-
tit^ilar constituency are interested in keeping
up the price of salt for the benefit of a few
salt mauufatures in some particular State, the
salt duty being repealed, will say "now we are
ready to go in for a general adjustment of the
tariff," But while that duty is retained they
are not prepared to do that lest salt should
suffer. And so it is with the coal duty. We
see the Senators from West Virginia and from
Maryland on their feet in a moment when the
subject of coal is mentioned. But if you would
repeal the duty on coal our friends from West
"Virginia and Maryland would unite with us, I
trust, in a proper adjustment of the tariff, so
that we shall collect no more revenue than is
absolutely needed for an economical adminis-
tration of the Government, and so adjust the
revenue that we do collect from those duties
where it will bear leastheavily upon the masses
of the people.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend from Illi-
nois allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very sorry, for I
am very much interested in what he is saying ;
but I wish to call his attention to a fact that
possibly escaped his observation ; and that is
that when my colleague took his seat, theSen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] obtained
the floor, and only yielded to me to make a
suggestion, which I would not have made if
he had thought it would lead to any debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was wholly unaware
of it, and I beg pardon of the Senator from
Ohio and of the Senate. I certainly should,
not have taken the floor under such circum-
stances. I thought the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island was the subject be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Senator
from Illinois will go on. I am very much in-
terested in his remarks.
Mr. TRUMB ULL. I would not under such
circumstances. I was not aware of the condi-
tion of things. I had about concluded all I
desired to say.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that I wanted at some
time to make a single observation about this
resolution, which 1 hope we can vote upon. I
do not wish to do it, however, in his way. I
mean the resolution relating to the order of
business.
Mr. STEVENSON. You can do it now,
sir, if you desire.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, I wish to say a
very few words about this resolution which
regulates the order of business. I cannot
believe that any considerable number of Sen-
ators could be found favoring, under ciieum-
stanees like the present and at this time, a
session of Congress, but for the existence of
facts, some of which have been commented
upon at length by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] In other words, but for the con-
dition of things in the South, I think Senators
on all sides would concur that the reasons are
many, and the objections are none or few, to
terminating this session of Congress at ouce.
I am very free to say, for one, that my convic-
tion is that we ought not to remain here unless
there be paramount reasons connected with
the condition of affairs in the South. With
that view, the present occupant of the Chair,
the Senator from Rhode Island, has offered a
resolution, as to which 1 wish to make a remark.
We have heard from the Senator from Illi-
nois that it is an impropermode of proceeding ;
that it is open to the objection of disrespect to
the House of Representatives. I wish to say,
therefore, first, that when the House has sig-
nified over and over again its indisposition to
engage in any legislation whatever at this ses-
sion, certainly in any unless upon that belong-
ing to the particular subject excepted here, I
can hardly understand that, we can do anything
more discordant with the wish of the House than
to refuse utterly to adjourn ; arid I submit that
having laid resolutions of adjournment from
the House several times upon the table for the
present, it would be much less than a total
refusal to acquiesce in the disposition of the
House if we inform them that, although we de-
cline to adjourn, we insist upon remaining for one
single purpose only. It seems to me that that
must dispose in the minds of Senators, if they
will reflect, of the objection that this resolution
is disrespectful to the House. 1 submit that
it is going half way, although we cannot go all
the way in acquiescing in their disposition to
adjourn at once.
