1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
Now, Mr. President, I wish to call the atten-
tion of Senators who were not here at the time
to the fact not only that similar resolutions
have been adopted before, but that in a very
recent instance this very resolution, in sub-
stance, was adopted, on the second day of the
session. On the 3d of July, 1867, Congress
met.- That was Wednesday. On that same
,day a resolution was adopted adjourning over
until Friday, so that on Thursday, the 4th,
there was no session. On Friday the same
Senator now bringing forward this resolution
introduced the following resolution :
"That the business of this session should be con-
fined to removing the obstructions which have been,
or are likely to be, placed in the way of the fair
execution of the acts of reconstruction heretofore
adopted by Congress, and to giving.to said acts the
scope intended by Congress when the same were
passed; and that further legislation at this session
on the subject of reconstruction or on any other
subjects is not expedient."
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] moved to amend this resolution by
striking out all after the word " that," and
inserting in lieu thereof the following:
"The Senate will proceed under its rules to the
dispatch of the public business requiring attention,
and to this end all petitions and bills will be referred
for consideration to the appropriate committees
without undertaking in advance to limit the action
of Congress to any special subject, or to deny a
hearing to other subjects."
This was lost, only six Senators voting for
it, twenty-six voting in the negative—nearly
the whole Senate so voting; and I observe
that the Senator from Illinois was among those
who voted against the amendment. Then tb8
Senator from Kansas sought to extend it to
giving safeguards on the frontiers, which was
lost, the Senator from Illinois I observe again
voting against that, with a majority of the Sen-
ate ; and the resolution passed by yeas 23,
nays 7, the great body of the Senate voting
again upon the yeas and nays, and the Senator
from Illinois himself having then no objection
to the resolution.
Now 1 submit that all the reasons which
were good then for the Senate, and good for
individual Senators, are good now. We can-
not shut our eyes to the fact that staying here
at all we stay for only one reason: that a great
urgency is alleged to exist touching the South,
and that but for that we should have adjourned
before this and gone home. It seems to me,
therefore, that, not only without disrespect to
the House, but conforming in part, although
we cannot in whole, to the disposition there,
we may say, "We limit the session to a sin-
gle subject," and particularly so as we have
adopted that mode of proceeding before ; and
I remind all Senators who were here then
that it worked well and conveniently, leading
to no objection I believe at either end of the
Capitol, but enabling us to govern ourselves
accordingly.
With one other suggestion, I shall resign the
floor to my honorable friend from Kentucky.
If this resolution be adopted, it is an answer
to all constituents and to all persons concerned
who are inquiring or wishing in regard to gen-
eral legislation ; whereas if we go on without
this the legislation of the session is not only
carried on without much regularity, but it be-
comes substantially a game of bounce. Every
Senator is compelled, if he has measures to
advance, to compete, in the hurry and rapid-
ity of the occasion, to get them forward ; and
when they are adopted, they are adopted, as we
have seen so often during the last two or three
morninghours, withouta word of explanation,
withavery vague understanding, and in a mode
of doing business which, I humbly submit, is
not desirable by any means; whereas if we
put on the Journal this resolution, it is notice,
not only to ourselves but to all the world, that
this session of Congress is detained here in
consequence of one single supposed emer-
gency, and that having listened to that and
disposed of it, if we can, we are going home,
meanwhile devoting our whole attention to this
one thing, to the exclusion of other matters
which belong more properly to a regular and
general session of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me a moment to reply with
regard to the record which has been read by
the Senator from New York?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I myself
believe in respecting precedent to some extent.
I think, however, in the Senate we are given
sometimes to paying too much deference to
what has been done heretofore. With that
general remark, I wish now to say a word in
regard to the particular case.
1 n July, 18G7, Congress convened under very
different circumstances from what it does now.
That was an extra session, or a continuation
of a session under circumstances so well known
to the whole country that I need not detail
them. The only object that was had in view
at that time by any action was to carry out the
reconstruction measures. We are all aware
that the then President of the United States
had, as was thought by many and by Congress,
thrown obstacles in the way of the execution
of those laws. An opinion had been given by the
Attorney General different from the intention
of Congress in passing them; and Congress
being hero for that purpose alone, passed a
resolution to confine its business to it.
We are now here in a regular session of
Congress, not convened for any special pur-
pose in reference to the condition of things in
the South. We are here under an actofCon-
gress, at a session fixed by law, and of course
no more in reference to one subject than an-
other. In the mind of some Senators, in the
mind of the Senator from New York perhaps,
we are only remaining to act for a particular
purpose. I do not agree to that. 1 think it
is a mistake to be here to act on that partic-
ular purpose. I think we had better adjourn
than to remain for that purpose alone. More
than two thirds of the House of Representa-
tives—and I have a right to speak of the bills
they have passed—-think we are here for the
purpose of repealing the duty upon salt and
upon coal, and relieving the burdens of taxa-
tion ; and they have sent us those bills. They
have indicated by official action that they want
to do something upon other subjects, and have
indicated very distinctly by official action that
they do not want to do anything on the par-
ticular subject which seems to lie so much at
heart with some Senators here. That is the
very subject that the House of Representatives
do not want to act upon, while the other ques-
tions to which I have called attention they do
desire action upon.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to correct
one misapprehension and supply one omission
of mine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The session of Congress
to which I referred was not a called session;
it was a regular session; and it so happens
that it was this very session. It was a session
which, having begun on the 4th of March, con-
tinued until the 30th of March, and then stood
by regular adjournment until the 3d of July.
It was not convened by the President at all ;
but I repeat it was a regular session of Con-
gress, adjourned to that day before the Attor-
ney General had given any opinion limiting
the operation of the reconstruction measures,
and before any human foresight could have
predicted that such a decision would be given.
So much for the way it came about. Occur-
ring on the 3d of July, I repeat, no session was
held on the 4th. On the 5th this resolution
was passed, and the session itself continued
until the 20th or 21st of July, and having
concluded its business under that resolution,
adjourned. I submit, therefore, that the case
is quite as broad a one, at least, as that which
we find before us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One word. I do not
thmk that the country can misunderstand what
those recesses or adjournments of Congress at
that time meant. The President then was not
in accord with Congress, and we all know why
we had a continuous session.
Mr, ANTHONY. I should like to make a
suggestion, with the assent of the honorable
Seuator from Kentucky, who has been inter-
rupted so often that I hesitate to interpose.
If we conld, without further debate, take the
vote on this resolution, and the Senator from
Kentucky would proceed to make his speech
on the resolution of the Senator from Ohio, it
would facilitate business very much.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is aware that
I have the floor on his resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Could not the Senator
make his speech as well on the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. What I have
to say is strictly to this pending resolution;
and 1 propose to move an amendment to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then, of course, I have
nothing further to say.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, when
I entered the Senate this morning I had not
the slightest idea that I should hear from any
Senator on this floor anything which would
demand of me a reply. But when the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Shebman] rose to speak in
support of his resolution he made a most unjust
and unfounded aspersion, as I think—wholly
unintentional no doubt on his part—upon the
Commonwealth which I have the honor in part
to represent on this floor. I have known the
honorable Senator from Ohio for many years;
I have been with him in the public service, and
I am sure he knows my regard and respect for
him too well to believe that I think him capa-
bleof saying anythingthat he did not honestly
believe. But still, sir, he is grossly mistaken
in his facts, as he will have the candor to
admit, so far as Kentucky is concerned, before
I get through.
What is his resolution?
Resolved, That as organized bands of desperate
and lawless men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oaths and secret obligations, have, by
force, terror, and violence, subverted ail civil au-
thority in largo parts of the late insurrectionary
States, thus utterly overthrowing the safety of per-
son and property, and all those rights which are the
primary basis and object of all civil government, and
which are expressly guarantied by the Constitution
of the United States to all its citizens; and as the
courts are rendered utterly powerless, by organized
perjury, to punish crimp, therefore, the Judiciary
Committee is instructed to report a bill or bills that
will enable the Presidentand the courts of the Uni-
ted States to execute the laws, punishsuch organized
violence, and secure to ail citizens the rights so guar-
antied to them.
The Senator was pleased to say that the law-
lessness and violence of these armed, organ-
ized, sworn rebel soldiers was so great in Ken-
tucky as to demand the passage of this resolu-
tion. Mr. President, the protection of life,
liberty, and property is not a partisan ques-
tion. It is above party. Civil liberty ceases
to exist when the citizens of a free Republic
are not protected in the enjoyment of those
inalienable rights. No raau will go further
than I in aiding this Government, within its
constitutional authority, to investigate any-
where and everywhere these disorders. I was
only pained that a gentleman who has filled so
conspicuously for so many years the distin-
guished positions which the honorable Senator
from Ohio lias held in this Government should,
pending a joint resolution for the investiga-
tion of all these alleged outrages, in order
to arrive at the truth as to where they exist,
to what extent they exist, should before the
adoption of that resolution by both Houses
rise in his place in the Senate and under-
take, upon mere newspaper rumor, to hurl
unfounded anathemas against so many gallant
Stares in this American Union.
Would it not have been more consistent to
have waited until the joint committee which it
is proposed to institute had gone to the South
and brought here their report informing us
