1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
the other ; but still it was an entirely different
obligation, created not under an official law or
relation, but in the nature of an honorary and
personal obligation.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose after this ses-
sion commenced, and after we had our printed
copies 011 our tables, the Secretary of State
had come in and handed me a copy of the
same thing, which he had had printed at the
State Department. I had the State Depart-
ment copy in my left side pocltef and the Sen-
ate copy in my right side pocket, and a man
comes to me and wants to know what the treaty
is. Do I understand the Senator from Ken-
tucky to say that if I put my band in my right
side pocket and give him that copy I violate
my duty ; but if I put my band in my left side
pocket and give him the other copy I do not?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. No, sir, I say
there is a violation of duty in both eases 
Mr. CARPENTER. I mean my duty as a
Senator.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. But it is a vio-
lation of different duties; it is a violation of
different obligations. I say that when the
Senate authorizes the printing of a treaty and
directs its distribution among Senators it does
not restrain a Senator who had previously
obtained a copy l'rom the Stato Department
from making any use he chooses of that copy.
I say it is a violation of honor and of moral
faith for that Senator to make public the copy
which he first received; but it is a violation
of private honor, of private faith, not of public
or official faith at all, and that to my mind is
the plain and essential distinction between the
two cases. Whenever the State Department
chooses to hand to a Senator a copy of a treaty,
it hands to that Senator that copy without any
pledge or obligation, official, express, or im-
plied, of his keeping it secret and preserving
its inviolability.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him another question ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is not the confidence
which is imposed under our rule lipon the
matter, and do I not betray that confidence
whenever I publish to the world what that
paper is, whether I do it from the particular
paper which has been printed by order of the
Senate, or from any other paper which con-
veys the same intelligence? My duty is, not
to impart the intelligence. That rule was not
passed to protect our paper as such, but the
thing that is upon the paper, the substance of
the treaty, not the impression of our type.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will auswer
the honorable Senator's question. Suppose
the second copy authorised by the Senate had
never been delivered at all, would, or not,
there have been a strong private honorary
obligation on the Senator not to communicate
the first copy to the press? Would there have
been any official obligation on the part of the
Senator not to do that aet ? I say there would
not. The question is this: is the obligation
of secrecy which the Senate is now attempting
to vindicate an obligation between the Sen-
ator and the Senate ? If a Senator received a
copy which he did reveal, which he did make
public, not from the Senate, but from the State
Department, the only violation of obligation
is to the State Department, and there is no
violation whatever of obligation to the Senate.
Why, sir, if the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin was to hand me a paper and another
friend was to hand me another paper, I main-
tain that if I chose to violate confidence with
either of them, I would have the perfect
power to do so and the other would have no
just cause of complaint of me. That is the
position.
But here is a question of the power of
the Senate to investigate this breach of its
confidence; and, as incidental to that power,
the additional power to punish that breach
of confidence. It is an official action. It is
an action under the authority of law, and
when wo investigate it we ascertain that the
breach of confidence has not been to the Sen-
ate or to any paper which the Senate has con-
fided to any Senator, but it has been a breach
of confidence reposed, unofficially, in a pri-
vate character by an officer or an individual
of the Government in some Senator. When-
ever we demonstrate the latter state of fact,
we establish a state of fact which shows that
the Senate has no longer any jurisdiction of
the subject either for investigation or punish-
ment, and therefore it ought to come to a con-
clusion. That is my judgment.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President,the imme-
diate question before the Senate is, shall the
clause continuing the powers of this committee
after the close of the session be stricken out
of the resolution ? That is a most important
question, and carries with it very important
consequences. If those words be stricken out
of the resolution, then the imprisonment of the
persons at the bar cannot continue longer than
the session. If they be retained, then that
imprisonment may continue for an indefinite
period. Another inconvenience I see is this:
if the powers of the committee be continued,
I do not presume that the committee will con-
tinue in permanent session in the city of Wash-
ington. The committee is composed of Sen-
ators, living, the most of them, far distant from
this city. At the close of the session I presume
they will return to their homos. In the mean
time these individuals will be in imprisonment
here, and however willing thsy may be to testify
and to answer fully the questions that have
been propounded to them, they cannot be dis-
charged from imprisonment until their wishes
can be made known to the members of the
committee and the committee can be assembled
here, if the resolution be passed in the form
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin. It is
a very grave and serious matter, therefore,
whether this proposition to continue the com-
mittee in existence shall be adopted by the
Senate or not'
I intend to vote for the motion made by the
Senator from Massachusetts to strike out that
part of the resolution, but I do not mean to
vote for it upon any false grounds ; I do not
mean to vote for it upon any erroneous notion
of the law.
I said on a previous occasion that the im-
prisonment of these persons might be pro-
longed by prolonging the existence of the
committee and authorizing it to sit in vaca-
tion. I said yesterday that that opinion which
1 had expressed had been questioned by one
for whose opinions on questions of parlia-
mentary law I had great respect, and there-
fore I would not affirm it yesterday. Since
then 1 hjive reflected upon it a good deal and
have investigated the law as fully as I have
been able to do, and the result is that I am
perfectly satisfied of the correctness of the
opinion as 1 first expressed it. I do not doubt
the power of the Senate to authorize this com-
mittee to sit in the vacation, nor do I doubt
the power of the Senate to hold these persons
now at the bar in custody until they answer
those questions. That is the reason of the
thing, and that is the current of the authorities.
Let us see as to the reason of the thing. _ The
object is to get the testimony. The imprison-
ment is a means to procure the testimony ;
and just so long as the tribunal lasts which is
charged with the duty of acquiring that testi-
mony, just so long may the means be resorted
to. That is a general principle. If a court is
trying a cause and a witness refuses to answer,
no one has ever disputed that so long as the
court was sitting trying that cause the contu-
macious witness might be imprisoned, unless
he should answer, until he had answered or
until there was an end of the cause. No one
doubts, either, the power of the Senate to
appoint a committee to sit in the recess of the
Senate, or to extend the powers of a com-
mittee to sit in the recess of the Senate. We
have done it again and again. We have two
or three committees now authorized to sit in
the recess of the Senate, and just so long as
this committee shall sit, whether it be during
the session of the Senate or whether it be in
the recess of the Senate, just so long will this
trial be going on, just so long will the investi-
gation with which the committee is charged
continue, and the tribunal to make the invest-
igation continue ; and, therefore, just that long
may the witness bo kept in custody if he will
not answer a proper question that has been
put to him.
There is a distinction, as I said yesterday,
between a confinement to compel a man to
testify and an imprisonment by way of pun-
ishment. That is very clearly recognized in
a case to which I will call the attention of
the Senate, the case of The United States vs.
Williamson, in which the court say:
" Commitments lor contempt, liko tho contempts
themselves, may bo properly distributed into two
classes: either they aro punishment for an act of
misconduct, or it is their object to enforce the per-
formance of a duty."
Those are the two classes. The one is where
an act of misconduct has been committed, and
the imprisonment, is simply punishment for
that act,; the other is where the object of the
imprisonment is to enforce the performance
of a duty, as, for instance, the duty of testify-
ing, the duty of answering the proper ques-
tions. Now, what is the duration of the im-
prisonment?
"Tho confinement in the one case is for a fixed
lime, rupposeti tr> he commensurate with the offend-
ing."
That is, if an offense has been committed
and you propose to punish for that, yon can-
not imprison indefinitely; yon must imprison
for a fixed time, because every punishment
must be fixed and certain. But how is it in
the other case, where the object is to compel
the performance of a duty?
"Xhe confinement in the one case is for a fixed
time, -supposed to be commensurate with tho offend-
ing: in the other, it is without proscribed limitation
and is determined by the willingness of the party
to submit himself to tho law."
There is a plain statement of it. That is in
accordance with common sense. We must
not confound this with the parliamentary law
that prevails in Great Britain. In Great Brit-
ain, in cases in which there is no statute reg-
ulating the matter as here, the House of Com-
mons or the House of Lords, in imprisoning
a person, imprisons him both to compel the
performance of his duty and also as punish-
ment; and hence in the British Parliament, if
a witness refuses to answer a question put to
him at the bar of either House, or put to him
by a committee of either House, the imprison-
ment may be not simply until he answers, but
they proceed to punish him, if they see fit to
do it, by confining him even after he has
answered, as punishment. But here we ought
to do no such thing as that, for the reason I
stated yesterday. We ought to do no such
thing as that, because we have made his re-
fusal to answer an indictable offense, triable
in a court of justice; and so far, therefore, as
punishment is concerned we have remitted it
to the courts.
I do not moot the question whether or not
it is competent for Congress to take from the
Senate its inherent power to punish for con-
tempt. My own impression is that it can do
so to the extent that this act proceeds. I do
not say that it can do so in all cases. I do not
say that Congress, by passing an aet that if a
man should commit an assault and battery ou
the floor of the Senate he should be liable to
indictment and punishment, would thereby
take from us the right to punish for that con-
tempt committed before our faces and in the
Senate Chamber. I do not think it would.
We have statutes that punish assaults and bat-
teries. They do not take from us the power
