164
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
of the extent of these disorders, where they
existed, how organized, if so, by whom and
for what purpose, and then to base his action
upon such information, rather than make an
inflammatory appeal upon ex parte testimony,
which could have and can have no other result
than to inflame the passions and the partisan
prejudices of the people, when the great inter-
ests of the entire country require peace? Sir,
does the gentleman feel, after his speech, with
his hand upon his heart and his eye upon his
God, that he ia fit to sit as an impartial judge
upon such a report with the preconceived pre-
judice against the southern States which his
speech shows has already entered his bosom?
Sir, I have no such feeling. On the con-
trary, I pledge myself to go as far as the far-
thest in any constitutional investigation for
ascertaining the truth of the existence of these
alleged disorders. The people whom I repre-
sent will shrink from no such inquiry. I
should spurn myself and the noble Common-
wealth, which in part I humbly represent on
this floor, would spurn me if I could so far
forget the duty I owe the whole country as
to allow, on a question like this, mere party
obligations to blind me. I am a party man,
and I rejoice that I belong to one which has
even been the party of the Constitution and
the Union. It is a party of law and order,
one which has never sought to cover up or
defend violence or disorder.
Now, has my honorable friend made good
his charge so repeatedly hurled at Kentucky
in his speech, that there is a band of armed
confederate soldiers in that Commonwealth
bound by secret oaths to overthrow the law
and to commit robbery and murder? The
charge was distinct. What has been its proof?
lie reads a charge to the jury made by William
S. Pryor. a circuit judge in one of the judicial
districts of Kentucky. I know that gentleman
well. Ilis honor and his truth are as pure as
the ermine that he wears. Does that judge say
that the Ku Klux is a political organization ?
Does he intimate that the organization is com-
posed qf rebel soldiers? So far from it, he says
it is not a political organization. The very
charge of Judge Pryor, who is a southern man,
and was for freedom of opinion, but for noth-
ing else, ruthlessly banished by Federal power
during the war, constitutes the highest, proof of
the injustice which the honorable Senator from
Ohio seeks to heap upon the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. Exiled during the war for the
mere exercise of political opinion, when re-
stored to the circuit bench by a most unpre-
cedented majority, wherever he sees the least
disorder, the least violence, he makes it the
subject of a special charge, in order that these
violators of law may be brought, to justice.
I do not deny the fact* that occasional acts
of violence have been committed in Kentucky.
During my late administration of the executive
affairs of that State, which I resigned on the 13th
ol February, it was my duty several times to call
the attention of the Legislature in as strong
language perhaps as that used by the Courier-
Journal of Louisville to disorders of that sort,
and to suggest that they should be put down
at any cost and at every hazard. Perhaps dur-
ing the last three and a half years that I admin-
istered the government of that State a dozen
instances of violence did occur,not more; and
what did they amount to? There was no evi-
dence that they were the act of any secret polit-
ical organization in that State. I know there
rea bad men in both parties; bad men do wrong
everywhere; but I aver that I do not believe
that the organi zation committing these outrages
amounted to fifty men, and they confined to
one locality.
What evidence is there that they were con-
federate soldiers ? There is no proof of it.
That outrages have been committed I do not
deny ; but I undertake to say that if the gen-
tleman wili give me an investigating committee
X can go to the great capital of Ohio, which the
honorable Senator represents, and show more
crime and more outrage committed in the sin-
gle city of Cincinnati than have been com-
mitted in the entire Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky for the last ten years. _ I might go to the
State of Indiana and find vigilance committees
who hang half a dozen at a time.
Mr. THURMAN. And not one of the men
punished, either.
Mr. STEVENSON. I might go to every
State ; but God forbid that I shall ever seek
to seize isolated cases in the calendar of crime
in order to obtain materials for a campaign
speech fo* the next presidential election. I
doubt whether my friend from Ohio would have
done it so early in advance except for the re-
cent family jars in his own party. [Laughter.]
Desperate diseases require desperate reme-
dies ; and I think that the honorable Senator
felt that he had to give a slap at Kentucky in
order to inflame the public mind and to revive
the sinking fortunes of the Republican party.
Let me say to the Senator that if he will refer
to the last inaugural message sent by me to
the General Assembly in January last he will
find my condemnation of all acts of violence
stronger than the article quoted by him from
the Courier-Journal, and fully up to the stand-
ard of the charge of Judge Pryor. But there
was no intimation that the men who were en-
gaged in these violations of good order con-
stituted a political organization or were com-
posed of rebel soldiers. It is not known by
whom they were committed. The number is
very small, and confined to a mere neighbor-
hood. It is gratuitous and unjust to say they
were rebel soldiers. Those who have been
most active in the suppression of violence, and
have been, boldest in their denunciations of
these excesses, are gallant officers of the con-
federate army, many of whom are now in the
General Assembly.
But the Senator tells us that the Courier-
Journal says that the Kentucky Legislature
have done nothing. One house has passed
a special bill, that is now being considered in
the other house, which has not yet adjourned.
The Senator asked me if I could give him
any instance where an outrage upon a negro
committed by a white man had ever been pun-
ished. I have no doubt the judicial records
of Kentucky would give him many, very many
instances ; two only shall I cite to him. In
the circuit court of Graves county, in the first
judicial district of Kentucky, two white men
were arrested, indicted, and tried for robbing
a negro of some trifling personal property.
They were condemned, and are now in the State
penitentiary of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky.
A negro family in the county of Lewis, some
two or three years ago, were most ruthlessly
murdered at the hour of midnight by two white
men whose politics are unknown to me, whose
names were Blew and Kinnard. Instantly they
were apprehended. A special term of the court
was called by Judge Stanton, well known, I
believe, to the Senator from Ohio—Judge
Richard H. Stanton, of Maysville. A special
term of the court was called by him to try them:
but before he had an opportunity the Federal
court at Louisville took them from his cus-
tody and jurisdiction, which had already been
acquired and had become vested in the State
court, and they were taken to Louisville, where
they were tried and convicted, and the case
has recently been argued in the Supreme Court
of the United States on a writ of error upon
the question of jurisdiction.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire under what
statute they were tried in the United States
court, what Federal statute?
Mr. STEVENSON. The civil rights bill.
On that trial they were convicted and sentenced
to be hung, and the case is now pending in the
Supreme Court of the United States.
1 assure the honorable Senator from Ohio
that he wholly mistakes the people of Ken-
tucky if he believes that they even wink at or
sanction any of these Ku Klux outrages. That
occasional acts of violence have been com-
mitted no man will deny; but 1 undertake to
say that there are not more of them in Ken-
tucky than elsewhere in the western States.
These disorders are the outgrowth of the war.
I have before me a paper, which reached
me yesterday, showing that a secret band of
negroes, headed by a white man, shot" and
murdered Judge Bramlette, while sitting as
a judge and holding his court at Meridian, in
the State of Mississippi; and that State, I
believe, is not under the control of that much
abused sect Isnown as the Democratic party.
Mr. President, outrages now exist every-
where. I admit frankly and freely that half
a dozen instances occurred in Kentucky while
I was Governor of the State which gave me
great pain. Bad men, whose politics were
unknown to me, did go secretly, sometimes
masked, and attempt to offer violence to
negroes; but I say that such acts were con-
fined to a mere neighborhood, were wholly
inconsiderable in numbers, and the political
complexion of the parties committing them
was unknown. I state further that every vio-
lation of law received the indignant reproba-
tion of good men of all parties. So much
for that.
The Louisville Courier-Journal in the article
quoted by the honorable Senator alluded to
the stoppage of the mail. Yes, sir, t-he great
mail from Lexington to Louisville four times
a day carried by railroad, and passing by
the seat of government, has been arbitrarily
and most unjustly, I ought to say tyrannically,
stopped by the Postmaster General. Was that
a Ku Klux outrage? If so, when did it occur?
Let me give the Senate the facts, I will not
give them from tny own statement; I will not
give them from a Democratic newspaper ; I
shall be at, least as liberal as the Senator from
Ohio, and 1 will give liiin Republican authority;
nay, further, I will give hial the written state-
ment of a supposed appointee of the present
Administration, and then I want to compare
the statement of that appointee with that of
his superior, the Postmaster General, and see
how far they tally with each other.
Some time in Jannaryitbecame necessary to
appoint a mail agent on this route from Louis-
ville to Lexington, and there were a number
of worthy, upright men, in good standing in
the Republican party, who were applicants for
that position. They were well recommended.
They had earned some recognition from the
Government for services performed in the
war. Over their heads a negro by the name
of Gibson was appointed, and their claims
overlooked. He was the first negro mail agent
that we had ever had in the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. It was an unusjial spectacle.
These Republican applicants, worthy, clever
men, were justly excited and indignant that
their claims should be overlooked, and that
this negro, who had done nothing, should be
put over their heads. Was that unnatural?
But the negro came up, on the 26tli day of
January, 1871, to a station some eight or ten
miles from Frankfort, called North Benson.
Ten minutes before the train arrived three or
four men, whose names were unknown to the
mail agent at that station, dismounted, and
one of them, brandishing a pistol, said lie
intended to kill the negro mail agent. The
station agent said, "Disarm that man; he is
drunk." His companions did do so. He sur-
rendered his pistol before the train arrived
and gave it up. When the train did arrive,
being on the platform unarmed, this man per-
haps entered the mail car and did attempt to
catch bold of the mail agent. He was shoved
off, and the mail went on. As soon as I heard
of it, being then Governor of Kentucky, and
having no power to act except upon the com-
plaint of some civil magistrate, 1 dispatched
the adjutant general of the State to inquire into
the facts and report them to me. On the 30th
of January this communication was received*
Pip - Tn accordance with your instructions direct-
