870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
to punish the contempt committed by an assault
and battery on this floor in the face of the
Senate.
But in a case like this, where the whole object
is to acquire testimony, where the offense is
not accompanied by violence, where there is
110 disturbance of the public peace, no inter-
ruption of the business of the Government, no
indignity offered to any Senator, where the
whole thing is simply the acquisition of testi-
mony that the Senate considers necessary,
when we have passed a statute that confers
jurisdiction on the courts to try and punish a
witness who refuses to answer, it does seem to
me that the whole subject of punishment for
that offense is remitted to the courts and may
properly be remitted to the courts, and that
leaves us simply with the power to compel, in
the language of the court which I have read
from Williamson's case, the performance of a
duty; that is, to compel the witness to answer,
and hence can exist no longer than the refusal
to answer continues; but it may exist just so
long as that refusal to answer does continue
and the committee has life and existence to
receive the answer. I cannot, therefore, agree
with the suggestion thrown out by the Senator
from Massachusetts who made this motion,
[Mr. Sumner,] that there is no authority to con-
tinue this imprisonment beyond this session.
I want the Senate to meet the question fairly,
■with a full knowledge of its powers and a full
knowledge of the consequences.
Why, then, is it, entertaining these views,
that 1 am willing to support the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts?
I am willing to do it upon higher considera-
tions. In every case of this kind it is for the
Senate to decide at every step whether it will
take another step. It is for the Senate to
deci3e in its own good judgment whether the
case is one that requires the utmost extremity
of the law, or whether it is one which the pub-
lic interests do not require shall be. prosecuted
any further. That must be the question always.
If a man were brought up here a prisoner at
this bar in such a feeble state of health that
imprisonment might be the means of destroy-
ing his life, even though he were a contuma-
cious witness, there is not a Senator on this
floor who would consign him to an indefinite
imprisonment. We take into consideration
the circumstances.
So, too, if the occasion does not require
extraordinary remedies, if the occasion does
not require the exercise of our extraordinary
powers, we ought not to exercise them; and
it is upon this ground alone, that this case
does not require the exercise of the extraor-
dinary powers which are vested in the Senate,
that no good can coine om of it, that the play
is not worth the candle—it is for that reason,
and that reason alone, that I am willing to see
this thing brought to an end. I do not con
sider that I am sacrificing the dignity of the
Senate; 1 do not consider that I am abnegating
any right that belongs to the Senate. I do not
think there is anything of that kind here ; but,
in my judgment, this thing has gone as far as
there is any necessity for it to go ; and when I
say " this thing," I am not speaking about the
investigation, but I am speaking about the
prosecution of these contumacious witnesses.
Now, sir, in what spirit ought we to enter
upon the inquiry whether we shall proceed
to exercise the utmost powers vested in the
Senate to procuie the answers from these
witnesses'? I think that that was very well
expressed in the British Parliament a long
time ago. There are two very remarkable
eases in the British Parliament on this subject
of contumacious witnesses; and I beg leave to
read a short statement of tliem from Gushing's
Parliamentary Law:
"When a witness vefuses to answer the question®
which ho i&direotcdto answer, or to produce a paper
or other document, the proceo<tin,g uganist hun is
intended not only o.s a punUhmcnr, tor bis contempt,
but also to compel him to obey tile oritur."
L_ ^hero, -L said, imprisonment is resorted
to both as a punishment and as a means of
compelling the witness to obey the order. I
have shown why that is not so in this ease in
the Senate of the United States:
" For these purposes a contumacious witness is
usually committed, in the first instance, to the cus-
tody of tho sergeant-at-arms. If this fails to induce
him to submit himself to the order, he may then be
committod to Newgate, orsome other publicprison."
I beg the Senate to observe how careful of
the liberty of an Englishman the English Par
liament is in its practice. It does not send the
man first to the common jail, but it first puts
him into the custody of the sergeant-at-arms
of the house, and if that does not produce the
effect, then it proceeds to the more degrading
punishment of imprisonment in Newgate, or
some other common jail.
"Instances have occurred in which the confine-
ment of a witness has been accompanicd with cir-
cumstances of severity, intended to bring him to
submission, as, for example, in the year 1742, in the
case of Nicholas Paxton, who, for refusing to answer
the questions put to him by the secret committee to
inquire into the conduct of the Earl of Oxford, was,
in the first place, committed to the custody of the
sergeant-at-arms and debarred the use of paper, pen,
and ink; and, persisting in his refusal, was then com-
mitted a close prisoner to Newgate, the House at the
same time ordering that he be not allowed pen, ink,
or paper; that no person be permitted to have access
to him without leave of the House; that his wife have
leave to remain with himduringthe time of hiscon-
finement, but that she be not allowed pen, ink, or
paper; and that no person have access to her without
leave of the House, In this case the severity with
whioh Paxton was treated proved ineffectual, and
the House, finding it impossible to compel him, with
some others, to answer, rosorted to the expedient of
passing a bill of indemnity ; but this being rejected
by the House of Lords, the inquiry was, of course,
defeated."
A very instructive lesson that teaches usl
"Other instances of the same kind occur in the
journals. In ttie year 1809, on tho occasion of the
inquiry with reference to tho conduot of the Duke
of York, it being proposed to commit one of the
witnesses (Mrs. Clarke) to the custody of the ser-
geant-at-arms, with orders to deny her access to any
person whatever, Mr. Speaker said"—
And it is for this remark of his mainly that
I refer to this authority, because it seems to
me that it indicates the true spirit in which
this inquiry should be made—•
" Mr. Speaker said, ' The House ought to pause,
before they come to a decision upon a point in which
tho liberty of the subject was so materially con-
cerned.' "
That was the remark of the Speaker. The
writer goes on—
" There seems to be no reason to doubt that the
House may put a contumacious witness into close
confinement, and this in fact was all that was done
in Paxton's and other eases oi the same kind,
accompanied with such restraints from communica-
tion with other persons as it may deem necessary to
prevent the ends of public justice from being lrus-
trated; but whether this right should be exercised
or not in any given case is a question deserving of
very grave and careful consideration."
Now, Mr. President, that lays down the
right rule. It does not follow as a matter of
course that because a witness is contumacious
you shall exhaust your power; that you shall
imprison him indefinitely ; that you shall de-
bar him from the use of pen, ink, and paper ;
that you shall shut him up in solitary confine-
ment, and allow him to see no human face. It
does not follow that because you may do that
you ought to do it. We are not solving a
mathematical problem ; we are not finding that
if such and such elements are in the problem
the only thing that can follow is a certain
conclusion. It is a matter within our discre-
tion, and that discretion is to be exercised in
view of all the circumstances ; and it is because
in view of all the circumstances here I do not
think that this power of the Senate should be
exercised to its ultimate degree that I am
willing to vote for the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts.
And 1 am the more willing to do this, Mr.
President, because I believe it is perfectly
within the power of this committee to get at
the offender. It seems to be settled that this
is a State Department copy. Whether it came
from a Senator or not does not appear. There
is not a particle of evidence before us to iodi
cate from whom it came, but it was a State
Department copy. That i3 clear. Now, I
understand that the Assistant Secretary of
State has furnished the committee with inform-
ation which shows exactly how many copies
were printed for the State Department of the
first edition of the treaty, how many copies of
the revised edition. He has communicated to
the committee precisely the number; and by
a comparison of the treaty as published in the
Tribune with the treaty as published by the
State Department it is ascertained precisely
whether it was one of the first copies printed
by the Department, or whether it was a revised
copy. Which it was I do not recollect, but I
believe it was the revised copy. I understand
further that he has furnished the committee
with information as to exactly how many copies
of that revised edition were furnished, and pre-
cisely into whose hands they went.
So far as the Senate is concerned, our in-
quiry now being limited to Senators, he has
furnished the committee with the names of
the Senators who received copies from the
State Department. What is to prevent those
Senators, from being summoned before the
committee and compelled to testify what they
did with their copies? And is it not right,
when we are investigating the conduct of Sen-
ators, to begin at home and summon those
Senators before the committee ?
Put them under oath if you see fit to put
them under oath, though that is not the cus-
tom of the Senate ; put them under oath if you
see fit, and make them tell where their copies
were from the time they received them until
this hour, and I think you will get on the
track of this lost Pleiad. I think you will
find where it is.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that when
the committee has that within its power, when
it has its witnesses right within this Senate
Hall, it ought to exert that means, it ought to
exhaust those powers, before we resort to the
last reason of the law—the indefinite impris-
onment of a citizen.
I believe this is all I need now say on that
subject. There are, however, one or two things
which have been said in this debate, for it has
taken a much wider range than the question
before the Senate, which ought, perhaps, to
be noticed.
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] who, in the language of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chakdler,] "made a clean
breast of it," told us that he had been sixteen
years in the Senate and that debates of the
Senate in secret session leaked out continually.
But the Senator forgot, notwithstanding he
had been sixteen years in the Senate, how dif-
ferent the former rule was from the present
rule of the Senate, and that debates might get
out, and get out legitimately, before the adop-
tion of the present rule. There were only two
rules in regard to secrecy up to the adoption
of the present rule. The present rule was
adopted in its present form only three years
ago, March 25, 1868. There were two old
rules, the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth. The
thirty-eighth rule read as follows:
"AI1 confidential communications made by the
President of the United States to the Senate shall
be by tho members thereof kept secret"—
That is, the communication should be kept
secret—
" and all treaties which may be laid before the Senato
shall also be kept secret until the Senate shall, by
their resolution, take off the injunction of scercey."
That is, the treaty should be kept secret.
That rule required secrecy in reference to
nothing but the communication, if it was a
communication sent in executive session, or a
treaty ; it did not prohibit a statement of a
debate; and so far from prohibiting ir, Sen-
ators constantly said what took plaec in de-
bate and published their own speeches if they
saw fit to publish them. We recollect very
well the ease of Colonel Benton publishing his
speech. That was only one out of many cases
of speeches published by Senators which had
