1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
165
ins to o to ascertain the facts connected with the late
assault upon the United States mail agent at North
Benson depot, in Shelby county, on the 26th instant,
I have the honor to report that X sent a reliable
agent, to the scene on the 29th instant, who returned
with the inclosed statement of facts, as given by Mr.
H. C. Hodges, the local mail agent and depot master
at that depot.
Very respectfully,
J. STODDAKD JOHNSTON,
Adjutant General of Kentucky.
His Excellency John W. Stevenson,
Governor and Commander-in-Chief.
Hero is the statement of that mail agent:
Louisville, Cincinnati, etc., Railroad,
North IJenson Station, ,/a>rna-nj 20,1871.
I hailed the train for a passenger to go to Louis-
ville. Four strangers rode up just hefore the 8:45
train was due. When the train was within seventy-
five yards ol the station tlie stoutest man of the
party stepped out on the platform and drew a Colt's
Navy revolver, saying he intended to kill the negro
mail agent. I begged him to desist, and called on
some gentlemen to disarm him. IIis own friends
came around him and took his pistol from him.
When the train was even with the platform, and run-
ning very slow, the man, still bent on assaulting the
negio, jumped into the mail car alone and attempted
to drag the mail agent out; butthetrain movingoff
very quisk, he was frustrated, and jumped from the
train after it was in motion. There was only one
man entered the oar; the other three ran up along-
nide of the mail ear, but took no part. After the
train started off one of the men fired a pistol into
the air. The men were all strangv-rs in this section,
and rode off as soon as the train went out, of sight.
II. C. HODGES.
Mr. CONKLING. Who is that writer ?
Mr. STEVENSON. He is the station agent
at North Benson depot, and the agent there
appointed by the Postmaster General to receive
the mail. He is called the mail agent or the
station agent at North Benson depot.
Mr. POM KRO Y. The agent of the railroad
company, I suppose. The Post Office Depart-
ment, I apprehend, do not have station agents.
He must be the agent of the company. They
have local mail agents.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what he is.
Mr. STEVENSON. He was represented as
the mail agent, and the Postmaster General
did not deny it in my interview with him. He
may be the postmaster there ; I do not know.
Mr. POMEROY. The postmaster takes the
mail from the station to bis office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have known in the
State of Illinois the Post Office Department to
have a local agent to take the mails from the
cars to the office.
Mr. CONKLING. They have them in
nearly every city, 1 imagine.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a mail-carrier.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, not a mail-carrier.
I have known myself in my State a person
called a local agent.
Mr. MORL'ON. They have in large cities;
not in small towns like that.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Illi-
nois says a man carried the mail from the depot
to the post office, and yet was not a mail-car-
rier !
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was called a local
agent.
Mr. POMEROY. He was the man who
had a contract for taking the mail^ from the
depot to the post office, and he is a mail-
carrier.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are called mail mes-
sengers.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know Mr.
Hodges ; but I have been iaformed that he is
a Republican, and the adjutant general of
Kentucky, in his note to me, says he is the mail
agent at North Benson depot. That is all I
know of him; and I so reported to the Post-
master General, and he did not correct me.
But on that matter I have no personal inform-
ation further than the facts communicated to
me by the adjutant general disclosed.
But let me come to a plain statement of the
facts as they exist. The circumstance I have
detailed occurred on the 26th day of January,
1871. I remained in Frankfort as the Gov-
ernor of the Commonwealth until the 13th of
February, 1871. A small guard of ten soldiers
was put "on the trains. There was no disturb-
ance. I heard of no threats. X remained in
Frankfort until the latter part of February;
still I heard no threats. But suddenly, on the
3d of March the mail is stopped, and the ground
alleged is the outrage on the 26th of January,
detailed in this statement of H. C. Hodges. I
find upon my table this morning a letter of the
Postmaster General, dated 11th of March,
1871, in which he says:
"The agent referred to, whose name is William
H. Gibson, returning on the 26th of January, 1871,
from Lexington to Louisville, when the train halted
at North Benson, found a number of men assembled
at the station, one of whom, a large and powerful
man, violontly entered the mail car, struck the agent
a tremendous blow in the face, and endeavored to
drag him out of the ear, crying, 'We will kill youl
come out! come out!' A struggle ensued, during
which the train started, and the assailant leaped out,
and a number of shots were fired at the train."
I have given you the statement, of the mail
agent. I gave it to the Postmaster General,
and I asked him if he had any other inform-
ation touching that overt act. He replied that
he had not, but that he had received a dispatch
stating that threats had been made, and that
the mail guard of soldiers would have to be
doubled; and believing that the mail agent's
life was not safe, he ordered the mail to be
stopped. 1 know the marshal of the State of
Kentucky, a high-minded, honorable gentle-
man ; and I have no doubt under some excite-
ment, perhaps false information, he telegraphed
that the guard should be doubled ; and upon
his telegram this outrage on the State govern-
ment and on the people of the Commonwealth
has been committed by an official of this Gov-
ernment.
I put it to honorable Senators in the spirit
of frankness and respect which I entertain for
them all as equals upon this floor, represent-
ing sovereignties, if a black mail agent had
been put on the mail route from this city to
New York and the claims of Federal soldiers
had been overslaughed and disregarded, and
if that mail agent had been shot or assaulted
by any man who felt himself provoked to do
it by a feeling of jealousy and revenge, what
would New York and Pennsylvania and Mary-
land have said to the stoppage of the mail ?
What would the Senators on this floor have
said? Would the Postmaster General have
done it?
The Federal court, the Federal officers knew
who the man was who attempted this outrage.
Why did not the Federal authorities arrest
him for an aggression upon a Federal mail
agency? It was a crime. I made it the sub-
ject of a special message. I spoke as I speak
now—I do not care who he was—in terms of
the strongest condemnation ; and I think all
good men of every party agree with me. But
why was he not brought to trial? It -was an
interference with a mail route; the Federal
courts had jurisdiction. Why was he not
arrested? Why was he not indicted? Why
was he not tried? Had he been, I presume
the world would know what his politics are.
Now, let me tell my honorable friend that
whenever that is disclosed he will find out
possibly that the man was a Republican and
not a Ku Klux, [laughter;] or if a Ku Klux,
then that the Republicans have as many Ku
Ivluxes as the Democrats.
Mark my words; take them down. I repeat
that whenever that case is investigated by a
grand jury it may turn out that this wrongdoer
is a Republican, and not a Democrat. I do
not say that there are not bad Democrats, and
I am sure you would not say that there are
not bad Republicans; but what 1 do say is,
let us on b th sides of this Chamber join hands
and frown down any violation of law or any
injustice that threatens the rights of the peo-
ple anywhere; bnt let us not make political
capital of it; do not let us go off on news-
paper reports and attempt to fan a flame of
indignation against a gallant people, who,
though unfortunate in war, laid down their
arms with no spot on their honor, and are now
vainly seeking to prove their loyalty to a Con-
stitution which they vainly, under mistaken
hopes, attempted to overthrow. Oh, rather
let us take them by the hand and encourage
the bold gallant men who publicly denounced
these outrages; let us show our generosity by
a general amnesty, at least by an amnesty that
will encourage them and get their effective
agency with their power over the misguided
young men who came from the war broken-
hearted and poor ; let us get the moral influ-
ence of their leaders to brins; them back, and
again we shall have peace; nay, more, we shall
have a cordon of true hearts, all bent on
developing the prosperity and the greatness
and the grandeur of this Republic upon the
foundation-stones where its founders placed it,
the reserved rights of the States intact, with
a ready acquiescence in all the powers neces-
sary to the Federal Government in the ex-
ecution of its rights. I am quite sure that
the proposed investigation in the southern
States will remove the aspersions of violence
attempted to be east upon them, and now
paraded for party ends. General amnesty and
a restoration of political rights to all will prove
the most efficacious remedy for all disorders
and all attempted violence.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I can
respond with great heartiness to the appeal
made by the Senator from Kentucky for peace,
quiet, and order. I have no desire to renew
the contests of the past; and if he supposes
that I entered into this discussion from the
political purpose he ascribes to me he is very
much mistaken, he does me great injustice,
and I think he himself will feel so.
I am glad to say of the Senator from Ken-
tucky that in the position he lately occupied
as Governor of the State of Kentucky he said
and did on this subject all that could be asked
of him by any patriotic citizeti of the United
States. Indeed all that I have said about the
KuKluxKlan has been said in almost as strong
language by him as Governor of Kentucky.
Before I refer to the message which he deliv-
ered, and which I now have before me, I wish
to remark on one or two points made by him
in the course of his speech.
The Senator refers to'the late stopping of
the mail of the great line between Louisville
and Lexington. 1 did not introduce the topic
of stopping the mail, for I was not familiar
with the circumstance. It was spoken of in
the Louisville Courier in an article that I had
read from that Democratic paper. Who did
this, or why it was done, the Senator docs not
throw much light upon. That it was done by
lawless bands, that the main facts alleged by
the Louisville Courier are true, he does not
himself controvert. It is true that this man's
life was not taken ; he was not killed. He did
not suffer, as in a recent ease stated by a Sen-
ator on this floor, wliere a negro man engaged
in carrying the mails between Montgomery,
Alabama, and Meridian, Mississippi, wasfired
upon by a band of Ku Klux and killed at his
place, in the presence of fifty or sixty per-
sons. He did not fare so unfortunately as that
man. That was a case known, a matter of
public notoriety, stated, I think, on this floor
by the Senator from Alabama, and known, I
presume, to the Senator from Mississippi, that
while a mail agent was engaged in the dis-
charge of his duty, when stopping at a little
station on that great railroad route, men came
up, one of them in disguise, fired a loaded lot
of buckshot into his bosom, and killed him.
There was the end of it, and all the efforts
made to pursue him, catch him, punish him,
or any one on acaount of it, faiieu.
It is clear 'that the Postmaster General is
convinced, upon official information from the
chief agent of the Department in Louisville,
Kentucky, that there is a determination to kill
this route agent. He never would have stopped
this mail but upon convincing information of
that kind. He lias had the benefit of listening
to the statement of the Senator from Kentucky,
and he has acted upon official information that
he has. It is reasonable to suppose, and I
