874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
which was read at the Secretary's desk, until
Thursday afternoon at three o'clock, the after-
noon of the day it was printed in the New York
Tiibune. But my purpose in rising was to ask
the chairman of the committee, whom I do not
see in his seat, whether it is true as stated in
this paper that the committee have not hesi-
tated to say in a semi-public manner what Sen-
ator it was. As I do not see the chairman now
in his seat, I will defer the inquiry until some
other time.
Mr. MORTON. One word further, and I
am done. Mr. President, we know the spirit
that prevails through the profession to which
these younggentlemen belong. This is not the
first illustration of it. There have been illus-
trations of a similar character, both in this
Capitol and elsewhere, before. We know that
these young gentlemen feel that if in the pres-
ence of any pains or penalties they should
make this statement they would be dishonored.
They feel that way. You may threaten them
with imprisonment in the common jail on
bread and water, and yet they would rather
encounter that than encounter the scorn and
contempt of their fellow-members in this pro-
fession.
This is the way they feel about it, and if
they go forward and tell what will reasonably
vindicate this Senate, its members and officers,
ought we to push them further? Should we
not rather regard this as in the nature of an
appeal, that we shall consider the circumstances
under which they are placed? You may im-
prison these men ; but do any of you believe
that you will make them divulge, or that you
will make any subsequent member of that pro-
fession divulge under like circumstances? We
have no reason to believe that. Their honor,
their reputation, their pride, their word, have
all been pledged that they will not make this
disclosure, and they will go up to this discon-
solate, gloomy dungeon and stay there before
they will do it; and what have you accom-
plished ?
Now, I ask that we shall take a reasonable
view of this case. Consider their position,
consider the views that they take of the hon
orable obligations that are imposed upon them,
consider what they have already answered to
us; for they have answered every question
which has been asked except where the treaty
came from. Mr. liamsdell lias said, and swears
to it, that to the best of his knowledge and
belief it did not come from or through the
Senate in any manner or form. Mr. White
says, in response to a direct question asked
by the Senator from Illinois, that if this came
from the Senate or through the Senate in any
way he does not know it, lias no knowledge
ot' it. He is willing to swear that he did not
receive it from the Senate, or an officer of the
Senate, directly or indirectly.
One word further. This is not the end of this
matter with these young gentlemen, no differ-
ence what you may do. You may imprison
them it you please, but their imprisonment
cannot be pleaded in bar to the prosecution that
may be set on foot, and is very certain to be
set 011 foot under the certificate that the Presi-
dent of this body will make to the court of
tiiis District. They will certainly be presented
to that court under the law and under his cer-
tificate. They are to be put on their trial, and
the case can he made out, and will be made
out, that they have refused to testify. They
will have no defense to make in mitigation of
their punishment,, and it cannot be less than
imprisonment for one month under "the terms
<>! fHe law. Now, when the law has provided
for this case already, and they are to be re-
Hurled very certain!}1 when they go from here
to a trial, and perhaps to punishment, when it
isceiiaui that we cannot get the knowledge
irom them that is desired by the committee, I
ask if we should not stop, if We should not
say that enough has been done, and if there is
to be anything further done leave it to the
court?
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Secretary at the
desk be good enough to read the words which
it is proposed to strike out?
The CfiUEF Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the conclusion of the second resolution, in
the following words :
And said committee shall be continued during the
recess following the present session, and are hereby
authorized to sit during said recess, with all the
powers conferred by the original resolution of the
Senate under which said committee was appointed.
Mr. SUMNER. I should not have said
another word but for the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thtjkman,] and an ex-
pression of opinion which fell from him in
those remarks. I understood him to argue
that by continuing this committee after the
close of the present session of the Senate these
witnesses might during that continuance be
kept in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
I did not understand him to adduce a single
parliamentary precedent supporting that con-
clusion. I ask the Senator if he knows of any
parliamentary precedent supporting that con-
clusion?
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot on the spur of
the moment produce any precedent of such a
case. I have no doubt I could find them if I
had the time to hunt them out; but I do not
have in my memory at this time any such case.
I gave the reasons, which seemed to me to be
satisfactory, why it is in the Senate's power
to appoint committees to sit during the recess
of the Senate, and if they have that, and those
committees are charged with the duty of taking
testimony, and a witness refuses to answer,
especially during a session of the Senate, and
the Senate orders him to be put into custody
until he does answer, I do not see how you
can get rid of the power to do it, if you have
the right to authorize a committee to sit during
the recess. It is wholly distinct from the ques-
tion, I beg to remind the Senator, of whether
a committee sitting in the recess could do it
of its own motion. This is the act of the
Senate, not the act of a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, I
understand that the Senator from Ohio ad-,
duces no parliamentary precedent. There is
no such precedent. I challenge any Senator
to produce it. I challenge the chairman of
the committee, the Senator from Wisconsin,
to produce any parliamentary precedent sus-
taining the conclusion. My friend from Ohio
argues from the powers of a court. While the
court is in session it has the power to keep
a witness in custody for contempt. But a
Senate committee is not a court. It is a par-
liamentary incident to legislative proceedings,
or, as in the present case, to proceedings of
the Senate in executive session. It is an in-
cident. The committee has no power which
is not conferred upon it by the Senate; espe-
cially has it no power to commit for contempt.
Notoriously, when a witness refuses to
answer before a committee, the committee
reports the fact to the Senate or to the House,
and it is by the order of the Senate or of the
House that the contumacious witness is taken
into custody, not by the order of the commit-
tee, not by any power inherent in the commit-
tee, not by any vitality of the committee, but
by the Senate or the House, and the contempt
expires with the session of the body that com-
mits. When I lay down this conclusion I
know that I cannot be answered. I know
that there is no precedent, to the contrary, and
I know that I speak the time-honored parlia-
mentary law of England, adopted and repeated
in our own country.
Mr. THURMAN. I can show you authority
in the British House of Commons.
Mr. SUMNKR. I will read the authority
of the British House of Commons. I have in
my hands now May's Parliamentary Practice,
which is the most authoritative work in Eng-
land on this subject.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, there is a difference
between the House of Lords and the House
of Commons.
Mr. SUMNER. That I understand.
Mr. THU RM AN. The House of Lords does
not imprison beyond its session ; the House of
Commons does.
Mr. SUMNER. It is just the other way.
The House of Lords imprisons beyond the
session and the House of Commons does not.
Now for the rule, as I read it from May's
Parliamentary Practice, page 105:
"No period of imprisonment is named by the Com-
mons, and the prisoners committed by them, if not
sooner discharged by the House, are immediately
released from their confinement on a prorogation,
whether they have paid the fees or not. If they were
held longer in custody they would be discharged by
the courts upon a writ of habeas corpus."
Such is the statement of this experienced
parliamentarian. I need not say that the
author of this work is at this moment, and has
been for a long time, the clerk of the House
of Commons—familiar with its usages as any
living person.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him for a moment 
Mr. SUMNER. I am coming to the Sen-
ator's authorities. I have them before me. If
he will allow me to state the case then he shall
follow.
1 give the words of May. But that is not
all. The chief justice of England, Lord Den-
man, in giving judgment in the famous case of
Stockdale vs. Hansard, the most important
case of contempt which has occurred during
these later years, expresses himself as follows:
"However flagrant the contempt, the House of
Commons can only commit till the close of the exist-
ing session. Their privilege to commit is not better
known than this limitation of it. Though the party
should deserve the severest penalties, yet his offense
being committed tlie day before the prorogation, if
the House ordered his imprisonment but for a week,
every court in Westminster Hall, and every judge
of all the courts, would be bound to discharge him
by habeas corpus."
That is the judgment of the chief justice of
England. Now, sir, to what extent has this
been adopted in our country? I have in my
hands the work, which my friend from Ohio
has already cited, of my late friend and early
associate, Luther S. Cushing, entitled Law and
Practice of Legislative Assemblies, and I turn
to what he says under the head of Imprison-
ment, as follows :
"According to the parliamentary law of England
there is a difference between the Lords and Com-
mons in this respect: the former being authorized
and the latter not, to imprison for a period beyond
the session."
That is the English rule. Now, how is it in
our country according to this authority ?
"In this country the power to imprison is either
incidental to or expressly conferied upon all our
legislative assemblies; and in some of the States it
is also regulated by express constitutional provis-
ion. Where it is notso regulated it is understood
that the imprisonment terminates with the session."
In other words, in our country we have fol-
lowed the law of the English House of Com-
mons and not the law of the House of Lords.
The chairman of the committee to-day pro-
poses to ingraft upon our usage a practice
borrowed from the House of Lords. While
about it I think he had better follow that
other usage, which is thus stated :
"It was formerly the practice to make prisoners
receive the judgment of the House kneeling at the
bar. In both Houses, however, this practice has
long since been discontinued, although the entries
in the Lords' journal still assume that the prisoners
are ' on their knees' at the bar."
It appears that the discontinuance of this
practice in the House arose from the refusal
of Mr. Murray-to kneel, when brought up to
the bar of the House on the 4th of February,
1750. For this refusal he was declared "guilty
of a high and most dangerous contempt of the
authority and privilege of this House,'' was
I committed close prisoner to Newgate, and not
allowed the use of pen, ink, and paper.
Now, as the authority states that the entry
in the Lords' journal down to this day is that
the prisoners are "on their knees" at the bar,
and as the Senator from Wisconsin proposes
