168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
financial system upon some permanent basis,
paying $25,000,000 a year, if you please, of
the debt, and when you introduce into this
country a sound currency, for the want of
which the people have been subjected to great
losses for the last five years.
I did not intend to go into a general dis-
cussion of this subject. My object was to call
attention to it sufficiently to justify the Senate
in refusing to pass this resolution. Now I de-
sire to correct an erroneous impression which
the Senator from New York undoubtedly fell
into without having the papers before him.
I am reminded by a Senator beside me
[Mr. Schukz] that Mr. George Francis Train,
whom the Senator from Vermont had in his
eye as a proper person for Secretary of the
Treasury, is a high protectionist, and that in
his platform which he has recently put forth
to the country he goes in for protection; so
that I suppose the Senator would have no dif-
ficulty in choosing as between Train and myself
whom he would prefer for Secretary of the
Treasury. [Laughter. ]
Mr. President, the Senator from New York,
I think inadvertently, without having the
papers before him, fell into a mistake as to
the session in 1867 not having anything to do
with the opinion of the Attorney General. I
have the Globe before me.
Mr. CONKLiNG. I did not say so, if the
honorable Senator will allow me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I misunderstood
the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. Oa the contrary, I said
that the session had ; that that was the subject
with which it dealt; but that it was a session
occurring in consequence of an adjournment
which took place on the 30th of March, long
anterior to the time when anybody could have
presaged that the Attorney General would have
given such an opinion, or any opinion what-
ever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is true, at the time
that the adjournment took place ; but the Sen-
ator will see that the reason of the convening
of Congress then was this opinion of the Attor-
ney General.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no doubt of it,
and I so stated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I misunderstood the
Senator, then, as to the time. When he spoke
of the opinion of the Attorney General I con-
nected it with the convening of Congress, and
it seems he intended to apply it to the time of
adjournment. I have in my hand the state-
ment. made by the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthony] of the causes which brought
Congress together on the 4th of July, and I
will read a sentence or two from it. He says:
"I supposed the reason for this proposition "—
which was a proposition to conline the session
to a particular subject—
"was so evidont to every Senator who has con-
versed with tbe members of tlio body that it would
require no explanation whatever. We adjourned
at the first session of the Fortieth Congress under a
lesolution iTtuch was read at the desk yesterday,
which contemplated a session in July, provided the
Senators and Representatives, acting upon their
individual judgment, should come hire in sufficient
numbers to iortii a quotum, and in the event that a
Quorum was not formed in both Houses, then the
1'resiauig Officers were directed immediately to ad-
journ the two Houses without day. A quorum
would not have assembled had it not been thought
that some amendment was nccessary to tho recon-
Kti action law. 1 do not state this as an opinion; I
state it as a tact within my own knowledge. There
weie thirty-live Senators answered to their names
on Wednesday. More than eight Senators have told
mo that they should, not huveooiuehere but for that
reason. I believe. Mr. Presideut.thatwe have come
here in obeaience to tho public sentiment of tho
country. 1 think that the public sentiment of the
country demanded that there should be some legis-
lation, in order to make tbe recoostruction acts pre-
cisely what we intended them to be* and not as they
have been cont-trucd, I do not say improperly, for
1 am not :i lawyer and <lo not pretend to judge upon
that, by tbe Attorney General. Whether the con-
struction is aperlcctly lair one, or whether it is a
teebnienl one, it certainly does not givo to those acts
the intention which Congress had in passing it."
That shows that the condition of things in
July, 1867, was very different from what it is
now; that Congress had assembled with a view
to that particular thing. Now, we are assem-
bled in general session, without a view to any
particular subject, in pursuance of an act of
Congress. We should not have come together
then, as the Senator from Rhode Island very
properly said at the time, but for this con-
struction of the reconstruction acts.
There is another reason why we passed the
rule that we did at that time, which is perfectly
conclusive. I will read what was said by the
Senator from Rhode Island on that point:
"The resolution which is now before the Senate
has been, by a similar one in the House of Repre-
sentatives, passed* by so large a majority that the
opponents of it could not call the yeas and nays. I
suppose it is not improper to make a referonoe to
that, showing that it is the sentiment alike of the
House as I believe it to be of the Senate."
When the House and Senate both concur in
such a resolution there can be no disrespect
certainly to either body in the other adopting
it. I presume—I do not recollect how the
fact was—that there was some understanding
between the members who assembled here at
that time. I know it was a voluntary thing,
and considered so on the part of all of us,
whether we should come or not; and I have
no doubt there was an understanding between
the members of the House and the Senate that
we should do no other business, and this res
olutioft was introduced into bolh Houses and
passed. Of course there could be no objection
to it. But the House now, instead of passing
any such resolution, has sent us bill after bill.
I do not know hut that as many as twenty
bills have conic from tho House of Represent-
atives upon general subjects, some of them
relating to the revenue. Now if this were
made a concurrent resolution, or if the House
of Representatives were to pass such a resolu-
tion as they did in 1887, certainly there could
be no disrespect on our part in passing one,
too. But the Senate, it seems, did not pass
such a resolution even in 1807 until the House
had acted upon a similar resoiutioil. There-
fore, I adhere to the opinion which I expressed
at the start, that this resolution is, on the part
of the Senate, a direspectful resolution, under
the circumstances, to a coordinate branch of
the Government, and that we ought not to
adopt it. We ought not to adopt it for other
reasons which I have already stated and do not
wish to repeat. I shall, at the proper time,
if the resolution is to be considered, move an
amendment to it.
Mr. MORTON. I have the statement of the
public debt for the first of the present month,
showing that the coin certificates of deposit
in the Treasury, by private parties, amount to
over twenty-nine million dollars. I am advised
that, on the 1st of May, the Government will
require about thirty-five million dollars in gold
to pay interest, which would make about sixty-
four million dollars of the amount on hand-that
will be required to pay deposits or to pay in-
terest, which diminishes the apparent balance
in the Treasury very greatly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the Senator advised
how much gold will be received between now
and then ?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir, I am not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ipresumeitwillbemore
than enough to cover that.
Mr. MORTON. I am only making this
statement to show that to say there is $103,-
000,000 of gold in the Treasury does not give
the country a correctiidea of the actual con-
dition of the Treasury. I have here the monthly
statement for March, 1870, a year ago, and it
shows that at that time the deposits by private
parties in the Treasury were over $44,000,000,
nearly $45,000,000. I have here the statement
for May, 1870, showing that those deposits then
amounted to over $33,000,000, nearly $34,-
000,000. The amount goes up and down ; and
sometimes there will appear to be a very large
surplus in the Treasury which might reasonably
be claimcd should be applied to the payment
of the public debt; but it may turn out that
nearly one half of it has been deposited by
private parties who may draw it out the next
day.
senator from texas.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to make a report
which I presume is a question of privilege, I
am instructed by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections to make a report in the case of
Morgan C. Hamilton, Senator from Texas. I
will state that the committee are entirely unan-
imous that Mr. Hamilton is entitled to his seat;
that there is no reason whatever for keeping
him out an hour longer. The facts in brief
are these: he was elected by the Legislature
that convened in 1870, after the reconstruction
acts were passed ; he was elected for the short
term and for the long term commencing March
4, 1871. Mr. Flanagan was elected at the
same time. Both Senators took their seats for
the short terms. There was an intervening
session of the same Legislature held afterward,
at which there was an election of another per-
son ; but the act of Congress fixes the time for
the election at the first session of the Legis-
lature which is elected next preceding the
vacancy. Mr. Hamilton was elected at the
time fixed by the act of Congress. The case
is precisely similar to the case of Mr. Gilbert,
which was settled in the last Congress, and
there is no question about it. We have made
a statement of the facts, and submit the follow-
ing resolution, which I ask to have considered
now:
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reception and consideration of this
report of the Committee on Privileges and
Elections in regard to the Senator from Texas?
The Chair hears none; and the Secretary will
report the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Jiesolved, That Morgan C. Hamilton was duly
elected a Senator from the State of Texas tor the
term commencing March 4,1871, and ia entitled to
take his seat as such upon taking the required oaths.
The resolution was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
inquire if the Senator from Texas is present
in the Chamber. [After a pause.] He does
not appear to be present.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to the bill (H.
R. No. 19) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of additional clerks and messengers in
the Pension Office, and for other purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROBERTSON and Mr. VICKERS
submitted amendments intended to be pro-
posed to the bill (H. R. No. 19) making ap-
propriations for the payment of additional
clerks and messengers in the Pension OiSce,
and for other purposes ; which were referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and or-
dered to be printed.
business op the session.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the resolution of Mr. Anthony, limiting the
business of the session.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was about to move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY, if the Senator will yield
for a moment I think we can get a vote on this
resolution. It has just come to the surface
through this long sea of debate.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Texas
is present and ready to take the oath of office
I shall not press the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does not
appear to be present.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Wiil the Senator give way
for a vote if we can take it now?
Mr. IIAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I have something to say
