1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
upon that resolution. I have given notice to
the Senator from Rhode Island of that.
Mr. HAMLIN. Senators aroundme saythey
are going to speak upon it; and therefore I do
riot give way.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let me give notice before
the adjournment, and I wish Senators who are
in favor of this resolution would hear me, that
on Monday I shall ask the Senate to remain
here until the resolution is disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not bring it up in the
morning hour, so that it shall not interfere with
the main discussion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Sen-
ators have riseii with routine business. Does
the Senator from Maine yield for that pur-
pose ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I-yield to the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayakd.]
Mr. BAYARD. I propose to submit some
remarks to the Senate on this resolution, and
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have an
executive session for a few moments, and I
make that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest to the Senator
from Delaware to make his speech on the
resolution to which it properly applies, the
resolution of the Senater from Ohio, and allow
us to take the vote on this resolution. The
discussion can then go on upon the resolution
of the Senator from Ohio, to which it properly
applies. There can be no objection to that, I
think. I do not expect to take the vote now
on the resolution, because several Senators
wish to speak upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. I obtained the floor from
the Senator from Maine with the understand-
ing that I should make the motion I have
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire an executive
session for a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Delaware to yield to
the Senator from Ohio, who moves an execu-
tive session.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I wish to make this in-
quiry : if the Senator from Delaware moves to
go into executive session, will that give him
the floor on Monday?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He will be enti-
tled to the floor on Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Delaware, I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be suffi-
cient. With the consent of the Senator from
Delaware, the Senator from Ohio moves an
executive session.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has priority.
Pending the motion for an executive session
the Senator from Connecticut moves that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock and forty-seven minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 20, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
was read and approved.
senatoh pj50m texas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator-elect
from Texas being in the Chamber will present
himself at the Chair to take the oaths of office.
Hon. Morgan C. Hamilton, of Texas, ad-
vanced to the desk, and the oaths* prescribed
by law having been administered to him, he
took his seat m the Senate.
statue op hog hi! williams.
Mr. SPIIAGUE. Mr. President: I send to
the Chair an open communication which has
been transmitted to me, in that form, to pre-
sent to the President of the Senate, by his
Excellency, Seth Padelford, Governor of the
State of Rhode Island. I desire it be read for
the information of the Senate. Before it is
read, I desire to state that the substance of it
is to announce the completion of the last of
the two statues, and of its arrival in the Capitol,
that the General Assembly of Rhode Island
voted to furnish the nation, in compliance with
an invitation to that effect. I desire further,
that notice be now taken by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate,
and, through that committee, the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the House of
Representatives, that they jointly inaugurate
fitting ceremonies in recognition of this event,
so that on that occasion I may be discharged
from the trust devolved on me by the com-
munication; and also that all who choose may
take the occasion to drink from the fountain
of human progress and pour out their devotion
before an altar erected to one of the benefactors
of mankind ; time and those who are to par-
ticipate to be designated by the committees;
place, the old Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives ; subject, unveiling the statue of
Roger Williams, and his efforts to emancipate
conscience from the thraldom of polities.
Let now the communication be read, com-
municated to the House of Representatives,
and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
State op Rhode Island,
.Executive Department,
Providence, March 3,1871.
Sir: In compliance with a resolution of Congress
passed July 2,18S4, inviting each State to furnish
for thellall of the old llouseof lleprescnuitivestwo
full marble statues of "deceased persons who have
been citizens thereof and illustrious for their historic
renown, from distinguished civic or military ser-
vices, suehaseachStateshalldetermineto be worthy
of national commemoration," the Slato of Rhodo
Island, by a vote of its General Assembly, has caused
two statues to bo made.
The first of these, a statue of Major General Greene,
was put in the place assigned to it in January, 1870.
The other, a statue of Roger Williams, the founder
of the State, and theflrst promulgator of the doc-
trine of liberty of conscienco in relifrious matters,
has been finished and transmitted to Wasnington.
With high respect, I have the honor to remain,
your most obedient servant,
SHTTI PADELFORD,
Governor of the State of Hhode Inland.
President op the Senate op the United States,
Washington, 1). 0.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island'desires also that a copy of
this communication bo transmitted to the
House of Representatives, for reference in
that body to the same committee. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
I'ls'tTI'IONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Minnesota, asking an
amendment to the homestead act; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of granting addi-
tional bounties to soldiers enlisting in 1801
and 1862 and discharged before serving two
years ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented amemorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the extension
of the jurisdiction of the Light-House Board
over the Mississippi, Missouri, and Ohio rivers;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of
Oliver Evans Wood, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, relative to a plan for the safe delivery
of letters from foreign countries. I move its
reference to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a memorial of
thesame person, relative to a plan for the safe
delivery of letters through the States and Ter-
ritories. I will state that this gentleman seems
to have bestowed a great deal of time and
study upon these two subjects, and he thinks
the adoption of these plans will greatly add
to the efficacy of the postal service. I com-
mend them to the careful consideration of the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, to which committee I move that
this memorial be also referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of cit-
izens of New Hampshire, praying the passage
of the bill to secure cheap transportation of
breadstuff's from the West to the sea-board at
uniform rates throughout the year ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous con-
sent (and if it is granted I will allow the reso:
lution to be laid aside for the regular morning
business) that the Senate take up the resolu-
tion that wa3 pending when we adjourned on
Saturday, to define the business of this session.
I believe, so far as I have been able to in-
quire, that only one Senator desires to address
the Senate on that particular resolution, and
he not at any very great length, and the debate
which has been going on upon that resolution
can then be resumed upon the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio as long as Senators
desire; but I think it would facilitate business
if we came to a definite conclusion one way or
the other about this resolution. I ask, there-
fore, that the Senate proceed to its consider-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not
take up that resolution and spend the time
here in discussing it. I think we had better
go on with business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will give way to morn-
ing business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am opposed to the
resolution, and shall object to its present con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, the morning business not being
concluded.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of A. T.
T. Jones, of Oxford, North Carolina, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
M. Moore, of Randolph county, North Caro-
lina, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, requesting the mem-
bers of Congress from that State to solicit
appropriations to remove obstructions from
Cape Fear bar and Pamlico river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KELLY presented the memorial of
Samuel D. Smith, of Washington territory,
asking the privilege to preempt a portion of
the public lands, late a part of the military
reservation of Port. Walla-Walla; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WINDOM presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, asking for legisla-
tion to authorize the payment of certain claims
for bounty and to extend the time for filing
claims; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota, requesting a change
in the preemption act of July 14, 1870, by ex-
tending the time of payment of preemption
claims; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial ft th« Legis-
