876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
solemnly declaring that confidential documents
should not be circulated except under fixed
penalties. That would be the law of the land.
No such statute is on our books. We are called
to enforce simply a rule of the Senate, and a
rule, too, of the Senate applicable on its face
only to Senators and the officials of the body.
Therefore it is only indirectly that you obtain
jurisdiction of these witnesses, not directly.
They have not offended even against your rules,
as they have not offended against any statute
of the land. And yet you bring your power
to descend upon them.
There is one other remark that I would make
also of a general character. I have made it
in this Chamber before, but I think it will bear
repeating. I do not like this idea of striking
at the agent when you know the principal. The
chairman of the committee read to the Senate
yesterday the bold words of the Tribune in
New York declaring its responsibility for this
act. It was at the orders of this journal and
in its service that this document was obtained
and the Tribune gave it to the public. If an
offense has been committed, it was in New
York, in the office of that powerful paper,
much more than here. These witnesses were
only the agents; they were not the principals ;
aud until the final publication there was an
opportunity to arrest if. Therefore is the
principal responsible rather than the agent,
and therefore do I say tbat the Senate would
do better if in this inquiry it aimed directly
at the chief, without spending so much time
on the subordinate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I presume the Senator
would not contend that that editorial would be
evidence against the proprietor of that paper,
and we cannot take the very step the Senator
th'nks should betaken without first having in
some tangible form the facts which would
make that paper responsible. If, for instance,
this examination goes on and these witnesses
arc compelled to answer questions, and they
shall say they were directed by the proprietor
of that paper to furnish the document at any
price and transmit it there to be illicitly pub-
lished, that will lay the foundation for the pro-
ceedingwhich the Senator wants taken against
the Tribune.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Why not send
for the responsible conductors of the Tribune
now?
Mr. CARPENTER. We have got them.
Mr. SUMNER. The responsible conduct-
ors ?
Mr. CARPENTER. The responsible con-
ductor for this purpose; the man who did the
thing and says he knows the fact.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator frorii Mas-
sachusetts permit me a question at that point?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. He having already stated that
there is no penal statute underwhich anybody
could be punished for publishing the treaty,
how could we proceed against the proprietor
of the newspaper?
Mr. SUMNER. I am very glad the Sen-
ator asked that question. I perceive certainly
as keenly as he does the foliy of the proceed-
ing, but you may proceed against the propri-
etor of the newspaper by the same right and
title tbat you are proceeding now against these
witnesses.
Mr. SCOTT. If we had the newspaper
editor before the committee and he refused to
answer the questions we might.
Mr. SUMNER. Since the object of im-
prisonment is with a view to find out whence
this copy came. I think the Senate would be
betteremployed in summoning the principal.
That is the way it strikes me. If the Senate
is disposed to persevere in what more than one
Senator has called "folly," then I say strike
at the principal. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is entirely right. There is little ground
of proceeding against anybody, but if you are
going to proceed against anybody proceed
against the principal. I do not know how that
may impress others, but that seems to me to
be according to reason and to common sense.
It is no more difficulttotake the principal, and
it is much more according to simple equity.
While I am up I may make one other re-
mark. This whole proceeding is inconsistent
with the requirements of this age. Senators
have heard me before say that the rule of
secrecy in the Senate was adopted at an early
period when the Senate was a very small body,
and when we were much under the influence
of European example. Meanwhile, European
example has changed, but we have remained
unchanged. On the continent of Europe trea-
ties are always discussed in public; certainly
in most of the great nations now, in Austria,
in Germany; and we know now that the treaty
pending here is to be discussed on Monday
next before the people of England, accord-
ing to notice already given by Lord Russell.
And yet the Senate, borrowing and continuing
this old rule of secrecy, says there shall be no
such discussion befoie the American people.
The English people will know the treaty; but
our people must not know it. In attempting
to impose any such rule of secrecy, permit me
to say you fly against human nature itself;
you ily against the requirements of liberal
institutions; you liy against the demands of
the American people. Public opinion, which
is more than queen, with "round and top of
sovereignty," overrules your attempt, and
insists upon publicity. Here is an "irrepres-
sible conflict," and your rule, like slavery,
must yield.
You remember well, sir, that there is some-
where in one of the central streets of New
York an old mile-stone with the primitive in
scription "two miles to New York." The city
has outgrown that ancient stone, extending
miles and miles beyond it; but the venerable
monument is still preserved, testifying to a
former age and proclaiming an untruth. Such,
sir, is your rule of secrecy. Public sentiment,
liberal institutions, the demands of civilization
have extended far beyond your old rule, and
yet you still keep it standing—" two miles to
New York." If it is to continue let it bo like
the early stone, only as a curiosity of the past;
but do not undertake to compel the American
people to live by it; especially do not imprison
fellow-citizens because they do not lecognize
its authority.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, it was
not my purpose to speak at all 
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to make a remark in oxplan-
dtMr.' CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mi-. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
in the remarks that I submitted to the Senate
some time since I assumed the position that if
a Senator received from the State Department
or from any other source a copy of the treaty,
and after the Senate had received the treaty
from the Executive communicated that State
Department copy, it would not be a violation
of the secrecy of the Senate. I have further
considered that position, and I am satisfied
that it is erroneous, and I finally withdraw
from it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not intend to
occupy any time, and I should not have ad
dressed the Senate at all but for the remarks
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
xer,] which seem to me, under the circum-
stances, to be a little remarkable. He meets
with the committee, this witness is brought
before the committee, and he himself informs
the witness that his couduct puts him in con-
tempt of the Senate, lie himself concurred,
as I understood it; at all events I made the
report as a unanimous report (understanding
it to be so) of those who were present, and the
Senator from Massachusetts, in his seat, did
not dissent from it. The conclusion was that
the committee should make a report of the
proceedings, and the resolution which was to
be copied in the report was produced in the
committee-room from the Congressional Globe
when we were all present, I think.
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. CARPENTER. It was not copied then,
but it was produced and referred to.
Mr. SUMNER. In committee I understood
that I assented only to the conclusion which I
announced specifically to the witness, that in
my judgment he was in contempt, and I agreed
with the committee in reporting that to the
Senate, believing that the Senate would then
take the whole subject into consideration and
see that it was not expedient to go any further.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a "consum-
mation devoutly to be wished for" by these
witnesses, but which I did not anticipate. I
desire to say just one word in that connection.
I have done in this matter precisely what I
supposed was my duty as the chairman of this
committee. The Senator has seen fit in the
speech he has just made to turn this matter
upon me as if 1 was trying to break down the
law of the land and imprison some citizen, in
consequence of having offered these resolu-
tions, which are mere formal steps in the pro-
ceeding of investigation which the Senate
ordered the committee of which I was a mem-
ber to do. These resolutions I have drawn
and presented, one after the other, because I
understood that was the form of machinery of
the thing, and have understood that it was the
duty of the chairman having the matter in
hand to perform that drudgery and copy these
papers and offer them in the regular steps of
proceeding. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts thinks I have any more feeling on this
subject than any man in the world, if he thinks
I want to see anybody kneeling, if he thinks
I want to revive any of the barbarities of the
common law four hundred years ago, he is
simply mistaken. If he thinks I want to push
this investigation one second after the Senate
is sick of it, he is mistaken in that. The res-
olution which I offer here in this form 1 offer,
I may say, for the very purpose of testing it.
I am willing as a member of this body to take
one seventieth of the ridicule that will fall upon
us if we quail in our steps; but I am not will-
ing to be made one of five to suffer vicariously
for the whole body.
As a member of this committee I have pre-
sented a resolution which is the logical result
of what the Senator from Massachusetts him-
self concurred in in thecommittee. The very
moment the Senate is sick of it, all right. I
wish it distinctly understood that I do not
want this investigation to go on one minute on
my account, and that I have no feeling about
it, no desire about it except to perform what I
supposed was the duty of the chairman of such
a committee.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Bet'orethe Senator begins
will he allow me to read just one sentence in
reply to the Senator from Wisconsin?
Mr. THURMAN. What does the Senator
read from ?
Mr. SUMNER. I read from Cushing, and
I read it especially in reply to the Senator
from Wisconsin. He seemed to criticise me
because I concurred in the irresistible conclu-
sion that these witnesses were in contempt.
Ms CARPENTER. Oh, no, not at all.
My surprise was that he did not continue to
concur in the responsibility; that he bolted
the track just as he reached the conclusion.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I am coming to the
legal authority. Says Cushing :
"There seems to be no reason to doubt that tho
Houso may put a contumacious witness into closc
confinement—a.nd this in fact was atl that was done
in Paxton's and other cases of the same kind—ac-
companied with such restraints from communica-
tion with other persons as it may deem necessary to
prevent the ends of public justice from being frus-
trated; but whether this right should be exercised
or not, in any given ease, is a Qtuestion deserving
of very grave and careful consideration."
