1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
When the Senator made his report these wit-
nesses were in contempt. The words of this
authority came precisely into play. Whether
they should be committed was "a question
deserving of very grave and careful consider-
ation." I have given to it, in my way, such
consideration as I could, and my conclusion
is that we had better not proceed any further
in this business.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had permitted me to interrupt him
at the time [ should have corrected a mere
slip of the tongue when I was stating the dif-
ference between the House of Lords and the
House of Commons. The remark I made was
to the effect that the House of Lords was
restricted to its session in the imprisonment
of a person guilty of a contempt, but that the
House of Commons was not. It was a mere
slip, saying "the House of Lords" in place
of "the House of Commons." The difference
is very well known, and the reason of the
difference is very well known, too. The House
of Lords is a body of perpetual existence. It
never ceases to exist. It is not so with the
House of Commons. The House of Commons
may cease to exist by the expiration of its
term. It may cease to exist by a dissolution.
Usually, where it ceases to exist by the expir-
ation of its term, another House immediately
takes its place, and it might be supposed to be
a case of perpetual succession, without any
hiatus; but where the House is dissolved
there is no House of Commons at all until
another House is elected.
Mr. MORTON. The authority answers the
Senator's argument. The members of the
House of Commons are elected for a certain
time.
-Mr. THURMAN. Seven years.
Mr. MORTON. During that time it is the
same House. You say this is the Senate all
tiie time. That is true. The House of Rep-
resentatives is the House for two years because
the members are elected fur that time ; but
they have two or three sessions 111 that time,
and the authon'y is that their power to im-
prison for contempt ends with the end of the
session—not with the end of their term, but
with the end of the session ; so that the con-
tinuance of the term or the continuance of the
House has not anything to do with it anymore
than the continuance of the Senate has any-
thing to do with it.
Mr. Til HUMAN. IftheSenatorhad waited
he would have heard what I have to say on that
subject. I admit the weight of his suggestion ;
but whether a good reason or a bad reason,
that is the reason. The House of Lords is a
body of perpetual duration. The Commons
is not a body of perpetual duration. When
the House of Commons is dissolved there is
110 Housn at all in existence until a new House
is, elected. That is not the case with the House
of Lords; and so with the Senate. It was
decided long ago, as soon as the question arose,
that there is no hiatus in the existence of the
Senate of the United States, because it is pre-
sumed that the States will perforin their duty
of electing Senators; and as only one third can
go out every two years, there is always a quorum
or the Senate, and forever must be a quorum
of the Senate. It has therefore been decided
a^ain and again, when the question has coine
up directly, and was decided very early in the
history of the Senate, that the Senate is a
bod}' of perpetual duration. That is the reason
for it. Now let us come to see what is the
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt my friend
right there ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to call his
attention to a distinction which he certainly
lias not alluded to between the Senate and the
House of Lords. The House of Lords has two
functions, one legislative, and the other judi-
cial. Thejudicial function goes on from day
to day and from adjournment to adjournment
throughout the whole year; and in that respect
the House of Lords is a permanent body. It
may be in session every day of the year. In
the sense of the law'it is in session every day
of the year, so that an order made by the
House of Lords can be executed throughout
the whole year.
It can be reconsidered ; it can be annulled.
It is not so with the House of Commons, which
I need not remind the Senator has but one
function, the legislative, and when the legis-
lative session expires any committal made in
that session expires also. Now, 1 take it that
the prerogatives of both Houses of Congress
are modeled on the House of Commons and
not on the House of Lords; and I assume that
though in one sense the Senate is a permanent
body—the Senator from Ohio is not wrong in
that statement; it differs from the other House
in that the body never comes to an end—yet
the Senate is divided into sessions precisely as
the other House is divided into sessions, and
being so divided, it is clearly distinguishable
from the House of Lords, and the natural inci
dent of the House of Commons attaches to it,
that any committal made by it during its ses-
sion expires with the session.
Mr. THURMAN. If no other Senator
desires to speak I will proceed. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDIO ST. The Senator from
Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. The House of Lords, it
is true, sits as the highest court of appeal in
the realm, and three of the law lords make a
quorum. That is all very true, but in a legis-
lative sense the House of Lords is a body of
perpetual and continuous existence, and so is
the Senate of the United States. There are
sessions of the House of Lords to sit as a judi-
cial tribunal to try appeals and long vacations
between those sessions, just as there are ses
sions of the House of Lords for legislative busi-
ness and long vacations between those sessions.
Mr. STEWART. The Senate is a court to
try impeachments.
Mr. THURMAN. We are a court in that
sense to try impeachments as the House of
Lords is a court to try appeals ; but that will
be found, I think, to have nothing at all to do
with this question. Now, let us see what it is.
The Senator from Massachusetts proposes to
have read an authority here that settles this
question; and what is the authority? I beg
to call the attention of the Senate to that.
The authority is this clause in Cushing's Par-
liamentary Law :
"Where thcro is no provision regulating the tirao
of imprisonment, if a commUment is general, the
prisoner will bo entitled to his dischargo on tbc
termination of the session ; if it is for accrtain tunc,
the prisoner will bo entitled to his discharge on the
expiration of the time, or tho termination of tho
session, whichsoever first happens."
What authority is that? That is the authority
of Mr. Luther S. Cushing, for which he cites
no single case in the world. It is the simple
opinion of Mr. Cushing. He says it is under-
stood so and so. Mr. Cushing's opinion, enti-
tled to great respect as it is, is no more than
th'e opinion of any other lawyer; and this
opinion, which is in mere general words and
has no application to the particular case that
is before us, and without the particular case
perhaps ever having been in his mind at all
when he wrote these words, is heralded here
as an authority that settles the question. It
is not an authority at all; it settles nothing ;
and he refers to no decision whatsoever upon
the subject,. _ _
Now, there is a ease, as I have said, in which
the House of Representatives has decided
directly the reverse of this. It was a case in
which I think the decision was monstrously
wrong. It was wrong, however, in its sub-
stance. It found that an assault and battery
upon a member of the House of Representa-
tives in the city of Richmond was a contempt
of the House of Representatives._ I think that
was a most egregiously wrong decision. I think
Pat Woods was guilty of no indignity toward
the House of Representatives, of no contempt
of the House.
Mr. MORTON. Was'not that case on the
ground of a breach of the privileges of the
House?
Mr. THURMAN. It does not. matter one
particle whether it was put on the ground of
a breach of privilege or of contempt, the thing
is precisely the same; for you have just as
much right to punish for a contempt as yon
have for any brpaeh of privilege whatsoever.
The case is precisely the same. Suppose Pat
Woods had knocked down a member of the
House of Representatives in the Hall of the
House, would that have altered the case?
Would not that have been a contempt of the
House? Would not that have subjected him
to punishment? And yet upon full discus-
sion, on reference to all the authorities, that
House did decide that it had a right to punish
him by a definite sentence of imprisonment,
a sentence to three months imprisonment,*
although the session of the House ended in a
few days after that sentence was pronounced,
and he was kept in prison in this very Capitol
for nearly three months after the end of that
session.
Mr. BAYARD. That was punishment.
Mr. THURMAN. It was punishment, and
I am coming to that and showing the distinc-
tion.between the two.
The first thing to be noticed, however, is that
this authority of Mr. Cushing is not expressly
in reference to such a case as this._ No such
case is stated, no casewas probably in his mind
at all, and lie cites not one single decision to
support his mere opinion, and his opinion is
that "it is understood." "Understood" by
whom? He does not say. Not " so decided,"
not that it ever was decided so at all, but sim-
ply "it is understood;" that is, it is Mr.
Cushing's opinion that it is understood that
such and such is the law. That is no authority,
I need not say to the lawyers of the Seriale.
But now, Mr. President, let us look at the
matter further.
The next point made, and that which appears
to be most forcible, is suggested by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, that the body which com-
mands the imprisonment is the body that is to
order the discharge. Let us have a little plain
understanding upon that. In the first place,
no one pretends that a committee of the Sen-
ate can commit a witness to imprisonment.
No one pretends that a committee sitting either
during the sessions of the Senate or sitting in
vacation has any power to commit a witness
to imprisonment for contempt. The commit-
tee must report the fact to the Senais and the
Senate must order the imprisonment, if it is
ordered at ail. We all agree upon that. But
what is the proposition hete? The proposition
here is that the Senate shall order the imprison-
ment. But, then, it is said that the body which
orders the imprisonment must be the. body to
order the discharge. That is not true at all
in the sense in which the expression is used.
The body that orders the imprisonment does
order the discharge if it orders the discharge
upon the happening of a certain event.
If the Senate says that this man shall be
imprisoned until the 1st day of June next,
when June comes the same body that orders
the imprisonment orders his discharge on that
day. If it says he shall be imprisoned until
he makes answer to a certain question, when
he does make answer the same body that
orders his imprisonment orders his discharge.
It is by virtue of its order. It is because its
order is limited and conditional.^ lie is only
to be imprisoned until a certain time, or until
a certain event; and when that time arrives
or that event happens the same authority that
orders his imprisonment orders his discharge.
How is it in the case of courts? There is no
difference between courts and legislative bodies
on this qsestion. A master commissioner in
chancery is appointed to take testimony. He
is appointed to take testimony during the ses-
