1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
Mr. HILL. The Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
referred to that committee with the accom-
panying papers.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 274) to abolish the tribal relations of the
Miami tribe of Indians, and for other purposes;
■which vras read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
5275) to create an additional land district in
the State of Minnesota; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUY-SEN (by request, as
he stated) asked, and by unanimous cousent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 270)
to promote the collection of internal revenue;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 277) granting a pension to James A. For-
gey; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Jlr. RICE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
278) for the relief of William J. Patton, col-
lector of the second collection district of Ark-
ansas; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask leave to
introduce a bill, of which I have given no pre-
vious notice, and I desire to say that 1 have
not read the bill, and I have formed no opin-
ion on its merits. I see that it was reported
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads at the last session, and I ask that it be
now referred to the same committee.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 279) to authorize
the establishment of ocean mail steamship
service between the United States and Mexico ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
JOHN E. WHEELER.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask leave at this time to
make a report fi'om the Committee on Military
Affairs, as I was not in my seat when reports
were called for. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 90) for the relief of John
E. Wheeler, to report it back without amend-
ment, and I ask for its consideration at the
present time.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
appropriates $247 74to John E. Wheeler, late
a first lieutenant in the second Connecticut
heavy artillery, in full payment for his ser-
vices as such from May 15, 1865, to June 15,
1805, and for commutation of transportation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed tor a thild
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mail bids.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resnlved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to communica te to the Senate copies of the bids And
awards, and generally alt information in his posses-
sion, in regard to the mail letting in March, 1870. on
a route No. 17401, trom Santa i'e to 131 Paso, New
Mexico.
CESSES-TAKERS.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
a^i-'ved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed tc communicate to the Senate a list of the
names and residences of the enumerators and per-
sons employed in obtaining the various statistics of
the ninth census of the United States, with the num-
ber of days of actual service by eaeh in the work of
enumeration, together with the amount paid or to
be paid these officers respectively in accordance with
law.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have that
resolution amended so as to show the increased
allowance paid to them.
Mr. CONKLING. It will show that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The resolution was adopted.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following reso-
lution from the Committee on Printing, and
ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
report of tile Commissioner of the General Land
Office for 1870 be printed for the use of said Com-
missioner.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that resolution will
pass. I asked for two thousand copies, but the
committee have reported one thousand.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
COLLECTOR AT WILLAMETTE, OUEGON.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the morning business
is concluded, I move now to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution which was
under discussion on Saturday when the Senate
adjourned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the Senator from
Rhode Island moves to proceed tofhe consid-
eration of the resolution prescribing the legis-
lation of this session.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bafard] is entitled to the
floor upon the resolution. Does he yield to
the Senator from Oregon, who desires to pass
a bill reported by him this morning ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the Senator
from Delaware had the floor on the other
resolution which I offered.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; this was taken
up and yours was laid aside.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator from
Delaware to yield to me to have a bill passed
which I reported this morning, and which will
lead to no discussion.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainlv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware yields to the Senator from
Oregon, who asks that the bill reported by him
this morning may be considered.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 116) concerning the com-
pensation of the collector of customs for the
district of Willamette, in the State of Ore-
gon. It proposes to amend section one of the
act approved June 14, 1870, entitled "An act
to establish the collcction district of Willa-
mette, in the State of Oregon," by striking
out all of the section after the words " to re-
side at Portland," and inserting in lieu there-
of, " and said collector shall be allowed a sal-
ary at the rate of $1,000 per annum, with the
fees allowed by law, and a commission on all
customs money collected and accounted for by
hitn, such salary, fees, and commissions not
to exceed at the rate of $3,000 per annum."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BUSINESS OF THE SESSION'.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Anthony on the 13th instant:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at tho
present session no other legislative business than the
deficiency bill, the concurrent resolution for a joint
committee to investigate into the condition of the
States lately in insurrection, and tho resolution now-
pending instructing the Committeeon the Judiciary
to report a bill or bills that will enable the President
and the courts of the United States to execute fchs
laws in said States.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sherman, which was to add the
following:
And the report that may be made by tho Judiciary
Committee on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I make this proposition:
if a vote can be taken on the resolution of the
honorable Senator from Rhode Islahd without
debate, I have no objection, but on the con-
trary I would desire to see it done, and then
we can proceed to the consideration of the
resolution offered by the Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware states that if a vote can be
taken on this resolution and thepending amend-
ment, without further debate, he will yield the
floor and make his remarks on the resolution
of the Senator from Ohio.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. TEIURMAN. I concur in that, but I
only wish to say that if the amendment moved
by my colleague to that resolution be adopted,
I shall feel constrained to vote against the
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Delaware?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall offer some amend-
ments.
Mr. SUMNER. I have an amendment to
offer
Mr. CONKLING. Let them be offered and
voted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
does not preclude the offering of amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not agree to any
proposition that debate shall not take place.
I do not know that I shall debate the amend-
ments, but I do not agree to any arrangement
that will preclude debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I have something to say
also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from Illinois
both state that they have probably remarks to
submit.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Delaware proceeds the Chair will
state that t.he Senator's remarks will not be
arrested at one o'clock, as this resolution is
the unfinished business of the last adjournment
as well as the hu<iness now before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate at
lengih. [His speech is withheld for revision,
and will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. AMES obtained the floor.
Mr. S fEVENSON. Will the Senator yield
to me for a moment 1
Mr. AMES. Certainly, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, the
Postmaster General lias called my attention
to a technical mistake of fact in the speech
made by me on Saturday last as reported in
the Globe. I am reported as having said :
"I have given you the statement of the mail
agent. 1 ga-ve it to the Postmaster General."
I called on the Postmaster General with that
statement. I uudprstood him to say he already
had it. This is a mere technical inaccuracy.
He tells me that he did not receive it, that it
had been sent to him with my message, but
that he never saw it until to day. My failure
to hand it to him was from the fact that one
of his subordinates told me that my message,
with this statement, was on his table. I do
not desire to misrepresent him, and I wish to
state the fact precisely as it occurred.
Mr. SAWYER. I send to the table" an
amendment to the ameudment of the Senator
from Ohio, which I propose to offer, and I
will state to the Senate that I shall try to get
the floor to make some remarks on it to-mor-
row morning.
