1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
session to-morrow till the resolution is dis-
posed of.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After twenty minutes
spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, a-nd (at four o'clock and forty min-
utes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 20, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Gr. Bctleb, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House:
A bill (S. No. 130) to reestablish the office
of surveyor at Eastport, Maine ;
A bill (S. No. 232) to enable the Houghton
and Ontonagon Railroad Company to make a
resurvey of its road ;
A bill (S. No. 254) to conGrm the title to the
rancho del Rio Grande, in New Mexico, to the
heirs and legal representatives of the original
grantees thereof; and
A bill (S. No. 255) for the relief of Anna M.
Howard.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a resolution, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, for
the printing of thirty-two thousand five hundred
copies of the volume upon industries and the
volume upon mortality of the ninth censusften
thousand for the use of the Senate, twenty
thousand for the use of the House, and two
thousand five hundred for the use of the Census
Office.
CORRECTION.
The SPEAKER. On Friday the House
passed, with an amendment, the bill (S. No.
202) authorizing the President to withdraw his
acceptance^ the resignation of R. H. Lamson,
late lieutenant United States Navy. The title
was not amended so as to correspond with the
amendment made. If there be no objection
the bill will be sent to the Senate with the
title amended so as to read "A bill author-
izing the President to nominate Ii. H. Lam-
son a lieutenant in the United States Navy.''
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
ordell of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions, for reference to their appropriate
committees when appointed, and not to be
brought back by motions to reconsider. Under
this call memorials and resolutions of State
and territorial Legislatures are in order.
corporations ix tiie states.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (IT. R. No.
185) regulating the right of corporations to
transact business in the several States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
officers and crew of the kearsarge.
Mr. HALE introduced abill (H. R. No. 186)
to compensate the officers and crew of the
Kearsarge for the destruction of therebel pirat-
ical vessel Alabama; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
prevention of smuggling.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (U. R. No.
187) to amend an act entitled "An act to pre-
vent smuggling, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 18, 1866; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States,
and ordered to be printed.
PROSECUTION OE CERTAIN OFFENSES.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 188) to extend the time in which certain
offenses may be prosecuted.
_ Mr. NIBLACK. I should like to hear that
bill read.
The bill was read at length.
_ The bill having been read a first and second
time, was referred to the Committee on Revis-
ion of the Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NIBLACK. It strikes me that this bill
would more appropriately go to the Committee
on the Judiciary. It certainly belongs to the
class of legislation referred to that committee
according to the practice which has been here-
tofore followed.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been referred,
and cannot be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
PROTECTION OF LIFE, ETC., IN Till! SOUTH.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 189) to protect loyal and
peaceable citizens in the South in the full
enjoyment of their rights, persons, liberty, and
property; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. NIBLACK. That is a very important
bill, and I should like to hear it read.
The bill was read at length, as follows:
Whereaslargenumbersoflawlessand evil-disposed
persons, especially in the States lately in rebellion,
having conspired together and bound themselves to
cach other by unlawful oaths, havefoimedsccret or-
ganizations, some of which are commonly known as
theKuKluxKlan, having for their main object to de-
feat certain classes of citizens of the United Statesin
theliberty, rights, and equal protection of the laws
guarantied by the Constitution; and whereas by the
use of disguises worn upon their person?, by perjury
violence, threats, overawing the local authorities, and
otherwise, such persons and organizations, their aid-
ers and abettors, have evaded and set at defiance the
power of the States wherein they exist, and thus
with impunity have deprived, and still do deprive,
peaceable citizens of the enjoyment of life, liberty,
and proporty without due process of law, and have
taken from them, and do still take from them, the
equal protection of the laws, by which means such
peaceable citizens have ben made to do acts against
their will, and forego their just rights and freedom
of action, as their only means of eseapo from death
or great bodily harm at the hands of such persons and
organizations; and whereas the States have failed
and still fail to prevent or suppress such violations
of law and denial of the liberty, rights, and protec-
tion guarantied by the Constitution of the United
States to persons within their respective jurisdic-
tions ; and whereas it has been thus rendered impcr-
tive on Congress to enforco all constitutional guar-
antees by appropriate legislation : Therefore,
jBe it enacted by the Senate and Howsenf Representa-
tive* of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the several circuit courts of the United
States in the States of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina. Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and Kentucky,
when the circuit judge is sitting therein, and lor this
purpose the circuit judge shall &it alone, are author-
ized, and it is made their duty, to appoint commis-
sioners in their respective circuits to a number not
cxceedmg one for each county therein, and one lor
each city cxcccding the number of twenty thousand
inhabitants, and in the State of Louisiana for each
parish therein, and two for the city of New Orleans;
which commissioners shall have all the rights,
powers, and jurisdiction conferred by any net of
Congress upon commissioners appointed by the cir-
cuit court of the United States, so far as they may be
applicable, to perform, exercise, discharge, and carry
outall the authorities, powers, and duties imposed
upon them by this act. Said commissioners shall bo
learned and discreet^ persons, and havo the same
compensation for their services under this act a^ are
now provided by law for duties and services of like
character when performed by such commissioners,
to be audited and paid in like manner a* other like
accounts are paid; and said commissioners ghall
hold their offices upon the same tenure as other
commissioners appointed by said circuit courts; and
after their appointment each of them shall reside in
the county for which ho is appointed so long as he
shall hold his commission.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in addition
to the duties which now are, or which have been, or
may hereafter be, proscribed bylaw for said commis-
sioners, it shall be tho duty of each of said commis-
sioners, upon information of any outrage committed
or wrong done against the liberty, property, or per-
son of a citizen of the United States within his pre-
cinct, with intent to hiuder, impair, or deprive &uch
citizen of thefull enjoyment of any right guarantied
to him under the Constitution of the United States,
or of any violation of any of the provisions of this
act, to issue a warrant, or oth or proper process, under
his hand, and seal, forthwith to bring the offender
or offenders before said commissioner, and after duo
examination whether there is probable cause to
believe such offense has been committed, if the com-
missioner shall be satisfied of such probable cause,
and that the accused persons are proven guilty the
commissioner shall bind the offender or offenders by
recognizances with good and sufficient sureties, each,
having sufficient estate within the judicial district.
*!*&* *1.000,nor more than
JlU.UOu, (if the offense is bailable under the laws of tho
United fetatcs,) with condition that the accused
party shall appear and answer to the offenses charged
at the term of the circuit court of the United States
P,03^ £,° held in or for the judicial district where
the offense is committed, and so from time to time
until the final order of the court thereon, or of any
court to which appeals may be taken, and in the
mean time to keep the peace and bo of good behavior
toward all citizens of the United States; and said
commissioner shall have power to bind by recog-
nizance any person in such sum, with or without
surety or sureties, as he may deem best for tho pur-
poses of justice, as a witness to appear before such
court to give testimony at said term in that behalf,
and so from term to term until he bo discharged
thereof; but if the offense be not bailable by the
laws of tho United States, or if the accused shall
not furnishsuch sufficient sureties, then thecommis-
sioner by a mittimus, or other proper process, shall
commit the offender or offenders to the custody of
the marshal, to be brought before the circuit court
at its next term, there to abide the order of the court,
and such mittimus or other process so issued shall be
conclusiveto prevent all molestationorhinderance
of the marshal or his deputy having the accused in
charge from holding him by any process issued by
any court, judgc, magistrate, or any person whatso-
ever except the circuit judge for such circuit: Pro-
vided, however. That tho commissioner may at any
time before the session of such court admit to bail
any person by him committed to the custody of the
marshal for want of sufficient sureties; and each of
said commissioners shall transmit to the clerk of
said circuit court, on or before the first day of said
term of said court, attested copiesof all the proceed-
ings had by him in this behalf, and also attested
copies of all depositions, affidavits, or testimony
taken by him in tbehearing as to probable cause t<i
believe such offenses have been committed, and of
tho probablo guilt of the accused ; and it shall bo
the duty of the clerk of said circuit court to place
such copies so transmitted to him in the hands ot
the district attorney for the district wherein the
offense was committed, who is required diligontly to
prosecute all the offenses therein set forth, and to
sec to it that the party or parties and the witnesses
perform the obligations ot their several recog-
nizances, and in case of default by the witnesses, or
either of them, to have them arrested by proper pro-
cess and brought before the grand jury to testify,
and their recognizance* estreated; and if the ac-
cused, being on bail, shall have made default, to
cause his or their recognizances to be estreated, and
to cause judgment to be entered up thereon, and
speedily to enforce the same, and to cause the ac-
cused to be arrested wherever he may befound.and
brought to trial; and said commissioners arc also
hereby empowered to do ail and such ether acts as
are requisite and necessaryfor the lull presentation
of the offenders and tho ovidence before the grand
jury of said circuit court. It shall also be the duty
of each commissioner to transmit duplicate copies
of all his proceedings, together with the evidence
taken by bun,affidavits, and depositions, and other
documentary evidence, to the Department of Justice
at Washington, to ho therein fiW of record. And
in case of the death, sickness, absence, refusal, or
neglect to act, or other disability of the commissioner
in any county, ;>tl his power and duties may be
exercised by either commissioner of an adjacent
county.
Skc. 3. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be
the duty of all marshals and deputy marshals to
obey arid execute all warrants and precepts issued
under the provisions of this act, wheu to them di-
rected ; and should any marshal or deputy marshal
refuse to rcceivc such warrant, or other process,
when tendered, or use all proper means diligently
to execute the same, heshall, on conviction thereof,,
be fined in the sum of $1,000, to the use of tho in-
formant, on tlie motion of such informant, by the
circuit court for the district of such marshal; and
alter arrest of any person by such marshal or Lus
deputy, or while in his custody, under the provisions
of this act, should such person escape, wL&ther w ith
or without the assent of such marshal or his deputy,
such marshal shall be liable, on his official bond, to
be proseentcd for the benefit of any person injured,
for the full damages done to any injured person by
the escaped person or hi^ confederates, in the State
or district where the offense was committed ; and
the better to enable the said commissioners, when
thus appointed, to execute their duties faithfully and
efiiciently, in conformity with the Constitution of
the United States, and of this act. they are hereby
authorized and empowered, withiu their counties,
respectively, to appoint in writing, under their
hand?, any one «? more suitable persons, from.time
to time, to execute all such warrants and other
process as may he issued by then in the lawful per-
formance of their respective duties, with authority
to such commissioners, or thepcrsonsto beappomted
by them, fa execute process as aforesaid, to summon
and call to tiheir aid the by-slanders or posse eomi-
tufus of tl o proper county when necessary to insure
a faithful observance of the several clauses of the
Constitution referred to, in conformity with tho pro-
