1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
be defended as morally proper for a Senator
to have such relations with a reporter that he
can report confidential proceedings here and
that there is no power on our part to ascertain
that fact? Is that so ? If the person called as
a witness has the privilege of declining to an-
swer, then the Senator is perfectly safe. If
the witness is bound, as it is said he is, by the
honorable obligations of his craft, if he would
be so degraded by divulging that the punish-
ment would be greater in that direction than
any punishment we could inflict, then the Sen-
ator who will report our confidential proceed-
ings is held perfectly harmless. That these
proceedings are published, that information
of them is given out by Senators, is known to
everyone. If anyone reads the newspapers
he will ascertain that fact. Besides such
accounts are frequently given out to the preju-
dice of fellow-Senators.
Now, what will the country think of a Sen-
ator, bound by all the obligations of honor
and his oath to secrecy, who will have such
relations wiih a reporter that he will not only
freely divulge the secrets of the body, but
place his associates in whatever light he sees
proper, and often in a false one? What pub-
lic press or what public sentiment will object
to an investigation the result of which may
be to break up a practice of that kind, which
is a continual punishment to those who seek
to be honorable, they paying penalty to a rule
under which they are allowed to be misrep-
resented to any extent? I object to those sen-
atorial reporters. They are not as honorable
as the reporters in the gallery; they do not
do by their fellows as fairly as the reporters in
the gallery do by them -when the doors are
open ; and if under this rule Senators may
report us as they please, and there is no rem-
edy for it, I say let us abrogate the rule ; but
while the rule exists there is nothing that will
more tend to promote the public peace than its
strict enforcement. Let. us know who are
honorable here, and who keep the secrets of
this body while we have this rule but do not
so construe the rule practically as to stop the
mouth of the honorable man from even giving
the correct version of what occurs here, while
those who are willing to be dishonorable and
to betray the secrets of this body can give an
untrue and unfaithful version. I say it is
unfair.
Now, as to this investigation. I shall not
complain of these young men. I do, however,
complain of the public press when it says that
it is a farce for us to attempt an investigation,
that it is a farce for us to attempt to free our-
selves from this unjust and humiliating posi-
tion that every honorable Senator must occupy
while he reads in the morning papers the secret
proceedings of the Senate on the previous
day, distorted as they may be in the publica-
tion.
The Senatorfrom Indianasaid that the chair-
man of the committee had gone too far in say-
ing that he believed this would be traced to a
Senator. He said that before the chairman
made that statement he should have some evi-
dence of it to submit. Why, Mr. President,
the chairman of the committee and the com-
mittee had witnesses before them who refuse
to answer, and the Senator from Indiana argues
that the testimony already before them should
satisfy the chairman of the committee that he
had gone far enough in that direction, and that
the Senate is exonerated.
I say there is nothing whatever in this testi-
mony to exonerate the Senate. Let me read
what the witness is willing to testify to. I have
examined a great many witnesses, and I have
observed their cautious language, but in point
of extreme caution and in ways provided
whereby to escape I never have seen a more
artful production than the auswer of the wit-
ness before us to the last interrogatory which
the Senate ordered to be propounded to him
at this bar. It beats anything I have ever seen
in that line; it is exceedingly g^tful and well
put, and it was all the case he had. Let us
examine it:
" I am now ready to go before thespeeinl commit-
tee of the Senate and to testily that neither directly
nor indirectly did I receive"—
Mark the word " receive"—
"the copy of what purports to be the treaty of
"Washington from any Senator or officer of tho Sen-
ate. nor, so far as I know, from any employfi thereof."
He did not receive it directly or indirectly
from a Senator. Of course not. He received
it from another man, from a go-between. That
is the ordinary way. Itis as plain as anything
in the world.
Mr. MORTON. Would not that be receiv-
ing it indirectly? Suppose he got it from a
go-between, would not that be receiving it
indirectly?
Mr. STEWART. No; he received it directly
from the go-between, not indirectly from any-
body. It was in his power to exonerate any
Senator. He could have said " I got this
treaty from another source, distinct from the
Seriate; I know the source, and I swear that
it was from another source and that it had
never been in the possession of the Senate."
If he could have said that 
Mr. MORTON. What was the question
propounded to him?
Mr. STEWART. He says "I am now ready
to go before the special committee of the Sen-
ate and to testify that neither directly nor indi-
rectly did I receive a copy of what purports
to be the treaty of Washington from any Sen-
ator. ''
Mr. MORTON. What was the question
propounded?
Mr. STEWART. This is his proposition,
this is his statement of what he proposes to do.
Mr. MORTON. But it was intended as an
answer to a question.
Mr. STEWART. He was asked if he was
ready to answer all proper questions.
Mr. MORTON. It was intended as an
answer to the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. CARPENTER. He does not say that
he is ready to go before the committee and
answer all questions touching that thing, but
that he is ready to swear in that particular
way.
Mr. MORTON. One moment. There has
been no objection made that the answer was
not full enough. If these verbal criticisms
had' been brought to the attention of the wit-
ness, or if they were now brought to his atten-
tion, perhaps he would correct it, but nothing
of that kind has been done. The interroga-
tory .propounded by the Chair, according to
the direction of the Senate, as amended on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, was this:
"Are you now ready to appear before said com-
mittee and to answer all proper questions"—
I presume when they get him before the com-
mittee he will answer all proper questions—
" which may be put to you by said committco touch-
ing the disclosure, directly or indirectly, through
any member of the Senate, or any officer or employe
thereof, of what purports to be a copy "f the u eaty
of Washington now pending before the Senate m
executive session? "
Mr. STEWART. "All proper questions,"
He is asked whether he is ready to answer all
proper questions relative to the disclosure of
this treaty by the Senate. Any lawyer at all
familiar with the rules of investigation knows
that you may sift a witness by all legitimate
questions tending to arrive at the conclusion.
You may ask him who the person was, may you
not, from whom he got the paper? Si ppose a
person had a horse in his possession and there
was a question about the title to it, and he was
called upon to give an account of his posses-
sion, and he should say, "I cannot tell you
from whom I got it, but I will say that I did
not get it from the man who is on trial.'
With such a limitation on our investigations,
how could we ever discover the truth of any
matter of this kind?
The Senator from Indiana is a lawyer, and
yet he complains of the statement of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that he expected to bring
this home to a Senator. He complains of him
for that statement, and says he ought to pro-
duce the proof, while at the same time he takes
away from him any right to make any investi-
gation whatever, and he says this ought to be
satisfactory I He says it ought to be satisfac-
tory if the witness will state that in the act of
receiving this paper he did not take it from the
hands of a Senator or any officer of the Senate ;
that the committee shall not be allowed to get
possession of the other means of information
that may lead to a Senator; that they shall
not be allowed to ascertain the man who went
between the Senator and the witness. Still the
chairman of the committee is to be censured on
the floor of the Senate for not producing the
evidence that leads to a Senator, and yet you
will not let him ask and get answers to ques-
tions which will produce that proof. That is
very singular logic.
The chairman of the committee is not allowed
to inquire the name of the party who brought
the document to the witness ; he is not allowed
to ask who it was, so that he can call him and
trace it another step ; and perhaps it will have
to go two or three steps, for in these things
the " ways that are dark" are no comparison
to it. There is more obscurity than mere
darkness.
Then, the Senator from Massachusetts talks
about our having no right to imprison the wit-
ness because the witness is innocent. Why,
sir, in most cases of witnesses they commit no
crime. The person who stands by and sees a
murder committed, and would have prevented
it if he could, is not guilty ; and still you will
take him from his business, and if he refuses
to attend and testify will put him in jail and
keep him there until he testifies for the pur-
poses of justice.
We are not prosecuting these witnesses for
crime. We have them here to ascertain the
fact whether any Senator has violated his obli-
gation by revealing the secrets of this body.
That is what they are here for. We do not
propose to apply to them anything but the
ordinary means of compelling witnesses to
testify. Witnesses are compelled to testify
for high reasons of public policy, whether they
are guilty or innocent. They are called upon
indiscriminately, it is one of the duties of the
citizen to come forward in all proper cases
where the laws are administered and give his
testimony. If there is any punibhment inflicted
on these witnesses it is self-inflicted punish-
ment. They need not be punished one minute.
In five minutes both these gentlemen can be
free, and the Senate then can have an invest-
igation that will exonerate the body, and not
rest under this grave suspicion which is sug-
gested by the chairman of the committee, that
this treaty was given out by some Senator.
Does the Senate want to rest under that?
It does seem to me that this matter, after
having occupied three days, should result in
some good. It should either result in ascer-
taining the person who gave out the treaty,
that he may suffer such disgrace as the devel-
opment of the fact may produce or such other
discipline as the Senate may feel disposed to
administer, or it should result in abolishing
this rule and freeing us from association with
men who avail themselves of the relation
between them and the reporters to report our
secret proceedings as they please.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I rise  
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada yield to the Senator from
Neiv Jersey?
Mr. STKWABT. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I rise to ask my
friend from Nevada now, since he has alluded
to the fact that we have talked over this sub-
ject for three days, to withhold further debate.
It is a liberty that I take ; but as a friend I ask
him if he will not close his remarks and let
us have a vote?
