880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Mr. STEWART. For that purpose I will
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senate
ready for the question? The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumxer.]_
Mr. STEWART. I give way for the ques-
tion to be taken. If the Senate is not ready
to vote, I will go On.
Mr. CARPENTER and Mr. SUMNER. Let
us have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Chair be good
enough to state the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out ot the second resolution the follow-
ing words:
And said committee shall be continued during the
recess following the preseut session, and arc hereby
authorized to sit during said recess, with all the
powers conferred by the original resolution of the
tenaie under which said committee was appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from Ala-
bama [Mr. Spencer] desired me to slate he
was paired with the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Rice.] Mr. Spencer, if here, would
have voted ''no," and Mr. Rice "ay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 20, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cragin, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Uainilton of Texas,
Harlan, lielly, Morton, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, Wil-
son, and Windom—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos, Anthony. Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Conklmg, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Perry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin. Howe, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, itam-
sey, Bavvver, Scott, Stewart, West. and Wright—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron. Casserly,
Corbett, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcook,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Sherman, Spencer,
Stevenson, and Stockton—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. W1NDO M. I offer the following amend-
ment, to cotne in at the endof the resolutions:
And that said committee shall be required to
remain in continuous daily session in the city of
Washington until said witness shall come beforo
thom ami purge himself ot said contempt.
Mr. President, a single word in explanation
of the amendment. The Senate was informed
by the honorable chairman of this committee
that if these resolutions were passed the wit-
ness would have the keys of his imprisonment
in his own pocket and could come out any
time he chose. Certainly it seems to me that
if this committee is to separate as soon as the
Semite adjourns these keys will not be very
conveniently at hand. If wc are going to
appoint, as we already have, as I understand
it in plain English, appointed this committee
of five honorable Senators to act as jailors for
this witness during the recess of the Senate,
those jailors should be on hand so that at any
moment the witness desires to purge himself
of this contempt he may be able to do so. I
believe that the Senate has not the power to
imprison the witness a single hour after ho is
ready to purge himself of that contempt, and
I see no other way in which we can avoid this
difficulty but to keep the committee in contin-
uous session.
Now, sir, I do not desire to prolong this
debate, for I am very anxious, indeed, that
the little, unimportant matter that we have
come here for should be considered. When
1 received the information, fifteen hundred
miles from here, that the President had im-
portant business which he desired to present
at an extraordinary session of the Senate, I
did not imagine that that business would detain
us at least a full week in discussing the ques-
tion of our own dignity and our own courage.
I believe, sir, that true courage and true dig-
nity consist in doing our duly and doing it
fearlessly. I have no questions to raise as to
the courage of the gentlemen who were on
either side of this question; but for one I
believe, although I do not claim to be very
competent to judge on that subject, that the
dignity of the Senate would be far better con-
served if these witnesses were turned over to
the law which we have provided for the pun-
ishment of this kind, rather than that the Sen-
ate should remain longer in session discussing
its own dignity and its own courage. I hope
my amendment will prevail.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make one sug-
gestion simply on this amendment. As the
resolution now stands it is equivalent to the
confinement of these men until next winter.
It provides that the committee shall be con-
tinued, but it does not provide that they shall
remain here. The Senator from Wisconsin,
the chairman of it, lives a thousand or twelve
hundred miles awav.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the Senator
permit me to interrupt him a minute? I do
not know that there is anything in this resolu-
tion that says they shall remain in prison. I
have not noticed anything in the resolution
which says they shall remain in prison or in
confinement of any kind.
Mr. MORTON. I will state what it does
say. It says that 
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator will par-
don me a moment 
Mr. MORTON. I would like to read the
resolution. I said that in effect it so provided,
and so 1 say still. It provides that they can only
be discharged from imprisonment by coming
before the committee and testifying; but if the
committee is not here how can they get before
it? There is nobody authorized to call the
committee together but the chairman himself,
and it leaves the liberty of these men until next
winter in the hands of the chairman of that com-
mittee, and if he should issue a call for the com-
mittee to meet here and it was not convenient,
if one of them was in California or another had
gone to Europe, or it turned out that you could
not get a majority of the committee here, they
cannot come before the committee as such and
testify, and they must remain here until the Sen-
ate discharges them. That is the legal effect
of it; there cannot be any disguise about it.
Mr. LOGAN. That can all be dispensed
with by their testifying now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Wisdom.]
Mr. MORTON and x\Ir. SUMNER called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cragin.
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton
ot Texas, Hill, Morton, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Viekers, West, Wilson,
and Windom—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman. Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Conklmg, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Perry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuyson, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson,Pratt,
Ramsoy, Sawyer, Seott, Stewart, Trumbull, and
Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs, Brownlow, Cameron, Corbett,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, Johnston. Kel-
logg, Kelly, Lewi^, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pome-
roy, Pool, Kiee, Ilobertson, Sherman, Spencer, Ste-
venson, and Stockton—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the resolution
may be read,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will rejjprt the resolution.
Mr. CARPENTER. There are two verbal
amendments I desire to have made in the re-
citals. Where it is recited that the Senate
gave leave to answer, the words " iu writing"
are used. Those words should be stricken
out. And then " the Territory of Columbia "
should be "the District of Columbia." I
supposed the late act changed the title of the
District, but I am informed by the Senator
from Ohio that it did not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to these modifications? The Chair hears
none. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] demands the reading of the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care about the
preamble, but only that part which relates to
the imprisonment.
Mr. CARPENTER. There are two reso-
lutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it resolved. That the said Z. L. White he com-
mitted to the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, to
be kept by him in close custody until he shall sig-
nify his willingnessrto answer the questions pro-
pounded to him by the Senate, and appear before
said committee and answer such proper questions
as may ba propounded to hiin by said committee :
and for the commitment and detention of the said
Z. L. White this resolution shall be a sufficient,
warrant.
Resolved. That whenever the officer having said
Z. L. White in custody shall be informed by said
White that lie is ready and willing to answer as
aforesaid, it shall be the duty of said officer to bring
him before said committee; and if he shall duly
answer all proper questions put to him by the said
committee, said committee shall cause him to bo
discharged from custody; and said committee shall
be continued during the recess following the present
session, and are hereby authorized to sitduringsaid
recess, with all the powers conferred by the original
resolution of the Senate under which said commit-
tee was appointed.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to add at the end
of the first resolution this proviso:
Provided, Such imprisonment shall not continue
longer than twenty days from this date.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 32 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cragin, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Hill, Kelly, Morton. Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Viekers, Wil-
son, and Windom—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Conklmg, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Howe, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull,
AVest, and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony,Brownlow, Cameron,
Corbett, Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pome-
roy, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Sherman, Spencer, and
Stevenson—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I offer this proviso, to
come in at the end of tie second resolution :
Provided. That if at any time said committee shall
fail to hold a session at Washington city for the space
of one week and to give notice thereof to said White,
it shall be the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms to dis-
charge him from custody.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on this amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FENTON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Do not letus vote under
a misapprehension. This amendment provides
that the committee shall meet once a week,
however futile and absurd it may be; not that
they shall meet as they would, of course, when
notice is given, but simply that the committee
shall be punished by meeting for nothing once
a week.
Mr. MORTON. One word. As the reso-
lution now stands it provides that these gentle-
men may be committed to prison and be held
there until next winter, because the committee
do not meet at all during the vacation. There
is no obligation upon them to meet.
Mr. CONKLING-. I will not say that the
Senator from Indiana makes that assertion a
second time iu the face of reason or common
sense, because it might not be courteous to
him to say that. I do say, however, that he
makes it without anything in fact or in reason,
in my judgment, upon which to found it. He
stated at last all that the facts would bear of
statement when he said that there was com-
mitted to the chairman of the committee the
discretion of calling the committee together.
So much he might be warranted in saying;
