1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
$2,000, andby imprisonmentnotexceeding two years,
cither or both, nt, the discretion of the court in which
the conviction shall take place.
Mr. BCJTLEH, of Massachusetts. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the bill he printed.
Mr. FARNSWOSTH. I object.
Mr. GARE 1ELD, of Ohio. Has not the gen-
tleman a right to move that the bill be printed?
The SPEAKER. The printing of bills can
only be ordered by unanimous consent during
the morning hour on Monday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will let the bill be printed. Let us see
what it is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will be printed in
the Globe now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, well, let us
have it in printed form also.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood the Speaker to put the question on the
reference and printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair put the ques-
tion in the usual form ; but the gentleman from
Illinois objected to the printing.
Mr. COX. Will it not be printed in the
Globe from this reading?
The SPEAKER. The Globe reporters in-
form the Chair that it will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
go in the Globe; but let us have it printed for
convenience sake. This is a little exhibition
of spite, that is all.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule, so that there will be no misunderstanding
in regard to it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"On every Monday it is made the duty of the
Speaker to call the States and Territories, first for
bills on leave for reference only, and without de-
bate, and not to be brought back-by motions to
reconsider, at which time joint resolutions of State
and territorial Legislatures may be introduced for
reference and printing.''
The SPEAKER. The rule says that the
introduction of bills shall be for reference
only. A distinction is made between grant-
ing the right to print joint resolutions of Legis-
latures and bills; but, as members are well
aware, it is the usual practice to allow mem-
bers to have bills printed, and the Chair is in
the habit of putting the question by unani-
mous consent. The Chair again asks, "Is there
objection to ordering this bill to be printed?"
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I will withdraw the
objection.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All right.
MASSACHUSETTS HEAVY ARTILLERY.
Mr. BliOOKS, of Massachusetts, introduced
ajoint resolution (H. K. No. 33) for the relief
offirst battalion heavy artillery of Massachu-
setts volunteers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
NEW YORK INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.
Mr. KETCH AM introduced ajoint resolu-
tion (H. II. No. 34) to admit, i'ree of duty
articles purchased for the use of the Industrial
Exhibition Company of the city of New York ;
which was read a tirst and second time, and
referred to the Couumtteeof Ways and Means.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT ALBANY, NEW YORK.
Mr. PERRY, of New York, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. I89J) to provide for a building
for the use of the post office, custom-house,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices at Albany, New York ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee oil Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
ABOLITION OK FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. POTTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
190) to abolish the franking privilege and pro-
vide for the transmission of official documents
and other public matter ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PO ITER. In case I should not have
an opportunity during this session to makeany
remarks upon this bill, I ask leave to have
some remarks upon it printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent for that purpose during the
morning hour of Monday.
COMPULSORY PILOTAGE.
Mr. HAZLETON, of New Jersey, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 191) to abolish com-
pulsory pilotage; which was read a first and
second time, and referted to the Committee on
Commerce.
MAIL STEAMSHIP LINE.
Mr. ITTLL introduced ajoint resolution (H.
R. No. 35) declaratory and amendatory of the
actentitled "An act to provide for an American
line of mail and emigrant passenger steamships
between New York and one or more Euro-
pean ports," passed July 27, 1868; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. MEPwCUR introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 192) to amend an act entitled " An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States;" which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and to be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
EVIDENCE IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. MERCUR also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 193) to provide for the admission of
certain evidence in the several courts of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and to be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DRAWING AND SUMMONING 01? JURORS.
Mr. MERCUR also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 19-1) to regulate the drawing and summon-
ing of jurors in the district and circuit courts
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
to be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
PROTECTION or EMIGRANTS.
Sir. STORM presented ajoint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Pennsylvania,
requesting their Senators and Representatives
in Congress to vote for additional legislation
protecting emigrants in this country; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. That ought to be printed
in the Globe.
Mr. STORM. I make that request.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The joint resolution is as follows:
Joint resolution requesting our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress to vote for additional
legislation protecting emigrants in this country.
Whereas the people of the United States have
invited and will cordially welcome the people of
other lands to come among them and join in the
exercise of all tbo rights and privileges of American
citizenship: and whereas justice, patriotism, and
philanthropy demand the interposition of enlight-
ened public sentiment and law for the protection of
the rights and interests of all those who seek homes
within our borders; and whereas immigration is
eminently a question of national concern, upon the
proper protection, care, and culture of which largely
depend our future progress and prosperity and the
fullest development of our national resources:
Therefore,
Be it refohed, That additional legislation and a
more rigid enforcement of existing laws on the sub-
j eet of immigration are necessary to prevent abuses
and frauds and protect the true interests of the
immigrant while in transit to his destination, and
to this end appropriate legislation is demanded of
the Federal G-overnment.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to transmit copies of the foregoing pre-
amble and resolution to the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of Pennsylvania in Congress, and that
they be requested to aid in the enactment of suoli
laws as will secure to the immigrant that protection
while in transit which the Government provides for
its own citizens.
„ , JAMES H. WEBB,
speaker of the House of liepresentatives.
AVILLIAM A. WALLACE,
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved the 15th day of March. A. D. 1871.
JOHN W. GEARY.
ROBERT BIUGUA5I.
Mr. GRIFFITH introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 195) for the relief of Robert Brigham,
late postmaster at_ Franklin, Pennsylvania ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
GEORGE OGLING.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 19G) for the relief of George Ogline;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
GOVERNMENT BUILDING AT LYNCHBURG.
Mr. DUKE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
197) making an appropriation for a Govern-
ment building to be used as a post office, court-
house, and bonded warehouse at Lynchburg,
Virginia; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. DUKE. I ask that the bill may be
printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the printing.
CHIVES AND OSBORN.
Mr. PLATT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
198) for the relief of Chives & Osborn; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
It. RAGLAN.
Mr. PLATT also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 199) for the relief of R. Raglan; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
PAYMENT OP CLAIMS.
Mr. CRITCHER introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 36) to repeal an act approved
March 2, 1807, prohibiting payment by any
officer of the Government to any person not
known to have been opposed to the rebellion
and in favor of its suppression; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. CRITCIIER also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 200) for the removal of the disabilities
of certain citizens of Virginia ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
TAX ON MANUFACTURED TOBACCO.
Mr. PORTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
201) to fix the tax on manufactured tobacco
of all kinds at sixteen cents per pound ; which
was read a first and second time, ar.d referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
SUPERVISOR OF INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. PORTER also introduced a hill (H. R.
No. 202) to abolish the office of supervisor of
internal revenue so far as the State of Virginia
is affected thereby; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. STOWELL introduced a bill (EL R.
No. 203) to amend the aet entitled ''An ac-t
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughoutthe United States;" which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
JOSHUA HUMPHREYS.
Mr. BRAXTON introduced a bill (H.'R.
No. 204) to relieve t.he legal and political dis-
abilities of Joshua Humphreys, of Fredericks-
burg, Virginia; which was read a first and
