882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Wisconsin. Does the Senator from Ohio de-
sire the whole resolution to be read ?
Mr. THURMAN. The resolution without
the recitals, and let us see whether it is sense
without them.
The resolutions were read.
Mr. THCJRMAN. Now, the Senator from
Indiana is entirely right. Instead of the res-
olution reading " until he has answered the
questions which the Senate has decided are
proper questions," it puts it wholly in the dis-
cretion of the committee to determine whether
the questions that it asks are proper questions
or not; and although the Senate when the mat-
ter should come before the Senate, might be of
a wholly different opinion, this man must re-
main in custody until next December. I say
the Senator from Wisconsin ought to modify
his resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. That objection, the Sen-
ator will see, does not arise at all upon the
pending proviso, but, as I said before, the
objection resides, if at all, in the resolution
itself.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what I am saying.
Mr. CONKLING. And thereforethe pend-
ing proviso has nothing to do with it.
Mr. THURMAN. I say it does reside in
the original resolution, and that, is the reason
I asked to have it read. And I want to call
the attention of the Senate to it now. Of
course if the resolution were corrected in that
respect the Senator from Pennsylvania would
correct his proviso.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered on the substitute of
the Senator from Pennsylvania for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to make one
suggestion in reference to this matter. I think
the language of the proviso would imply that
the witness should be kept in custody until
notice is brought home to the chairman of the
committee. The language of it is that he shall
not be discharged until ten days after notice
shall have been given. The Sergeant-at-Arms
in the first place, having the party in custody,
has the means within himself of withholding
information from the chairman of tho com-
mittee. That is the first objection I make to
tho proviso. The second is that the inform-
ation is to be communicated to the chairman
of the committee, and if the chairman should
be in Europe or in California or in any other
section of the world the Sergeant-at-Arms
would have no right to discharge the party
from custody until he should be satisfied that
the information had been carried home to tho
chairman of the committee. I therefore hope
that the proviso of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will not be in its present form adopted
I much prefer the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that instead of saying "the
chairman of the committee" he say "any
member of the committee."
Mr. CONKLING. Say " all the members
of the committee."
Mr. THURMAN. No, not all, because
that would be liable to the same objection sug
gested by the Senator from Delaware, which
strikes me with great force.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection to any
modification that will carry out the practical
purpose, and therefore I will put my amendment
in this shape: " to the chairman of tho com
mittee," or, if it be impossible to reach him,
"any other member of the committee."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will reduce the proposition to writing and
report it to the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I thought
in the beginning, when I heard tho amend-
mentof theSenator from Pennsylvania directly
in front of me read, that the notice to begiven
by the witnesses in custody should be to thei
custodian; thatis, the Sergeant-at-Arms. He
is the officer of the Senate. He holds them
for any period, short or long, for which he
shall hold them, as the officer of the Senate.
I do not think that persons in custody should
be charged with any duty to give notice to
anybody except the officer who holds them in
custody.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the proposition,
simply that they shall give notice to him and
he gives the notice to the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. They ought not to be
chargeable with any laches of the officer who
has them in keeping. When they have notified
him of their readiness the time ought to begin
to run; and the objection seems to me unan-
swerable that otherwise persons in custody
may be compelled to give notice to a member
of the committee who may not be, to use the
old expression, "within the four seas," or
may not be within either ocean that washes the
United States. I trust my friend, the Senator
from Pennsylvania, will agree to that. It seems
to me a very manifest view. Otherwise I shall
certainly be compelled to vote against his propo-
sition. It will be sufficient if they notify the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
As I am on my feet I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana how far he considers or in
what way he considers his statement justified
that during the recess these witnesses may be
committed to jail. All I know on that point
is, that awhile ago I aided to vote down that
distinct proposition.
Mr. MORTON. I did not say "to the jail."
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Sen-
ator so.
Mr. MORTON. I said "prison." I suppose
they could be imprisoned by the Sergeant-at-
Arms.
Mr. CONKLING. "Custody," he meant.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that is a very
different thing.
Mr. MORTON. The *esolution says, "in
close custody." I suppose that is a very defi-
nite phrase.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think any of us might
go into the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms
without coming under any indignity; but that
is a very different thing from going to prison
or jail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the substitute as again modi-
fied.
Mr. SCOTT. So many suggestions have
been made that in the effort to meet them all,
if the Senate will consent, I will substitute this
■ for my other proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. You have a right to
modify your own amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania withdraws his substitute and
offers another in lieu of it.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer the following:
Provided, That if said committee shall foil to as-
semble within ten days after said witness shall otify
tho Sorgeant-at-Arms of his willingness to answer,
the questions he has heretofore refused to answer,
and such other proper questions as shall be pro-
pounded to liim, then he shall be discharged.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
now on the substitute as modified by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania as an amendment to
the proposition of the Senator from Ohio.
The yeas and nays were called upon it before
it was modified. Are the yeas and nays still
insisted upon ?
Mr. FENTON. I do not ask for the yeas
and nays on this substitute to the proviso of
the Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, then,
will first take the sense of the Senate by the
sound. Any Senator can call for the yeas and
nays afterward. The question is on the sub-
stitute of the Senator from Pennsylvania for
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio as modified by the adoption of this sub-
stitute.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, if he will give me
his attention, that now to prevent all possible
doubt about this these words be added:
And it shall be the duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms
forthwith, upon receiving information from the said
White of his willingness, to inform every member of
the same.
I was about reducing it to writing 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will reduce it to writing. That should be cer-
tainly done in a case like this.
Mr. CONKLING. I am informed that the
second resolution covers it.
Mr. HOWE. It was intended to cover it.
It requires the Sergeant-at-Arms to bring the
parties before the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will withhold it
for a moment and amend the second resolu-
tion, if at .all, which I presume will not be
necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
desires to propose his amendment to the other
resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I will withhold it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Ohio has all been stricken
out and the substitute of the Senator from
Pennsylvania adopted as an amendment to an
amendment. The question now recurs upon
it as an amendment to the original resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I ask that tho
original resolution offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the original resolution ; with the
recitals, or without?
Mr. THURMAN. Without the recitals.
The first resolution.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Be it resolved. That the said Z. L. White be com-
mitted to the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, to be
kept by him in close custody untif he shall signify
his willingness to answer the questions propounded
to him by the Senate, and appear before said com-
mittee and answer such proper questions as may be
propounded to him by said committee ; and for the
commitment and detention of the said Z. L. White
this resolution shall be a sufficient warrant.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Secretary to
send me both the resolutions. I wish to move
an amendment.
The Chief Clerk sent the resolutions to Mr.
Thurman.
Mr. THURMAN. It is the second resolu-
tion which I wish to amend.
The first resolution reads in these words:
That the said Z. L. White be committed to the
custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, to be kept by him
in close custody until heshall signify his willingness
to answer the questions propounded to him by the
Senate, and appear before said committee and
answer such proper questions as may be propounded
to him by said committee: and for the commitment
and detention of the said Z.L.White this resolution
shall be a sufficient warrant.
The second resolution is:
Resolved, That whenever the officer having said
Z. L. White in custody shall be informed by said
White that he is ready and willing to answer as
aforesaid, it shall be the duty of such officer to bring
him before said committee; and if he shall duly
answer all proper questions put to him by the said
committee, said committee shall cause him to be dis-
charged from custody.
That raises exactly the objection stated by
me. I ask my friend to limit that to questions
which the Senate has decided to be proper, so
as to read, "if he shall answer the ques-
tions reported by the committee to the Sen-
ate, and which the Senate have directed him
to answer."
Mr. CONKLING. And refuse to answer any
other questions?.
Mr. THURMAN. The confinement is not
to continue one minute after he has answered
the questions which the Senate has decided to
be proper. I move to strike out the words,
"all proper questions put to him by the said
committee," and in lieu thereof to insert
"shall duly answer the questions which the
said committee have reported to the Senate,
and which the Senate have decided he shall
answer." I can put it in writing.
