1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
■which the bill of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has been referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow the title to be changed so as to say
that " this is sarcastical? " [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
officers of the army.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 229) relating to certain officers of
the Army; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
jurisdiction" of light-house board.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 230) to extend the jurisdiction
of the Light-House Board; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
pensions.
Mr. MORGAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
231) to amend an act relating to pensions,
approved July 27, 1808; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
public buildings at covington, kentucky.
Mr. ARTHUR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
232) relating to United States court-rooms,
post office, &c., in the city of Covington,
Kentucky; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
port op entry at covington, kentucky.
Mr. ARTHUR also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 233) to establish a port of entry and
delivery at the city of Covington, Kentucky,
in the sixth congressional district ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
tax on illuminating gas.
Mr. ARTHUR also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 234) for the repeal of the tax onillum-
inating gas ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BECK introduced a bill (H.R. No. 235)
to remove all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT introduced a bill (H.R. No.
236) for the removal of the political disabili-
ties of Daniel B. Holman, William P. Holman,
and others, citizens of the fourth congressional
district of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
joseph powell.
Mr. GARRETT introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 39) providing for the payment
to Joseph Powell of a sum of money sufficient
to defray the expenses of contest for a seat
in the House of Representatives; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Elections.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. WHITTHORNE introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 237) to relieve certain citizens of Ten-
nessee from political disabilities; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. VAUGHAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 238) to remove legal and political disabil-
ities from certain citizens of the State of Ten-
nessee ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
vincennes university, indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
239) authorizing the award to the Vincennes
University of certain vacant and abandoned
42d Coisg. 1st Sess.—No. 12.
lands in Knox county, Indiana; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
equalizing bounties.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
240)toequalizebountiesof soldiers who served
in the late war for the Union ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill may be
printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
deserters.
Mr. TYNER introduced a bill_(H. R. No.
241) to relieve all persons engaged in the volun-
teer military service of the united States at the
close of the war of the rebellion from the dis-
ability of desertion on account of absenting
themselves afterward from their respective regi-
ments and companies without leave; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
kansas indians.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
242) to provide for the removal of the Kansas
tribe of Indians to the Indian territory, and to
dispose of their lands in Kansas to actual set-
tlers only ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
apportionment of representatives.
Mr. COOKintroduceda bill (H. R. No. 243)
for the apportionment of Representatives to
Congress among the several States according
to the ninth census ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
corporations in the districtos columbia.
Mr. COOK also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
244) to amend an act entitled "An act for
the creation of corporations in the District of
Columbia by general law;" which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
government building at quincy, illinois.
Mr. HAWLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
245) to provide for the erection of a building
suitable for use as a post office, custom-house,
and other Government purposes at Quincy,
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred-to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
•james m. true.
Mr. MOORE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
246) for the relief of James M. True, late col-
onel of the sixty-second Illinois infantry; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and, with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee of Claims.
national asylum for disabled volunteers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 247) to prevent the fraudulent use of
moneys drawn from the United States Treasury
for the benefit of the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers; which was read a
first and' second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
increase of pensions.
Mr. HAY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 248)
increasing the pensions of certain disabled sol-
diers and sailors; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
wool, coal, salt, and lumber.
Mr. HAY also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
249) to reduce the duties on imported wool,
and to repeal all provisions of law authorizing
the collection of duties upon imported coal,
salt, and all kinds of lumber; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
equalizing bounties.
Mr. CREBS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
250) to equalize bounties to soldiers of the late
war; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs,
Mr. CREBS. I ask that the bill may be
printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. CREBS. I then ask that the bill may
be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state to
the gentleman that the call which is now going
on is by sufferance and indulgence. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who
is upon the floor on a motion to go to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, waived his motion
in order that the call of States might be con-
cluded.
Mr. CREBS. It is a very short bill, only
one section. I desire to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no objec-
tion whatever.
The bill, which was read, provides that any
non-commissioned officer or private in the
military, naval, or marine service of the Uni-
ted States, in the late war for the suppression
of the rebellion, who served one month or more
and has been honorably discharged, shall be
entitled to a bounty of $8 33-J per month, to
be paid to him out of any'moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, on proof being
made to the satisfaction of the Second Auditor
of the Treasury that service has been per-
formed ; and where bounty has heretofore
been paid such soldier, sailor, or marine such
sum so paid shall be deducted from the bounty
hereby granted to him, her, or them; it being
the true intent or meaning of this act to equal-
ize money bounties to all soldiers, sailors, or
marines who served during the late war, at the
rale of $8 03J per month for their whole term
of service, and no more.
william a. iiugiies.
Mr. CREBS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 251) for the relief of Willam A. Hughes,
of Pulaski county, Illinois; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
public building at jefferson city.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 252) making an appropriation for a Gov-
ernment building at Jefferson City, Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. McCORMICK. of Missouri, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 253) to relieve from political
disability John M. Woodside and Manning
M. Kimmel, of Missouri; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
public building at st. joseph.
Mr. PARKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
254) to provide for a building for the use of the
post office and internal revenue offices at St.
Joseph, Missouri; which was read a first and.
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
land-grant railroad in michigan.
Mr. CONGER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
255) confirming to the Port Huron and Lake
Michigan Railroad Company the lands hereto-
fore granted to the State of Michigan to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Grand
Haven to Flint and thence to Port Huron,
and providing for the manner of issuing pat-
ents therefor, and for other purposes; which,
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
galilean fishermen.
Mr. CONGER also introduced a bill (H. R,.
No. 256) to incorporate the Grand Taber-
