1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
March 2, 1867; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
ptjbmo buildings at boise city.
Mr. MERRITT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 280) to provide for the erection of
public buildings at Bois6 City, in the Terri-
tory of Idaho, for the use of the Legislative
Assembly of said Territory, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and sccond
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Territories.
idaho penitentiary.
Mr. MERRITT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 281) to provide for the completion of
the Idaho penitentiary ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Territories.
Mi. DAWES. I move that the House pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table.
condition of mississippi.
Mr. MOKPHIS. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. How long does the gen-
tleman want?
Mr, MORPHIS. Only two or three min-
utes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. MOUPHIS. I send to the Clerk's desk
and ask to have read a paragraph from the
Patriot of this city.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Suppressing Information in Regard to Southern
Affairs.-— Mississippi is one of the States whieh arc
cbargcd with being under the power and control of
the Ku Klux, and wtrich need further reconstruc-
tion. Whf n a dispatch was announced in the House
the other day with the result of the New Hampshire
election. General BuTLEtt stated. with a flourish, that
he also had a telegram from Mississippi, giving nn
account of murders perpetrated the night before by
tbcKu Klux. It is very questionable whether he bad
any such dispatch, for five days have elapsed and
the newspapers make no mention of the alleged
murders by telegraph or otherwise. It was doubtless
a pure invention. But there was a telegram, received
here on Saturday which the Radicals do not care to
publish. It was from Governor Alcorn, and was sent
to the Mississippi delegation, all of whom are lladi-
cals. Governor Alcorn says he lias taken measures
to have the perpetrators of the Madison outrage
punished, and that, with that exception, and some
disorder at a very lew points on the border, there is
no disturbance whatever in tlio State. He adds that
he does not need t he interference of Federal power
to preserve the peace."
Mr. MORPHIS. I received t.lie dispatch
referred to on Saturday. As there was no
session of the House thatday 1 could not make
it public. I noticed in the Patriot of this morn-
ing an article saying that we were trying to
suppress the dispatch. I hope the editor did
notintentionally dons injustice, as I showed the
dispatch to several gentlemen around me here
on Saturday, and had no disposition to sup-
press it, but intended on the first opportunity
to make it public. One of my colleagues is
out of town. I showed it to the others yester-
day, and proposed when the House met to have
the dispatch from the Governor read. I now
ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Executive Ofeice,
Jackson. Mississippi, March 17,1871.
Hons. A. Amks, United States Senate, GrEORGTC E.
Harris, J. L. Mobphis, and L. W. Perce, Rouse
of Jtepreieniafives, Washington:
Iommformed that dispatches have been forwarded
to Washington derogating from the power of this
government to enforce the law. 1 desire to correct
that misrepresentation, and to state that it finds no
justification in faet. A riot occurred recently at Me-
ridian, but was promptly suppressed. The parties
are now undergoing legal investigation. Some minor
outrages have been committed on other points of
the Alahnma border in the night by parties in dis-
guise. My only difficulty in these cases is to dis-
cover the wrong-doers, but that overcome, as I con-
fidently hope it will be, this government is abun-
dantly powerful to make them fear the consequences
of their crimes. Save in those eases, Mississippi pre-
sents an unbroken evidence of civil obedience and
order. J. L. ALCOKN",
Governor.
Mr. KERR. I desire to aslc the gentleman
from Mississippi a question before he takes his
seat. I desire to inquire whether the Senator
from Mississippi, General Ames, during all of
Saturday, did not have in his hands in the
Senate Chamber a copy of that telegram ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot regard
the calling attention to anything in the conduct
of a Senator as within the rules of propriety
between the two Houses.
Mr. PERCE. I understand that he did not.
Mr. KERR. I understand the fact to be so,
at any rate.
The SPEAKER. Itis contrary to the court-
esy between the two Houses to refer to the con-
duct of a Senator.
Mr. DAWES. I now insist on my motion
to go to business on the Speaker's table.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. DAWBS. I will, if there is not objec-
tion in any other part of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to have unani-
mous consent from the House to bring in a bill
and have it passed t,o remove the political dis-
abilities from a single person in the Slate of
Tennessee. I will remark that he was elected
last summer as chancellor of the State, but
being under disabilities he has declined to enter
upon the duties of his office until Congress
could interpose to remove his disabilities. I
have here a short petition of his, and some
statements of other citizens which 1 shall ask
to append to my remarks. I am satisfied that
this ease falls within the rule that many of us
have established for Lhe removal of political
disabilities.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee how he voted the other
day on the proposition for general amnesty?
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 voted against that bill,
because 1 think we ought to discriminate.
Mr. WOOD. I do not object to this bill.
I only call the attention of the House to the
fact that the gentleman desires to peddle out
amnesty in his own interest, and will not vote
to grant it to sail.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will remark that this
gentleman does not live in my district; I do
not know him personally; and if I am cor-
rectly informed he is in political sympathy and
affiliation with gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why is not the gentle-
man in favor of removing the disabilities of
others who are strangers to him? Why not
give the same amnesty to those in other States
whom he does not know?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will vote for all who
come as this gentleman does.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to offer an amendment?
Mr. MAYNARD. No; I cannot yield for
any amendment to include other persons.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For the purpose of
settling the matter, I object to the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask to have the bill
read, and then that the bill, with the accom-
panying petition and papers, be referred.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I do not think it
worth while to read this bill now.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let it be read. I am in
favor of giving amnesty to everybody.
The bill was read. It provides that (two
thirds of the House voting therefor) all legal
and political disabilities arising under the third
section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States
shall be removed from William W. Ward, a
citizen of Smith county, Tennessee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswohth] to withdraw his
objection to this bill and allow it to pass now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to these
individual cases of amnesty, cumbering our
statute-books with a thousand different eases.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to debate.
order of business.
TheSPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that the House now
proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
monument to professor morse.
The first, business on the Speaker's table
was a resolution of the Senate requesting the
return to that body of the House joint resolu-
tion No. 31, granting the right to erect a mon-
ument to Professor Morse on a Government
reservation.
No objection being made, the request of the
Senate was granted.
order 01? business.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to say that 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to debate.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to withdraw my
objection 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
The SPEAKER. When a gentleman asks
unanimous conseTit, and another gentleman
objects, that should be the end of the matter.
preliminary census report.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a concurrent resolution of the Senate, pro-
viding for the printing of one hundred and
sixty thousand additional copies of the prelim-
inary report of the United States census for
1870, fifty thousand for the use of the Senate,
one hundred thousand for the use of the House,
and ten thousand copies for distribution under
the direction of the Census Bureau.
The SPEAKER. This resolution will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing when appointed.
Mr. DAWES. Let it pass now.
The SPEAKER. The law positively requires
that such propositions as this shall be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAWES. Then I move to amend so
as to make this a joint resolution instead of a
concurrent resolution.
The SPEAKER. That would not change
the law.
Mr. DAWES. It would so change the law,
pro tanto, as to make it legal to act upon it
without reference.
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House
declares that a concurrent resolution shall not
be so amended as to make it a joint resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Can there be
a rule prohibiting the House from passing a
particular law ?
The SPEAKER. There can be a law pre-
venting the House from doing a certain thing.
The House can suspend a rule of its own, or,
with the concurrence of the Senate, it can sus-
pend any joint rule. But the law requires
that all resolutions of this character shall be
referred to the Committee on Printing before
being acted upon by the House.
Mr. DAWES. I move so to suspend the
rules as to make this a joint resolution, so
that we can pass it now.
The SPEAKER. That would require con-
currence on part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. Exactly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the quickest way to accomplish the object
would be to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. DAWES. The only objection is that
there is no such committee.
The SPEAKER. The law is so framed that
there can be no possible evasion of it. It
requires imperatively that all propositions for
printing extra copies of any document beyond
fifteen hundred and fifty must have the con-
sideration of the joint Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware of fhat; and if
