180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
there is to be appointed at this session a Com-
mittee on Printing ■
The SPEAKER. There will be a Committee
on Printing appointed in season to report back
this resolution for action at this session.
Mr. DAWES. Then I have no objection.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
condition of southern states.
The next business on the Speaker's table
■was the following eoncnrrent resolution, passed
by the Senate March 17, 1871:
JResolvdby the Senate of the United Slates, (the House
of Representatives concurring.) That a joint com-
mittee consisting of seven Senators and nine liepre-
sentatives be appointed, whose duty it shall be to
inquire into the conditioa of the latcinsurrectionary
States so far as regards the execution of the laws
and the safety of the lives and property of citizens
of the United States, with leave to report at any
time the result of their investigation to the two
Houses of Congress with such recommendations as
they may deem expedient; that said committee be
authorized to employ clerks and stenographers, to
sit during the recess, to send for persons and papers,
to take testimony, and to visit at their discretion,
through sub-committees, any portions of the said
States during the recess of Congress, and to print
and make public from time to time during the recess
the results of their investigations; and the expenses
of said committee shall be paid out of the contingent
funds of the two Houses of Congress,
Mr. DAWES. I offer as an amendment what
I send to tlie Chair, and call the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution and amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded. I thin Ic the consid-
eration of this subject ought to be postponed
a day or two.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the resolving clause, and insert
the following:
Thatajointeoinmittee consisting of seven Senators
and fourteen Representatives be appointed, whose
duty it shall bo to inquire into the condition of
the late insurrectionary States so far as regards the
execution ot the laws and the safetv of the lives
and property of the citizens of the United States,
with leave to report at any time during the next
or any subsequent session of Congress the result
of their investigation to either or both IIousqs of
Congress, with such recommendations as they may
deem expedient; that said committee bo authorized
to employ clerksaMdsteaographers, tositduring the
recess, and to send for persons and papers, to admin-
ister oaths and take testimony, and to visit at their
discretion, through sub-committees, any portions
of said States during the recess of Congress; and
oil expenses ot' said committee shall be paid out ot
the contingent fund of the Semite, upon voueheis
approved by the chairman of said committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to allow his amend-
ment, together with the Senate resolution, to
be printed, and let the matter lie over for a
few days till we ascertain what the action of
the Senate may bo upon the resolution pend-
ing there.
Mr. DAWES. The difference between the
resolution and my amendment is so easily
understood that it is altogether unnecessary
(hat the propositions should be printed ; and
the only reason for allowing the matter to lie
over for several days must be to wait for fur-
ther uncertainty and confusion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentleman
to consider that the same body which has sent
us this resolution has pending before it a reso-
lution instructing its Judiciary Committee to
report additional legislation.
.Mr. PETERS. Which has nothing to do
with this matter at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, let us see whether
it has nothing to do with it. I want to debate
this resolution a little. The passage of a reso-
lution of this sort in the absence of legislation
is a declaration to the whole country that addi-
tional legislation is needed, but that you pro-
pose to postpone it until December.
A Member. Not at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I thought otherwise my-
self : but 1 find myself concluded by a major-
ity of the Republicans of this House and a
majority of the Senate. If the gentleman per-
sists now in his demand for the previous ques-
tion, I appeal to the Republicans of this House
to vote down the demand, so that we may de-
bate this question, and that the people of the
country may understand the issue which the
gentleman undertakes to make up here.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, my friend from
Ohio, in a tone which is hardly that of harm-
ony and conciliation, announces to me that I
am proposing to make up an issue for him,
when, in fact, a majority of two to one in this
House has adopted substantially the resolution
which I offered. That is all I have to say.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire of my col-
league [Mr. Dawes] why he has so drawn his
resolution as to exclude from the inquiry the
State of Kentucky, in which it is alleged dis-
turbances are so extensive as to have caused
the discontinuance of the mails.
Mr. DAWES. I will answer my colleague.
I follow the joint resolution as it came from
the other branch.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague yield to me for a word ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, for a word.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For how
long?
Mr. DAWES. I thought my colleague only
desired to ask a question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. More than
to ask a question, for I desire to say a word
on the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I did not suppose it was
necessary to open it for debate. I will yield
to my colleague if he desires to make an
inquiry.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. How long
does the gentleman think that an important
resolution ought to be debated ? Not at all, I
suppose. ,
Mr. DAWES. It is for the House to de-
termine.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We are
not allowed to determine it.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
Sir. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague yield to me?
Mr. DAWES. What for?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. For a
question.
Mr. DAWES. I yield to my colleague for
a question.
Mr. BUTLEIl, of Massachusetts. I wish to
ask a question. Is this the same resolution
which the Democratic caucus agreed to report
here on Friday, and which was to be handed
to Mr. Dawes to submit? I so saw it stated
in the D emocratic papers.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague seems to know
more about me than I know myself.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I saw it
in the papers.
Mr. DAWES. I am utterly unable to answer
my colleague about the Democratic caucus.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will
allow me, I think I can give a satisfactory
answer to his colleague.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague seems to know
all about these things.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
know what I see in the newspapers.
Mr. DAWES. So far as I am concerned, I
know nothing of what has been done by the
Democratic party in any caucus; nor, sir, has
anything been sub mitted to me from that source.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am glad
to hear it. I saw it in the newspapers.
Mr. DAWES. I see a great many things in
the newspapers which cannot be more accept-
able to my colleague. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will
allow me I desire to answer his colleague.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargbr.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
wish to make a suggestion to our friends on both
sides ot the House. It is plain we will be here
several days—the Senate will keep us here
several days—and we cannot better occupy our
time than in careful, temperate, full debate on
this most important question. I say to our
friends on the other side of the House that
there are lawyers there to whom I shall listen
with avidity and pleasure in discussing the
important and vast field of constitutional law
which is open to us by the constitutional amend-
ments recently adopted. We must explore it
carefully and thoroughly. Nothing is so use-
ful to us, as legislators, as just, fair, manly dis-
cussion of that unexplored field—unexplored,
I mean, by our legislation and by our courts.
Now, my suggestion is that we take this res-
olution, for example, for it opens the whole
field, and debate it, so that when we come to
vote upon it we shall vote upon it understand-
ingly. Let that day be soon or late, accord-
ing to the pleasure of the two sides of the
House. Then let us divide the time between
the two sides equally, so as to give to the Dem-
ocratic side as much time as to this side ; and
then let us take the vote at that time.
Another thing. It is alleged that the state
of the South is not such as many of us honestly
and painfully believe it to be. Now, here are
gentlemen from the South, Democrats and
Republicans. I think that a statement of the
condition of the South from both sides of the
House would be as useful in the way of inform-
ation as an investigating committee. Now,
ray proposition and suggestion is that we fix a
time during which we may debate this subject
or any other; it opens up the whole field; and
then take a vote on the resolution. It is better
than to be calling the yeas and nays. It will
be useful to the country. Let us do it. That
is my suggestion.
Mr. DAWES. I will now yield five minutes
to my colleague, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
want to say that I gave my colleague all he
asked
Mr. DAWES. All I expected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And full
as much as he wanted, I think, the other day.
Nov/, then, I desire to say that the reason why
this resolution should be debated is this: it
is charged upon us that there are no outrages
at the South, and therefore it is quite neces-
sary that we should have this committee to
clear the skirts of the southern people ; it is
quite necessary that we should have this com-
mittee in order to instruct the Republican
party and the loyal people of the country how
this matter stands. Upon that question I deem,
for one, that the public mind is sufficiently
instructed to know that there is legislation
necessary. But if it is not, we have got a report
from a committee of the Senate. We have
members here from every State in this Union
who can tell us how these things are, and here
upon this floor we can investigate the matter
better than we can elsewhere.
Now, let us see what will happen if we ap-
point this commin,ee and send it down South.
If the state of things exists that I believe exists
there no man can come before the committee
without fear of his life. If he should come
before the committee and tell the truth about
the Ku Klux outrages, the moment the com-
mittee was withdrawn that moment he would
be run out of the country, and if he testified
to anything it would be shown that he was a
vagabond because he had run away; whereas
the Democratic party could bring every Dem-
ocrat in the South before this committee, and
they can testify to their version of the story,
which the committee, a Republican committee
with a Republican majority, will be bound to
report us the state of things in the South.
They will be bound to report it, because they
cannot get anything else. They will pile up
before you and the country that evidence. I
thinkthe Democratic party did wisely, and they
are pretty wise, when they voted on Wednes-
day to establish this committee. And here
is a singular spectacle, that without debate,
except such as is prayed for in all the terms
of entreaty that can be put to my colleague to
get five minutes to say so much—without
debate, without examination, for it has not
been debated in either House, on a question
