886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Vice President to put to the witness again the
questions which were put to him by the com-
mittee and which he failed to answer before
the committee. The Chair observes that they
differ somewhat from the questions put to the
other witness.
Mr. CONKLINGr. My suggestion is, if the
Chair will pardon me, that these questions
were read in the Senate to-day and yesterday,
and that the witness heard them, and there-
fore knows what they are.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall save time by
letting the Chair go ahead.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the better way
is to follow the direction of the Senate and ask
the questions over again. The questions to
this witness are not the same as those that were
propounded to the other witness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
proceed to perform the duty impost d upon him
by the resolution of theSenate, which, in acase
of this importance and gravity, it is proper that
he should do. [To the witness.] The Chair
will proceed to propound to you the questions
which were put by the committee. The Chair
observes in the testimony that the first declin-
ation waa as to three questions bearing on
exactly the same point, and the Chair will
therefore read all those questions and answers
together:
"Question. Who had that printed copy from which
this manuscript was copied?
"Answer. I shall have to decline to answer that
question.
''Question. Doyou mean that you refuse to answer?
"Answer. I mean that, with due respect to the
committee, I shall have to decline to answer it.
"Question. Do you refuse to answer it?
"Answer. I suppose that is substantially the same
thing."
The Witness. I now decline to answer.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion you declined to answer was, "In whose
possession did you first see it?"
The Witness. I decline to answer that also.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion which you declined to answer was, "Who
was present in the ollice at that time? "
The Witness. I make the same answer now
that I did before the committee.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. This examina-
tion seems to have been more colloquial than
the other. The next matter as to which you
declined to answer is involved in three ques-
tions and answers, which need to be taken
together:
" Question, How many persons were in that officc,
to your knowledge), that night between ten and one
o'clock?
" Answer. I do not think it would be proper for me
to answer that question.
" Question. Do you mean that yourofusc to answer
it?
^ Answer. Yes, sir, I decline.
" Question. You do not decline on the ground that
you cannot answer it, but you win not answer it: is
that it?
"Answer. I dislike to say that I will not, because
it is not out of any disrespect to the committee; but
I do not think X have a right to answer it."
The Witness. I will say now that it is im-
possible ^for me to answer as to the number of
persons in the office that evening. There were,
perhaps, in the neighborhood of a hundred.
Ihe \ ICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion you declined to answer was, 41 Do you
know from whom that printed copy was
obtained V"
The Witness. That I decline to answer.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion which you declined to answer was, "Do
you know what was paid for it?"
The Witness, I also decline to answer that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Without refer-
ring to the previous question, the following
brief question was put to you, "In whose
possession?"—of course referring to the copy.
Ihe Witness. That I decline to answer.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion you declined to answer was—
uTJy Mr. Trumbull:
"Question. What kind of print was it? Was it a
folio print, or was it the ordinary Sonata print,
octavo form ?
"A?hwer. I decline to answer that."
The Witness. I am willing to answer that
it was in folio form of print.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. Another ques-
tion, put by the Senator from Illinois, was
prefaced by a remark incorporated into the
question, and the Chair must read the whole
of it.
u Question. We have the means of knowing when
the Senate print wasprinted, and that would determ-
ine, perhaps, whether it was possible that the copy
sent by telegraph was taken from that, and I asked
you the question as to the form of the print with a
view to determine that matter. I understand you
decline to answer whether the print which you saw
was in the form that Senate documents usually are
printed, on octavo sheets, or whether it was printed
on different sheets. Do you decline to answer that
question?
"Ansioer. Yes, sir; I do."
The Witness. I will amend that by saying
that it was in folio form, described to me by the
committee as not a Senate document.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was also
a question connected with the colloquial re-
marks which the Senator from Illinois and
the chairman both propounded before it was
answered:
"Mr. Trumbull, (to the witness.) X-frill say to you
what I said to a previous witness, that it may relieve
you of trouble to answer all questions so far as the
Senate is concerned. This is an investigation as to
whether copies of the treaty may have been obtained
from Senators or anybody else. If it turns out that
the copy you obtained was not the Senate copy,
other questions might arise; but so far as the Sen-
ate is concerned, I think you, gentlemen, will have
to answer whatever proper questions are propounded
to you. Theinquirywhich I have propounded is one
in reference to the print. You have already stated
that the copy you saw was in print. I have asked
you whether it was the usual form of Senate printed
documents.
"The Chairman, (to the witness.) And that ques-
tion you refuse to answer?
"The Witness. At present I should decline to
answer it."
The Chair understands the witness now to
answer it.
The Witness. That question I have an-
swered already.
The YICE PRESIDENT. After being
recalled, the chairman explained (which the
Chair will not read) the penalty for not answer-
ing, and the chairman then said to you:
" Having made this explanation, I now ask you,
as I did before, from whom the printed copy of what
purports to be the treaty of which you have spoken
was obtained?
" The Witness. That I shall decline to answer.
" Question. Do you still refuse to answer?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I refuse, if you so esteem it.
'Decline' is the word I used, however."
The Witness. I respectfully decline to
answer that.
* The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
now read all the questions which you decline
to answer before the committee. You can
now resume your seat.
[Mr. Ramsdell thereupon returned to the
seat provided for him.]
Mr. CARPENTER. Now I move in this
case the resolution which has been adopted in
the case of Mr. White.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the amend-
ments?
Mr. CARPENTER. The resolution just
as it was finally adopted, with the mere change
of name.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sen-
ator demand the reading of the resolution ?
["No!" "No!"] The question is on adopt-
ing the preamble and resolutions in the case
of Mr. Ramsdell, precisely in the same lan-
guage as in the case of Mr. White, merely
changing the name.
Mr. FENTON. This is a very grave and
important question, and I think we had better
have a record on it as we had in the other case.
I therefore ask for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of this preamble and these resolu-
tions.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Before the vote is
taken I will state that on this question also I
am paired with the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [_Mr. Sumner.] He, if present, would
vote against the resolution, and I should vote
for it.
Mr. COOPER. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Missouri, Mr. Blair.
He, if here, would vote u nay," and I should
vote "yea."
Mr. STEVENSON. I am paired with my
colleague, Mr. Davis. He, if present, would
have voted i 1 yea," and I would have voted
u nay,"
Mr. WILSON. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Maine, Mr. Hamlin. He, if pres-
ent, would have voted "yea," and I should
have voted u nay."
The question being taken, resulted—yeas
23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole.Conkling, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Howe,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Scott, Stewart, Trumbull, West, and
Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Davis of West
Virginia, Fenton, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan. Kelly,
Morton, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stockton,Tipton, Vick-
ers, and Windom—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky. Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Ilamlin, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellogg. Lewis, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner, Thurman,
and Wilson—33.
The preamble and resolutions, as adopted,
are as follows:
Whereas H. J. Ramsdell appearing at the bar of
the Senate in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
pursuant to the resolution of the Senate of the 16th
of May instant, was required by an order of the
Senate then made to answer the following inter-
rogatories :
"First. What excuse have you for not answering
the several interrogatories propounded to you by
members of the special committee of the Senate,
before which committee you were examined as a
witness on the loth day of May instant?
" Second. Are you now ready to appear before
said committee and answer all proper questions
which may be put to you by said committee touch-
ing the disclosure, directly or indirectly, through
any member of the Senate, or any officer or employe
thereof, of what purports to be a copy of the treaty
of Washington now pending before the Senate in
executive session?"
And whereas said Ramsdell was authorized by
order of the Senate, on the 17th day of May instant,
to answer said interrogatories this day ; and whereas
the said Ramsdell has delivered hie answer in writ-
ing to said interrogatories, but shows no valid ex-
cuse for not answering the questions put to him by
said^ special committee, and has not answered that
he is ready to appear before said committee and
answer all proper questions touching the disclosure
mentioned in said second interrogatory; and whereas
the said witness was also required by order of the
Senate then made to answercertain questions which
had been put to him by said committee, and which
he had refused to answer as shown by the report of
the committee, and has refused at the bar of the Sen-
ate to answer a portion of said questions which had
been put to him by said committee; and whereas the
said II. J. Ramsdell has not purged himself of the
contempt wherewith he stands charged: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the said H. J. Ramsdell be
committed to the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms,
to be kept by him in close custody until he shall
signify his willingness to answer the questions pro-
pounded to him by the Senate, and appear before
said committee and answer such proper questions as
may be propounded to him by said committee; and
for the commitment and detention of the said H. J.
Ramsdell this resolution shall be a sufficient war-
rant.
Resolved, That whenever the officer having said
H. J. Ramsdell in custody shall be informed by said
Ramsdell that he is ready and willing to answer as
aforesaid, it shall be the duty of such officer to bring
him before said committee; and if he shall duly
answer the questions reported to the Senate and
which he has refused to answer, though required by
the Senate to answer the same, said committee shall
cause him to be discharged from custody; and said
committee shall be continued during the recess fol-
lowing the present session,and are hereby authorized
to sit during said recess with all the powers con-
ferred by the original resolution of the Senate under
which said committee was appointed: Provided,
That if said committee shall fail to assemble within
ten days after said witness shall notify the Sergeant-
at-Arms of his willingness to answer the questions
he has heretofore refused to answer, and such other
proper questions as shall be propounded to him,
then hebhall be discharged. And it shall be the
duty of the Sergeant-at-Arms forthwith, when in-
formed of the readiness of said Ramsdell to appear
and answer as aforesaid, to notily every member of
the committee thereof.
Mr, CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to j and (at six
o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
