1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
upon which the Republican party is divided, at
least in the middle on this floor—for there are
plenty of gentlemen here to overeomo the sup-
posititious majority—the resolution is to be
forced through by the aid of Democratic votes,
and then it will be followed, as the former res-
olution was, by a motion to adjourn sine die,
so as to cut off every other legislation.
Now, we know that the Senate is in session,
and that they are trying to perfect legislation
which they have voted is necessary. I appeal
to Republicans, I appeal to all lair men to let
us have a fair debate on this resolution. I
call upon my friends who were in the last Con-
gress to bear witness that upon those bills that
I presented I offered just as long debate as was
desired, and never called the previous ques-
tion. If we on this side cannot stand debate,
let us go under. If they cannot stand debate,
then they ought to go under. Let us have some
debate on this question. Let us bring our
minds together if we can. If we cannot, let
us put our respective views before the country.
Such a debate will do a great deal more good
than sending out a roving commission to find
out exactly what they can find, which will
work all harm and no good.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this is not a
question of side. It is one that commends
itself to the serious deliberation of every
member of this House on either side. And
he who attempts to make party capital of it,
who puts party position before his country in
the consideration of this the gravest of all
questions that meet us here at the threshold
of this Congress, comes short, in my opinion,
of the full measure of his duty. And he, sir,
■who insists on some particular measure, who
comes here and says ant Ccesar aut nullus,
will fail, in my apprehension, of working out
the problem which is forced upon this Con-
gress, whether or not out of all the cttbris
and disintegration of the rebellion we are
competent fully to rebuild this Union.
Sir, I cannot feel that when we come to dis-
cuss the question of peace, of life and death,
in ten or eleven States of this Union we ought
to talk about the question whether we are
Democrats or Republicans, whether we are
working with one side or the other. I mar-
vel, sir, at the mind that can find food in those
days from such husks as that.
Sir, I am pledged to no measure, to no mode.
I will take from my colleague, [Mr. Butleu,] or
from any member of this House any plan that
shall restore peace and quiet to the troubled
people of those States. But I will contrib-
ute no part of my influence or my time to fan
the flames of partisan prejudice or further to
disturb the peace of this Union upon these
questions. It my colleague, sir, has any meas-
ure that is practical I will support it as read-
ily and as heartily as I will that of the distin-
guished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siikixa-
bargep..] Bat I do not propose here, after
what has passed in this House and at the other
end of the Capitol, to forget that debate upon
this question only leads us further from the I
shore into a troubled sea and into a dark night.
Sir, itis possible for us, in my opinion, with
such a committee as these two bodies are
capable of forming from the ablest and most
impartial members of both branches of both
political sides, to enter calmly and deliberately
into an investigation not only of the questions
of fact alleged and denied on the one side and
on the other, but of those other questions which
trouble all thoughtful men. What is the re-
medy for this evil in this diseased state of the
public mind, in this unsettled and inflamed
condition of the people in the southern States?
What is the remedy? What are the facts and
what is the remedy? I am satisfied, sir, that
such a committee can be selected from both
sides of this and the other branch of Congress
as shall command the respect and confidence
of the country, and as shall give the assurance
that it goes forth, not in the interest of any
party, but in the interest of the country alone.
And I desire, sir, to say a word in reference
to the position urged with so much force by
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabakger.]
It is not, sir, upon this resolution that we can
properly have a discussion of the great prin-
ciples of constitutional law which may be in-
volved in the remedy which the disclosures of
the facts will render necessary. We can with
more propriety pass this resolution first, and
then go on with the debate on his bill, or on
the bill of my colleague, [Mr. Butler,] or on
any other measure which any gentlemen, feel-
ing confident that they sufficiently understand
the evil, may be prepared to propose without
investigation. But, sir, upon this simple ques-
tion of inquiry, when the Senate almost unan-
imously, and this House by a majority of more
than two to one have decided that it is best to
enter upon this investigation and come here at
the opening of the next session with facts and
with conclusions worthy of the consideration
and deliberation of both Houses, I feel it is my
duty to call for and to insist upon the previous
question, and let the House decide for itself
whether it will come to a decision now or
whether it will continue this discussion for
three or four days.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague [Mr. Dawes] yield to me now for a
single observation?
Mr. DAWES. Upon the whole, I think I
will submit the question to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yes;
you have made your speech, ami now you
refuse to allow any one to reply.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
seconding the call for the previous question.
Upon that question there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 9G, noes 63.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered.
The question was upon the substitute moved
by Mr. Dawes.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts and Mr.
BINGHAM called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The reading of the substitute being called
for, it was read as follows :
Strike outall after the word " that" where it tirst
occurs and insert in lieu thereof tho following:
A joint committee, to consist, of seven Senators
and fourteen Representatives, bo appointed, whose
duty ic shall he to inquire into the condition of tho
late insurrectionary States -ft far ns regards tho ex-
ecution of the laws and the safety of the lives and
properly ot the citizens ot the United states, with
leave to report at any time durim; tho neKt or any
subsequent session of Con£re<-'S tin- result, of then*
investigation to either or both Houses of Congress,
with such recommendations as they may deem ex-
pedient; that said committee be authori'/ed to em-
ploy clerks and stenographers, to sit during the
recess, to send tor persons and papers, to administer
oaths and take testimony, and to visit at their dis-
cretion, through sub-committees, any portions of
the said States during the recess of Congress; and
the expenses of said committee shall be paid out of
the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers
approved by the chairman of said committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. Will this
committee, if this substitute shall be adopted,
be authorized to report at any time during the
next session of Congress, or will it be com-
pelled to wait for its regular call as a select
committee?
The SPEAKER. It v/ill be authorized to
report at any time during the next session or
the succeeding session of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Or any
other session ?
The SPEAKER. Or any other session of
this Congress. The Chair will remark here,
lest members should misunderstand the mat-
ter, that by the resolution previously adopted
by the House authority was not given to report
at any time, for that would have required a
suspension of the rules, and a single objection
would have prevented its consideration by tho
House at that time. The substitute moved
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] contains that which works a suspen-
sion of the rales of the House; but us the
proposition of the Senate also grants authority
to report at any time, the point of order under
the rule ot the House cannot be applied to it,
because the courtesy between the two branches
of Congress will not allow a point of order
under a rule of the House to be applied to a
proposition coming from the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
proposition of the Senate grant authority to
the committee to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. It does,' or otherwise the
substitute of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] would not be in order. But
it is now germane and in order, because the
Senate resolution contains a similar authority
for the committee to report at any time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Would not the effect of
adopting this substitute be to so far change the
Senate resolution as entirely to postpone legis-
lation to the next and subsequent sessions of
Congress?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parlia-
mentary inauiry.
Mr. DA\tES. I can answer that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I can answer it, too.
Mr. MONROE. Let the original Senate
resolution be again read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
litfiolvedbytlie Senate of the United Slates, (the House
of Representatives coneuning.) That a joint com-
mittee consisting of seven Senators and nine Repre-
sentatives be appointed, whose duty it shall be to
inquire into the condition of tho late insurrectionary
States so far as regards the execution of the laws
and the safety of the lives and property of citizens
of the United States, with leave to report at any
time the result of their investigation to tho two
Houses of Congress with such recommendations as
they may deem expedient: that said committee bo
authorized to employ clerks and stenographers, to
sit during the recess, to send for persons and papers,
to take testimony, and to visit at their discretion,
through sub-committees, any portion of the said
States duriug the ieee?s of Congress, and to print
and make public from time to time during the recess
the results of theirinvestigations; and the expenses
ot >nid committee shall be paid out of the contingent
iunds of the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 desire
to ask a single further question, and that is,
whether it is competent for this House to o*de?
the payment out of the contingent fund of the
Senate of all the expenses of this joint com-
mittee?
The SPEAKER. It would not be unless
the Senate concur. Of course this requires
the concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. The money cannot be taken
out of both contingent funds, because the
vouchers must go somewhere.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will, of
coarse, require the concurrence of the Senate.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
amendment offered by Mr. Dawes; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 127, nays 60,
not voting SO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Banks Beck, Bigby, Biggs. Austin Biair,
James (*. Biair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Buffiruon, Burehavd, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll.
Coimnco, Conger, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Oriteher, Cross-
liuid, Davis, Dawes, Be Large, Box, DuBose, Duke,
Eldridge. Ely, Rirnavvorth, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Forker. Frve, Garrett, Uetz, Oolladay, Goodrich,
(Jritfith, Hale, Hambleton, if andlcy, Harper, George
E. Harris, ilawiey, Hay, John W. Hazleton, Here-
ford, Hill. Holman, kendall, Kerr, Kctcham, King,
hamison, Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, Lowe, Manson,
McClelland. JVlcCormick, MeCrary, jMeGrcw, Mc-
ilenry, MMntyre, MeJunkin, MeKinney, McKeely,
Mercur. Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore,
Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Kegiey, iNiblack, Eli Per-
ry. Peters, Poland. Potter, Price, Prindle, Ba.nda.ll,
Head, Edward Y. Pico, J uhn M. "Rice, RiteHie, Ellis
H. Roberts, William 11. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers,
Seolield, bheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Sio-
eum, Sloss R. Milton Spccr, Stevens,Storm,Suther-
land. Swann, Terry, Thomas, WashingtonTownsend,
Tlithill. Van Truiup. Yaughan, Waddell, Wake-
man, Wa.lden, Wnlilrou, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
thorne, Wiilaid, "Williams of New York, Wood, and
i'ouns—127. ,
AYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber.Beatty, Bingham,
Bird, UcorgeM. Brooks, Bucdcley, 13 urdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Cobb, Uoimrn, Cotton, Creely, Barr&ll,
| I>onnan, Bunnell, Eamos, Elliott, Charles ioster,
^arhold. Havens. Uerry W. XIazleton, Hoar, Hooper,
I Kelloy, Killinser, Monroe, Oi-r, Packard. Palmer,
i Parker, Peck, Perce, Porter. Bainey, Rusk, Sawyer,
Seeley,Sessions Shanks, Shellabarger, H.Bodrdman
Smith, John A. South, Snyder, Thomas J. bpeer,
Snrague. Stevenson, Stouahton, hiowell. Sypher,
Tafle, Turner, Twiv-heii, Tyner, Wallace, Walls,
