182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—60.
NOT VOTINGS—Messrs. Ames, Barry, Roderick R.
Butler, Clarke, Dickey, Duel], Ilenry I>. Poster, Ilal-
deman, Halsey, Hanks. Harmer, John X. Harris,
Hays, Kinsella, Leach, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard,
McKee, Merrick, Mitchell, Leonard Myers, Packer,
Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Roosovclt. Shoe-
maker, Worthington C. Smith, St. John, Dwight
Townsend, Dpson, Voorhees, Warren, Washburn,
and Winchester—36.
So the amendment of Mr. Dawes was
agreed to.
During the roll call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. KELLEY. My colleague, Mr. Leon-
ard Myers, is detained from the House by
serious illness.
Mr. PLATT. On this question I am paired
with my colleague, Mr. Harms. If he were
here he would vote "ay," while I should
vote " no."
Mr. LYNCH. On all these questions I am
paired with the gentleman from Indiana, Mr.
Voorhees.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The resolution of the Senate, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The business on the
Speaker's table is not yet finished. It is the
desire of a number of gentlemen that it be
gone through with.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
it would be more in order to let the gentlemau
from New York [Mr. Wheeler] introduce his
resolution for adjournment without day.
Mr. WHEELER. The proposition is so obvi-
ously right that I trust it will be satisfactory
even to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I knew it
was coming.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Private Secretary, informed
the House that the President had approved
and signed a joint resolution (II. R. No. 4)
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to turn
over certain property to the managers of the
Industrial Home School of the District of
Columbia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same, namely:
An act (S. No. 244) relating to condemned
cannon for cemetery at San Francisco.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the innate
had passed bills of the following titles, ia which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
An act (S. No. 88) to amend an act entitled
V -^-p&ctto divide the State of Vnginia into two
judicial districts;"
An act (S. No. 90) for the relief of JohnE.
Wheeler; and
An act (S. No. 116) concerning the com-
pensation of the collectors of customs for the
district of Willamette, in the State of Oregon.
reports of revised statutes.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the following amendment to joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 29) to authorize the commis-
sioners to revise the statutes to print their
reports:
Strike out the resolving clause, and insert in lieu
thereof, lie it ciiHcfed by the Senate a nd Hou^e of
'Representatives ol the !InIf>-rl Statnw of America in
<Ain«ress. assembled;" and aniomlthe til ie by strik-
ing out a jomtiesolution." ana inserting "an act."
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a word on
this subject. This was drawn in the form of
a joint resolution, and the Senate amended it
by turning it into an act. I understand there
is a settled purpose, and so announced in the
Senate, that wherever anything in the nature
of a law is proposed it shall be in the form
of a law or enactment instead of a joint reso-
lution ; and I desire to make this statement
so that members may understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very glad
to be reminded of a duty which for the moment
passed from his attention. In a conference
with the Vice President, the Presiding Officer
of the Senate, he requested the Chair to an-
nounce that the Senate had suggested the
exclusion of all joint resolutions, except for
special purposes requiring that all enactments
having the force of law shall be in the form
of an act. It is proposed that joint resolu-
tions shall be confined to inferior style of legis-
lation as well as to the highest style of legis-
lation, proposing amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
the House should adopt a rule providing that
all the legislation shall be in the shape of joint
resolutions ?
The SPEAKER. This is not exactly a rule,
and the Chair does not put it in that way. It is
the original draft of a proposition which determ-
ines its after-form in all the stages through
which it may pass. This is thrown out as a
suggestion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have found
in a great many instances most important legis-
lation under the form of joint resolutions. You
may look all through the public acts and fail
to find what you may be seeking ; but when
you come to turn over to the joint resolutions
you will find it there, where certainly it ought
not to be. The proposed change is a bene-
ficial one, and ought to be made.
The SPEAKER. The complaint against
the present practice comes principally from
the legal profession throughout the country.
It comes from them more than from any other
source. They protest against important legis-
lation under the form of joint resolutions.
The amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
MONEYS PAID INTO UNITED STATES COORTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 74, relating to moneys paid
into the courts of the United States; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that all moneys in the registry of any court of
the United States, or in the hands or uuder
the control of any officer of such court, which
were received in any cause pending or adjudi-
cated in such court, shall, within thirty davs
after the passage of this act, be deposited with
the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, or a des-
ignated depositary of the United States, in the
name and to the credit of such court. And
all such moneys which are hereafter paid into
such courts or received by the officers thereof
shah be forthwith deposited in like manner;
provided, that nothing herein shall be construed
to preventthe delivery of any such money upon
security, according to agreement of parties
under the direction of the court. The second
section provides that no money deposited as
aforesaid shall be withdrawn, except by order
of the judge or judges of the courts, respectively,
in term or in vacation, to be signed by such
judge or judges, and to be entered and certified .
of record by the clerk, and every .such order shall
state the cause in or on account of which it is
drawn. The third section provides that at each
regular and stated session of the courts the
clerks thereof shall present an account to the
courts of all moneys remaining therein orsnb-
jeet to the order thereof, stating in (let ail in
what causes the moneys are deposited and in
what causes payments have been made, which
account and the vouchers thereof shall be filed
in court. The fourth section provides that if
any clerk or other officer of a court of the Uni-
ted States shall deposit any money belonging
in the registry of the court, in violation of this
act, or shall retain or convert any such money
to his own use or to the use of any other per-
son, he shall be deeped guilty uf embezzle-
ment, and on conviction shall be punished by
a fine of not less than $500 and not more than
the amount embezzled, or by imprisonment for
a term not less than one year nor more than ten
years, or both, at the discretion of the court.
The fifth section provides that if any person
shall knowingly receive from a clerk or other
officer of a court of the United States any
money belonging in the registry of the court
as a deposit, loan, or otherwise, in violation
of this act, he shall be deemed guilty of em-
bezzlement, and shall be punished as provided
in the last preceding section. The sixth and
concluding section provides that the act entitled
"An act directing the disposition of money
paid into the courts of the United States,"
approved April 18, 1814, and the act supple-
mentary thereto, approved March 3, 1817, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to put that bill on its passage. I wish to state
it is precisely in the form of a bill reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means at
the last session and adopted unanimously in
the House, but which went too late to the Sen-
ate to be acted on.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
specifications, etc., of patent office.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (8. No. 119) to further regulate
the publication of the specifications and draw-
ings of the Patent Office; which was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It provides that if, in
the judgment of the joint Committee on Print-
ing, the provisions of the joint resolution pro-
viding for publishing specifications and draw-
ings of the Patent Office, approved January
11, 1871, can be performed under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Patents more
advantageously than in the manner provided
in said joint resolution, it shall be so done,
under such limitations and conditions as the
joint Committee on Printing may from time
to time prescribe. The second section pro-
vides that the price of the printed copies of
specifications and drawings of patents, when
uncertified, shall be determined by the Com-
missioner of Patents, ten cents being hereby
fixed as the minimum and fifty cents as the
maximum price of the same; certified copies
to be sold at the price fixed by the patent act
of 1870.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will con-
sent to put that bill on its passage.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The bill is an important
one, and I think should for the present be
returned to the Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.man] that this bill is
very much in the interest of economy. The
change effected by the joint resolution of last
Congress will result in a great reduction of
expenditure. And this modification is simply
that when thejoint committee see fit, during the
vacation or otherwise, they may clothe the Com-
missioner of Patents with the power which the
law puts in their own hands. That is all. It is
necessary during the vacation to have sorne-
hody here who can exercise the power.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a measure of great
importance, involving a quarter of a million
dollars perhaps. It ought, in the first place,
to be considered by a committee, and I think
