888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Mr. MORTON. I did not intimate that that
Senator had started it. I say that a Senator
told me; I do not intimate that he originated
the story.
I merely desired to say this much this morn-
ing : I hope the committee of investigation will
call before it all those Senators who received
advance copies of this treaty; and when the
question is iu such a condition that 1 can make
a full statement before the public I desire to
do so ; it is due to myself, and it will be but
just to one or two others.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The yiGE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa yield to the Senator from
Massachusetts?
I merely wish to add one
Mr. SUMNER.
remark.
Mr. HARLAN.
Mr. SUMNER.
Very well; I give way.
I wish merely to add one
word. I am also a member of that very com-
mittee, audi desire to say most explicitly that
while i listened to everything that was said,
whether by the witnesses or by any member
of the committee, I heard no intimation or
suggestion that there was any evidence any-
where tending to show that, in point of fact,
this publication could be traced to a Senator.
This whole idea has arisen on this floor, so far
as 1 know.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator heard the state-
ments nistde on this floor.
Mr. SUMNER. My simple object is to tes-
tify that there was nothing before the com-
mittee of any kind tending to sustain any such
allegation or suggestion.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa resumes the floor. Does he yield to the
Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly; for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on his yielding
the floor altogether, or else going on, because
I want to get it mvself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects.
Mr. HARLAN. I cannot yield absolutely. _
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the objection
because I want to make a speech myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa surrender the floor, or decline
to surrender?
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose the Senator
has no objection to my making a report on the
business before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report can-
not be received while the Senator from Iowa
is upon the floor. The Senator from Vermont
objects to his yielding to any one unless he
surrenders the floor unconditionally, which he
declines to do.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will yield
the floor absolutely to me 1 will renew his
motion as soon as 1 get through. I desire to
report a resolution for the printing of a docu-
ment relating to the business we came here to
consider, and it ought to be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the Senator from Iov^a cannot yield the
floor to the Senator from Rhode Island. If
he yields at all he must surrender the floor
unconditionally, and then it will be for the
Chair to assign the floor next to the Senator
who first claims his attention, under the rules.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] thinks I have done him
a wrong. lie wishes to make a remark, and
I do not make any objection to my friend from
Iowa farming out the floor to anybody he
chooses.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermout withdraws the objection, and the Sen-
ator from Iowa now yields to the Senator from
Massachusetts, as the Chair understands.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I find in the Chronicle of
this morning a statement to the effect that
yesterday it was stated in the Patriot that an
advanced copy of this treaty, or what pur-
ported to be the treaty, was placed in my
hands. I did not see that statement yester-
day or I should have alluded to it during the
debate. I wish simply to say this: that no
advance copy was placed in my hands, and I
never saw an advance copy in the hands of
any other Senator. I came here on the morn-
ing of the meeting of the Senate, as you know,
sir, for we came on together from New York,
and I received my copy some time in the after-
noon of Thursday at my desk, it being handed
to me by Mr. Bassett. I know nothing what-
ever about the thing in' any shape or form.
The VICE'PRESIDENT. If there is no
objectiou the Senator from Iowa yields to the
Senator from Rhode Island, who desires to
make a report.
claims of foreign subjects.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the message of the
President of the United States, communicating,
in compliance with the resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 10th instant, a copy of reports made
by Hon. William Whiting on claims made by
the subjects of foreign nations for damages in
consequence of the war against the rebellious
States, have instructed me to report back the
same and recommend that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island, from the Committee on
Printing, reports favorably on the printing of
thirty or forty pages of Mr. Whiting's book,
heretofore brought to the attention of the
Senate.
The repoVt was agreed to.
publication of .trjiaty of washington.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say on this
important subject that what we have seen this
morning illustrates the propriety, when we are
undertaking to find out the truth, of having
witnesses sworn and examined in the ordinary
way and having them, tell the truth, instead of
concealing it. If the witnesses who are now
in custody will tell the trui h, as the law requires
them to do, then we shall know where the treaty
came from, and Senators will either beexoner-
ated or not exonerated as the truth may turn
out. 1 certainly trust and hope that we all shall
be. I hope to be, myself, and I hope all my
fellows will. But we shall never know the truth
until somebody is obliged to tell the truth in
order that we may find out. I think nothing
illustrates more entirely the propriety of finding
out the truth in the usual way and manner from
people who may be obliged to tell it, than the
very difficulty we are having this morning, sus-
picion pointing to this man or that man, unjust,
no doubt, in all cases ; but suspicion pointing to
everybody, and the Senate is absolutely blocked
in finding out whether that suspicion is just or
unjust by the only natural and proper source
in which it can be found. That is all I wish
to say.
Mr. MORTON. One word. Suspicion has
pointed to Senators, perhaps, from the state-
ments that have been made on this floor. I,
for one, was not to be driven from doing what
I thought was right because intimations had
been made that this publication would be
traced to a Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to dis-
pute that at all. I hope my friend will not
think that I wish to drive him or any other
Senatorfrom what he thinks to be right. That
is a matter of judgment. I only wish to add
in connection with what he has said on the
floor, that I think it right to say that I have
heard these suspicions magood many quarters
outside of this Chamber, and for a good many
days, referring to Senators, referring to more
than one Senator; and of course, as I believe
these suspicions must be entirely unfounded,
and, if we could get at the truth, would be
demonstrated to be, I should be very far from
naming any person to whom suspicion referred,
even it it might be myself; very far.
Mr. HOWE. Sir. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Iowa yield to the Senator from Wis-
consin ?
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to decline,
and yet I shall have to stop somewhere, I am
inclined to think, and I had better stop with
one of my very best friends in the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Oh! I am not a friend of his.
[Laughter.] That is an entire mistake.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator puts it on
that ground I will yield for a moment or
two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Iowa declines to yield further, the Chair
will award the floor to him and not recognize
any other Senator after the Senator from Wis-
consin shall have concluded.
Mr. HAULAN. I will not yield further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa now yields to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin.
Mr. HOWE. This is the first favor that I
have gained here on the ground of my ill-will
toward any member of the Senate, and I, want
to avail myself of this opportunity to say that
I have voted as steadily in aid of this investi-
gation, I believe, as any member of the Senate,
but I never heard a lisp from anybody which
led me to suppose, or from whi^h I suspected
either, that the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmonds,] the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] the Senatorfrom New York,
[Mr. Fenton,] or any other individual Senator,
was, iti the view of anybody, connected with
this investigation, and I never had them in
mind.
I should have said, however, that my friend
from New York [Mr. Feston] told me yester-
day, and he is the only one I ever heard men-
tion the fact, that he had heard it said that this
investigation was aimed at him. But for that
communication which he made to me I never
should have known or suspected that any par-
ticular individual was aimed at. I had no par-
ticular individual in view ; and I did not care
whether this communication was made public
through the instrumentality of a Senator or the
instrumentality of somebody else connected
with the public service ; it was a breach of con-
fidence in either case.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 now renew ray motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
withdrawal of papers*.
Mr. WINDOM. Pending the closing of the
doors, I ask that the following order be maie:
Ordered, That George H. Wells h ave leave to with-
draw from the files of,the Senate his petition and
papers.
Mr. EDMUNjDS. Has there been any ad-
verse report in the case?
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot answer that ques-
tion. I do not know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the order might
be suspended until we see, although perhaps
the rules do not jirevent the papers being with-
drawn if there is an adverse report; but I
think if there is an adverse report copies
Ought to be taken before the papers are with-
drawn. The order may be adopted and my
friend can look into it.
Mr. WINDOM. I will examine into that
fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Minnesota to accept-the
suggestion that if there is an adverse report
copies may be made, and if there is no objec-
tion the order will be made in that form.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and after six hours and
a half spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and (at five o'clock and three
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned until half
past ten o'clock to-morrow morning.
