890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Itis thought
desirable that I should state, what is true, that
in the remarks I made generally I had no
Senator in my mind. I stated that I thought
in the end the investigation would be found to
implicate some Senator in at least carelessness
or something of that sort. I suppose that every
one has a theory on that subject, and I had
mine, which was that the treaty could not have
possibly got out unless it was obtained, perhaps,
from the copy of some Senator. I thought it
most likely that the agent of the press—not the
correspondent, but the person who supplied
the correspondent—had obtained it from the
room of a Senator in his absence clandes-
tinely. I am inclined to' think so still. I do
not intend, and I did not intend then, to have it
supposed that I had my suspicions fixed upon
any Senator.
executive session.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after four
hours and forty-five minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
three o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned until eleven o'clock a. m.,
Monday.  
Monday, May 22, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. Samuel A. Wilson', of Wash-
ington.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
last was read and approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I think it
my duty to throw myself on the indulgence of
the Senate and cali attention to what purports
to be a report of a speech made by me, so
said, in executive session on Friday last.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts desires to call the attention of
the Senate to some report with regard to him-
self. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr, SUMNER. It is in the New York
Herald of Saturday, entitled "Sumner on the
treaty ; speech of the Massachusetts Senator
in executive session." 1 wish to remark of
that, that it is, from begitming to end, a pure
invention  
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
state further that all these reports for several
days are mere inventions.
Mr. SUMNER. I do saythesame. T speak,
of course, technically with regard to myself
when I say that every report 1 have seen of
what was called a speech by me was a pure
invention ; and I hope that wherever the report
has gone my contradiction may go. There is
an old saying, first uttered by Fisher Ames,
that a lie will travel from Maine to Georgia
while truth is putting on its boots. I fear that
that saying may be verified now, but I hope
truth will begin to put on its boots pretty soon.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President  "
Mr. SUMNER, (who had not resumed his
neat.) And now, while I am up, I will send an
oider to the Chair.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to make a per-
sonal explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rec-
ognized the Senator from Massachusetts near-
est the Chair, [Mr. Wilson,] supposing that
ihe Senator from Massachusetts farthest from
the Chair [Mr. Sumner] had closed.
Mr. SUMNER. lonlywantan orderread.
_Mr. EDMUNDS. Before that is done I
•vish to make a personal explanation.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to offer a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The two Senators
from Massachusetts have risen with papers to
present. The Chair, supposing that the Sen-
ator farthest from the Chair [Mr. Sumner]
had yielded the floor, recognized the Senator
nearest him, [Mr. Wilson.] Does the other
Senator from Massachusetts yield to his col-
league?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly I do.
release of kecusant witnesses.
Mr. WILSON. I merely wish to offer a res-
olution to have it laid on the table now, to be
called up at some other time. I send the res-
olution to the Chair.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms of tho Sen-
ate be, and he is hereby, directed to discharge Z. L.
White and H. J. Ramsdell, now held in custody by
him by an order of the Senate, immediately upon
the final adjournment of the special session of the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over until
to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont desires to make a personal explan-
ation, as the Chair understands.
personal explanation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not think it neces-
sary, Mr. President, to rise in the morning and
contradict reports made in the newspapers
about my conduct in executive session or else-
where ; but as I see my honorable friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has thought it
proper to do so, in imitation of his example I
wish to say that I saw in tho papers of a few
days ago a statement of a speech of mine show-
ing great hostility to the press, said to have
been made in executive session, and to say
further that I have made no speech upon the
subject at all, either in executive session or
elsewhere; and I do not think I reveal any
executive secrets when I say, in addition, that
the subject was not alluded to in executive
session, on the occasion referred to, by any
person whatever.
discharge ob' wiiitb and llamsdell,
Mr. SUMNER. Now I ask to have the
order read which I have sent to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That Z. L. White and II. J. Ramsdell,
witnesses now in close custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arrns, be discharged from such custody forthwith.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
pay of committee clerks.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Itemlnej(. That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay the
clerks of the several standing committees of the
Senate their usual per diem compensation from the
1st to the 31st of May inclusive.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. SHERMAN. That had better go to
the Committee on Contingent Expenses.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] says the resolution is
not necessary. I supposed it was necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not necessary, I am
very sure, except so far as it may go beyond
the session. I do not know how long the ses-
sion will last.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think at the
last session there was a resolution carrying"
the pay beyond the session.
Mr. POMEROY. This resolution carries it
to the end of this month.
Mr. FENTON. I do not know what the
committee could do about this matter. My
attention was called to it a few moments ago.
I understand there is a precedent for a reso-
lution of this kind; but the committee conld
only follow the precedent in two cases. The
Senate may settle the matter in this way, if it
so orders.
Mr. POMEROY. I think this resolution
would settle any question there was about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio insist on the reference?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care anything
about it; but if the resolution gives these em-
ployes more than they are entitled to by law,
it ought to go to the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It gives more than the
law does, by the difference between the time
we adjourn and the end of the month.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not stand on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will put the question on
the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
mileage to senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire, if the personal
explanations are over and it be in order, to
make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is m order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, who were by a resolution of the
Senate directed to inquire whether members
of the Senate are entitled to mileage at the
present special session, have instructed me to
make a report. I will state that the conclu-
sion of the report, or the opinion to which the
committee has come, is that the members of
the Senate are not entitled to mileage at the
present special session.
The report was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after five
hours and a half spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened, and (at four o'clock
and forty minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned
till half past ten o'clock a. m., to-morrow.
Tuesday, May 23, 1871.
The Senate met athalf past ten o'clock a. m.
election or president pro tempore.
The Chief Clerk, (Mr. W. J. McDonald.)
The Senate will come to order. The Vice
President has addressed to the Secretary of
the Senate the following letter, which he
requests may be laid before the Senate :
Vice President's Chamber,
washington, May 23, 1871.
Sin: Please state to the Senate that I do not
expect to occupy the chair during the remainder
of this session.
Yours, respectfully,
SCHUYLER COLFAX.
GrEORSE C. Gokham, esq.,
Hecretary Henate United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Secretary, I send to
the desk a resolution which 1 ask to have acted
on at once.
The Chief Clerk. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts offers the following resolution, and
requests its present consideration:
liesolved, That in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent Hon. Henry B. Anthony be, and he is hereby,
chosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
If there be no objection the resolution is
before the Senate. Senators, as many as agree
to the resolution will say "ay," those opposed
to it will say "no." [Putting the question.]
The ayes have it; the resolution is unanimously
adopted, and Mr. Anthony will be pleased to
take the chair.
Mr. Anthony took the chair as President
pro tempore.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in order to
complete the organization of the Senate, with
the permission of the Chair, I offer another
resolution:
Ordered, That the Secretary wait upon the Pres-
ident of the United States and inform him that in
tho absence of the Yice Piesident the Senate has
