1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
chosen Hon. Henry B. Anthony, a Senator from the
State of Rhode Island, President of the Senate pro
tempore.
The resolution was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the Journal of yesterday's pro-
ceedings.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
fousi ness.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, before that,
it seems to me the Senate had better take up
the resolution discharging the two witnesses
from the close custody in which they are now
held. I think the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia will hardly be willing to take the respons-
ibility of detaining those persons in close cus-
tody 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. I believe a motion to proceed to the
consideration of executive business is not
debatable.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The other subject is one
that will lead to considerable debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Not much, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 think we ought to go
into executive session.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after six
hoars and five minutes spent in executive ses-
sion the doors were reopened.
report on yellowstone expedition.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate two thousand extra copies of Executive
Document No. 51, being the report of Lieutenant
Doaneupon the so-called Yellowstone expedition
of 1870.
committee clerks.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the clerk to theselect Committee on
Disabilities and the clerk to the select Committee
on the Levees of the Mississippi be, and they are
hereby, allowed the same pay as is allowed by the
resolution of the Senate of the 22d of May to the
clerks of the standing committees of the Senate.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. POOL, it was
Ordered, That Eliza Ann Lumsden be allowed to
withdraw the papers in her case from the files of the
Senate.
i'inal adjournment.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Presiding Officer of the Senate
adjourn the Senate without day to-morrow at tour
o'clock p. m.
pages of the senate.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the pages of the Senate receive
their per diem compensation from the 1st of May
until the 1st of June next.
duration of eacii session.
Mr. POMEROY submitted a tabular state-
ment prepared by George S. Wagner, of the
Secretary's office, showing thecommencement,
termination, and duration of each session of
Congress and of each special session of the
Senate from the beginning of the Government
to the present time; which was ordered to be
printed.
hour of meeting,
Mr. MORTON moved that when the Senate
adjourn, it be to meet at eleven o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS moved to amend the motion
by substituting "ten" for "eleven."
The amendment was agreed to ; and the
motion, as amended, was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.,) the
Senate adjourned.
Wednesday, May 24, 1871.
The Senate met at ten o'clock a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Samuel A. Wilson, of Washington.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to give a notice before he does that?
Mr. CAMERON. I will give way for that.
Mr. WILSON. I give notice that imme-
diately after action upon the treaty I shall
move to take up the resolution I introduced
to discharge Mr. White and Mr. Ramsdell
from custody.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. AMES. Before the doors are closed
I wish to have an order made for the with-
d rawal of papers. I move that leave be granted
to withdraw the papers in the ease of P. Slaugh-
ter, now before the Committee on Claims. The
papers have not been acted on.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that leave be granted
to withdraw from the files the papers in the
case of Jacob I. Cragin, as he wishes them for
the purpose of presenting them to the south-
ern claims commission. There has been no
adverse report.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to present a memorial
which he has received and been requested to
present. It is the memorial of Flanagan,
Bradley, Clark & Co., Courtlandt Palmer,
and others, representing that they are just
claimants for over a quarter of a million
dollars against the Government of Venezuela,
which claims they presented to the mixed
commission, but which were left undetermined
by the commission, as the memorialists allege,
on account of a corrupt agreement made in the
interest of some, if not all the commissioners.
The memorial sets forth these facts at length,
and concludes as follows:
"As your memorialists cannot compel persons
knowing the facts to give written statements m re-
gard thereto, or in any way compel the giving of
evidence relating to said matters, we would most
respectfully ask that it nw please your honorable
body, at such time as may seem proper, to give to
some one of your committees the power to^end for
persons and papers and make examination into the
matters connected with the proceedings and delin-
quencies of said mixed commission and make report
thereupon: and, in the mean time, that such proper
action may be taken as may cause the said money to
remain undistributed to the holders of said certifi-
cates payable to bearer, until such time as your
said committee may make report thereupon."
This memorial, if there be no objection,
will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. It is so referred.
executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope now the Senate
will proceed to the consideration of executive
business. I renew that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and after twelve
hours and forty-eight minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock. ____
Thursday, May 25, 1871.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. Samuel A. Wilson, of Wash-
ington.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Jour-
nal has not been read.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Alabama asks unanimous consent
to dispense with the reading of the Journal.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Mr. PENTON. It had better be read.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not for one moment.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senate will go
into executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have one
word 
Mr. CAMERON. I think there can be no
debate on this motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I have one word of per-
sonal explanation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania give way to tho
Senator from Massachusetts ?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Eor one word of personal
explanation?
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot, give way now.
Mr. SUMNER. I must do it now or never.
It is to correct an error in the press.
Mr. CAMERON. I will yield to that, if it
is not to interfere with my motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I want one minute ; that
is all.
Mr. CAMERON. I give way for that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania will be con-
sidered as pending.
Mr. SUMNER. I have to say that I have
seen in the Chronicle, a newspaper printed in
Washington, a statement of what purported to
be a speech of mine in executive session yes-
terday. I am astonished that a paper con-
ducted by a gentleman who officially has a seat
in the executive sessions of the Senate should
attribute to a Senator what he never said. I
have now to state that what is attributed to
me is entirely a fabrication. I made no such
speech.
"Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator allow
the resolution in regard to the pages to be
passed ?
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator give way
for a moment? I want to give notice of calling
up a resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I give way for the notice,
not for the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. 1 intended to call up early
this morning the resolution discharging Mr.
White and Mr. Ramsdell. The Senate is not
now full, and the Senator from Pennsylvania
moves to go into executive session. As soon
as we get out of executive session I intend to
ask the Senate to take up that resolution and
consider it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why notconsider it now'.'
Mr. CAMERON. There is not time now.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can finish the exec-
utive business in ten minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The Chair put the question, and declared
that the ayes appeared to have it.
A division being called for, there were—ayes
17, noes 16; no quorum voting.
The PRESIDENTpj'o tempore. The Chair
believes there is aquorum present. The Chaw
will put the question over again.
