188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
continue, tlie circulation of oar discreditable,
disreputable, irredeemable, and lying paper-
money system throughout, all time.
1 trust this House will give no such sanction
whatever by voting for this bill, either on the
one side or the other, but that we will con-
tinue to go on as we have been going 011 for
some years past with tolerable success, until
we can reach that happier and better era when
once more the silver dollar will be seen, and
the golden eagle be exhibited to all our people
and be in the pockets of all our laboring men.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] for five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When
this measure was up before the last House^ I
was very much inclined to be opposed to it,
and I did oppose it, so far as I could do so
without making 9.ny speech upon the subject.
I went, however, into an examination of the
matter to see exactly what was wanted.
I find that there is one point which has not
been brought particularly to the attention of
the House, which renders it necessary that the
present national bank currency shall be sent
in and exchanged. That currency has now
been in circulation for a number of years, until
it has got into a very dilapidated condition. A
new issue cannot be reprinted from the old
plates, cannot be made until new plates are
made. Ithasgot so now that you cannot tell
a counterfeit note from a genuine note.
Not only that, but that currency has passed
from hand to hand until it has got into such
a condition that there has been more than one
instance of contagious disease disseminated in
that way, for we are all liable to wet our Angers
by our hps and' then handle this money ; and as
most, it not all of us, are aware the banks are
now in the habit of keeping moist sponges
with which their clerks can wet their fingers
when they are required to handle these notes.
The whole currency has got into such a con-
dition that it has become a necessity to change
the notes that have so long been in circulation
for a new issue.
1 am against any mere paper-money system,
I will vote with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] that there never shall
be another bank hill issued or another note
set afloat among the people. But while we
have bank noies already afloat, until the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency of this House
shall agree to change this system, against
which 1 have fought, with all my might, let us at
least have clean money. That is all there is
of this proposition. Let us have clean bills,
good bills, that are not counterfeits. They are
poor enough at best, when they are printed
with all possible safeguards.
This bill requires no new machinery, no new
building. We must have a printing bureau for
the national currency so long as we have
greenbacks in circulation, so long as we issue
bonds, which require reprinting, and new
ones to bo issued. And the only question is
whether that machinery shall bo employed, as
it will be employed upon tins work, in doing
paitof it.
I hope that the suggestion of the Secretary
of the Treasury will be adopted, so that there
may thus be a check upon the operation. If
I believed with the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] that this was a perpetuation of
the paper-currency system, or tended towaid
that in any manner or form, 1 should vote |
against it. It was this fear which induced me j
to oppose the proposition when it was up be- !
fore; but upon examination I find it only pro- |
vides for the issuing of clean money instead '
of ragged money; it only proposes to supply |
the people Will) money which a man may carry j
or handle without feeling that it is a mass of :
filth". This is all that is proposed to be done;
and it is to be done with aii proper safeguards.
Mr. GAltFiELD, of Ohio. I yield for a
few moments to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Bdrciubd.]
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Speaker, I hope
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will
yield for a motion to strike out the first section
of this bill. The second section will accom-
plish all that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts desires; that is, the calling in of the worn
and mutilated currency and the issue of new
notes printed upon the old plates. Those
plates are not worn out. The object in having
new plates engraved and prepared, as I under-
stand it, is simply to make use of the new
fibrous paper upon which Treasury notes and
fractional currency are now printed. In the
engraving of the old plates there are too many
dark lines and figures, so that the fiber in the
new patent paper would not be brought out as
distinctly as would be desirable. It is there-
fore proposed to replace all the old circulation
with new notes printed from new plates, an
operation which, as the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency of the last House found,
would involve an expense of several hundred
thousand dollars. The committee, I believe,
came to the conclusion that the counterfeits in
circulation are not so numerous as to justify
the incurring of this expense; that if any such
step is to be taken we had better wait until a
later period, when the experiment may have
been tried with the Treasury notes which are
being printed upon the new paper.
If a motion to strike out the first section
should be entertained, it will ascertain the
sense of the House upon the question whether
at this time there should be prepared new
plates for printing all the circulation. If the
worn and mutilated notes of the several denom-
inations of ones, twos, fives, tens, twenties,
fifties, &c., should be called in and new plates
be prepared for printing the notes issued in
place of the worn and mutilated bills, the prin-
cipal expense will have been incurred ; then at
a subsequent session of Congress it will very
reasonably be urged that, already having the
new plates, all the circulation should be piinteu
upon them and the old bills called iu. In other
words, this measure is but the entering wedge
for the printing of all the currency upon new
plates.
1 am clearly of opinion that if these new
notes are to be printed upon new plates they
ought to be printed at the Treasury Depart-
ment. I think such a requirement would be
wise. The Government is now paying $t0,000
a year as express charges for sending to New
York this money, partly printed, and bringing
it back again. Besides, the work can be done
more cheaply here. I think it. can be done
better, and I believe it can be done as safely.
But I am opposed to enacting at this time the
provisions of the first section of this bill. It
may be that at a future session, when this mat-
ter shall have been sufficiently experimented
upon, Congress may be satisfied that in view
of the counterfeits which are extant an entirely
new circulation printed from new plates should
be issued.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coisukn.]
Mr. COBURN. Sir. Speaker, in view ot
the fact that Congress last summer authorized
additional circulation to the amount of some
fifty-four million dollars, and after t hat amount
is issued a redistribution of §25,000,000, making
in all some seventy-nine million dollars, a large
amount of which has not yet been issued, though
it probably will be within a short time, it seems
to me good policy for the Government to pre-
pare new plates oil which these notes now to
be issued shall be printed. It is a question of
some but not very great expense whether or
not we shall have new plates. The New York
bank-note companies can at a little greater
expense print the same number of bills which
the Treasury Department, prints in Washington.
I he aduitional cost to the Government will be
in the preparation for printing, and no very
great preparation will be required. I happened
to be on the sub-committee appointed to look
into this matter. We found that there is
already in the Treasury Department a large
corps of engravers and printers, who are en-
gaged all the time; and they can just as well
be employed in working upon and printing
from these new plates as in renewing the old
plates and printing from them.
I have in my hand, Mr. Speaker, a letter
addressed by the Secretary of the Treasury to
Hon. Justin S. Morrill, United States Sen-
ate, to which I desire to call the attention of
the House, in reference to certain counterfeits
of the national bank note circulation, and the
imperative demaud which exists for a new issue
to supply its place. I ask the Clerk also to read
the accompanying statement of the Bureau of
Engraving and Printing.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department, March 2,1871.
Sir: I think it very important that the House bill
providing for a new issue of national bank note cur-
rency should be passed by the Senate at this session.
Tho present issue in circulation is generally defaced
and mutilated.
There is no power of compulsory exchange; and,
moreover, the bills of several denominations, espe-
cially the twenty-dollar bills, are so well counter-
feited as to defy detection except by the cleverest
experts.
There is no bill pending, except the appropriation
bills, that is so important, in a public sense, within
my knowledge.
Very respectfully, GEO. S. B0UTWELL,
Secretary,
Hon. Justin S. Morrill,
United States Senate, Washington, D. C.
■ ST.
i o 5
: a> a  •
:
or8 —:r,
P o ® o
K? 3 2
S3 a 2- &
O—itcto
o^cco
CCO^I
ClOO-4
cr
£ &
(s 7?
Ss3
^ ~ ©
" 3 **
25 2 s
?^co
Mr. COBUUN. The checks already pro-
vided, or which can be secured in the Treasury
Department, are just as great as the checks
which existanywhereelse ; that is, the checksof
one officer upon another, of one set of persons
engaged in this printing upon another, as any
which can be provided on the part of private
individuals. A man, whether in office or out
of office, can be a check on another; and it is
absurd to say that because men are the eni-
ploy6s or officers of the Treasury Department
they will comhine for the purpose of perpetrat-
ing fraud upon the Government, more readily
and dangerously than if in private employment.
I'he Secretary of the Treasury and his subor-
dinates are perfectly competent to control the
engraving and printing of the currency, and
this thing can be so arranged that one set of
