1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
officers will be a perfect check upon the other.
1 think the matter ought to be managed in the
Treasury Department,. Itispeeuliarly the busi-
ness of that Department to engrave these notes.
We tax the banks for the purpose of having
these notes printed. The money now lies in
the Treasury for that purpose and ought to be
disbursed by the officers of the Government
whenever it is necessary to furnish the people
with a renewed and more perfect circulation.
I have no doubt the work can be done more
economically and safer in that way than in
any other. A large amount of the national
bank notes are so ragged and dirty and worth-
less, as mere pieces of paper, that in a short
time they cannot, be used at all, and we will
be bound from the woin and tattered condition
of the bills to furnish the people with some
kind of decent circulating medium, something
better than the dirty trash now being handled.
Mr. RANDALL. Would the gentleman
object to having them exchanged for "green-
backs?"
Mr. COBURN. I do not know that I would.
I have no objection to "greenbacks." I am
not finding fault with "greenbacks" now;
t.hey are the very best specimens of paper
money. This does not have the effect to pro-
long the existence of these national bank notes
one minute longer. It is no blow at the sys-
tem to refuse it, and it is no blow against the
"greenbacks" to provide for the engraving
of these new national bank notes. What we
want is to furnish good, sound paper money
for the use of the people, with sufficient guards
and checks upon those engaged in engraving
and printing it, to be issued m the most eco-
nomical manner. That is all there is about it.
It may cost one or two hundred thousand dol-
lars to pay for the machinery for getting out
these notes, but in the end it will he a meas-
ure of economy to the people.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
my colleague.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say a word on this question. When
this bill was before the House during the last
session of the Forty-First Congress i felt in-
clined to oppose it and did oppose it. Since
that time I have examined the bill somewhat
thoroughly in all its features, and I have arrived
at the conclusion that it ought to pass. I
believe it is just to the people, I believe it
due to the people, that we should retire the
ragged national bank notes about which great
complaint is and has been made, and to fur-
nish new, clean notes in lieu of thetn. I be-
lieve it is also a just measure to the banks by
preventing counterfeits of the national bank
notes. It will, as the evidence and figures
show conclusively, save hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars to the Treasury of the United
States. This saving will be brought about
by the Government doing at least the major
part of the printing, which certainly can be
"done in Washington city, under the super-
vision of the Secretary of the Treasury, as well
as in the city of New York. Now, sir, I fail to
see any necessity why the Government should
from year to yeai pay hundreds of thousands
of dollars annually to bank-note companies for
doing the woik which can be done quite as
well in Washington, and a great deal cheaper.
I hope that the amendment which some gen-
tlemen suggest, of striking out the provision
which contemplates the building ultimately of
an addition to the Treasury Department, will
not be accepted by my colleague from Ohio,
[Mr. Gakfikld ;] forif thatamendmentshould
prevail I should certainly vote against the bill.
Mr. GA KP1ELD, of Ohio. 1 desire to say
a word fun her. I am sorry that the debate
ran off into the question of greenbacks, na-
tional bank notes, or specie payments. Cer-
tyiuly none of the gentlemen who oppose the but
can believe in specie payments more strongly
than I do, and no one can desire more heartily
than 1 do that we should get at them. But the
question here is, whether we shall have dirty
money or clean money. A new issue of national
bank notes is about to be made, and the ques-
tion is, shall they be printed on the old, worn
plates, or not?
I ask the Clerk to read section forty-one of
the banking law, that gentlemen may see how
the expenses are paid.
Mr. MORGAN. Before that is read, I would
like to propound to my colleague a question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the section
be first read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 41. And be it further enaeted, That the plates
and special dies to be piocured by the Comptroller
of the Currency for the printing of such circulating
notes shall'reraain under his control and direction,
and the expenses necessarily incurred in executing
the provisions of this act respecting the procuring
of such notes, and all other expenses of the bureau
shall be paid out of the proceeds of the taxes or
duties now or hereafter to bo assessed on the circu-
lation, and collected from associations organized
under this act. And, in lieu of all existing taxes,
every association shall pay to the Treasury of the
United States, in the months of January and July, a
duty of one half of one per cent, each half year, from
and after thelstday of January.l8M, upontheaver-
age amount of its notes in circulation, and a duty of
one quarter of ono per cent, each half year upon the
average auiount of its deposits, and a duty ot one
quarter of one per cent, each half year as aforesaid
on the average amount of its capital stock beyond
the amount invested in United States bonds, &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That will do.
That is enough to show that the tax is levied
on the banks. I will now hear the question
of my colleague.
Mr. MORGAN. My question is this: if the
banks are required to pay the expense of print-
ing the notes, what is the object of this appro-
priation which is asked for m the first section
of the bill ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
appropriation asked for. That is stricken
out.
Mr. MORGAN. Then the bill before the
House and the printed bill are not the same.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In that single
respect they are not the same. When the bill
was introduced it was exactly the bill of last
session, which made an appropriation. But
since the bill so drawn was introduced into the
House last session, an appropriation was made.
In this bill, therefore, there is no appropria-
tion. I now demand the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the demand for
the previous question will be voted down so as
to allow the amendment to come in which will
make the banks pay the expenses.
Mr. COX. Some gentlemen on this side
consider that there is a doubt whether banks
pay the expense. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] accept an amendment
to provide so distinctly?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is already
in the law.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. PERCE. I move to suspend the rules
to bring before the House a bill to relieve cit-
izens of the United States of the political dis
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States by reason of participation in the late
rebellion, and for other purposes.
The bill was read as follows :
Be it enacted, Jea.. (two thirds of each House con-
curring therein,) That the political disabilities of all
persons, citizens of the United Stales, imposed by
the fourteenth article of amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States, by reason of participa-
tion in the hi to rebellion, be, and tliesamearc hereby
removed: J'rovided, That this act shall not apply
to or in any way affect or remove the disabilities
of any person included in eithei ot the following
Members of the Congress of the United
States who vriuidiew thorelrom and aided the reoei-
Officers of rho Armv or Navy of the Uni-
ted Stales, above the age ot twenty-one years, who
letr said Army or Navy to aid the rebellion.
ThiuL Members of State conventions winch adopt-
ed pretended ordinances ot secession, who voted lor
the adoption ot such oidinanccs.
Sk \ 2. That if two or moic pei?on? shall conppirc
together in any State or Territory o^ tho united
States, with intent to subvert or re-1st tue aut hority
ot the Constitution or laws of the United btat.es,
or with intent to injure, oppress, threaten, or mtxin-
idateany person, or prevent and hinder such person
in the tree exercise anil enjoyment of any right or
privilege granted or secured to such person by til©
Constitution or laws of the United States, or because
of the exerciso or enjoyment of such right or privi-
lege by such person, or who shall, in the ptoseeution
of such conspiracy, injure or kill any person, or
destroy the property of any person, the persons so
offending shall bo held guilty of felony, and shall
be liable to indictment therefor in the circuit court
of the United States of the State and district, or tho
United States court ot the Territory in which such
felony may be committed, and upon conviction
thereof shall be subject to imprisonment for a term
not less than four years nor more than twenty years,
and to a fine not less than $1,000 nor more than $10,000.
Sec- 3. That whenever, by reason of such unlaw-
ful combination or conspiracies, it shall, in tho
judgment ot the President, become impracticable in
any State and district or Territory of the United
States to enforce by tho ordinary course, ot judicial
proceedings the provisions of this act, it shall be
lawful for the Presidentof the United States to call
forth tho militia of any such State in which such un-
lawful combinations or conspiracies may be, and also
to employ such portions of the land and naval forces
of tho United States as lie may deem necessary to
enforce the faithful execution of this act, and to
bring to trial all such offenders against this law and
the rights of persons.
Sec. 4. That no person shall be a grand or petit
juror in any court of the United States in any State
and district or Territory m which such combinations
or conspiracies may be declared by the President to
exist, ivlio shall not, in addition to tho qualifications
now required bylaw.be free of all charge ot com-
plicity with any such combinations or conspiracies;
and every such juror shall, before entering upon the
discharge of his duties in any such State and dis-
trict orTerritorym which such combinations or con-
spiracies may be, take and subsoribean oath in open
court that he has never, directly or indirectly, coun-
seled, advised, or voluntarily aided any such combi-
nation or conspiracy.
Mr. KBRIl. I move the reference of that
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Purge] moves that the rules be suspended and
the bill brought before the House for consid-
eration.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry of the Chair. It is, whether, in
case the rules be suspended, it will be in order
to take the question upon each section of the
bill as presented ?
The SPEAKER. It will not, except by way
of amendments. Of course, if the bill is open t,o
amendment the gentleman can move to strike
out any particular section he desires to strike
out; but there will be 110 right to a division of
the bill.
Mr. VERGE. I desire to say that if the bill
is introduced for consideration I propose to
leave it open for amendment and discussion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It will bring before the
House the Butler bill, with all its concomitants.
Mr. BINGHAM. No! no!
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It amounts to that, and
nothing less.
We do not want any such
I move that the House do
Mr. KERR.
stuff.
Mr. WOOD.
now adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from New York to withdraw that motion.
They cannot suspend the rules on us. We
have enough here now, so that they cannot do
anything of that sort.
The question wa3 put on Mr. Wood 3
motion ; and there were—ayes 09, noes 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The questiou recurred upon Mr. Pence's
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 94. noes 89, not voting 10; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Averill. Banks, Barber. Beatty,
Bisby, Hmghaui, George M. Brooks, Buckley, iut-
11 nIon, Bui-chaid. Burdett, B.'Ujamin I.
Clarke, Cobb, Cohurn, Conner, Oouk, Cotton, Cieei>,
llrVr ~Hm>i>or Keiley, Ketchanu Killmger. Lowe,
Maynaid, xMcOrary, Mettrew Me.fuiikin. Mercur,
i\f4rij.iu, Monroe, Moroy, Morplns Ncsrlov, Oi,.
Packard. Palmer, Parser, 1 eiee. 1 ollimi, 1 oitcl,
Prindle, itainoy, Bills 11. lvoberts, hudi, i-aw}or.
