1871.
PHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
live, for us to adjourn ourselves without day,
when we had been called together in extraor-
dinary session, without first communicating to
him the fact that we were ready and desirous
to adjourn unless there was some other special
subject which he wished to submit to our con-
sideration.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question right there?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. What has that to do with
the questioh of the necessity of fixing by reso-
lution a time when we shall adjourn? Why
cannot the Senator more now the appointment
of a committee to wait on the President and
inform him that we are ready to adjourn, or
to inquire whether he has any further commun-
ication to make? Why can we not do that,
and then, when we are through with our busi-
ness, why cannot any Senator move that the
Senate now adjourn sine dief
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend having put a
question involving about one hundred and fifty
words, ought to pull up till T answer that be-
fore he puts any more. "VVe can do what he
suggests; we can tell the President that we
have nothing further to do and are ready to
adjourn ; but how are we to know that that is
true until the Senate has determined that it
is ready to adjourn? How are we to know
that is true until the Senate has determined
that it is ready to adjourn at some time which
it shall name ? We never have done it. The
idea in legislative practice of informing the
President of the United States from either
House of Congress that we had accomplished
our business and were ready to adjourn, until
we had fixed a time when we would do that,
unless some extraordinary event intervened
on his suggestion, I think is entirely without
precedent, and the Senator from Ohio, whose
legislative experience is much longer than
mine, knows it a great deal better than I do.
Therefore, Mr. President, unless we are to
enter upon an entirely new field of practice,
and are to turn everything upside down in
order to accommodate the views of what has
appeared to be a very considerable minority
of this body, reversing a judgment of the Sen-
ate that was taken three or four days ago, we
ought to do things in the ordinary, regular way.
When this proposition is taken np, if it shall
be, those gentlemen who wish to carry the
resolution for releasing at once these persons
who we have decided should stay until they
answered, for a reasonable time at least, can
move to put the day otf, if they please, till the
4th of July or any other time that suits them
in respect to getting a vote upon the question
which they desire to present. But as we have
concluded the business which, as we under-
stand, was the business for which we were con-
vened, X think the proper and regular and
ordinary thing is to fix some day aud hour
when, unless the President of the United States
has something further to communicate, we may
adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr._ MORTON. I ask him if it is not a
little illogical first to fix the time when we will
positively adjourn, and then ask the President
if he has anymore business; whether it would
not be a little more logical first to ask him if
he has any more business, and if he has not,
then fix a time to adjourn?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it would be a
good deal more logical; there is nothing like
logic when it suits one's purpose; but the
Senator from Indiana knows that he has made
a good many motions of this character, and
that he never made one of that sort. He knows
perfectly well that there never has been an
instance when we have communicated to the
President that we had finished the business
winch we were desirous to perform, and that
we had agreed to adjourn at a certain time,
until we had first fixed the time when the two
Houses were willing to do it. Now I pause
and wait for him to tell me if he knows of any
instance to the contrary.
Mr. MORTON. I do not remember very
much about the precedents ; I have not paid
any attention to them; but it occurred to me
that for us first to fix the time when we would
positively adjourn, and then ask him if he had
any business for us to do, which might keep
us perhaps after that, was not a very orderly
course. I would suggest that we first ask the
question, and if he says he has nothing more
for us we can adjourn at our leisure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask the Senator
if he ever heard of that particular course which
he now in his wisdom has suggested ?
Mr. MORTON. I am not familiar with the
precedents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator does not
choose to answer the question. In other words,
he knows the suggestion he made is contrary
to the whole practice of legislative bodies.
But the candor of the Senator, because he
sometimes has candor, if not at all times—
and I will say he has at all times—ought to
persuade him that it is not necessary in order
to discharge these people that we should
turn someiset in every other one of the prac-
tices of the Senate as well as this. That is
all there is to it. If there is such a great
stake to be played for here that every one
of the usages of this body and of all legisla-
tive bodies is to be turned upside down in
advance, then let us say so squarely and
make our obeisance accordingly, if not, let
us do what is usual and ordinary in such cases ;
and if Senators find that they cannot have
acted upon any subject that they desire to act
upon, by a majority, before that time comes,
then let them extend it, as legislative assemblies
frequently have done.
The point is to ascertain from the President
in the usual way whether he has any further
communication to make to us and desires our
further sitting here, and to inform him that
we propose, if there is nothing to intervene, to
adjourn at some particular time. That is all
there is to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to postpone the pending order and take
up the resolution offered by him.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 19, noes 30.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques.
tion is on the resolution ol tne Senator lrom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] upon which the
Senator from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend yield to
me for a moment, as I wish to make a remark
or two not connected with the merit# of the
subjects which are to be discussed?
Mr.CHANDLER, Certainly,Iwillgiveway.
Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. President, the mat-
ter before the Senate, as seen by the public,
has been beclouded and incumbered with alle-
gations so unfounded as to merit correction.
Some of these inventions relate to me, and
were they wholly personal in their effect no
notice of them here would be appropriate.
They relate, however, to acts done, if done at
all, in my representative character; and noth-
ing is plainer than the duty of a representative
to hold himself responsible at all times to his
constituents, and to answer to them for all pub-
lic or official acts. I therefore improve this
opportunity to say something of my connec-
tion with the pending inquiry, meaning and
wishing to take the whole responsibility of
every part of my participation in it. The in-
vestigation was not suggested or originated by
me, nor by the Senator from Wisconsin. It
originated in executive session, and therefore,
under the rules of the Senate, I am at liberty
to say only that the betrayal of the treaty and
the need of an investigation were not brought
to the notice of the Senate by the Senator
from Wisconsin nor by me. Indeed, I heard
for the first time in the Senate that an alleged
copy of the treaty had been matie public. The
statement was that a newspaper in Cincinnati
and a newspaperin New York had published it.
This was the day after the publication, and
was my first information on the subject. I
had seen neither newspaper, and did not see
either until the committee had been raised to
investigate, nor had I ever heard a suspicion of
the hand or the means by which the document
found its way to the public.
The Vice President did me the honor to
place me on the committee. This was done
without consultation with me, and without
knowledge or wish on my part. I was not
present at the first meeting of the committee
until after the witnesses, White and Ramsdell,
had refused to testify, and it was when they
were recalled to hear the judgment of the com-
mittee as to their obligation to answer that I
first came to know who they were. Until
then they were entire strangers to inc. I had
never seen either of them to my remembrance,
as acquaintances, or as persons known to me
as correspondents of any newspaper, or even
by name. They refused to state the very fact
the committee was ordered by the Senate to
ascertain, although they knew the fact, and I
concurred with the other members of the com-
mittee that we were bound to report them to the
Senate as in contempt, and to be dealt with
accordingly. This was the unanimous report
of the committee, the Senator from Kentucky
alone being absent at the tune, and he express-
ing his concurrence afterward on the floor of
the Senate. The report was. right; any other
report would have been wrong.
The refusal of the witnesses to testify left
but one course to the committee, and the
report of the committee left, as it seemed to
me, but the alternatives to the Senate, either
to abandon the investigation just ordered, or
to maintain the law which declares that wit-
nesses shall answer. The question was wholly
judicial, we having no more to do with per-
sonal feeling in acting upon it than the judge
on the bench, or the juror in the box, has to
do with personal feeling for or against the
parties to a case he is called on to decide.
In the Senate, however, a discussion arose,
and took such direction as to imply that the
question might be made to depend in some
way upon the relations of the witnesses, or of
the newspaper employing them, to members
of the Senate. Such a suggestion seemed to
me quite foreign and fallacious; still, it de-
termined me to abstain from the participation
in the proceeding which naturally devolved on
me as a member of the committee. The chair-
man of the committee had a right to expect me
to share with him the labor of the debate, and
ordinarily I would, of course, have rendered
him any aid in my power. In view, however,
of the attitude of one of the newspapers in
question toward me, so well known to Sen-
ators, and to its leaders generally, it seemed
to me better that I should abstain from the
discussion, lest my words might appear to be
influenced bv feeling, and not wholly prompted
by an impartial sense of duty. My silence,
XIr. President, has been for the reason stated,
and not from auy wish to shun the work or
the responsibility the Senate laid upon me.
One otherremark. During my absence from
the Chamber my colleague caused to be read
from a Washington paper a paragraph stating
that suspicion had fallen upon him, and that
the suspicion emanated wholly or in part from,
me, or that I had given it currency. Had my
colleague shown me the paragraph, or called
attention to it in my hearing, I should have
told him, as I need hardly tell the Senate now,
that the statement was destitute of truth, a
fabrication as sheer as the other newspaper
statements we have lately seen of somewhat
similar character, and which 1 think can hardly
have imposed upon the credulity of any one.
