894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I have
a very few remarks to make, and I may as well
make them now. I asked the chairman of the
committee this morning whether any progress
had been made by the committee in ascertain-
ing who is the regular reporter for the execu-
tive sessions of the Senate. It is well known
to every Senator who has been a member of
this body for the last ten years that we have a
regular reporter for executive sessions, and
that he must be a man of the most extraordin-
ary memory, for his reports have been sub-
stantially as perfect as those of Mr. Murphy.
No matter how long the session of the Senate
in executive session may have been, his re-
ports have been full and substantially accurate,
with so little variation that it almost required
a magnifying glass to find the discrepancy,
which was evidently placed there on purpose
to enable him to deny that the reports ema-
nated from any member of the Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to narrow the
circle for that committee in their search for this
reporter for the Senate. In the first place, this
reporter is not an employ^ of the body, because
the same one who reports the executive sessions
of the Senate likewise reports the Republican
caucuses, and his reports are just as accurate
and just as minute as to proceedings of Repub-
lican caucuses as they are of executive ses-
sions of the Senate, and the employes of the
Senate are never admitted into Republican
caucuses. It is not a Democrat, for the same
reason. We never admit Democrats into a
Republican caucus. Hence, the Democrats of
this body are all excluded from this category.
Then, again, Mr. President, it is not a new
member of this body, for we have had the
same reporter for more than ten years. For
that period, at least, these careful reports of
our executive sessions and of the doings in
Republican caucuses have been regularly dis-
closed ; and it makes no difference whether
an executive session is four hours long or
whether a Republican caucus is four hours
long, whether one man speaks or fifty men
speak, his memory is so absolutely unfailing
and trained that the report appears in extenso
in the newspapers of the next morning.
Now, Mr. President, having narrowed the
circle of investigation, I hope that this com-
mittee will continue its examinations until the
reporter for the Senate is found ; for, sir, I ven-
ture the assertion that in the forty millions of
people in the United States you cannot find ten
men having a sufficient memory to make these
reports. The accuracy with which they are
made is absolutely marvelous, and I desire
that this committee should continue its invest-
igations until this man is found, in order that
he may be expelled from this body and that
the Republican caucuses may be relieved from
his presence.
Why, Mr. President, this reporter for ten
years treated me with absolute fairness, and
always treated me so until a debate sprang up
in executive session—of course I cannot allude
to that except to say that it was in the case of
the minister to Stockholm, Mr. Creamer—and
the next morning, although our session was
four hours long, the report was generally accu-
rate, except that I seemed to have lost the good
will of the reporter and I was most grossly
misrepresented. I came in the next day and
watched, for I did not believe it possible, I
did not believe the man lived who could have
written that report from memory, and I sat
here during the whole of the next day's debate
and not a note was taken, not a line was writ-
ten", and yet the following morning the report
was us full and as accurate as though Mr.
Murphy had sat there and taken it down, so far
as all the leading points were concerned. But,
sir, I was unfortunate; for some reason or
other I had come under the ban of the reporter
for the Senate.
Now, sir, no man is safe with this reporter
for the Senate, because no man knows him.
He shoots with an air-gun, from behind an
ambuscade, at every member of this body,
each of whom is as liable as I was to come
under his displeasure, and the moment that
occurs woe to that unfortunate Senator. This
reporter is as malignant as the grave when he
takes a dislike, and no man may escape his
injustice. Sir, I want this investigation to
go on.
I desire to say, right here, that since a week
ago Wednesday the regular reporter for the
Senate has not reported a line. Take, for
instance, the speech of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] a
week ago last Friday; look at the report of
that speech from the regular reporter, and
then take the miserable apology that appeared
in the New York press of his speech on last
Friday, only one week later. The reporter
for the Senate had abdicated, and he has not
written a line since a week ago last Wednes-
day; when I stated in the debate that when
found he would be expelled. Then he
stopped; but he is liable to commence again ;
there is no reliance that he will not, and I
desire the press to state that no reliance what-
ever can be placed upon the reports that are
being sent out now; not the least in the world.
You must get back your regular reporter or
else you must stop reporting for the executive
sessions. Your present statements are a bur-
lesque upon the debates. Your old reporter
was accurate; your new one knows nothing.
It is not worth while to say that Senators are
leaky. My honorable friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] said that he sometimes
let slip a remark. I am not talking about
the man who sometimes lets slip a remark.
To let slip a remark is one thing; it may be
done carelessly; it may be done thoughtlessly.
That is not the man I am after; it is the man
who deliberately sits down and furnishes a
connected report. That man I want, and I
want to bring him to condign punishment;
and I want that committee to continue its
investigations until it finds him. The circle
is well narrowed, and I call upon the commit-
tee to do its duty.
Why, sir, I have no doubt that that regular
reporter, if |>ut upon the stand, could get up
and swear that he never wrote a line. He
does not write lines, he dictates; that is all.
I venture to say that he could swear that not
one of his speeches in executive session was
ever reported correctly. I have not a doubt
of it, but every single one of those speeches
is reported substantially correct, as you will see
if you go back as I have done. I have been
four months investigating this thing. I have
gone back and looked over these reports for
ten years. I made up my mind that as I had
been soeunfortunate as to incur the ill-will of
this regular reporter I would try to hunt him
up, and I have been investigating. Now, sir,
if you will go back as I have done, through
the past ten years, and look over these reports
for the press of executive sessions and of the
Republican caucuses, you will find, as I have
done, that they are all written or dictated by
the same individual.
And, Mr. President, with this circle thus
narrowed, I feel perfectly confident that the
committee will be enabled to report to this
body who tlie reporter for the Senate is; and
I would be perfectly willing to go into per-
petual session with this body and never leave
Washington until we found him out. No man
is safe, no member of this body is safe, every
man in this body is disgraced until you ascer-
tain who that reporter is, for the imputation
rests upon us that we are all leaky. It used
to be said in old times,'as a sort of by-word,
and often a slander of the sex, that a person
is " as leaky as an old woman." 1 have known
ladies who could keep a secret—a great many
of them; but that is all changed now, and "as
leaky as a Senator" is tha remark now. We
must find the man.
PUBLICATION OS" TREATY 01? WASHINGTON.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I am
instructed to make a report, and as it is short
I ask to have it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin makes a report from the
committee of investigation and asks to have
it read. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The special committee of the Senate appointed
under Senate resolution, adopted May 12,1871, to
investigate certain matters mentioned in said reso-
lution, respectfully report, in part, that they have
examined John M. Morris, Joim H. Elagg, George
W. Adam?, W. P. Tisdell, Charles S. Taft, M. R.
Shankland, W. J. McDonald, N. F. Ethell, Henry
T. Brian, J. C. Bancroft Davis, Richard J. Hinton,
and Senators Edmunds, Mokton, Howe, and Conk-
ling, and Whitelaw Reid, and their testimony is
hereto attached and made part of this report.
A copy of the testimony of Z. L. White and H. J.
Ramsdell, so far as said witnesses would testify
before said committee, is also attached to this report
and made part thereof.
That on the 22d day of May instant your com-
mittee met at the Capitol, at seven p. m. of thatday,
for the purpose of proceeding with the said invest-
igation, and Charles A. Tinker, who had been duly
summoned to attend as a witness before said com-
mittee, then and there appeared, and submitted to
be examined as such witness, and, having been first
duly sworn by the chairman of said committee, cer-
tain questions, proper and pertinent to the invest-
igation ordered by the Senate to be made by said
committee, were propounded by said committee to
said witness, which he then and there refused to
answer, as shown by the notes of his examination
hereto attached and made part of this report.
That on the 23d day of May instant, at seven
o'clock p. m., the committee again met at the smoio
place, for the purpose aforesaid, and Joseph A.
Kirby, who had been duly summoned as a witness,
appeared before said committee and then and tlieie
submitted to be examined as a witness before said
committee, and, having been first duly sworn by said "
chairman, certain questions were propounded to him,
which wero proper and pertinent to the investiga-
tion ordered by said resolution of the Senate, which
he then and there refused to answer, as shown bv
the notes of his examination hereto attached and
made part of this report.
Your committee therefore report that the said
Tinker and the said Kirby are in contempt of the
Senate for their refusal to answer said questions.
MATT. H. CARPENTER, Chairman.
GARRETT DAVIS.
ROSCOE CONICLING,
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see that the evidence
is made part of the report. I should like to
hear it read, certainly that of the Senators and
those employes of the Senate who are men-
tioned ; I think I recognize two names, that of
Mr. Taft and of some other gentleman whose
name I do notremember atthis moment—some
clerk of a committee whose name I saw men-
tioned in the papers as having some knowledge
about this matter. I should like the Secretary
to read the testimony of all the Senators and
of all the employes of the Senate who are men-
tioned.
Mr. STEWART. We might as well have it
all read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the public are
entitled to have it.. Let us see what truth we
can get as it is now.
Mr. SUMNER. It will take until after dark
to read that testimony.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But let me suggest to
the Senator from Massachusetts whether it is
not proper it should be read, if it should take
until after dark. One of the greatest things
in the worid, except when you get it through
witnesses, is to get at the truth. When you
come to witnesses, it seems to be much better
to get it in some other way; but in a report it
is well to get it as far as we can. Let us see
what the Senators and employ6s have said.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont calls for the reading of the
testimony of Senators and employes of the
Senate. The testimony referred to will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the testimony of Hon.
George F. Edmunds, as follows:
Hon. George F. Edmunds sworn and examined,
By the Chairman :
Question. You are a member of the Senate of the
United States?
Answer, I am.
