1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
removal of their political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution.
By Mr. CARROLL: The petition of An-
drew M. Mullen and 42 others, citizens of
Schenectady, New York, praying for a read-
justment and increase of the tariff on all im-
portations of machinery manufactured of iron
or steel.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : A petition
of the citizens of Ashtabula county, Ohio,
praying that a grant of land may be made to
soldiers, sailors, and marines.
By Mr. HAMBLETON : The memorial of
Mrs. Jane Hatch, heir of Preserved Fish, of
Baltimore city, and others, praying indemnity
for depredations committed by the private and
public armed vessels of France upon the prop-
erty of citizens of the United States from 1793
to 1801.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of
Elijah Jones, a citizen of Tennessee, eighty-
two years old, praying to be discharged from
the Army of the United States, and to be paid
for his services during the rebellion.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of Jona-
than VV. Eck and William T. Freas, of Colum-
bia county, Pennsylvania, praying for relief
as sureties of Reuben Miller.
By Mr. MOREY: The petition of ex-Gov-
ernor R. C. Wickliffe, of Bayou Sara, Louisi-
ana, asking relief from the political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The petition of Joseph
Finch & Co., of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing relief from payment of revenue tax.
Also, the petition of Belinda Craig, for relief.
By Mr. PARKER : The petition of 252 sol-
diers and sailors in the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, praying Congress
to pass a law giving to all soldiers and sail-
ors, or their widows and orphans, who enlisted
in the service of the United States and were
killed, died of disease, or were honorably dis
charged, a warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land, in such form that they may be
located by the holders thereof or their agents,
and not requiring them to live upon the land
in order to get title to it.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: A petition bear-
ing the signatures of 288 citizens and residents
of Van Buren county, Michigan, representing
that drunkenness is the giant evil and parent
of most of the vices that are obstructions to
the beneficence of our free institutions, and
that the time has come when the national
sentiment would be pleased with a pronounced
and decided position in favor of sobriety.
They therefore ask for such action as will sub-
ject all officers of the United States Govern-
ment to impeachment and removal for volun-
tary drunkenness.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The memorial of John W. Trump, adminis-
trator of Benjamin Huggins, of Pennsylvania,
deceased, for payment for French spoliations
prior to 1800.
By Mr. TWICHELL: A resolution of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in relation to the
repeal of the duties on coal.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 21, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
message from this house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following con-
current resolution, in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives be authorized to
closo the present session by adjourning their respect-
ive Houses on the 23d day of March instant, at twelve
o'clock, noon.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 74) relating to moneys paid
into the courts of the United States; and
A bill (S. No. 119) to further regulate the
publication of the specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office.
joint committee on southern disorders.
The VICE PRESIDENT, under the twenty
fourth rule, laid before the Senate, the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
resolution of the Senate for the appointment
of a joint committee to inquire into the con-
dition of aS'airs in the late insurrectionary
Slates.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the resolving clause and insert the following:
Thata jointcommittee consisting of seven Senators
and fourteen Representatives bo appointed, whose
duty it shall be ta inquire into the condition of the
late insurrectionary States so far as regards the exe-
cution of the laws and the safety of the lives and
property of the citizens of the United States, with
leave to repirt at any time during the next or any
subsequent session of Congress the result of their
investigation to either or both Houses of Congress,
with such recommendations as they may deem expe-
dient; that said committee bo authorized to employ
clerks and stenographers, to sit during the recess,
and to send for persons and papers, to administer
oaths and take testimony, and to visit at their dis-
cretion, through sub-committees, any portions of
said States during tho recess of Congress ; and all
expenses of said committee shall be paid out of
the contingent fund of tho Senate, upon vouchers
approved by the chairman of said committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose that must be
taken together as one amendment. There
are two changes that the House of Repre
sentatives make in our resolution which are
certainly unobjectioflable, but there is one
which is rather important; and that is, they
strike out the provision in the Senate resolu-
tion that the committee shall have authority
to print and make public from time to time
the results of their investigations.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall not concur
in that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island is still on the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a vote on the
amendments separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Rhode Island yield to the Senator from
Indiana?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I think the amendment is
a very important one. and virtually defeats one
of the principal purposes of the resolution.
I hope we shall not agree to it.
Mr. THURJIAN. I understand this to be
but one amendment. It is to strike out our
resolution and insert another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, and the
question is on concurrence.
Mr. HILL. 1 did not hear the previous
remark of the chairman of the committee. It
PQPfl nP(l inp
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island took the floor and made a sug-
gestion, but made no motion. The question
is on concurring in tiie amendment of the
House of Representatives. That question arises
under parliamentary law. A motion to amend
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives will, of course, be in order. The Sen-
ator from Georgia is now upon the floor.
Mr. IHLL. I will not offer an amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it meets the approba-
tion of those Senators who have the matter
particularly in charge I will move to amend
the amendment by restoring the clause stricken
out by the House, giving the committee author-
ity to print and make public, from tune to
time, the results of their investigations during
tHo recess
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
question of concurrence the Senator from
Rhode Island moves to amend the amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. By adding the words
"to print and make public, from time to time
duriug the recess, the results of their investi-
gations."
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Rhode
Island has given the words correctly as they
stood in the Senate resolution : '' and to print
and make public, from time to time duringthe
recess, the results of their investigations."
He moves to restore those words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is proposed
to add those words to the House amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
to put the amendment in this form: "and
said committee shall have power to print aud
make public, from time to time during the
recess, the results of their investigations;" to
come in at the end of the House amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; let those
words be inserted, to come in at the end, as the
Senator from New York suggests.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves to amend the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives by add-
ing " and said committee shall have power to
printand make public, from time to time during
the recess, the results of their investigations."
Mr. THURMAN. That strikes me as a
very novel proposition.
Mr. ANTHONY. Thatistheway wepassedit.
Mr. THURMAN. It entirely escaped my
observation. I f I had noticed it in the original
resolution I should have submitted some re-
marks upon it and have asked the Senate to
strike it out. The committee is to make pub-
lic from time to time during the recess of Con-
gress tho result of its investigations; it is
to report to the people from time to time, to
publish the results of the investigation ; that
is, they are at the public expense to make a
set of electioneering documents to go before
the public, not for the benefit of Congress—
because they can make their report on the first
day of the next session in ample time for it to
be considered by Congress—but they are to
print at tho public expense, to be paid out o-f
the contingent fund of the Senate, from time to
time as political exigencies may require, such
statements as a majority of the committee may
declare to be the results of their investigation 1
Mr. CONKLING. For the interest of what
political party, may I ask?
Mr. THURMAN. Well, for the interest of
no political party that is governed by right
principle. I am not willing to trust the com-
mittee with any such power. I believe that
almost the whole of this thing is a simple
attempt to manufacture political and partisan
capital; and I am not willing to trust any body
of men, Senators or others, with the power to
go traveling around and issuing from time to
time political bulletins to affect the elections
of the country. What business have we to do
any such thing as that? Who has made us the
publishers of partisan pamphlets at the public
expense to influence elections? No. sir ; if
this investigation is in good faith, if it is for
the purpose of enlightening the Senate and
enlightening the House of Representatives, so
that we may be enabled to pass such laws as
we have constitutional power to pass, that
object will be achieved by the committee
making its report to the Senate and to the
House of Representatives at tho meeting of
the next session of Congress.
Then there will be time to consider it; and
this thing of giving us homeopathic or allo-
pathic doses of this traveling and roaming
commission during the whole of the summer
is a thing. I take it, unheard of, and that has i:o
justification whatsoever. 1 do not care how
honestly they may attempt to exercise it; men
are but men. The majority of the committee
will have their views ; they will have their pre-
judices; they will be biased, perhaps uncon-
sciously, by their prejudices; and now, without
having finished any investigation at all, but
going along from time to time as they may find
one or another place where they think they
