1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
(Indorsement on tho preceding statement.)
Deah Sik : The within is a copy of the memoran-
dum kept by Mr. Dimon, confidential clerk to the
Assistant Secretary of State, of the names of Sen-
ators to whom advance copies of the treaty were
given. It was sent to me by order of Mr. Davis. I
will thank you to attach it to my statement given to
you to-day.
Yours, truly,
0. P. MORTON.
Senator Cakpknteb.J
Before the reading of the testimony of Sen-
ator Morton was concluded,
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am told
that this testimony cannot be read under three
hours.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask if it is
in order to read this when another matter is
pending.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that it will be con-
tinued, at least until the reading of my testi-
mony is through, and let all go together.
Mr. FENTON. It can all be printed, if
that be desired.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator from Indi-
ana desires that the reading of his deposition
shall be concluded I shall not interpose; but
I understand a motion will be made to print,
and if any Senator desires a specific statement
of what the testimony is I have no doubt the
chairman of the committee will give it to him
if requested so to do ; but that we should sit
here for three hours to hear all that testimony
read strikes me as a very useless consumption
of time.
Mr. CONKLTNG. The Senator from Ver-
mont, who asked for this reading, is out; but
I am sure that his request comprehended no
such length of testimony as the Senator from
Ohio indicates. My impression is that more
than half, in length, of the testimony which
the Senator from Vermont asked to have read
has been read now.
As to the suggestion made by the Senator
from Massachusetts, manifestly this is in order.
I submit to him, as it is a privileged question,
and the testimony being part of the report, of
course it is as much in order, if any Senator
insists upon it, to have one part read as another.
The Senator from Indiana has a perfect right
to have his testimony read, and I have a perfect
right to have mine read.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not deny that. I
did not observe that the Senator from Vermont
was out; but what I suppose every one will
see is that we ought not to sit here for three
hours to hear all this testimony read.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to take any
advantage of the absence of the Senator from
Vermont; but I do hope that we shall not have
to listen to the reading much longer at any
rate. We have a question before us that I
think it is important to act upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was my friend from
Massachusetts saying? I was called out to
see a person.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) A proposition was made to sus-
pend the reading of the testimony.
Mr. MORTON. I think it is due to the
Senators, whose testimony is being read, and to
the whole Senate also, inasmuch as a portion
of it is read, that that of Mr. J. C. B. Davis
should be read.
Mr. EDMONDS. I think so, too; and I
think it is due to all the Senators whose names
have been mentioned in connection with the
baseness that somebody has perpetrated, either
in the Senate or out of it, that the testimony
of all those whose names have been referred to
in print—I am one of them, and my friend
from Indiana isanother—should be read ; and
the testimony of the employes of the Senate
who have in any manner been acquainted with
or connected with those Senators in any degree
should be read as a matter of simple justice.
I do not know what the testimony is; but let
it be read plainly here in the face of the world
and let us see what it is. 1 insist upon the
reading going on.
Mr. SHERMAN. Documents are sent to
42d Gong. 1st Sess.-—Ifa. 51.
us of the highest character, involving infinitely
greater consideration than this, almost every
day, and they are ordered to be printed without
being read. It would be practically impossible
to conduct the business of this body if all doc-
uments sent to us by the executive authorities
or communicated to us by the other House
were read. Now, it does seem to me that Sen-
ators ought to be willing to forego the reading
of this testimony, which we are not in a con-
dition to listen to patiently if read, which we
can examine at our leisure, and the general
results are stated by the committee; no doubt
correctly stated.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no result stated.
The committee simply report the testimony
Mr. SHERMAN. But the general result
we can act upon. I intend at the proper time
to offer a modification of the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts, which I hope will
be acceptable to the Senate, and that we shall
adopt it and be allowed to go away. As the
committee itself does not propose any affirm-
ative action, or any resolution, or any further
inquiry, as a matter of course we are left to
make such propositions as seem to us to be
right and proper. I trust the Senate will not
weary themselves by a reading which will be
ineffective. Very few attend to it. Even my
friend from Vermont, who called for the read-
ing of this paper, during its reading went off,
and has been absent during the reading of
most of it. Is it proper that we should punish
ourselves here at this hour of the session listen-
ing to this testimony?
Mr. CONKLING. It will take less time to
read it than we have consumed in talking about
it. It will not take fifteen minutes to read
what was asked for.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it will take a great
deal of time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Ohio
is through I should like to take the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion that
the further reading of the papers be dispensed
with, and that they be printed. That is a par-
liamentary motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before I make the point
of order on the motion, that I have a right to
have that paper read as part of the report of
this committee, which is perfectly plain, I wish
to suggest to the honorable Senator from Ohio,
who has done me the honor to comment on the
fact that I was called out for a moment touch-
ing a matter of proper public interest, that he
himself has sometimes felt it necessary to be
absent from the Senate. Wre have within a
week considered matters of high public im-
portance where his great learning and deserv-
edly great position in the country would have
been of ineffable advantage to us; but some-
thing or other took him away for a little, and
we are not altogether sure but that we have
gone wrong in his absence. Like the Amer-
icans at Bladensburg who did not like the
battle, he went away, not that lie did not like
the battle; but I think it is not altogether
graceful (if the honorable Senator will permit
me to suggest it to him) for him to remark
upon my going out of the Senate for a min-
ute on the card of a gentleman who had a
right to speak to me upon a subject of public
concern while this paper was being read, I
being a witness and having some knowledge
of the testimony that was being read, and to
remark upon that as a reason why the reading
should not continue.
But enough of that. I know my friend from
Ohio did not intend any improper reflection on
thatsubject; neitherdol uponhim. Weareall
obliged sometimes to go out of the Senate for
a time. But this is a part of the report of this
committee. The newspapers of the country-
have laid before the country the names of
sundry Senators as being connected with cir-
cumstances which might make it possible for
them to have been guilty of an impropriety.
That subject we have undertaken to investi-
gate, in order either to reprimand any person
who may have been guilty among us, or to
show that we had not been guilty of any im-
propriety at all. Now, the committee report
this testimony. It is due, in my judgment,
in common fairness, to those of us whose
names have been brought into connection with
this subject, that the testimony of the persons
most nearly connected with it—ourselves and
that of the employes of the Senate—should be
read here publicly, if it takes a week, because
it is a matter of propriety and duty. Time
has nothing at all to do with it, in my opin-
ion. The newspaper press, who have been
impugned in a certain sense, and who have a
right to their opinions, and who, so long as
they try, as I have no doubt the largest num-
ber of them do, to tell the truth, will always
have my respect and support—the press have
a right to it. It is right that this thing now,
so far as we can get at it from this testimony,
should be made public, by being plainly read
so that we can understand it.
Now, Mr. President, on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio I make the point of order
that this being a part of the report of this com-
mittee, it is not competent under the rules to
dispense with the reading of it. I have a right
to have it read as part of the report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have that
rule read. I know of no rule, but perhaps
there is one, that places it beyond the power
of a majority of the Senate at any time to dis-
pense with the reading of a particular docu-
ment. If there is a rule which compels us to
sit here and listen to this testimony, I should
like to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye.)
The Chair was about to suggest that he sup-
poses the Senate is the proper judge of whether
the reading of a paper shall continue; and the
Chair holds that it is in order to make the
motion that the Senator from Ohio has made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I hope it will be
voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is for the
Senate to say whether they will suspend the
reading or not.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Vermont
says that he hopes the motion of the Senator
from Ohio will be voted down. I hope it will
be voted up. I do not think it is necessary to
weary the Senate with reading this evidence.
It will find its way into the public press; it
will be published as a public document. We
shall all have the privilege, those of us who
choose to do so, of reading it. I do not think
we ought to weary ourselves at this hour of
the day in reading it. But there is another
and a greater reason even than that to do so
will require us to go without our dinners or
will weary us, and that is this: there is a reso-
lution pending before thg body to discharge
two persons held in the custody of the Senate,
and I want to get the sense of the Senate
fairly and squarely upon that question. I do
not want to postpone it to a late hour.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is no more
anxious (although his reasons may be differ-
ent) than I am to get to an end of this busi-
ness ; and if he will pardon me the suggestion,
knowing as I do something about the length
of this testimony, I beg to say to him thatmore
time is being now consumed than it would take
to read so much of the testimony as the Sen-
ator from Vermont demanded the reading of.
1 merely mention that fact to my friend that
he may accommodate himself to it.
Mr. WILSON. Iam obliged to the Senator
for the suggestion ; and if that be the case, and
the Senate choose to vote down this motion,
very well. I only want to reach the main ques-
tion and do what I think is an act of justice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, the
Chair will pardon me if I say that I am some-
what surprised at its decision on this matter
