1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
<or which she seeks. I believe, too, that a per-
fectly fair and complete investigation, made
under no bias to State results for partisan pur-
poses, will be a benefit to the South, and that
the sooner the true state of facts shall be
known the better it will be, not only for.the
South, but for the whole United States. I
believe that as firmly as anybody, not that I
suppose it possible that this committee will
not bring forth a mass of testimony showing
that outrages have been committed here and
there. Appoint a roving commission to go
over the northern States, with power to find
and inquire whether person and property ijre
safe, whether outrages are committed or not,
and what a body of testimony could such a
committee accumulate!
But when it comes to the North, nothing is
said ; there is no clamor whatsoever. Eight
men can be taken, as they were not ten days
ago, out of a prison in one of the western States,
a State preeminently loyal, four of them shot
and the remainder hung up by the heels until
they were dead, and it creates no word of com-
ment in the Senate of the United States. There
is no clamor for investigation there. There is
no committee appointed to investigate any
such thing as that. Sixty or seventy men in
the Senator's own State of Indiana can take
citizens out of jail and hang theim up by the
neck until they are dead, and not one of them
even arrested for the offense, and there is no
commotion over the North, there is no motion
in either branch of Congress, there is no inquiry
into it, but all is as placid here as the sky
that is over our heads. When, however, it
comes to. the South, when it is necessary to
make out that the South is still in rebellion,
when it is necessary to agitate the public mind
of the North, when it is necessary to carry
elections by diverting the attention of the peo-
ple from the subjects which ought to engage
their attention, when it is necessary to make
them forget the burden of taxation under which
they labor, when it is necessary to make them
forget the revenue reform which they demand,
•when it is necessary to make them shut their
eyes to the abuses of Government, when that
is the ease, then it is the custom to once more
sound the trumpet of war against the pros-
trate South. That, sir, we have seen, and seen
too much of.
The Senator from Indiana says that this
investigation has been opposed by the Dem-
ocracy at every step. Why, sir, was there ever
a, more unfounded assertion? What Democrat
in this Seriate voted against investigation?
Mr. MORTON. 1 ask the Senator, when I
offered tiie resolution to appoint that commit-
tee, if it was no top posed, I will not say fiercely,
because that would be hardly parliamentary;
but was it not opposed bitterly during a dis-
cussion of half a day here, which was suddenly
tei minuted the next day for some reason, I did
not know why? ft was opposed in bitter
speeches, and I was even assailed, almost per-
sonally, for having offered the resolution.
Mr. THUKMAN. I must deny that it was
opposed* Of course it gave rise to remark;
of course it gave rise to comment; but that
there was any disposition to oppose the in-
vestigation I deny, and I challenge the Sen-
ator to point to one single Democrat who voted
against the investigation. There was none.
And so in regard to the resolution that we sent
to the House of Representatives for a joint
committee. I believe not one man on this side
of the Chamber voted against it. I certainly
would have voted against it if I had discovered
that this clause was in it. I certainly would
have voted and spoken against it if I had known
that; but that escaped my observation, and I,
with every other Democrat on this floor i be-
lieve, voted for the resolution. There has been
no attempt to check it. There is no member
of theSenate who has more sternly denounced,
to the best of his ability, Ku IClux outrages
than I have done—not to-day, not yesterday,
but from the very first time that I took a seat
in this Chamber. I want order and peace. I
know very well that every outrage that is com-
mitted there is magnified a hundred fold for
party purposes, and that every such outrage
that is committed there serves as a pretext to
put the heel of military power upon that pros-
trate people and to crush out anything like
freedom of election. I know it; and I know
that those people stand in their own light. I
know that they are doing what their adver-
saries cannot do : t.hey are endangering them-
selves and endangering iheir people and en-
dangering their country by these outrages that
are committed. But I do deny that the per-
sons that commit, those outrages are representa-
tive people of the southern States. I chal-
lenge any man on this floor from the southern
States to say whether the truth is, or is not,
that the great mass of the people, the educa-
tion, the wealth, the social standing of the
South is just as much opposed to these Ku
Klux outrages as any man that treads this
earth I
Why, sir, it is not a year ago since we had
a speech from the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Pool.] And what did he tell us?
Did he tell us that the education, the wealth,
the social standing of his State gave counten-
ance to these outrages? If my recollection
is right he told us precisely the reverse. Why,
sir, it is human nature that that class of people
should be opposed to them. Those who have
an interest in the country, those who have an
interest in the prosperity of their State, those
who have property to be preserved by law and
order, those whohave liberties to be protected,
those who have rights that they cherish, are the
last men in this world, in any community, to give
sanction to acts of violence of this kind. And
when you undertake to attribute to the whole
southern people the acts of a few had men
you are simply seizing hold of these casual or
incidental outrages to blacken whole communi-
ties and to misrepresent whole States. That
is the truth of it.
But again, sir, the Senator from Indiana
says that my opposition to this publication
admits that if these offenses are committed
there, the disclosure of the fact will injure the
Democratic party. Why, what a remark was
that! What a fair statement was that 1 Injure
the Democratic party 1 No, sir; the Demo-
cratic party has been a party of law and order
from its foundation. If it has any fanaticism
at all it is a fanatical love of the Constitution
and the institutions of the country. If it has
ever stopped in the path of progress it is
because there lay across that path the Consti-
tution of the Republic. The Democratic parly
in favor of violence, forsooth 1 Cannot the
Senator recollect when the streets of Balti-
more ran red with bloodshed by Know-Nothing
myrmidons—the blood of Democrats ? Cannot
ho recollect when houses devoted to religion
were given to the flames and women turned
out in the cold hours of midnight because
they belonged to a particular faith ? Cannot
he recollect the scenes of Louisville and of
New Orleans? And will he tell me that this
party to which I belong, and which has suf-
fered more from violence than any party that
ever existed in the country, is not a party of
law and of order? No, sir; it will not do.
But these outrages thus committed are but
drops in the bucket compared to organized out-
rage in the name of law, compared to organ-
ized outrage where the military force of the
Government puts its heel, or attempts to put
its heel, upon the free elections of what is
called, by courtesy I suppose, a free_ country.
Again, sir, let us leave these exciting topics
and come down to seethe matter really before
us. I may have been seduced into speaking
more at large on the subject, because paulo
majora canemus; we are very apt to be seduced
into speaking' about that which is greater
instead of that which is less.
Now, sir, what is the committee appointed
for ? It is appointed to obtain information for
Congress npon which Congress is to act. The
only body to which it can make a report is the
Congress of the United States. In the very
nature of things, it can have no function, no
power to make a report to the American peo-
ple. _ That is none of its power, none of its
function, none of its duty; and now we are
invited to appoint a roving commission over
these southern States, to make report of what?
Of testimony? No, that is not the language,
but to make reports of "results." This jury,
before half the evidence is heard, before the
tenth of it perhaps is heard, this jury, with
a partisan majority on one side, is to make a
report, not to the Senate, not to the House of
Representatives, but to the people of the Uni-
ted States, and not of the facts, but of the
results, as a majority may see fit. Does not
anybody see, then, that we may have half
a dozen reports, or at least we :nay have two
reports. A majority may consider the results
of the investigation to be this, the minority
may consider them to be the other, and Con-
gress presents the spectacle of sending a set
of roving commissioners throughout the South
to manufacture political documents to influ-
ence the election! That is the whole of it when
you tear this thin veil of gauze that covers the
transaction away and expose the thing in its
real and true features. To this 1 am opposed.
I am willing to have this investigation, as I
have always been willing; but I want it to be
an investigation suitable to the dignity of the
Senate and the dignity of the House of Rep-
resentatives ; I want it an investigation to lay
evidences before us that we may, to the full
extent ol our constitutional power, apply the
remedy, if a remedy can be devised.
For myself, I have very little faith, I confess,
in any remedy that your laws may provide.
There is already in every single one of these
States law sufficient, if executed, to put down
these outrages if law could put them down—
not one of them. In one of those States—I
forget now which one it is, but I believe it is
Tennessee—it is made justifiable homicide if
any man shoot another who is found in dis-
guise upon the public highway. Can you have
anything stronger than that? Can you make
any law stronger than that? Even in North
Carolina this very Democratic Legislature now
in session has passed one of the most effective
laws, I am told, that could be put on the stat-
ute-book to suppress these very disorders. But
it is merely empirical; he is a mere quack in
politics who thinks that by statutes, acts of
Congress, you can restore peace and order in
any community whatsoever.
No, sir, you must go deeper than that. The
causes that lie at the foundation of these diffi-
culties are patent to any man who has even a
superficial knowledge of history. They are
patent to any man who will reflect for a mo-
ment. There never was a great civil war yet
that did not, as a consequence of it, entail upon
the country in which it occurred the presence
of banditti.
My colleague said the other day that nothing
he had ever read in history was comparable to
the outrages that were now being perpetrated
in the South. That was the substance of his
remark. I know my colleague is a learned
man ; but he must have a frail memory indeed,
or it has been a longtime since he read history,
if that is his conclusion. Does he remember
the state of Italy after the end of the great
civil war there ? Does he remember that from
one end of that peninsula to the other the
whole country was full of banditti? Does he
remember the state of France when Napoleon I
was elected first consul, when it was reported
to him, and reported upon reliable authority,
that there were not less than forty thousand
banditti in France at that time living by vio-
lence, living by plunder, and committing mur-
der with impunity? Why, sir, it cannot be
otherwise, and the most astonishing thing that
I know in all my knowledge "of history, and
the most creditable thing to the American
