898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
of order; for as this is a part of this report
of the committee by express statement of the
committee, it is the subject before the Senate
for consideration, and every Senator, there-
fore, upon every principle of parliamentary
law that I am acquainted with, has a right to
have it read in order that he may be instructed
as to what his vote ought to be upon the pend-
ing proposition. And in fortification of that
position I will suggest to the honorable occu-
pant of the chair that we have a rule—
"That when any paper is presented"—
Not a report of a committee, but a paper
which somebody wants to be read—
"it may be submitted to the Senate whether it shall
be read."
That is another thing; but this is the report
just as if in the midst of the reading of the
text of the report of the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin, so to speak, X had risen and
said, "I move to dispense with the reading of
this report altogether." How could Senators
know whether they should dispense with it or
not until they knew whether it contained mat-
ter that it was important should be known?
And on that very question we should have
been entitled to have it read in order to know
how to vote. But, of course, I do not wish to
appeal from the decision of the Chair upon a
matter of this kind. 1 only say that it is a
matter of justice toward myself and my hon-
orable friend from Indiana, and the other Sen-
ators who had copies of what is said to have
been this treaty : and if the Senate deciinesto
have this read, when we come to consider what
■we ought to do, my friend from Massachusetts
will pardon me, I am sure, if I read as a part of
my remarks—as I think he will agree I have a
right to do—this very testimony that I think it
is right and proper should be read now ; so
that nothing will be gained by undertaking to
stifle this reading, which I feel is due to myself
as one of the supposed culprits; and so I have
no doubt my friend from Indiana feels. It had
better be read here plainly and publicly.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr President, when the
question presented by the report comes up for
consideration, which is not the case now, for
notoriously the report cannot be considered
to-day, it will then be proper for the Senator
from Vermont, or any other Senator, to ask
to have any part of the report read; but it is
certainly contrary to the usage of the Senate
to read reports when they are made. The
excellent reports of the Senator from Vermont
on pensions are not habitually read when he
presents them to the Senate; it is only when
the cases come up that they are then read.
Great questions of public interest are con-
stantly before the Senate on which reports are
made. Nobody asks for the reading of the
report when it is made. I remember but one
or two instances where there has been such
reading during all my service in the Senate.
On the Nebraska bill, in 1854, Mr. Douglas
read his report at the Clerk's desk, and Mr.
Collamer read his minority report immediately
after. I think there has been one instance
since. That was a question already convulsing
the country, and there was great interest in
hearing the statements both of the majority
and the minority.
Now, I see no occasion to take the time of
the Senate on this reportat this moment, espe-
cially when I considerthat the liberty of fellow-
citizens is in question. The reading of this
report postpones the consideration of the reso-
lution which is to open the prison-doors of this
Chamber, to hand over to the liberty which I
think justly belongs to them, fellow-citizens
now detained in custody. I hope, therefore,
that there will be no further delay; that the
further reading of this report will be dispensed
with ; and that we shall proceed with the con-
sideration of the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I will say one word about
this matter. Surely there can be no doubt of
the right of the Senate to dispense with the
further reading of this testimony or of any
report. Take the report made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] on southern
outrages. The testimony made four hundred and
odd pages. Could any Senator have required
that all that testimony should be read?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it his judgment that
the propriety, the legal propriety, 1 mean,
under the rules, of reading the report of a
committee depends on its length?
Mr. THURMAN. I am not talking about
a question of propriety. If the Senator had
waited he would have heard me say that if
there was any Senator here who wants his
testimony read I certainly would be willing
to sit here as long as may be necessary to read
it, because I would not refuse such a request
as that to any Senator or any officer of the
Senate. But as to the right of the Senate to
dispense with the reading of testimony nobody
can doubt it. There was one report made here
by the Committee on the Conduct of the War
that was a thousand and odd pages in length.
Was the Senate bound to hear it all read?
Mr. CONKLING. That was testimony.
The honorable Senator, if he will pardon me,
loses sight of this distinction ; here the testi-
mony is the report. It is not testimony accom-
panying a report; it is the report itself. Now
the proposition is that the Senate can be com-
pelled to act upon a paper, a resolution, or a
report without hearing it read at all.
Besides, if my honorable friend will pardon
me, as my purpose is like his to economize
time, he will see that any Senator has a right,
in spite of the vote of the Senate, to take this
testimony and read it himself as part of his
remarks, and if he had consented to let the
Secretary proceed I say to him that before this
time, in my opinion, the reading demanded
would have been finished. Had we not better
take the shortest way out and drop this motiou?
Mr. THURMAN. I was informed when I
called the attention of the Senate to this mat-
ter that the reading of this testimony, if it was
all to be read—and that was what 1 understood
was the requisition—would take several hours.
Mr. EDMONDS. My fiiend entirely mis-
states me about that, not intentionally, for I
know he would not do that. 1 only asked that
the testimony of the Senators who were sup-
posed to have had these copies, and of one or
two officials of the Senate whose names were
brought into connection with it, might be read
as matter of mere justice to those Senators and
those officials.
Mr. THURMAN. I should certainly not
object to the reading of any deposition that a
Senator wished to have read as matter of
justice to himself; but this I have to say:
when I called the attention of the Senate to
the matter I supposed there was a universal
disposition to adjourn finally to-day. Now, if
this testimony is to be read it will take some
time. I do not want another night session
after last night's session, and I shall move that
the Senate adjourn, so that the reading can go
on to-morrow if we are to have two or three
hours of reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio move that the Senate
adjourn ?
Mr. THURMAN. I will at five o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire
to make a suggestion in regard to this matter.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to say one word more? If any action is
asked against these new recusant witnesses,
of course their depositions must be read in
order that we may know whether they are con-
tumacious and determine that the questions
put to them were proper and what is to be done
with them, if there is to be any resolution
offered in regard to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to make a
suggestion to the Senate to see if we could not
come to some disposition of this matter, with-
out protracting it, at a time when the Senate
is impatient to adjourn ; and in view of that
impatience and of the probability of an early
adjournment, to see if something could not be
done that would be satisfactory to the Senate,
would vindicate its authority and the law, and
at the same time dispose of this matter.-
I will preface a motion which I am about to
make, if it shall seem to meet the views of a
majority of the Senate, with a view of bringing
this matter to an issue, by stating that unques-
tionably these witnesses are in contempt by
refusing to answer proper questions which have
been propounded to them. At least thatis my
opinion, and I think there cannot be two opin-
ions on that subject on the part of any per-
son who examines the facts. The Senate has
already decided that point in reference to wit-
nesses who appeared before the committee.
Those two witnesses are in the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms. Two other witnesses
have since appeared before the committee
and refused to answer what the committee
deemed to be proper questions to be pro-
pounded to them. They are, therefore, in
contempt also. But, Mr. President, the busi-
ness for which the Senate was convened in
extraordinary session has been completed and
the Senate is about ready to adjourn. If
those two witnesses who are now in contempt
are to be dealt with by the Senate they must
be summoned to appear before the Senate,
and they must have an opportunity to purge
themselvesof the contempt before the Senate,
and to answer these questions, before any defi-
nite action can be taken by the Senate in ref-
erence to them ; at least that is the usual
course of proceeding.
Now, in view of that state of facts, and as the
Senate will be indisposed to remain here for
the purpose of bringing these witnesses before
it, and in view of the law which makes it a
misdemeanor for witnesses to refuse to answer
questions propounded to them by a committee
of Copgress, I venture to suggest what I regard
as the better course. It requires no action of
the Senate in regard to these witnesses who
are now in contempt for refusing to answer
questions propounded to them by the commit-
tee. That is the offense by the statute. All
that is necessary to be done is that the com-
mittee should report to the House of which
they are a committee that witnesses have re
fused to answer proper questions ; and it then
becomes the duty of the Presiding Officer to
certify that fact to the district attorney of the
District of Columbia, and fce duty of the dis-
trict attorney to bring it to the notice of the
grand jury, who will take proper action in the
case. Now, in regard to those witnesses that
have refused to answer, it is not necessai^ to
detain the Senate here several days to bring
them into the Senate. The fact was reported
by the Senator from Wisconsin a few minutes
ago to the Senate, and under the circumstances
I think if we cause these witnesses, as the law
causes them, to be turned over to the district
attorney here to be dealt with, it will satisfy
all that we are required at this moment to do,
and enable the Senate to adjourn and go home.
But there are two other witnesses in custody.
What is to be done with them, it may be asked?
We cannot keep two in Custody and turn them
over, as we have already done, to be dealt
with according to law, and allow two other
persons equally guilty to run at large. There-
fore my suggestion is this: that the better
course would be to discharge from custody
those that we have in custody—the authority
of the Senate has been vindicated in reference
to them—and let them answer to the law in
the same manner as the last two witnesses.
Let all four of them be dealt with according
to law, and the Senate can then adjourn.
And now, Mr. President, as it requires no
action on the part of the Senate, and with a
view of seeing if we cannot dispose of this
thing at once, the report having been made to
the Senate and received, the law declaring
