,194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
. TOWN OF ARCOTA, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 294)
for the relief of the inhabitants of the town of
Arcota, in Humboldt county, California; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. COLE. As the bill is very short and
will take but a moment, I ask that it be read
at length and put on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of theWhole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It provides that it shall be lawful for
the trustees of the town of Arcota, in Hum-
boldt county, California, to enter at the proper
land office, and the proper officers are directed
to issue a patent granting to the town, for
the use of the lawful occupants thereo/, the
southeast quarter of the southwest quarter of
section twenty-nine, township six north, of
range one east of Humboldt meridian; but
this is not to interfere with the rights of bona
fide settlers on the land.
' The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that bill come
from any committee?
Mr. COLE. I have here a petition from the
trustees of that town on the subject. They
want to get title to forty acres for the benefit
of those who have possession of it. The chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands has
looked at the bill and there can be no objection
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know anything
about the bill, but I do not like this method
of passing bills without their having been con-
sidered by committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, I will not object to
it. I simply call attention to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. POMLRO Y. It should save any adverse
rights of preemptors.
Mr. COLE. I have inserted that clause in
the bill. There cannot be any objection to it
as it stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let that clause be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That the same shall not interfere with
the rights of bona fide settlers on said land.
The bill was passed.
LYON MONUMENT ASSOCIATION.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous con
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 295) authorizing the Secretary of War to
place at the disposal of the Lyon Monument
Association of Missouri certain condemned
cannon; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SCHURZ. As the bill is very short,
and I think nobody will object, I ask for its
immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of War
to place at the disposal of the Lyon Monument
Association of the State of Missouri twelve
condemned cannon, to be used for the purpose
of erecting a monument at St. Louis, Missouri,
to the late Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SOUTHERN MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. OSBORN. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Mesolved, That the PostmasterQenera! be directed
to communicate to the Senate whether it is within
the knowledge of the Post Office Department that
any contractors for carrying the mails in the States
lately in rebellion have failed within the past two
years to do so, in accordance with the terms of their-
respeetive contracts, and to what extent such fail-
ures to carry the mails have existed; also, whether
the Department has information that undue influ-
ences have been resorted to by contractors to induce
postmasters in any of said States to certify to tho
carrying of mails in compliance with the terms and
provisions of their contracts when such service had
not been performed; and also any other information
in regard to the mail service in said States wnich, in
the judgment of the Postmaster General, may be
useful to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I object for the present to
the consideration of that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over under the rules.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, be-
fore calling up the regular order, will state
that the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Cragin] desires to be excused from further
service upon the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims. The question is on the motion
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are now
two vacancies upon standing committees.
How shall these vacancies be filled?
Several Senators. Bv the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will fill the vacancies ; and
the Chair appoints to fill the existing vacan-
cies upon the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims and the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton.]
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Presi-
dent, I hope the Senate will excuse me from
service on either one of those committees.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims
might with great propriety be abolished. I
believe during the last session of Congress I
was a member of that committee, and I was
notified but once to meet in committee, and
then there was not a quorum present, and there
was but one solitary case on the Calendar, and
the papers in that case were lost, I believe.
[Laughter.]
The Committee on Disabilities has nothing
in the world to do. It has been mad« mani-
fest on a dozen occasions here that no special
bill on that subject will be able to go through
the Senate hereafter. I will oppose it my-
self, as I would oppose a general bill, for that
matter, [laughter,] but it is manifest that a
special bill cannot go through. Now, the Sen-
ate, in Committee of the Whole, can examine
any bill that comes up here general in its char-
acter, and will do it, whatever the select com-
mittee may say about it.
I hope the Senate will excuse me from ser-
vice on either one of these committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas moves that he be excused from service
on the two committees of which the Chair
appointed him a member.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Texas that these
were the only vacancies on the committees,
as the committees were appointed at the open-
ing of the session. These two vacancies will
be filled hereafter.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 29) to authorize the commissioners to
revise the statutes to print their reports.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 202) authorizing the Presi-
dent to nominate R. H. Lamson a lieutenant
in the United States Navy;
. A bill (S. No. 74) relating to moneys paid
into the courts of the United States ; and
A bill (S. No. 119) to further regulate the
publication of the specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office.
ARMY REGULATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following communication from the
Secretary of War; which was read :
War Department,
Washington City, March 20,1871.
Sin: Under section twenty of the act approved
July 15,1870, making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the fiscal year ending July 1,1871,
the Secretary of War is directed to prepare a system
of general regulations for the administra'ion of the
affairs  f the Army, and submit it to Congress for
approval at its next session.
Steps were taken immediately after the passage
of the law to comply with this provision, but up to
the present time it has not been possible to prepare
them for presentation to Congress.
It had been the custom of the Department under
the act of April 24,1816, (chapter sixty-nine.) to issue
from ti me to ti me. with the approval of the President,
new editions of the Army Regulations, embodying
sach alterations and amendments as the necessities
of the service required to be made.
These regulations have been looked upon solely as
executive.rules for the administration of the Army,
as distinguished from acts of Congress, and are
always in accordance with such acts.
But the act of July 15,1870, requires the new sys-
tem tobe submitted to Congress for approval before
going into effect, and further, when approved they
"shall be in force and obeyed until altered or re-
voked by thesame authority." This proviso, there-
fore, deprives the Executive of the authority, exer-
cised up to the passage of the act of July 28, I860, to
alter or amend, and is embarrassing to tho D -part-
ment for the reason that the necessities of the ser-
vice often require a modification of minor provisions,
and under this act every change witlhave to be sub-
mitted to Congress for approval.
I therefore submit to the consideration of Congress
the recommendation that section twenty of the act
approved July 15, 1870, be so amended as to allow the
code of regulations prepared under that act to be in
force and obeyed when approved by the President,
subject to such alterations as the Secretary of War
may adopt, from time to time, with the approval of
tho President.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Tho President op the Senate.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At the opening
of the session to-day the Senate received from
the House of Representatives a concurrent
resolution providing for the final adjournment
on Thursday next of this session of Congress.
The Chair was unable to submit it, under the
twenty-fourth rule, during the morning hour;
and unless some Senator during the day moves
to postpone the pending business after the Sen-
ator from Mississippi shall have concluded, to
consider this resolution, the Chair will submit
it to the Senate at the opening of to-morrow's
session.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to its consideration
to-day.
BUSINESS OF THE SESSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Anthony 011 the 13th instant:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the pres-
ent session no other legislative business than the
deficiency bill, theconcurrent resolution for a joint
committee to investigate into the condition of the
States lately in insurrection, and the resolution now
pending instructing the Committee on the Judiciary
to report a bill or bills that will enablethe President
and the courts of the United States to execute tho
laws in said States.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Sherman, which was to add the
following:
And the report that may be made by the Judi-
ciary Committee on that subject.
Mr. AMES. Mr. President, it is to be regret-
ted that the country is not informed as to the
condition of a portion of the people at the
South at the present time.
We have upon us there the natural conse-
quences of slavery and rebellion. Slavery
