900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
obtained, and they are called as witnesses and
asked to disclose it, being outside of the pro-
fessions that claim the privilege of secrecy;
and everywhere, as you find it in this additional
report, if they do not think it a wise thing to
tell the truth they decline. And it will be the
opinion of mankind that the Senate thinks
that, so far as it relates to our operations, no
man is obliged at anytime to tell anything that
he may be called npon to tell in any of our
investigations, whatever the statute may be,
and if he fails to tell, there will be no conse-
quences resulting to him or to the public of
the least degree of inconvenience. That will
be the result; and I think, sir, that is a great
calamity in the interest of truth.
Senators wish to abolish this rule of secrecy
altogether, and there are many considerations
which would lead to that conclusion. There
are many on the other hand—I do not intend
to weary the Senate by stating them—a great
many on the other hand. But if this rule is
not to beabolished, then you have the extraor-
dinary proposition that it is perfectly honor-
able and right for everybody to tell what he
can obtain secretly from somebody that does
know it, and it is perfectly dishonorable for
everybody else to tell anything about it—a
proposition which no man will maintain, a
proposition that is disgraceful to us in hav-
ing rules of this character, as we believe for
the public interest, and at the same time de-
clining (because that is the result of this per-
formance in the sense of our duty) to compel
gentlemen to state the truth because they think
that they are bound not to state it. Very well;
let us honor their concientious convictions, but'
let them honor ours as well.
Ought they not to be willing to put us upon
an equality with themselves, and to say that
while as a matter of honor they feel obliged to
take the consequences of refusing to testify,
they respect the same honorable obligation to
the law that governs the other side of this con-
troversy, and which therefore compels us, in
vindication of our constitutional rights and in
vindication of our personal honor, to carry the
investigation to a point which shall determine
the real truth, which alone can vindicate any-
body either by exculpation or by punishment ?
There is the dilliculty; to stop this now is to
tell the world, and tell it truly, that we do not
really wish to know whether any of ourselves
lumj been guilty of dishonor or not. Now, if
I am the guilty party—possibly I am ; the pub-
lie from this testimony cannot tell to a certainty
until you carry it through—I wish to suffer the
punishment of it. If some other person is
guilty of the dishonor and I am not, I for one
do not wish to bear the obloquy which attaches
to him, for I have faults enough of my own
without this one. That is the way it, looks to me.
Therefore, Mr. President, though I suppose
this resolution is to go through, 1 wish to say
that while I do not at this moment (because
no man can criticise another man's sense of
honor) criticise the sense of honor which
seems to oblige these gentlemen to say that
they will not tell what they know, I think that
they and everybody else ought to have the
same respect for our honor and let us pursue
the plain law in vindication of this inquiry,
which is plainly incumbent upon us, as it
seems to me.
Now, then, if the judgment of the Senate
shall be that these rules are utterly broken
down, and they are, the result will be that they
become the shield for misrepresentation, or
else every Senator must feel at liberty, in order
to vindicate himself, to reveal what he knows
of the private consultations of this body so far
as in his honest judgment it is necessary for
ilie cause of truth or self respect. There is
no choice. You must take one alternative or
tne other. If misrepresentation, without pun-
ishment, without pursuit, is to go out from
such of the consultations of this body as it is
thought wise to have private, then I say that
when the sense of the Senate has determined
that that species of betrayal and of misrepre-
sentation shall not be sought out and punished
it is the right of every man of honor in this
body to defend himself and to defend his con-
stituents by placing himself right before the
public. Therefore, asin the case of my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
the other day, who stated, and rightly, that any
observations he may have been supposed to
make in private consultations touching matters
of public concern here were grossly misrepre-
sented, he ought to have the right, (if you
adopt this principle of inquiring into nothing
and carrying nothing to its results,) and I
should defend him in exercising the right, not
only of stating, as he did the other day, that
he did not say so and so, but that he did also say
so and so, as the truth might be. If that is
the general understanding, very well; let us
all understand it; but, of course, the effect of
that is to have nothing which can be regarded
as really confidential, because every gentle-
man must judge for himself of what it is neces-
sary that he should reveal for the sake of truth
and honest and fair dealingbetween gentlemen
and men.
Now, I wish to say, Mr. President—and it is
scarcely necessary that I should say it—that I
have not the slightest quarrel with these gen-
tlemen. They exercised their own judgment
as to what it was fitting for thera to do. I
shall exercise mine. I think the law requires
me and that duty requires me to insist that,
they shall answer. They think it does not. If
a majority of the Senate think they are right
and 1 am wrong, very good ; I submit. That
is all 1 have to say.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is an acute,
adroit, and skillful lawyer, and we who are not
lawyers think it sometimes the business of such
lawyers " to make the worse appear the better
reason." Now, sir, I think the Senator from
Vermont has not put this case fairly before the
Senate or the country. I do not think the
Senator believes, I am confident the country
will not believe, that this treaty has gone to
the public through the personal dishonor of
any member of this body. There is not the
shade of the shadow of evidence that impli-
cates any member of this body in that matter,
and the country will see nothing.
We have had an investigation. The honor-
able Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
prepared the resolution ; it was introduced by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, [Mj\
Carpenter. ]
Mr. CARPENTER. I call the gentleman
to order. He has no right to disclose what
took place in executive session.
Mr. W ILSON. I beg pardon for that.
Mr. NYE. I do not see that there is any
objection to it under his theory.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not, either.
Mr. WILSON. What I wished to say was
that all of us assented to it. At any rate we
have had this investigation in public, though
it was begun in private. We have taken testi-
mony. What we have convicts nobody. I
do not know what would have come; I do
not believe anything would have come that
affected a member of the body. I do not
think the country will so consider it. There-
fore I object to the presentation the Senator
from Vermont has put upon the case. The
case will go before the judicial tribunals, and I
hope a fair and honest effort will be made to
execute the law and that it will be carried out;
but I do not see that any of us are implicated
in this matter. I hope the resolution pending
will bo adopted.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the indulgence
of the Senate, weary as I know it is, for a few
moments.
I have no doubt about the propriety of the
rule of the Senate. I have no doubt that it is
as binding as a law ; that it is a rule adopted
with reference to the public interests, and that
it ought to be observed. I have no doubt
about the propriety of the law that punishes a
witness if he refuses to answer inquiries made
by committees authorized by this body. I
have no doubt that the witnesses who refused
to answer are in contempt. They occupy the
position of men who refuse to answer, when an
inquiry is put which will lead to the very
information that the Senate seeks, on the
ground of personal honor.
I believe most fully in the liberty of the
press, and I will admit the right of men con-
nected with the press to exert their energies,
to be as enterprising as they please; and I do
not know but that I am ready to admit, that
they have a right to secure, if they can, inform-
ation which is contraband by the rules of the
Senate and publish it to the world. I will not
say that it is the most honorable thing which
a man can do ; but for the sake of the argu-
ment I will admit the right, and I will also
concede that they have a right still further to
obtain the information by purchase if they can.
and then publfsh it to the world as news ; and
this isthe position which they take. But, while
they take it, and I allow it, I am not quite ready
to justify it.
But when a question is propounded which
will lead to the very information that we are
seeking, they shield themselves from answer-
ing it on the ground that they are bound in
honor not to reveal it. Now, I believe in
honor. I believe that a man should keep his
promises. I believe he should be careful how
he makes them, but when he makes a pledge,
a promise, when he is under obligations of
honor to keep a thing secret, if the keeping
of that secret only brings sorrow and grief to
him he should bear the consequences, let them
come as heavily as they may. But here is a
question between the consequences which come
to an individual by maintaining what he calls
his honor and the benefits which are to result
to the public by adhering to a rule which lias
the binding force of law and is adopted for the
interests of the public. Now, can a man be
screened there? I think not. I think public
justice should outweigh the feelings and the
privations of the individual, and he is under
obligations to the public to yield his opinion
to the demands of law. I do not know how
public justice could be administered other-
wise. Take the case which occurred here a
few years ago on the occasion of the murder
of President Lincoln. He was shamefully
murdered, as we all know. It was rumored
that a man in the neighborhood performed
certain professional services to a man, and
it was thought if we could find him we might
get at the murderer. He was brought before
a court. Suppose, when the question^was
asked, "'Did you perform certain profes-
sional services, and for whom?" he should
decline to answer on the ground that his pro-
fessional honor was implicated, which should
yield, his personal honor or the demands of
justice? I say the one, the interest of the
public, is far greater than the other; and ho
is under obligation as a man to yield, to violate
what he calls his professional honor; but it is
only yielding to the claims of public duty.
And there is no such thing as the administra-
tion of justice, in my judgment, in this or any
other Government without this principle.
But now there is another question that pre-
sents itself to my mind ; and it has been sug-
gested in the debate. It is, what can tne
Senate do? In one sense it is like a court;
and its powers are limited by practice, by
custom, if not by law. It has been said that
no legislative body ever held a witness lor
contempt beyond the time of its adjournment.
This being so, it is a question whether .this
practice has not all the power and efficiency
of law, and whether this Senate has a legal
right to hold these persons in imprisonment
beyond the time of its adjournment. Mr.
President, it is a great misfortune to justice
if it has not. But then the court must be
controlled by the law. If this is the law,
