187 J,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
901
if it has been universal, then this maybe an
instance in which the law is unable to press
the claims of justice so that justice shall suc-
ceed and triumph. We come short by law,
we come short by practice of securing the
great end which we are aiming at, because we
have no legal authority. I think there is a
good deal of force in that; and although I
condemn most fully and clearly the position
of the witnesses, I think I must, for that rea-
son, be constrained to vote lor their release.
I think I must do so contrary to all the votes
which I have heretofore given ; but it appears
to me that it is in accordance with the limits
which have heretofore been imposed on the
powers of legislative bodies.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, within
the last fifteen minutes I was absent from the
Chamber, not to exceed five minutes, I think
not so long, and during that absence, as I
am informed, the Senator from Massachusetts
nearest mo [Mr. Wilson] made a statement
which I ask him now to repeat in my presence.
Mr. WILSON. My statement was this,
precisely: that the resolution asking for the
appointment of a committee was prepared by
the Senator from New York and presented by
the Senator from Wisconsin; and I intended
to say that we gave it a unanimous vote and
were all responsible for it, one as well as
another. That is what I intended to say; but
I was reminded that I was trenching upon
executive matters, which had not come into
my mind for the reason that this proceeding
has been in public so much that it seemed to
me the whole matter was before us as a matter
to bo talked about, and I did not think I was
violating the rule.
Mr. CQNKLING. Mr. President, the men-
tion of executive session comes too late now;
the Senator has passed that Rubicon andforced
me to overleap it with him ; he has overstepped
too far to retrace his steps. "Will he gratify
my curiosity by informing me also for what
purpose and with what view he made the state-
ment in reference to my drawing the resolu-
tion, accompanied, I am told, with some inti-
mation that the Senate followed my lead?
Mr. WILSON. My object was to show that
we began this matter here; that we were all
unanimously for it; that wo were all commit-
ted to it as much as the Senator from New
York or the Senator from Wisconsin, and
equally responsible; that we had proceeded
with the investigation to a certain point and
had not proven any Senators guilty in the mat-
ter, and that now wc ought to drop the whole
matter. That was my intention. I had 110
idea of injuring the Senator from New York in
any way, shape, or manner, and did not know
it w6uld.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, when-
ever the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts injures me by ascribing to me anything
that is true, although he violates the rules of
the Senate in so doing, I give him a bond in
advance not to complain. I have something
to say, however, about this statement of the
Senator, because, attributing to him common
intelligence, the statement was intended to
convey to the Senate and to the gallery the
impression that my statement made to the
Senate an hour ago was incorrect; I have
samething to say about it for the further rea-
son that it seems designed to give coior to the
false assertions sent abrond in the country
that I brought forward the proposition to
investigate the betrayal of the treaty, and that
X began and urged the inquiry with special and
personal aims.
The statement made by the Senator from
Massachusetts has a strange similitude and
likeness to some of these current libels; it
sounds as if uttered here to bolster up some
previous asserlion"; and yet I must suppose
that here for ths first time he has violated the
nile and confidence of the Senate in attempt-
ing to detail what took place. I would not will-
ingly believe this a second offense with regard
to this transaction ; I will not suppose him
capable of making the statement to create an
impression he knows to be false. Mr. Pres-
ident, I shall state what did take place in
executive session. I intend to do so notwith-
standing the rule the Senator has dissolved.
I am driven to this by the statement the Sen-
ator has made and the Senate has permitted.
When a Senator comes into the presence of
the Senate and tramples the rule under foot,
compelling another Senator to rest under an
imputation upon his veracity, or else to speak,
1 submit he must speak, and cannot be tram-
meled by a rule which has been broken into
fragments before his eyes.
Mr. President, the betrayal of the treaty,
and our duty to investigate it, was brought to
the attention of the Senate by tire honorable
Senator from Ohio now in his seat nearest to
me, [Mr. Sherman.] From his lips, speaking
to the Senate, I heard for the first time that
the treaty had been betrayed to the public.
His statement was that it had been betrayed
through the columns of a newspaper in New
York and a newspaper in Ohio, and we heard
him demand to know of the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations whether he
intended to pass over such a breach of privi-
lege. I heard the Senator from Massachu-
setts farthest from me [Mr. Scjixhr] follow
him, saying—I use his own expression, and I
take every Senator who was present to wit-
ness—that we should depart from the ancient
ways of the Senate (that was his phrase) if we
passed over in silence a betrayal like this.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. J wish the Senator would
not interrupt me now. I will thank bini not. to
interrupt mo.
Mr. THXJRMAN. As a matter of justice
to myself  
Mr. CONKLING. I will take it kindly if
my friend will not interrupt me. When I have
finished if I have done any one injustice X beg
him to set me right.
Mr. THIJRMAN. 1 want to know which
Senator from Ohio the Senator from New
York ref. >rs to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York declines to yield the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I cannot decline, because
the Senator will interfere.
Mr. THUkMAN. 1 ask simply to which
Senator from Ohio does the Senator from New
York refer?
Mr. CONKLING. Not to the Senator who
sits farthest from me, [Mr. Thitumax,] because
I expressly referred to the Senator who sits
nearest to me, [Mr. SrreitMAX.]
Mr. THGRMAN. X did not hear that.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, 1 pro-
ceed-to say that it was demanded of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
that that, committee should investigate and
ferret out this breach of privilege. It was
objected by the chairman, very naturally, that
the committee was already so burdened with
labor that it could not undertake the task, and
another Senator moved that the Committee on
the Judiciary undertake it. My gifted friend
behind me [Mr. Catu'evteii] is a leading mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee, and I am the
humblest of its members ; and, therefore, had
it been a wish of his or of mine to participate
in this investigation, the Judiciary Committee
was the very forum for us; yet neither of us
proposed or supported the motion to give the
committee the power. Another committee was
proposed, and now I refer to the honorable
Senator from Ohio who sits farthest, from me,
[Mr. Thurmax,] who said that the Committee
on Printing or on the Rules, I am not certain
which—he will know which—that one of those
committees'should investigate the ma,iter.
After all these suggestions it was that a
special committee was proposed, not by me,
not by my honorable friend behind me, but by
voices in different parts of the Chamber pro-
posing it. This suggestion met with general
favor, and then it was, and not till then, that
having paper before me, and in the midst of
writing a letter, I reduced the resolution to
writing at the suggestion of several Senators.
Sitting here at my desk I penciled the form
of the resolution, and it was taken by another
Senator, not, I think, the Senator from Wis-
consin at first. This was the " preparation''
of the resolution by me, after the matter had
been discussed and the suggestion of a special
committee had superseded other motions.
Does the Senator from Massachusetts, even
if no rule confronted him, deem it fair to come
here in the face of my statement made an hour
ago, and assert that which, but for the explana-
tion I now make, would carry the idea that I
drew the resolution as an original act of my
own, that X proposed and led and originated
the investigation ? A statement literally true
is often the most hurtfully false, and I beg to
say to that honorable Senator that when, with
or without, rules of confidence, he deals with
the feelings, the rights, and the reputation of
other men he should see to it that he weighs
in more exact scales and with less feverish
hand the statements that he makes.
Mr. President, I have no quarrel with the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts. 1
know his amiability, and I know .that some of
his acts which are hardest to defend, if there
are such, grow out of traits which often go
with an amiable and easy nature. I will do
him the justice to say that I do not suppose he
•made this statement with malice aforethought
in order that misconstruction might fall on
mi". It shows how dangerous it is to play with
edged tools; it shows how much safer we are
when we observe the rules of good faith and
the rules of this body than we are when we
violate them, and violate them in the unguarded
manner which I think the honorable Senator
on reflection will be glad to admit has been
the manner of his violation on this occasion.
I know that an effort, a very persevering
effort, has been made, which would have been
well helped on by the statement of the Sen-
ator, however unintentional on his part, had
1 not heard of it by chance and hastened to
correct it—an effort to have it appear to the
country that the Senator from Wisconsin, and
more especially that I, with some special ani-
mus, with some preconceived theory as to
whom a shaft might hit, had bended our bow
and set up a mark for our arrow. A more
unfounded statement was never made. Should
1 adopt the heroic style which prevails here
sometimes with regard to such matters I might
talk of what is " cowardly" and what is "in-
famous." X prefer simply to say for myself—
my friend behind me is more than competent
to speak for himself—that the allegation has
not a shadow of truth, and that until I heard
from the Senator from Ohio—meaning now the
Senator nearest to me [Mr. Siiermax]—that
the betrayal of the treaty had taken place—it
was on Friday, the publication having been on
Thursday—I never heard of the matter in any
way. X had never at that time heard any per-
son within or without this body referred to as
the guilty agent. I had not in my mind the
faintest suspicion of any one when the fact
was stated that the betrayal had taken place
or when the committee was appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The fact was published
in the morning papers.
Mr. CONKLING. Themornmgpapfersliere?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. This only shows the
extent of my ignorance. I had not seen any
paper containing it, and when the Senator
from Ohio made the announcement I expressed
my surprise to Senators around me and in
quired as to the fact.
It so happened that the investigation began
by the appearance as witnesses, when I was
