902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
not present, of two young men, neither of whom
I knew, neither of whom I had ever known,
even by sight, until after they had appeared
before the committee and refused to answer.
And yet, Mr. President, out of facts, or in
spite of facts like these, have come the extraor-
dinary statements—-I temper my expression,
I prefer not to characterize them—I say the
extraordinary statements which have been
sent in many directions from this Capitol to
the newspaper press.
And now comes the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, with a careless, hap-hazard,
and partial statement, which, but for the fact
that I happened to hear of it by accident,
and to come into the Chamber to correct it,
would have been planted in many places, will
be now, perhaps, as a little acorn from which
may grow tall oaks of evidence, to show that
really, after all, I invented this whole thing,
when in truth my entire connection with it,
at the point referred to by the Senator, was at
the request and suggestion of several Senators
around me to put down formally on a bit of
paper, after the whole matter had been dis-
cussed, a resolution raising a committee, and
hand it to somebody else. At this moment I
cannot say who first took it from me.
Mr. President, I have said enough about this.
I congratulate myself that although not pres-
ent—it happens to me, I find, to be absent
sometimes at important moments, though I
rarely leave the Chamber—I was apprised
with expedition enough to be able to come in
seasonably and show how inaccurate was the
statement of the Senator as he left it, and how
well calculated it was to do injury not only to-
the cause of truth, and friendship, but to me.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President—
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
permission of the Senator from Massachusetts,
the Chair will state that he has not interrupted
Senators when they were repeating what pur-
ported to be the proceedings of the Senate in
executive session on a certain day, because
the injunction of secrecy was removed from
tlx; insolation and the votes of that day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts vield to me?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Alter the statements that
have been made by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and the Senator from New York, it is
the merest and idlest farce to hold in custody
two citizens of the United States for betraying
the secrets of the Senate or for refusing to
disclose their own. There is not a man or
woman or child within the broad limits of this
great country of ours, wherever this language
is spoken, but what will feel that the Senate
of the United States ought not to hold men in
custody because they betrayed our secrets or
refused to disclose their own, while Senators
of the United States here, openly, in violation
of our rules, betray those secrets, especially
when one of the rules declares that the pun-
ishment of that shall be expulsion from this
body.
I hare taken no great interest in this con-
troversy from the beginning. It is true—and
since the Senator from New York has stated
it I now avow it, and repeat that I will do it
again in like circumstances—that when I saw
in the morning papers that the treaty of Wash-
ington was published in two of the great papers
of this country, and when I looked at the rule
which declared that all confidential communi-
cations made to us by the Executive should
be kept Under the veil of secrecy, and that if
any Senator or officer of this body betrayed
those secrets the Senator should be punished,
even to expulsion from this body, and the offi-
cer dismissed, I did call attention to the fact;
I did ask whether or not any one among us had
been violating these rules made by the highest
sanction; and, as the Senator states, every
member of the Senate concurred in that prop-
osition.
Mr. CON KLING. I did not state it; I beg
the Senator's pardon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Mas-
sachnsetl s stated it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I speak of the two Sen-
ators together; and because the Senator from
Massachusetts undertook to make one state-
ment the Senator- from New York goes all
round the Senate and discloses what occurred
in the Senate Chamber.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has already stated that the inj u notion of secrecy
was removed from the resolution and votes of
that day by the vote of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. That is a mistake.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. SHERMAN. Not
from the dehate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not from
the debate, but from the votes.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am concerned,
I have no desire to conceal my course in this
whole matter. I voted for that resolution. I
was glad that the Senator from New York
drew it, and glad that the Senator from Wis-
consin offered it, and glad that the investiga-
tion took place. As I stated on that day, if
there had been any suspicion falling upon a
Senator, or if I had reason to believe that any
Senator of the United States had violated the
obligations imposed upon him by this rule,
no man would be more ready to punish him
severely than I. But, sir, the moment the
first testimony was introduced in this Senate
in open session showing substantially that no
Senator had violated the confidence reposed
in him by the Senate, and that this treaty was
purloined or taken or obtained in some way,
apparently without the knowledge or sanction
of any Senator, and when the testimony itself
showed that the whole extent of this rule had
exhausted itself, there the investigation ought
to have stopped.
I say, therefore, that I am proud that I was
one of fifteen who were anxious then to arrest
this investigation, because we had no power to
pursue it one step beyond the vindication of
our own honor and the character and reputa-
tion of the officers of this body. Sir, this
Senate Chamber has 110 power in the Consti-
tution or the laws to hunt up, investigate,
accuse, and indict citizens of the United States.
We may enforce our rules, even to the penalty
of expulsion; but we have no right to indict,
accuse, aud arraign any citizen of the United
States; and I believe that when these wit-
nesses had disclosed sufficient to show that 110
Senator had violated the trust reposed in him
by his position, that no officer of the Senate
had violated his duty, there the matter ought
to have stopped. But even then I did not see
proper to participate in the debate. I did not
care for it. I was absent during the two days
when the witnesses were arraigned before this
body. If I had been here present I never
would have voted to continue them in custody
a single hour after they had* made substantial
answers to the material questions involving
the character of Senators of the United States.
So, from that time to this, I believe we have
been in a false position. Our investigation,
although not in terms by the resolution offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin confined, was
by law and by our rules confined to the con-
duct of our own members. When we went
beyond that wc went beyond the spirit, pur-
pose, and object of any such investigation.
Mr. President, these men who have been
thus confined I have no doubt haveheen guilty
of a technical contempt of the authority of this
Senate, because the bare legal proposition is
, true that these witnesses had no power, 110
right, to use a legal phrase, to judge as to the
materiality of the questions put to them, and
therefore, when questions were put to them
going to the extentofan examination into the
conduct of others outside of the Senate Cham-
ber or officers of the Senate, they had no right
to put in this plea or this objection. Their
duty was to answer the questions. But
I say that when we, the Senate, traveled heyonu
the object of the inquiry we were equally g.nl'.y
of violating the spirit of the law. There is no
doubt of that.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand the
Senator from Ohio to maintain that after Mr.
White had answered that he knew from whom
he obtained that treaty, in asking him who that
person was from whom he obtained it the
committee were traveling beyond their juris-
diction in investigating the subject committed
to them?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not to be drawn
into any arraignment of the committee, be-
cause I have no doubt they have done what
they considered their duty; but, in my judg-
ment, although the language of the resolution
would have justified them in going further,
although they were justified by the clear words
of the resolution probably in extending this
inquiry beyond the general purpose I have
stated, yet the object of the inquiry was to
ascertain the conduct of Senators and officers
of this body, and they had no right to go be-
yond that without violating the spirit, the very
basis and groundwork of our organization,
which is far from being a grand jury, but is a
high deliberative body, having no authority
to punish any one except ourselves and our
officers.
Mr. President, again I repeat—and I come
back to that question—we are about to adjourn;
after our adjournment there is no power in
the Senate to hold any man in custody. The
mere contrivance by which you would continue
a committee of this body to hold citizens in
custody is a sham that a justice of the peace
would ride over rough-shod. There is no court
or tribunal in this land that in the face of the
parliamentary law and the organization of this
body would refuse to discharge these men
from custody the moment the declaration is
made that the Senate is adjourned sine die.
Therefore, when you pass a resolution to release
these men you do nothing, because you have
no power to hold them longer than that; the
statute turns them over for trial according to
the course of the law, and your power is
exhausted,-as it seems to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I put my friend a
question? I ask whether he thinks the impris-
onment of Woods by the House of Represent-
atives for three months after it adjourned was
illegal ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do think it was illegal,
and I believe—and I have inquired—that that
is the only precedent in the history of this
country.
Mr. SUMNER. Or any parliamentary
country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do believe it was a
gross violation of the constitutional rights of
that man, and 1 do not think this Senate have
a right to hold these witnesses or any living
mortal man in custody one hour beyond our
adjournment; and that is the plain meaning
and language of parliamentary law, as old as
the English Parliament. The House of Com-
mons has had many cases of this kind, and
alwavs when an adjournment took place the
witnesses and the prisoners went acquit. In
some cases in England, where persons had
been guilty of grave contempt of Parliament,
they were discharged at the end of the session.
'Therefore I say that the adoption of this res-
olution, instead of being dependent upon the
guilt or misconduct of these two gentlemen
named; depends on our own power, 'because
when we pronounce ourselves adjourned sine
die we have no power over these witnesses.
Mr EDMUNDS. Why Is that so? Give us
the philosophy of it.
Mr. SUMNER. It was argued the otherday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to extend
