196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
when it supposes that all the evils of slavery
and rebellion vanished on that day of surrender
at Appomattox Court-House.
To contrast the two political parties at the
South and the better to explain the situation
the.re I submit facts.
On the 20th day of January, last year, the
Legislature of Mississippi resolved as follows:
"That the people of the State of Mississippi, having
adopted a constitution republican in form, and the
Legislature of said State having ratified the four-
teenth and fifteenth articles of amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, the Congress of
the United States is respectfully petitioned for the
speedy removal of the political disabilities of all the
citizens of the State of ^Mississippi."
Also,
"Resolved, That Senator Revels bo requested to
present the action of this body [tho Legislature of
Mississippi] to the Senate of the United States^"
These resolutions were adopted almost im-
mediately upon the assembling of the Legisla-
ture at its first session. That Legislature, which
was strongly Republican, to show that neither
the members thereof nor the people they
represented entertained feelings of animosity
toward any men or class of men, and that they
were ready and willing to grant what had been
asked of them by their political opponents,
" forgetfulness of the past," which those same
opponents professed and preached from one
end of the State to the other, unanimously
adopted these ftsolutions. And, as a token
of their -sincerity and earnestness, and the
more forcibly to indicate the desire of the
Republicans of 'the State for toleration and
forbearance, my lale colleague was designated
to-ask, in behalf of his race, who have of late
been the principal sufferers in the political
controversies at the South, that the Congress
af the United States forgive and forget the
treasonable offenses of the late rebels against
the Government, as they forgave them their
offenses toward them. Almost their first act
on coming into power was thus to extend the
olive branch of peace to their enemies, and so
far as possible to remove all rancor from their
hearts.
It will be seen that the resolution is general,
and not one exception of all the citizens of
the State is made. The condition of Repub-
licans theie previous to the campaign was
much the same as was that of Republicans ill
other States of the South. They had been the
objects of harsh and hostile legislation, and
had been subjected to every kind of outrage,
from murder and whippings to the meanest
insults man can offer to his fellow-man. There
resulted a most sad and deplorable state of
affairs, the extent of which people elsewhere
cannot realize. Uniformly peaceable and un-
obtrusive, with language temperate and con-
ciliatory, Republicans were compelled to arm
in self-defense. Never provoking collisions,
they had to face assaults of men with murder
in their hearts; never aggressive, they were
constantly being; forced into attitudes to re-
pulse attacks. ^Personal violence was offered
to some of our public speakers; anticipated
by all, and by all guarded against by precau-
tionary measures so far as possible.
In some counties it was impossible to advo-
cate Republican principles, those attempting
it being hunted like wild beasts ; in others, the
speakers had to be armed and supported by
not a few friends. In one county where the
registered voters, white, numbered seven hun-
dred and eighty seven, and the colored voters
twelve hundred and thirty eight, Republican
speeches could be delivered only when the
orators were protected in this way. The cam-
paign was of but one day's duration. It is not
my purpose to go into the details. I do not
pretend to give even the faintest outline of the
picture. But never before did I realize the
wrongs citizens of this great nation are subject
to. And yet this same Republican party, tri-
umphant, actuated by a noble spirit of forgive-
ness, adopted these resolutions, knowing that
with few exceptions the party opposed to them
would receive all the benefits thereof. I am
sorry to say that this conduct, magnanimous
in the highest degree, has met with no return ;
hardly that of empty words of approval. The
same tactics then in use are now in use. Out-
rage upon outrage is being committed, and the
Republican members of this same Legislature
which adopted those resolutions have peti-
tioned Congress for protection. The official
journal of the State bore in its columns day
after day, week after week, the proclamation
of the Governor with an offer of reward for
the apprehension of certain violators of the
law, therein described as Ku Klux.
As a different opinion as to the condition of
Mississippi has recently been expressed, I shall,
in the spirit of fairness which I think controls
me in this matter, and for the purpose of pre-
senting nothing but the truth, submit the facts.
The Governor of that State has sent the fol-
lowing dispatch, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Executive Office,
Jackson, Mississippi, March 17,1871.
Hons. A. Ames. United States Seriate. George E.
Harris, J. L. Moephis, and L. \Y. Perce, House
of Representatives, Washington :
I am informed that dispatches have been for-
warded to Wasliington derogating from the power
of this government to enforce the law. I desire to
correct that misrepresentation, and to state that it
finds no justification in fact. A riot occurred recently
at Meridian, but was promptly suppressed. The
parties are now undergoing legal investigation.
Some minor outrages have been committed on other
points of the A!ab:ima border in the night by par-
ties in disguise. My only difficulty in these cases
is to discover the wrong-doers, but that overcome, as
I confidently hope it will be, this government is
abundantly powerful to rnako them tear the conse-
quences of their crimes. Save in those cases, Mis-
sissippi presents aa unbroken evidence of civil obe-
dience and order.
J. L. ALCORN,
Governor.
Mr. AMES. Here the Governor asserts his
power, admits the outrages, but fails to say
that any one is punished; quite the reverse.
Now I send to the desk and ask to have read
his proclamation to which I just now referred.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Five Thousand Dollars Reward.—Proclamation by (lie
Governor.
Whereas by the provisions of an act approved July
tlie21st, 1870, entitled/'An actto prevent and pun-
ish certain climes,"it is enacted by sections two,
three, and four, as follows :
"Shc. Lit: it further enacted. That if any person
or persons, masked or disguised, shall prowl, or
travel.orrido. or walk, or be in the country or towns,
or in any public place in this State, to the disturb-
ance of the peace or the terror or the alarming of
the citizens of any pornoti of this State, on convic-
tion thereof he or they shall be fined not less than
¥100 nor more than $500, and imprisoned in the jail
of the county wherein convicted, at the discretion of
the court before which the conviction is had.
"Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That if any person
or persons, disguised or in mask, by day or by night,
shall enter, or attempt or threaten to enter, or shall
demand or seek entrance or admission into or upon
the house or inelosure, or where any person or per-
sons shall then be, in this State, such entrance,
attempt, threat, or demand shall be deemed a fel-
ony, and such person or persons so offending shall,
upon conviction, be punished by imprisonment in
the penitentiary not less than one year nor more
than five years.
"Sec. 4. lie it further enacted, That if any person
or persons so prowling or traveling, riding, walking,
01' being in the country, towns, or in any public place
m this btate, masked or in disguise, shall assault or
beat another, the person or persons so offending shall
be deemed guilty of a felony, and upon conviction
shall be imprisoned in the penitentiary notless than
five years nor more than ten years."
. Andwhereas by the provisions of the ninth sec-
tion of said a.ct the Governor is authorized to offer a
reward not exceeding 85.000 for the apprehension of
any person or persons who may be guilty of viola-
tions of the third and fourth sections of said act;
andwhereas information has been received at the
executive office of certain recent violations of this
act on the eastern border of tiiis State:
Sow, therefore, I, James h. Alcorn, Governor of
the State of Mississippi, in my anxiety to come to
the aid of the good citizens, who, under this system
ot government, are charged individually with tho
preservation of law and order, do hereby offer the
followingrewards, namely:
1. For such information as may lead to the arrest
a.nd conviction of each and every person who may,
a day, violate tho second section of said
act, $oOO.
2. For such information as may lead to the arrest
anu conviction of each and every person who may,
after this day, violate the third or fourth section? of
said act, $500.
3. For such information as may lead to the arrest
and conviction of the leader of any band or company
that may, after this day, incur the penalties under
section threo of said act, $3,000.
4. For such information as may lead to the arrest
and conviction of the leader of any band or company
that may, after this day, incur the penalties under
section four of said act, 85,000.
And I do hereby charge the sheriffs of each county
of the State to cause this proclamation to be posted
in all public places within his county, and to cause
the offer of the rewards to be made known by e*ery
other means in his power to the general masses of
the citizens.
Given under my hand, and the great seal of
rT 0 i the State affixed, this 5th <hiv of December,
ll. S.J 1870_ j_ L ALCORN.
By the Governor:
JAMES LYNCH,
Secretary of State.
. Mr. AMES. In the Governor's dispatch he
speaks of the difficulty of detecting these Ku
Klux. The Legislature of that State appro-
priated last year $40,000 for secret service,
and put it at the disposal of the Governor.
This secret service was the detection of the Ku
Klux. The whole $40,000 has been drawn
from the treasury by the Governor, and 1 have
yet to hear of a punished Ku Klux.
But there is another side to this question.
I ask the Clerk to read this dispatch from the
Republican members of that State Legislature.
These members were elected to their present
seats on the same ticket with the Governor and
elected him to this body
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Jackson, Mississippi,
March 9,1871—Received March 10, 12 m.
Hon. Senator Ames, Senate Chamber :
The Meridian riot seems, from information by most
reliable persons, to have been the result of a com-
bined effort of the whites to overthrow the city and
county government. Result is eigbtor more colored
persons killed. Bramlette, white man, killed by ac-
cidental shot. Senators (xleedand Henderson, mem-
bers, arrived by train from Meridian this p. m.,
report colored men lying out hidden m the woods,
whites patrolling the streets, trains and suriound-
ing country armed. Large Republican caucus earn-
estly urge on Congress the necessity of prompt and
thorough measuies to suppress outrage and violence
in all parts of the State.
H. W. WARREN,
President of Republican Caucus.
Mr. AMES. I will say here I have received
day after day letters from individuals in all
parts of the State, giving accounts of outrages
of all degrees and at the same time complain-
ing that there was no protection.
As directly bearing on this question of pro-
tection given by the State, I ask the reading
of a letter from a member of the State Legisla-
ture. It is but one of many of the same kind.
I also call attention to it as an answer to the
statement mads by the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Steyexsox] on Saturday about the riot
at Meridian, Mississippi. I know his authority
was a newspaper report. The judge killed was
a Republican and the friend and choice of the
colored peaple. They could not intentionally
kill the one man to whom of all others they
looked up to for protection. No, the npws-
paper report referred toby the honorable Sen-
ator is not true. I ask for the reading of the
letter I send to the desk.
The.Chief Clerk read as follows:
Legislative Department op Mississippi,
bENATB Chamber, Jackson, March 9,1871.
My Dear Sir : I am compelled by a sense of duty
to you as a friend, and Mississippi's only represent-
ative in the United States Senate, to give you flic
real condition of affairs here as I view them, and
uige on you the imp.vrtanco to us of prompt and
decisive action by tho Federal Government to give
us peace, and that protection which, as citizens ol the
country, we have a right to demand. In a former
letter I told you of the incie-sed boldness and
recklessness of the K. K. K. Oe eiisionai deeds of
violence ive had been taught by experience in this
StMto to expect. But we never expected the whole-
sale murder ot Republicans by rebels which wc arc
now forced to admit are transpiring daily. The truth
about the not" at Meridian, of which the tele-
feraph has ere thisdoubfclrss informed you, will piob-
ably never reach you. To give it the mildest name
possible would be to characterize it as a small iebt'1-
lionoi the whites of that community against the duly
constituted authorities of tho city and county. In
lis coloring .the/4 riot" would appear to be
the wholesale assassin ati on ot the weak and oppressed
colored population by the whites.
