1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
A 1 are'e Republican caucus last night appointed
a committee to wait on the Governor and urge him
to exert every effort to aid the people who were
reported by persons from there to be flying in every
direction for their lives, pursued by an angrv mob
of white men and boys, and to use every effort to
succor Hon. J. Aaron Moore, who was reported to
have been seen a i a flag-station as the Vicksburg-
bound train passed. It was also reported that the
officers of tho train telegraphed back to Moridian
from the noxtstation that Moore wasseon and where
they would find him. It is greatly feared that they
will kill him. Thisevening SenatorGleed, who had
been home and was returning in company with Hen-
derson, of Chickasaw, via Meridian, informs us that
he lay over with tho train at Meridia,n last night, and
that the whites kept up an armed patrol all night of
the town; that tho colored people, with very few
exceptions, had been driven away or were kept en-
tirely off thestreet; that the whites were also patrol-
ling the surrounding country, and some thirty or
more got on board the train by which he left to come
as far as Forest, whero they got off. They—thearmei
patrol by the train—were said to be hunting for
Moore.
Gleed says further, that colored persons whom he
saw reported many more killed than is publicly
stated; that the number hunted down and shot in
the woods on Monday and Tuesday after the "riot"
can never be accurately known. Some idea of the
character of the "affair " may be formed from one
circumstance in the killing of one of tho freedmen.
After he had been shot by some fifteen or twenty
bullets through the body his throat was cut from
ear to ear, his ears cut off and placed one over each
eye. One colored man was pursued by a squad of
twenty-five or thirty whites, who each emptied a
Ecun or pistol into him while he ran, until he foil,
i'hey then went up to him and mutilated the body.
One young colored girl is reported to have been shot
while standingnoar the door of her father's cabin.
It is reported from the same source that colored
women who are on farms in the country are forced
to tell where their husbands are or be lulled. Others
are outraged. Democrats who came as a committee
to wait on the Governor and secure the removal of
the "obnoxious" officials, which purpose was without
delay accomplished, admit the mutilating of the two
bodies mentioned above, butsayin extenuation that
the people had borne the insolence of the "niggers "
long enough, and that they had only determined on
violent measures as a remedy, and tho only one,
which would teach "niggers" to know and keep
their pla,ce. Members of this committee were heard
also to say that the " people of that county had had
the last nigger officer they would ever have over
them." I tnink there were but three colored men in
office, and those were minor offices. Shanon, of the
paper there, was one of the committee. There is no
douotleft in my own mind but that the riotis simply
a result of a combination to overthrow Republican-
ism in that couuty by the rebels. Henderson's state-
ment corroborates Gleed's. Henderson also brings
news of a number of recent cases of violenco in his
county. School-houses aro being burned throughout
the whole State, and teachers driven off. There is
being perfected a complete army of Ivu Klux, with
theimibovdinate branches, through the State in each
county. Tho last information from the Governor as
to ".his policy" is contained in the following account
of a visit by refugees from Meridian, who prayed him
to protect tliem in their right to live there:
"In reply to a question as to what they had better
do, the Governor advised all who could not live in
Meridian to leave there and come to Coahoma, where
lie would guaranty them good wages and protection
of life, and that lie would pay their expenses there.
Great God, just think of it one moment ! Yet this
is admitted by the Governor's intimate friends. In-
deed. they tell itin praise of the Governor's 'noble
generosity.'"
A later rumor from Moridian reports further kill-
ing to-day. The caucus resolved on a dispatch,
which was signed by Speaker Warren and forwarded
to you this evening. Unless something is speedily
done wo cannot tell what will be tho result of all
those trouble^. I presume, the reason there were no
more whites killed at Meridian is found in the pre-
vious disarming of all tho colored people by the
sheriff, who promised them protection.
lean see no hope for us except through you and
the Congress, however humiliating it may be to
admit it.
Kespoetfully and sincerely, yours,
Mr. AMES. I call attention to the reported
reply of the Governor to the lielplessrrefugees
from Meridian. He "advised all who couid
not. live in Meridian to leave there and come
to Coahoma, his own county, where he would
guaranty them good wages and protection of
life, and that he would pay their expenses
there." The writer adds; " Great God, just
think of it one moment! " And this is told in
"praise of the Governor's noble generosity!"
I will but say, "Just think of it," this is
protection ! So the colored people on the four
hundred miles, more or less, of Alabama fron-
tier will find good wages and protection for
life by going to the Mississippi river, on the
-other side of the State! How would honor-
able Senators like such protection for them-
selves and their families?
In these deeds of blood, committed by men
known as ICu Klux, are to be found the hostil-
ity to the Government which was engendered
by the rebellion and the contempt for human
life 'which is but the natural result of slavery.
I am not prepared to assert, nor do I assert,
thai these murderers are recognized auxil-
iaries of that party which is opposed to the
Republican party; but it is a fact that their
deeds result to the advantage of that party.
In some instances personal animosities may be
the cause of their action, but generally the
causes and consequences are political.
In Louisiana,within about sixty days before
the presidential campaign of 1868, there were
eight hundred and fifty-nine political murders,
the victims being Republicans. Startling as
this fact may be, there is that in connection
with it which is no less startling, and that is
that none of those who killed these eight hun-
dred and fifty-nine Republicans suffered any
penalties for their deeds. I give the figures so
far as relates to one State for a brief period of
time. The exact figures are unimportant; let
them be half or one fourth or one eighth of
that number and we have a record horrible
enough.
It is not my purpose to misrepresent or
deceive.^ I am conscientiously trying to give
some faint idea of the real state of affairs at
the South. When I speak of the eight hun-
dred murders in Louisiana in sixty days 1 do
not wish to be understood as saying that there
is that number of murders in each of the States
every two months. That number is certainly
very large; so large that those who do not care
to believe find therein cause for not believing.
But what I unhesitatingly assert as true is this:
murders and outrages are committed in nearly
every section of the South to such an extent
as to intimidate voters and to deprive those
of one party substantially of the free exercise
of their right of suffrage.
It must not be forgotten that, as a general
thing, it is the prominent Republican who is
killed, and not the obscure or insignificant.
Now, I would ask, what political party at the
North can retain its vigor and lose yearly in
each State by murder eight hundred of its best
and most reliable workers? It is not so much
in the diminution of their numbers by so many
that the great political harm is done as in the
demoralization consequent thereto. Whole
counties become paralyzed, and inaction falls
on recognized leaders, who, there, because of
the want of universal education, are much
more depended upon than at the North. It can
very easily be understood how cities, counties,
and whole States change their political com-
plexion under such opposition as this.
I have said that the perpetrators of these
crimes go unpunished. They not only go
unpunished, but they are apparently respected
and honored. As no one ever heard ol" a Ku
Klux being brought to justice by the members
of tho community in which he may live, so no
one ever heard it whispered that he fell under
the ban for such deeds. On the contrary, he
is looked upon, one is led to believe, as a public
benefactor. I have known where communities
resisted with deadly weapons attempts of the
civil authorities to arrest one of these well-
known murderers.
But we are told that these men should be
tried by a jury of their neighbors. As juries are
organized it becomes almost an impossibility
to legally form one which dare act. Where
there may be the will to perform the duty con-
scientiously, fear ofthe consequences prevents.
Cut even though a jury be formed it will be
found that witnesses will be wanting. I will
not assert that men perjure themselves, but
call attention to the fact that though there may
be in rare instances trials there are no con-
victions, and still men are murdered.
We hear of outrages at all times, but we
know they are the more numerous at times
of elections, and that the bloodiest, blackest
period was thatof the presidential campaign of
1868. By a careful study of the past we will
be forced tothe conclusion that, in this matter,
some one will, or power, or purpose controls.
•U nder like circumstances, like causes will pro-
duce like effects. Future contests for party
supremacy will be but repetitions of the past;
and unless the Government interferes hun-
dreds and hundreds of men are yet to be made
martyrs of for opinion's sake. And when
this "white mail's party" shall dominate,
should it ever, you will see class legislation so
harsh and so cruel aseither to force the colored
people into a serfdom worse than slavery, or
else a condition of affairs which will force you
to take the step you are now asked to take. ■
No nation, no people has ever been so
magnanimous as ours. Christian forgiveness
upon repentance hardly surpasses the acts of
our Government even without confession, much
less repentance. And how is this forgiveness
received? Ask those once with them who have
now turned from them. Read The report of
your special committee to inquire into the
reported outrages at the South and you will
learn.
In those States where the late rebel element
controls the loyal people are being treated in
a manner far different from that those same
rebels received at the hands of the' Govern-
ment. Their debt forgiven, they have no mercy
for those who never failed in patriotism. So
inordinate are thoir prejudices and hatred that
to gratify them they even, to their own mate-
rial disadvantage, seriously disturb their sys-
tem of labor. Though in our young country
and younger States length of residence or polit-
ical faith should never be particularly scruti-
nized, yet there, due to the continuance of
the policv of exclusion which was nccessary to
slavery, a departure from their own arbitrary
standard as to political religion dooms a man
to untold hardships and sufferings.
Treating the loyal people as they do now, with
the General Government in harmony with that
which conducted the war, what may we not
expect when this Government shall be in the
hands of the late rebels, or if not in their hands,
in the hands of those who will be subordinate
to' them? For, with their ideas of the past
prevailing, with their political organizations
which, in discipline and subordination, equal
that of any army, should they once gain the
ascendency, with fourteen or sixteen States de-
voted to their cause, they will so revolution-
ize the present order of things that only the
bravest men will deem it expedient to inveigh
against treason.
The ideas which were contesting for the
supremacy from 1861 to 1865 are now in antag-
onism, and are leading to more dangerous
results than many of us are ready to believe.
It is asserted that the Constitution of the
United States does not authorize any action
on the part of the General Government to
protect life or to secure to our citizens their
political rights. It is not the late rebel who
might be the object of violence at the hands
of indignant and injured patriotism that pro-
tection is asked for, but it is for hunted and
humbled patriotism against the violence and
fraud of the arrogant and defiant rebel. The
single murder at the North with or without
political significance may not need national
interference, but at the South, where the same
forcc, physical and moral, which withstood for
four long years the nation's efforts, directed
by the same spirit, uses all its power to deprive
by violence and fraud citizens of every right,
practically even that of citizenship itself, the
question becomes a very different one. If
there be not this power, the States failing to
give the needed protection, then you have not
the power under the Constitution to suppress
rebellion. However, 1 do not pretend to in-
terpret the Constitution. Previous to these
