1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
by possibility in confidential relations have
access to the paper to purloin it; and, as we
see, it subjects those to whom the paper is con-
fided to the charge of having dishonorably
violated that confidence for a bribe. 1 cannot
understand how any one can fail to see the
wrong in such a proposal. And I have as little
sympathy with those who think it unimportant
whether a witness, when brought before the
highest tribunal of the country, be required
to answer the questions lawfully put to him.
Treat that as unimportant and you break down
the barriers that protect the interests of society,
life, reputation, liberty, property. Itwould not
answer for the Senate to set such an example
to the other tribunals of the country.
But, Mr. President, I doubted when this sub-
ject was before the Senate heretofore whether
the Senate had the lawful right to hold these
witnesses in custody after the termination of
the session, and was under the impression that
the resolution did not necessarily have that
effect. Such investigation as 1 have since been
able to give the question confirms the doubt
then entertained. The Senate may not violate
the law even to constrain others to respect
it. We must obey more carefully than the
humblest individual in society.
There is a vast difference between the case
of a person being held in prison as a punish-
ment for an offense of which he has been con-
victed and of one who is held there to induce
him to obey an order of a legislative assem-
bly. When the custody is as a punishment
the prisoner subjected to it must first have had
his trial, the benefit of witnesses and counsel;
the proceedings of the tribunal are subject to
be reviewed if the accused desires. None of
these conditions exist in reference to one who
is in custody for contempt. The difference is
recognized in the legislation of the several
States.
In the State constitutions there is no limit-
ation of the power of the Legislature to enact
laws imposing punishment for crime, but in
some eight or ten States the constitution re-
strains legislation imposing imprisonment for
contempt. In Illinois and Indiana it may not
continue more than twenty four hours after
the termination of the session ; in Tennessee,
Alabama, and Mississippi, forty-eight hours,
and in Louisiana the imprisonment must not
continue more than ten days after the session
ends.
No one can observe these constitutional
provisions and doubt that there is a recognized
difference in the two imprisonments, or doubt
that the power to imprison for coutempt is
much more limited than the power to imprison
for crime. If there was no limit to imprison-
ment by the legislative body the citizen might,
without trial, counsel, jury, witnesses, or pos-
sibility of review, be perpetually incarcerated.
This would be tyranny; and hence these con-
stitutional provisions.
Then, we find that the House of Commons
cannot hold one for contempt, as has been
repeatedly adjudged, after the termination
of the session ; while in the House of Lords
one may be hold after its legislative session
has terminated, because it is a court and in
continuous session, and at any time the witness
cau come forward and purge the contempt.
Our Senate in this regard is much more anal-
ogous to the House of Commons than to the
House of Lords.
Again, it will not be pretended that the
committee may commit to custody during the
recess of the Senate one who refuses to answer.
The discretion of the Senate must be exercised
before the offending witness can be imprisoned.
The resolution heretofore adopted authorizes
these witnesses to be brought before the com-
mittee and to answer certain questions. Sup-
pose they do answer them, and insist that tliey
have complied with the resolution, and under
the order of the Senate are entitled to their
discharge.
The committee, however, says that the wit-
nesses have not properly made answer, and
refuse their discharge; are they not continued
in custody by the discretion of the committee
rather than that of the Senate?
Further, sir, we have on this subject an
express authority. Cushing, in his Law and
Practice of Legislative Assemblies, uses these
words in the text:
"In this country the power to imprison is either
incidental to or is expressly conferred upon all our
legislative assemblies, and in some of the States it
is also regulated by express constitutional provision,
Where it is not so regulated it is understood that
the imprisonment terminates with tho session."
Can any one say that the power to imprison
claimed is, in the light of the considerations
submitted and of this authority, free from
doubt? The doubt settles our action ; for by
the common law a doubt is to be given in
favor of liberty, and especially is that true of
the common law as applied iu this country.
But, Mr. President, we have legislation on
this subject. The two Houses of Congress
have provided for just this case, not by saying,
as in the State constitution, that witnesses
shall not be held for contempt after the term-
ination of the session, but by saying that the
President of the Senate shall make a certifi-
cate describing the case, and hand it over to
the attorney of this District for prosecution,
and that conviction shall be followed by line
and imprisonment. That legislation is equiv-
alent to saying the Senate shall not hold for
contempt alter the termination of the session.
The case is otherwise provided for. One more
remark 
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. One more re-
mark and I will yield the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask a question?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If you insist
upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not insist upon it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Goon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not interrupt my
honorable friend if he declines to allow me to
ask a question.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the honor-
able Senator has any question to ask me, if it
is in my power I will answer it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question that I in-
tended to ask, and I ask it merely for inform-
ation, because 1 did not intend to interrupt my
friend, is this : whether he means to say that
this statute diminishes the power of the Sen-
ate, either during its session or after its session,
over the contumacy of a witness, as a matter
of law?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. * That is a fair
inquiry. The existence of the statute cer-
tainly does not diminish the power of the Sen-
ate during its session. I think it does make
the case stronger in favor of the position that
the power of the Senate to imprison terminates
with the session. Without the statute, from
analogy to the rule iu the House of Commons
and to the constitutions ofseveral of the States,
from the parliamentary law as laid down by
Cushing, it is well settled that the power of the
Senate to imprison terminates with the session;
and when, in addition to all this, we find that
both Houses of Congress have contemplated
just the case before us and have provided a
remedy, and told us what to do with the con-
tumacious witness, in my opinion it is clear
we cannot continue the imprisonment.
The effect of the statute is this: by parlia-
mentary law you cannot hold a witness after
the end of the session, and here is a remedy.
The case is by reason of the statute much
stronger in favor of the position that our power
terminates with the session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why so?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Carpexteb,] I understand, wishes
to address the Senate on this question, as it is
his undoubted right to do, he being chairman
of the committee, and as he is not very well
he would prefer to speak to-morrow morning.
As I think we are not going to adjourn finally
to-night, wo might as well adjourn now until
to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish my friend from
Ohio would let me make a speech, not three
or four hours long, but about three minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. I would but for a partic-
ular reason that I have. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
to-morrow at ten o'clock.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Call it eleven.
Mr. THURMAN. I prefer eleven. 1 will
say eleven. I move that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock
to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cragis
in the chair.) The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio, that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet at eleven
o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS rose.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will renew
the motion I will withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will renew it. I should
not have asked the indulgence of the Senate
at this moment to reply to my friend from New
Jersey but for the statement that he made and
the inquiry that I put to him. Now, the whole
fallacy of this notion about imprisonment—
because this is merely a matter of principle,
and I only say what I am about to s&y, for the
record—is this: when a witness is held by the
House of Commons, (taking that for the high-
est possible illustration,) in order to compel
him to testify before a committee, the moment
the power of that committee fails the power
of examining fails and he cannot be held any
longer. Therefore, when any body that is
competent to continue a committee during its
recess does continue that committee it is
competent for that body, as an incident to
precisely the same power, to continue the cus-
tody of a witness until he answers before that
committee a proper question.
My friend from New Jersey says that the
committee cannot judge of what is a proper
question. I agree to that; it must be the Sen-
ate, and the Senate has decided that a particu-
lar question is proper. The witness says he
has answered it, and my friend says the com-
mittee says he has not. What then? Then
the law steps in, if he wishes to try the ques-
tion, and determines whether he has obeyed
the order of the Senate or not, and a judge ci-
a court immediately determines then whether
he has complied with the order of the com-
petent authority that had imprisoned him, just
as a court would do in a judicial investigation
before itself.
Mr. President, I do not care about this for
this particular occasion ; it is a mere matter
of principle as the thing now stands, and as a
matter of principle I expect to vote to continue
the custody of the gentlemen who are in cus-
tody, because I think that is the law of the
case and our duty under the circumstances.
Of course, personally to them I have nothing
to say. They act upon what they think to be
right. I have no quarrel to make with them;
that is their affair; but the time wilt come
when this Senate will be sorry if it solemnly
decides that it has no power over a person who
sets the law, not the Senate, who sets the pub-
lic interest, not a private curiosity, at defiance.
The Senate will be sorry indeed if it decide
beforehand that we have no power over them
unless we shall continue in continuous session.
I say this, not as to witnesses merely, but as
to a thousand things that occur iu the course
of administration.
Therefore, as a matter of principle I merely
wish to enter my protest against the sugges-
tion of my friend from New Jersey, that our
power over this subject must terminate with
this session under the circumstances that now
exist.
