200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
as did the honorable Senator from Ohio this
morning, that greater outrages had not been
committed. My answer to that way of doing
it is that we have tried it for six long years.
Sir, scarcely had the sound of the cannon gone
from our land, and before the i*attle of the
drum marshaling the soldiers under arms had
died away, a spirit of magnanimity, of forgive-
ness, of unexampled generosity prevailed
throughout this country. Sir, never since the
plan of salvation had there been witnessed so
sublime a magnanimity as was exhibited by the
Republican party of this nation toward its
offender. There was not a hearthstone but had
a vacant place around it, not a home but had
a .vacant chair, and yet, in a spirit of a full,
Christian magnanimity, we said, "Father, for-
give them, for they know not what they did."
That was the language of the Republican party.
We wooed them with all the sweetness of which
we were capable; we pointed lo the former
glory of this nation; we pointed to the scars
that they had inflicted or. the garments of the
Goddess of Liberty, and begged of them, by
all the glories of the past aud the hopes of a
still more glorious future, to return to tlieir
allegiance and forget that they had banded to-
gether for the destruction of this noble Gov-
ernment. But, sir, as deaf as the adder and
as blind as the mole, they would not listen;
and the spirit that they had exhibited upon the
field seemed to grow more malignant in repose.
When we attempted here to clothe four mil-
lions of people among them with the rights of
citizens, wo were told what the result would
be, aud it has been more than realized. The
tvoubielies throughout that whole country that
their education from their earliest infancy to-
ward the negro race can no more be erased or
eradicated from theiji than the spot could bo
eradicated from the hand of Macbeth'a wife.
No, sir, it is a part of them, and f repeat that
the honorable Senator from Kentucky held out
the other day the real ieeling: a negro was
appointed a mail agent, and for that reason
the South were incensed !
Sir, Idonotuuderstand the philosophy of this
reasoning. Most men—wise men at least—
take the condition of things as they are ; and
when the law, ay, sir, when the' Constitu-
tion itself, which thov are so fond of quoting,
made these men citizens, and entitled to all
the rights and privileges and immunities of
ourselves, where is the logic of the reasoning
that these southerners must he educated to
receive and respect it? Sir, it is the Consti
tution; it is their right, and whatever the edu-
cation of us individually may have been we
must accept il as a fact.
There is not the pretense now that there was
111 olden times, that the Constitution covered
and justified the degradation of the negro.
My honored friend on my left [Mr. Sum-
ner] will remember when he was arraigned
upon this floor and was told that it was a
thing unconstitutional to discuss or agitate
the question of slavery. They say they seek
repose, aud the honorable Senator from Ohio
said this morning that they were the party of
order and of law. How waa it in Kansas ?
It was unconstitutional for freemen to take
possession'of that soil, and in a spirit of con-
stitutional^resistanee they reddened the green
fields^ of Kansas with blood 1 It was not con-
stitutional for freemen to live there, and they
burned their dwellings in the night and their
families escaped through the wet praiiie grass
by the lurid damps of their own habitations!
It was not constitutional then to invade, as
they calied it, the Territory with freemen.
Sir, there will never he anything constitutional
in their minds till they get possession of the
helm ol'this Government.
Now, Mr. Piesident, does this thing exist;
and what is the reason for it? There is a
philosophy in their madness. The testimony
shows that in the strongly Democratic coun-
in.©rtli Carolina these organizations do
not exist, nor in the counties that were strongly
Republican. But in those counties that were
evenly, balanced, where a few votes would
change the scale, there these brave constitu-
tional defenders took their stand, with masks
so hideous that they scared even Turner him-
self; but he did say, in justiceto him—I must
admit it—that he was not afraid of any injury
being done to him by the Ku Klux. Oh, no;
men never war upon their friends; itis their
enemies that they are at war with. And, sir,
what was the proceeding? A man by the name
of Outlaw, a quiet, peaceable man, living in
one of the quiet towns of North Carolina, was
taken out of his bed at night and hanged; and
the arm of the law fell impotent for the pun-
ishment of his murderer.
We are told by honorable gentlemen that we
must expect these things, that they are the
result of that distempered condition of things
in which the rebellion left us. Sir, I have a
letter in my pocket from a careful observer in
the South, who says he can enumerate fifty
thousand murdered men since the rebellion
closed. [Laughter on the Democratic side.]
Gentlemen laugh. They would laugh more I
suppose if one hundred thousand was the num-
ber 1 This careful observer writes me a letter
from Tennessee, in which he says that fifty
thousand in all the southern States have been
slaughtered since the rebellion closed. Mr.
President,is not ih'at enough? Suppose when
they killed five this distempered imagination
had become cooled; suppose when they liad
shown that they were yet masters of the field,
they had stopped these outrages. But no, sir,
wherever there was a Republican majority that
could be set aside by murder, by fraud, by dis-
order, there their .operations were the largest
and most effective. I asked this Mr. Turner
myself if it did not cause alarm in that coun-
try, and he said it did. How could it be other-
wise? Jails wore thrown open in the night,
from four to ten men taken out, and they found
in the morning drowned iu a neighboring river
or hung oil neighboring trees 1 All this is done
I suppose by way of palliation, to let dowu
this irritated mind to its proper level 1
Sir, if these things are to exist—I care not
whether they are political or not—this Govern-
ment is at an end, for whenever the hoar
arrives that a Government cannot protect its
citizens, that moment it ceases to be a Govern-
ment that is entitled to respect from anybody.
Now, sir, what means shall we take? We have
tried law. I am in favor of trying another
remedy. I would dig around these men, and
see if we cannot enrich them with the princi-
ples of republican freedom ere I slew them ;
though their sins are now so flagrant, I would
try them again ; and this is called on the part
of the opposition here a dominating oppression !
Mr. President, I would that these things were
not so. It is not only painful to me as an
American citizen, but it is painful to me as a
man, to see a record made here, to go out to all
the world, that our citizens are slaughtered by
thousands, and that there is no power in the
local or General Government to put it down.
As a member of this Government, I repudiate
that doctrine and that saying entirely. There
is power to put it down, and if it requires and
invokes thai power that it took to put down
the rebellion let it be used.
Mr. President, this is not the deadliest form
of these Ku Klux organizations. Mr. Turner
says that he does not know of any Republican
belonging to them. From necessity, then, they
must be made up largely of the officers and
soldiers of the confederate army, and one poor
ignorant, but simple-hearted fellow, tells us
that they informed him in their lodge meet-
ings that they wanted our country to get into
a trouble with some foreign country, and then
they would fight us in the rear and get back
what they lost in the rebellion. Mr. Presi-
dent, talk of it as you please, that is the mov-
ing elemenfctif this organization. The primary
aim is to get the power in.hands that will not
punish them if they do this, and the next is to
do the deed which they attempted to do in the
rebellion.
Sir, if this Government has not power to put
it down, I undertake to say, and I venture the
assertion to-day, that it means war, and war to
the knife. How slow were we when they were
sending the signals for their gatherings in the
South when the rebellion commenced to believe
that war was really intended. When we were
told that troops were gathering at Richmond
we tried to solace ourselves with the reflection
that it did not mean war; but that it did mean
war is attested by the first crossing of arras at
Bull Run. That it did„mean war years of his-
tory more bloody than any others in the world's
records has attested. Sir, that organization
then was not half as complete as now. They
have a trained army of hardy veteran soldiers
that my friend from Missouri [Mr. Blair] has
crossed swords with on many a field. Tliey
are there in arms to-day, and there they will
lie in arms till the power of this Government
is asserted to disarm them and put them down.
These, Mr. President, are unpleasant things
to say, but they are my honest and candid con-
viction. Underlying all this is the hope of
the resurrection of that fearful rebellion which
we put down six years ago! We had better
talk in plain terms about this. I tell you, sir,
the camp fires are lighted in a number of these
States, and these men who are now disguised,
if the bugle sounds in a foreign war; will be
ready to be the allies of that foreign Power.
And yet we are told by the honorable Senators
on the other side that this thing will pass away !
It was four years after the surrender of Lee
before these organizations were complete, and
instead of passing away they are gathering
strength every day we live.
We are told that all that has been done is
only the slaughter of a few colored men? And
my friend from Delaware yesterday pictuied
the youthful faees of the men who had been
wronged by Colonel Kirk in North Carolina.
He drew a picture so beautiful that if Ho
garth could have sketched it it would have
been his immortal piece. [Laughter]. There
were two white boys who were hanged to make
them confess. I think Kirk was wrong in
that. I, with my two friends on the committee
representing the minority, think he did wrong.
But here are ten killed in a night, and the
excuse is that it is the result of the fevered
excitement that yet lingers upon the memory
of the old rebellion !
Sir, there it will linger, if not stopped, till
enough of the colored race have been slaugh-
tered and driven from their homes to make a
majority for the Democracy certain iu this
nation. Oh, sir, how they long for the flesh-
pots! Like weaning lambs they are rubbing
their ears against the fences between them-
selves and power, so hungry that they must
feed on blood to a triumph. Do not be m a
hurry, gentlemen. If you attempt to succeed
in this nefarious way, as God reigns you will
be beaten worse than you ever were. Is it. so
important that the Democracy get power that
hecatombs of bones of slaughtered colored men
must be seen all around us? In the name of
God, what did the Democracy do for us before
the war and during it that entitles them to this
harvest at such a sacrifice? They sat back as
sullen as a sullen mule in the harness, and
said they did not think there was going to be
much of a shower; and when our soldiers
*£ero walking, to their armpits iu blood they
declared that the restoration of the Onion was
an object that never could be reached. But
with that abiding faith with which a sense of
freedom clothes men, we did succeed, but
never with the approbation of the Democracy
as a party. I say nothing as to individuals,
and I would that the party could have a lucid
interval, as had some of their individual mem-
bers.
