1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
condemnation and punishment. A lawyer
comes, after long years of practice, to be, what
the law is, no respecter of persons. He comes
at length even to the belief that whether an
offense be committed by a peer of the realm,
or an outcast of society skirmishing for an
existence in the purlieus of our civilization,
punishment should follow.
Now, sir, mark the distinction between a
mere lawyer and a great statesman. You sub-
mit to a body of statesmen the single question,
is a potato a vegetable, and you thereby open
for discussion the tariff and free trade, cor-
ruption in office, and reform in the civil ser-
vice ; you open the entire animal and mineral
kingdoms, the creation of the world, the fall
of man, and original sin ; and while the qual-
ities and character of the potato are entirely
ignored, your statesmen sit on cushioned chairs,
as Milton's devils sat apart, while their chief
had gone to contrive some villainy—
"And reason'd high
Of Providence, foreknowledge, will, and fate,
Fixed fate, free will, foreknowledge absolute;
And found no end, in wand'ring mazes lost."
It is the characteristic of a statesman that
he cannot be confined to a particular subject
or a single theme. The question whether a
witness should be compelled to answer a proper
question brings the entire universe under his
investigation ; and scorning a small subject,
he soars, and walks—
"Like light the clouds among."
When this report was presented we were in
the first place encountered by a motion from
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Fejtton.]
I read from the Globe of the 18th:
"Mr. Fhnton. Mr. President, I do not like this
resolution very well, aud am not certain that I shall
support it."
That was the resolution to commit for con-
tem pt.
"I will send to the Clerk's desk a substitute."
The substitute is as follows:
"That the President of the Senate be directed to
propound to Z. L. White and II. J. Ramsdell, now
at the bar oi the Senate, the iollowing interrogatory:
" ' Did you receivc the copy ot the treaty of Wash-
ington. which yon have sworn you telegraphed to
(ho New York Tribune, from any Senator of the
United States, the clerk or secretary of any Senator,
or any member of the family of any Senator, or from
any officer or employe of the Senate or any member
of the family thereoi V
"And the said White and Ramsdell bo directed to
return an answer under oath in writing to this inter-
rogatory."
I believe the Senator from New York has
not the misfortune to be a lawyer; his mental
processes are not trammeled by the technical
rules familiar to the profession; he is alto-
gether a statesman. And the question which
he proposed for answer by these witnesses, if
it had been framed by a lawyer, would have
been regarded by every member of the profes-
sion as a studied and artful attempt to stifle
further investigation. What would you say of
a witness called in the trial of an indictment
against John Smith for stealing a horse who
should present himself and say, "May it please
jour honor, lam called as a witness on the
trial of John Smith for stealing a horse; you
have no right to try any other question. I
am willing to file a statement in writing, on
oath, that John Smith did not steal the horse.
Beyond that you have no right to inquire, and
counsel have no right to interrogate me; and
beyond that I will submit to no examination.
1 will not permit counsel to cross-examine me
f.s to the foundation of my knowledge, or the
correctness of my conclusions; and you have
no jmisdic'.ion to subject me to any such
cross examination, because you are limited to
the inquiry, did John Smith steal the horse."
There is no doubt, sir. that a judge, on being
satisfied that the witness was not a lunatic,
v, ouhl order him to answer all proper ques-
tions. and send him to jail if he refused.
l! a copy of this treaty was furnished by
any Senator for publication, m disregard of
the rules of this body, which prescribe expul-
sion as a punishment for such act, it is uut
to be supposed that he handed it in person
to the reporter. Therefore the answer of the
reporter that he did not receive it from a Sen-
ator, accompanied by a refusal to answer from
whom he did receive it, does not exonerate
the Senate, nor does it enable the committee
to ascertain,what the Senate desired to know,
how and by whom the treaty was made public.
This publication may have been made from
a Senator's copy, without any fault on his part.
It may be true that without negligence or
knowledge on his part his copy was purloined
and used; and this fact ascertained would ex-
onerate every member of the Senate. But
the witness, after answering that he knew from
whom the copy was obtained, refused to state
from whom he procured it; and it was pro-
posed by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Fexton] that the witness should only be re-
quired to state from whom he did not procure
it, and not from whom he did procure it. Had
the witness answered that he procured the
copy from John Smith, John Smith could
have been called to prove from whom he ob-
tained it; and thus the responsibility for the
offense could have been fixed upon the indi-
vidual who committed it. But to excuse the
witness from answering such question was
simply to preclude further investigation. Of
course the Senator from New York [Mr.
Fenton] is as anxious as any Senator that the
most thorough and searching investigation
should be made upon this subject, but he will
pardon me for saying that his method would
not secure the desired result.
To repeat what I have said, when I offered
the resolution which directed that the contum-
acious witness should be committed to jail
until he answered the pertinent aud proper
questions put by the committee, and which he
had refused to answer, I assumed that even if
there had been a difference of opinion among
Senators as to the propriety of the investiga-
tion—which there was not—there could be no
difference of opinion as to the obligation of
the witness to answer. Before preparing the
resolution, desiring to observe all righteous-
ness of form, I requested the Secretary of the
Senate to furnish me some precedent, and he
handed me the volume containing the pro-
ceedings in Hyatt's case. In that I was
extremely unfortunate.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
neb] was a member of the committee, and
concurred in the report that Messrs. White
and Ramsdell were in contempt for their re-
fusal to answer proper questions. He had
the kindness to admonish the witnesses when
before the committee that their refusal would
subject them to punishment for contempt.
But, sir, the mere fact that the resolution
was drawn according to the precedent from
Hyatt's case awakened in the mind of the
honorable Senator a long train of gloomy re-
flections against slavery and the prosecutors
of the investigation as to the abolition invaders
of Virginia who entered that ancient domin-
ion by the way of Harper's Ferry ; and the
honorable Senator sprang into championship
of these contumacious witnesses against the
logical result of the report in which he had con-
curred, and made what a newspaper of his
own State declares to be one of the greatest
constitutional arguments of his life.
Mr. SUMNER. Isthatso?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is so; by which
I mean the paper says so. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Massachusetts was once a
lawyer, but he has been a statesman for a long
time, and must be supposed to have lost some
of the characteristics of the profession !o which
his early years were devotee!. Let ire ask hini
what would the luminaries of the law in his
own State, could they bo recalled from their
graves, say to his course in this proceeding?
What would Parsons, and Parker, and Shaw,
and Stoiy say of a Massachusetts Senator who
should vote against committing to the common
jail a witness who should contumaciously re-
fuse to answer a proper question in the course
of an investigation ordered by the Senate of
the United States? What would those great
judges say?
An investigation is ordered by the Senate;
a committee is appointed to conduct it. The
first witness called states that he is possessed
of all the facts, but refuses to disclose them;
and, on a motion to commit him for contempt,
a Senator from Massachusetts makes a great
speech in which he discusses everything except
the question under consideration, and finally
votes in the negative.
But, sir, Ipardon totheSenator from Massa-
chusetts the course he pursued, in tender con-
sideration ofhis long absence from the courts;
but my heart was broken when my honorable
friend from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] turned his
back upon logic and the law. I love and admire
that Senator, and sincerely do I mourn his
course in this proceeding. He maintained that
the Senate had the power to make this invest-
igation. He admitted that it had been ordered,
and that the questions put by the committee
to the witness were pertinent and proper, and
that the witness was in contempt. He was
too good a lawyer to deny these propositions.
But, sir, he turned his back upon his own
speech aud upon his life-long training in the
profession, and demonstrated that he, too, had
become a statesman. [Laughter, j He opposed
the resolution to commit the witness for con-
tempt. He admitted the duty of the Senate to
make the investigation. He was too good a
lawyer not to know that the investigation had
not been made because of the contumacious
refusal of witnesses to answerproper questions.
That is, it was the duty of the Senate to investi-
gate and not to investigate. It was the duty
of the Senate to investigate and the duly of the
Senate not to punish a witness who prevented
the investigation. In other words, although
the Senate ought to investigate the matter, if it
encounter a witness who refuses to answer it
ought to suspend investigation. This, sir, is the
conclusion of the statesman, not of the lawyer,
Mr. President, I have no ambition ever to
be a statesman. If the Almighty will save
me from that fate I shall not be unthankful.
Were I called upon to-day by my brethren—I
mean my brethren of the bar, for I claim no
brotherhood among statesmen—to vindicate
the Senator from Ohio upon this subject—-no ;
I do not mean vindicate; for no lawyer, with
a fee in his pocket, would attempt that impos-
sible task—but if I were called upon to otfer
the best possible apology for his course, I
should commence by a frank statement of the
facts. I would say, "Brethren, true it is the
Senator from Ohio is a good lawyer ; he has
practiced long at the bar, and presided with
distinction and honor upon the bench, send-
ing, no doubt, many a man to jail for contempt
of judicial judgments; he knows what the law
requires, he knew these witnesses to be in
contempt of the Senate, he knew that they
ought to be sent to the common jail, and yet
he voted not to send them there. His con-
duct is indefensible. Yet Christian charity
and professional forbearance demand that
we should consider and properly estimate the
circumstances under which and the tempt-
ation before which he fell. He is a candidate
for the Presidency ; and it is a lamentable fact
that with the lawyer and statesman, as a New
England poet says of a sleigh-ride Willi the
lovely lasses of the Green mountains, ' Venus
rose as the mercury fellso the lawyer sinks
as the statesman rises." [Laughter.] And
hawng thus made the only apology i con id
conceive of for his course, I should conclude. in
the language of Woolsey:
" Cromwell, I charge thee fling amiiiiimi:
]jy that ojii rol l th3 .ingoi-: .v i.it] mun, then,
The image of his Maker, hope to win by 't.,!
Well, Mr. President, without dwelling upon
the mournful details of this melancholy chap-
ter of the Senate's history, suffice it to say that
the Senaie, on the motion of the Senator from
