202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Sir. if nothing but power will stop it, let it
be the power of the law or the power of the
sword. It must be stopped. How, think you,
Mr, President, it reads in foreign countries
when they open our papers'in the morning to
read that the victims, sixty, or hundreds, as in
Louisiana, were massacred yesterday, and yet
the American Congress sat tamely down as
stupid to al! human appearance as stupidity
itself. Sir, I appeal to Republicans with more
confidence than I do to the Democracy—of
course I appeal to them—whether they will
Stop half way in this work of regeneration.
No, sir; let us stand here till the cry of mur-
der shall cease, let us stand here and ward off-
to tbe best of our ability until the sound of
the lash shall die away. Let us stand here
and legislate between them and the wrong-
doers until every cabin shall be quiet and
peaceable, and every man, black and white,
shall sit down under this broad tree of Amer-
ican protection with no one to harm him or
make him afraid.
Mr. President, I have said all I desire to
say on this subject, and again thanking my
friend from Pennsylvania for yielding the floor,
I surrender it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to interpose a motion
for a recess at half past four o'clock?
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is very desir-
able that we should come to a vote this even-
ing on the resolution nominally before the
Senate, although it is by no means necessary
to close the debate, which is really upon the
resolution of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.] if the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia will allow me, I move that at half past
four the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to it.
Mr. SCOTT. If there be objection, of course
it will give rise to debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. An objection does not
prevent the motion being made, I submit. I
make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Chair thinks that as
one subject is pending it must be laid aside
before the Senate can proceed to another.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the
Senator from Rhode Island proposes only to
sit out his resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Only the resolution that
is pending to settle the order of business. I
do not wish to cut off any debate that Senators
may wish to make upon the subject that is
really before the Senate, which is the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being interposed, the Chair will take the sense
of the Senate. Senators who agree to a recess
from half past four o'clock to half past seven
will say " ay;" those opposed will say " no,"
[putting the question.]
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 25, noes 15.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, we are con-
sidering a resolution 
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that the
Senator from Pennsylvania would naturally
and logically desire to submit his remarks
upon the resolution offered by me, and would
do so if the pending resolution offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island could be disposed
of. He may retain the floor on my resolution
while the action of the Senate is had on the
proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CONKLING. That is right. Let us
vote on that.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no ob-
jection be made the vote can be now taken
upon the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection to that,
I keeping the floor on the other resolution.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this resolution, and 1 shall make some
few remarks on that amendment. It is to add
to the resolution the House bills repealing the
duties on coal and salt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri objects to the vote being taken
on the resolution of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. SCOTT. Then, Mr. President, although
perhaps what I shall Say might be more appro-
priately said upon the resolution which has
been offered by the Senator from Ohio, yet as
the resolution now before us contemplates the
final adoption of the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio, I shall proceed to say what I desire
to say upon that, the pending resolution.
We contemplate passing a resolution which
will instruct the J udiciary Committee to bring in
a bill to authorize the courts to punish offenses
now being committed in the southern States
against life and property and to enable the
Executive more effectually to execute the laws.
A mere statement of the question, Mr. Presi-
dent, shows that it is, as Was stated in the lan-
guage of one of the Senators near me, a "seri-
ous business." It is more to me than a serious
business; it is a sad business; and I think iio
Senator upon this floor can approach the con-
sideration of this subject without feeling how
serious and how sad it is. If we are to intro-
duce a bill to reach the evils that are com-
plained of in the South we all see at once that
it contemplates the punishment in the courts
of the United States of the crimes of murder
and arson and personal violence. This alone
starts a question which cannot be disposed of
in this body without the most searching inquiry
into the powers of the General Government. I
do not propose to start that question here, for
the appropriate time to consider it will be
when that bill shall be reported. If a bill be
reported which authorizes the President to use
more power than he now possesses, either to
execute the law which we shall pass or the
law which is now upon the statute-book, that
contemplates a state of affairs which must
certainly make every man sad. [Several Sen-
ators approached Mr. Scott and made sugges-
tions to him.]
I am again appealed to, Mr. President, to
yield for the purpose of seeing if a time can
be fixed for the purpose of taking a vote on
the resolution now pending; and having yielded
so often for all variety of purposes, I feel as
if I had better, perhaps, give way altogether
and let the Senate come to some conclusion
about the order of business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will take advantage of
my friend's amiability 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania still has the floor on the resolution I
offered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to propose, at
the suggestion of Senators around me, that
to-inorrow at two o'clock the Senate shall
proceed to vote, without further debate, on
the resolution now pending, first upon any
amendment 
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution and the
amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY. Butupontheamendments
without debate. Tbe proposition is that we
shall proceed to vote at two o'clock to-morrow.
If that understanding can be arrived at gen-
erally I should be very glad to see the order
for a recess rescinded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the proposition to be that the Sen-
ate shall take a vote on the pending resolution
and the amendments to-morrow at two o'clock.
Is there any objection? [" Withoutdebate."]
Without debate.
Mr. SAWYER. I have offered an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
_Mr. SUMNER and others. That is another
thing.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg Senators' pardon.
1 have offered an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio to the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island, and I
wish to be heard on that amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. At length?
Mr. SAWYER. To-night.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
honorable Senator is his amendment one to
the resolution of the Senator from Ohio, or
to this resolution in reference to the order of
business?
Mr. SAWYER. My amendment is an
amendment to an amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio to the-pending resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the first question before the
Senate is the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio adds some words to this
resolution. That is true.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
South Carolina consent to let us take the vote
at two o'clock to-morrow ?
Mr. SAWYER. I will consent to take the
vote at two o'clock to-morrow if there is any
reasonable ground to suppose that I can get
the floor to-night.
Mr. ANTHONY. The idea was, if the vote
could be taken at two o'clock to-morrow, to
rescind the order for a recess; otherwise we
intend to stay here and vote to-night.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask, would it be
agreeable to the Senator from South Carolina
to submit his remarks this afternoon ?
Mr. SAWYER. Any time; but I do not
want to stand in the way of other gentlemen.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the Senator from
Rhode Island that I indicated just now that it
was my purpose to move an amendment, when-
ever it was in order, to his resolution in regard
to the order of business, to include in the busi-
ness to be considered the bills from the House
of Representatives on the subject of free coal
and free salt; and I expect to make some
remarks on that amendment. If we can get
the amendments all in by two o'clock to-mor-
row there will be no objection to taking the
vote then.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggested two o'clock,
because I thought that hour would give time
for full debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Say three o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no desire to make
any remarks on the resolution.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to have the sense of
the Senate on the subject of whether we shall
pass upon the coal and salt bills at this session
or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts suggests three o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will stand by two o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would rather take three
o'clock than not get two.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island that we have a night
session for the purpose of allowing the discus-
sion to go on, and that we take the vote
to morrow at two o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. I am ready to vote on
this question, so far as I am concerned, at any
moment; but if the amendment offered by my
colleague is adopted to the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island I shall vote against
the resolution, or against any resolution to which
it is attached. I shall then be ready to move
to lay the resolution on the table and go on
with business. But if that amendment should
not be adopted, then I for one shall be willing
to vote for the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will this arrangement
suit Senators, that we shall have a recess with
tbe understanding that no vote shall be taken
to-night, and that the vote shall be taken_ at
two o'clock to morrow, and that this evening
those Senators who desire to express them-
selves shall be heard?
