1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
anything knows it to be true. A witness wlio
makes a statement on the stand which he does
not know to be true is guilty of perjury, though
the fact may be as he states it.
Either the correspondent who wrote this
dispatch knew the facts, in which case he was
guilty of willful misrepresentation, falsehood,
or else he knew nothing of the facts which he
pretended to relate, and therefore was equally
guilty. This despatch was not written for
mere amusement or exercise in composition,
but was designed to be spread before the coun-
try, to slander and libel one who had never
done him the slightest wrong. It was simple
falsehood ; yes, more ; it was a malicious libel.
There is not in all American literature a clearer
case of intentional defamation. And the same
thing may be said of the dispatches from
Washington which, day after day, have filled
the columns of the Tribune.
Now, I desire to ask the young men of
Fourteenth street whether this correspondent,
by writing this willful and malicious falsehood
and libel, rendered himself infamous in their
estimation? Did he thereby forfeit their re-
spect? Or is it to be understood that, weighed
by the ethics of Fourteenth street, a man is
guiltless who willfully publishes a falsehood to
the injury of another, but is rendered infamous
by swearing to the truth? Among these young
gentlemen of Fourteenth street there are many
d'.sciples of the art of journalism who, if they
have the proper ambition, intend to become
editors, educators of the people, and direct-
ors of the public sentiment of the country. I
desire to ask them whether they are so indif-
ferent to the distinctions between right and
wrong, so utterly destitute of conscience and
common understanding, as hereafter to asso-
ciate with the slanderer and libeler who com-
posed and telegraphed this dispatch?
Mr. President, if among these young men
the standard of morality is so low what is to
become of this country? Whether a free press
is to be a blessing or a curse depends upon its
observance or disregard of truth and justice.
The proper influence of the press depends upon
its rectitude. While contending for proper
ends, and publishing the truth, it is, as eveiy
instrumentality of truth is, omnipotent. But
there is no class or profession in this life that
can disregard the common rules of propriety
and the plainest canons of ethics and decency
and still preserve the respect of the American
people. When it comes to be understood, as
it will soon, if you continue in this despicable
disregard of truth, that the press is a mere
engine of malice, disseminating slanders and
falsehood to gratify your personal animosities;
that you combine to write a public man up or
down, not according to his merits or demerits,
but to reward him for some favor shown to you
or punish him for some real or fancied injury,
you will forfeit the confidence of the public,
and the press will become powerless and con-
temptible.
The press at present wields an immense
influence in this country, and those who con-
trol it are under corresponding responsibility ;
and if these young gentlemen mean, so far as
in them lies, to make the press a blessing, an
instrumentality for educating the people and
a champion of truth, they must cultivate among
themselves those rules and principles which
belong to truth and promote justice.
Now, young gentlemen, 1 appeal to you,
and I ask you whether you abide by the case
as made by these contumacious correspond-
ents? Are you willing to admit, in face of the
American public, that your daily occupation
leads you into paths which cannot endure ttie
light of day, and that you cannot reveal upon
the stand your ordinary business transactions
without rendering yourselves infamous? I
shall wait with some curiosity to see whether,
when these witnesses are released from cus-
tody for violating those obligations which the
law lays upon all men, and without the per-
formance of which justice cannot be admin-
istered nor society be held together, you will
meet them with the coldness which criminals
always experience from good citizens, or
whether you will hail them as heroes and re-
ceive them back with banqnetings and ovations.
Your course in this particular will indicate
your respect for or disregard of the laws of
the land; will determine whether you possess
those virtues which will adorn or those defects
which will disgrace your profession.
Mr. President, while speaking of the moral-
ity of the press 1 desire to refer to an editorial
of the Tribune, of the date May 18, which 1
will ask the Secretary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"If Senator Carpenter would only indulge in alit-
tfe silence he might have some enance ot impressing
people with his own estimate of himself. Uut v.hen
ho speaks he is absuid. lie asks, with a lamentable
lack of senatorial decency, whether Congress or the
New York Tribuno is the law-making power. No
one knows betterthan this new oraclc thatsueh men
as he are creations of the press; and, however he
may strut and vapor on tho floor of the Senate, ho
will be quick enough to ask obsequiously for the
renewal of its favors when he is threatened with a
return to his original obscurity. We must, however,
admit that the press in making Senator Carpexteu
has little reason to bo proud ot its work.
"It is certainly not worth whileto have a Senator
so densely ignorant of the powers ot the body he
belongs to as to talk about forty years of imprison-
ment for contempt,! Contrast his monstrous incon-
ceivable folly with the sensible letn.irksot Trumbull
and Wilson, veterans of many years of sei vice, who
know at least as much ot the powers of the Senate,
and cherish its dignity as deeply, as this pin-feather
neoplnte from Wisconsin."
Mr. CARPEN TER. Mr. President, I have
caused this editorial to be read that I may
call attention to the professional ethics which
its writer entertains. Giving the writer credit
for truth in all his statements, and conceding
my utter unfitness to be in this place, m what
estisiation must we hold the conduct of the
press in this particular? Is it not a pretty
frank confession that a great fraud has been
perpetrated on the American people by the
press; a confession that they have taken a
man in hopeless obscurity, destitute of all
the qualities required for public service, and
puffed hitn, adorned him, elevated him, and
finally palmed him off upon the Senate of the
United dtates, knowing him to be a mere pre-
tender blown into public notice by their sweet
voices? [Laughter.] Young gentlemen of
Fourteenth street, [pointing to the reporters'
gallery,] I call upon you to undertake a thor-
ough reformation of the press; otherwise you
may fill this Senate with just such characters
as I am. [Laughter.] The Senate will then
lose its dignity, its character, its influence,
and after awhile things may come to such a
pass that the Senate will not only be con-
trolled by the press of the country, but will
have to submit to the insolence and quail
before the threat of a single newspaper corre-
spondent.
The New York Tribune is aa alias for
Horace Greeley, a gentleman for whom I cher-
ish the highest respect. He has shown me
many acts of kindness, (for in this cruel world
justice is sometimes kindness.) which I shall
never forget. During the discussion in regard
to "fundamental conditions" to be imposed
by acts of Congress upon the States, when cer-
tain Republican Senators [Mr. Yates and Mr.
Morton] denounced me as a secessionist and
a nuliiher, and sought to discredit me with
my party because I would not vote for what I
regarded as a violation of the Constitution, and
on several other occasions, Mr. Greeley has
done nie justice. For doing so I thanked
hitn then, and I thank him now ; and returning
upon this occasion the kindness he has more
than once shown me, 1 desire to say that
during the period of this investigation, while
this newspaper has been filled with articles
about equally compounded of folly and false-
hood, all inspired by malice, the New York
Tribune has been away from home, delivering
addresses of conciliation in the South, in obe-
dience to the impulses of his own good heart.
Still the paper goes on, living and moving
under the impetus given it by his intellect, his
wisdom, and his great standing with the press
and American people; and this, notwithstand-
ing it has been left to the management of
Whitelaw lleid, a fop and frivolous pretender,
of whom a contemporary journal recently had
the following paragraph :
"Whitelaw Reid was seen on the streets again
yesterday with men's clothes on. Where's the
police
[Laughter.]
Mr. President, I felt called upon by the re-
peated and persistent efforts winch have been
made to misrepresent me in regard to this
investigate n, and to falsify the facts of the case,
to make these remarks to show that I had
merely performed a duty imposed upon me
by the Senate, and to expose somewhat the
malice which is inspiring these attacks.
I desire now to speak for a moment in regard
to the pending resolution ordering the eu>er-
taiumeut which the Senate has been furnishing
to Messis. White and liainsdell to terminate
with the end of the present session, and thus
turn these gentlemen, without food or shelter,
into a cold and uncharitable world. [Laugh-
ter.] In the name of thepress I protest against
it. In the interest of Fourteenth street 1 pro-
test against it; and in the interest of these gen-
tlemen themselves, who are faring sumptuously
ami drawing double salary by day and reposing
in marble halls by night. These heroes of the
press, these martyrs in the estimation of sickly
sentimentality, ought not to be thus suddenly,
summarily, and rudely cast out from your hos-
pitality.
But, Air. President, while the pretended
imprisonment of these men has been what
every one knew it would be if they were not
committed to jail, there are aspects of this
matter not to be laughed at, but of grave and
serious import. They who are charged by the
people with governmental powers to be exer-
cised for the public good may not innocently
suffer those to be disregarded or treated with
contempt. It is not jour privilege as an indi-
vidual Senator, but it is the privilege of tho
American people, that every tribunal known to
the Constitution and laws, the courts of justice,
and the Houses of Congress, should preserve,
for exercise in the proper case, every power
with which they are invested. The judge on
the bench who permits the process of his court
to be disobeyed brings the authority of his court
into public derision and contempt, and thus
and thereby enfeebles the administration of
justice and weakens the safeguards of civil
society.
The Senate has ordered this investigation.
It is a case clearly proper for the Senate to
investigate. The investigation has been ob-
structed and arrested by the criminal refusal
of witnesses to testify. Now, sir, if you trifle
with these men you destroy the power of the
Senate ever to accomplish another investiga-
tion, no matter how indispensable it may be
to the public good. For their contumacy they
were subjected only to a nominal imprison-
ment, and now it is proposed to release thetn
from that. The immediate effect of this is the
recorded admission that you cannot make an
investigation which you have decided you ought
to make, arid which everybody knows you have
not made.
But, sir, humiliating as this confession would
be, it is but a small part of the evils to result.
It has been said that the Senate is vindicated,
or, to quote the Senator from Indiana, [Air.
Morton,] the Senate ought, from the testi-
mony obtained, to be "reasonably satisfied"
that no Senator has been at fault. Why, sir,
what do Senators mean by "vindication?'1
The witnesses who know from whom this treaty
was obtained, and without whose testimony it
cannot be ascertained whether any Senator has
offended, refuse to testify. You decide that
they are in contempt and must answer the
questions, and to compel obedience you order
them into nominal confinement. They still
