910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
refuse; the fact you ordered to be ascertained
remains unknown ; the tenderness of our hearts
overcomes the conclusions of our reason, and
they are released. Is this vindication? On
the Contrary, is it not doing what the Senator
from Ohio [iMr. Thurman] said the other day
would justly subject the Senate to ridicule and
public contempt?
The country will know and say, if we pursue
this course, that the Senate dares not proceed in
the proper exercise of its unquestioned power,
and that we have been driven from the per-
formance of what we have ourselves declared
to be our duty by the clamor of ten or fifteen
young men in Fourteenth street, who, with their
hands on the wires, threaten to misrepresent
and malign us individually if we do not abandon
this investigation. Is it possible that any Sen-
ator can prefer the justly-merited contempt of
the people rather than the effect of falsehoods,
few or many, maliciously circulated by the
press?
But it is said that the liberty of a citizen is
involved. The liberty and life of a citizen are
precious things; but the liberty and the life
of a citizen when weighed against the public
good are of small moment. Every man sent
to jail for violating an injunction is deprived
of his liberty. Does it follow from this that
a court ought not to compel obedience to its
judgment?
You have appointed a committee to invest-
igate southern outrages, and it is about visit-
ing the South to enter upon the discharge of
its duties. Their first witness may be a mem-
ber of the Ku Klux Klan. He will state that
he is under solemn pledge of honor to his
associates not to reveal their secrets, and that
to do so would subject him to infamy among
them. Then, sir, he would point to these
proceedings, and remind the committee that
the Senate itself had decided, in substance
and effect, that a witness ought not to be com-
pelled in such case to violate his personal
honor by testifying. And although the com-
mittee might inform him that his reason did
not amount to a legal excuse, and he must
answer the question, yet the committee would,
in common honesty, be bound to say to him,
that, if he refused to answer the question, all
the Senate would do to liiin would be to sub-
ject him to nominal custody of the Sergaant-
at-Arms for a few days, and then release him.
In these cases we must act by ascertained
rules, and apply them impartially to every
contumacious witness that may be brought
before the Senate. We cannot have one rule
for the people of one State and another for
others. If a witness refuses to testify we must
determine what the consequences of such re-
fusal shall be, and then proceed impartially in
all cases. Any other course would be tyranny,
pure and simple. If you have the power to
continue a committee after the adjournment,
you can authorize the committee to take testi-
mony. Wherever the Constitution and laws
authorize a thing to be done, the power is
always implied to make the doing of it effec-
tual. A witness summoned before your com-
mittee in vacation who refuses to testify com-
mits a contempt of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I do not interrupt my
friend, 1 wish to ask him a practical question.
I have always understood the law to be that
no committee in the recess of the Senate was
authorized to commit any one.
Mr. CARPENTER. I did not say that it
was.
Mr. SHERMAN. I so understood the Sen-
ator.
-Mr. CARPENTER. No; I said if you
could authorize a committee to sit in the recess,
that committee could subpena a witness before
thetn, and if he should refuse to testify before
them he would be guilty of contempt of the
Senate, not of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. And might be ordered
to be arrested by the Senate 1
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, when the Senate
convenes. So, too, you may order this com-
mittee to sit iu vacation for the purpose of
taking the testimony of these witnesses, thus
furnishing them an opportunity to purge them-
selves of the contempt.
Mr. President, for these reasons I think that
this resolution, if adopted, will be followed by
serious and pernicious consequences, far be-
yond the lives even of these particular witnesses.
I should regret to have the country and the
world know that the Senate of the United
States, the highest tribunal in the land, had
less firmness in the performance of an unpleas-
ant duty than would be exhibited by a county
judge or a justice of the peace anywhere in the
United States. And I should be mortified and
humiliated beyond expression to have the world
see that a few newspaper correspondents in
Fourteenth street, by clamor, denunciation,
and falsehood, can arrest the Senate in a course
which it had unanimously determined to pursue.
Nevertheless, I hope the fate of this resolu-
tion will be regarded as a test whether the
Senate will adhere to or abandon this investi-
gation. If newspaper row is too strong for
us let us say so and come down at once. The
longer we adhere to it the more ridiculous will
be our abandonment of it, without attaining
the end for which it was ordered. If we can-
not stand up and advance, the sooner we lie
down the better. And I am in favor of saying
to these witnesses now either that they must
answer these questions, and shall be impris-
oned until they do, or else that they have
beaten us ; let us have peace.
But, if the investigation is to be abandoned,
then the Senate ought at once to enter into
negotiations with Fourteenth street for a treaty
which shall definitely express our respective
powers and privileges. No time should be
lost. England lost her American colonies by
an obstinate refusal to repeal the stamp act.
Louis XVI might have saved his crown and
his head by timely concessions, still preserv-
ing more prerogatives than the kings of Eng-
land ever exercised. Let us profit by these
examples.
If we agree to abandon a portion of our
constitutional powers it may be the press will
permit us to exercise what is left to us. But,
should we persist in claiming all the powers
conferred upon the Senate by the Constitution
it may be that these jolly boys in Fourteenth
street may become exasperated, and who can
foresee the extent to which their demands may
reach? If they can compel the Senate to pass
this resolution under the circumstances of the
case, I doubt not, if they so resolve, and really
uncork their ink-pots in earnest, they can drive
the whole Senate into the Potomac within ten
days.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. FENTON. If my friend from Ohio will
give way for one moment, within the last five
minutes a letter has been placed in my hands
from the reporters' gallery which bears upon
this discussion, and especially as relating to
the statement of Mr. Tinker, read by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin who has just taken his
seat, [Mr. Carpenter, j I send it to the Sec-
retary's desk and ask that it may be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper
will be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read as follows:
Reporters' Gallery,
United States Senate,
May -0,1871.
The undersigned ooriespondents respectfully ask
to have read this statement of theirs:
The dispatch Mr. Carpenter has caused to be read
in tlie Senate Chamber relative to Mr. Tinker's
examination, and which he (Tinker) denies, is sub-
stantially correct, and not as bitter toward the com-
mittee as was warranted, according to the statements
made in our prcsenec by Mr. Tinker on his return
from the examination.
R. J. IIINTOX,
H. V. BOYXXON,
J. W. KXOWLTON,
W. B. SHAW.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of the
Senator from Ohio, I desire to say that I have
been advised that there is important business
to come before the Senate yet in executive
session, and I know we are all anxious to
adjourn this afternoon. I therefore indulge
in the hope that we shall have a speedy vote,
not desiring, of course, to interfere with my
friend from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not expect to speak
ten minutes.
Mr. HARLAN. I gave notice that at the
conclusion of the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin I should move an
executive session.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask whether we
cannot get a vote on this resolution?
Mr. HARLAN. I should be glad if a vote
could be had without further debate, or at the
conclusion of the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to say some-
thing upon it myself; but I will forego it if
the Senate can vote. I think this resolution
had better be disposed of before we take up
other business.
Mr. HARLAN. I will express the hope
that the vote may be taken at the close of the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Ohio ;
otherwise, I shall feel it to be my duty to press
an executive session.
Mr. THURMAN. If I had not been inter-
rupted I should have been through by this
time.
I am so happily constituted, Mr. President,
that I can enjoy wit even when I am the vic-
tim of it; and I venture to say that no one on
this floor more heartily relished the remarks
of my friend from Wisconsin this morning that
touched me than I did myself; and although
there was one little misstatement of fact in
this, to wit, that he was speaking of a candi-
date for the Presidency, [laughter,] I attrib-
ute that entirely to his own friendly feeling
and disposition to put me in nomination, and
not as a statement of any existing truth.
I enjoyed his remarks, therefore, as much
as anybody; but I must beg leave again to
differ from him in his estimate of the duty of
either a court or a senate, certainly in his
estimate of the duty of the Senate. It is true
that these witnesses were in contempt, and I
did so assert. It is equally true, in my judg-
ment, that we have the power to continue their
commitment until they answer. That is also
my belief. Whether I am right in it or not
every one must decide for himself; but that is
my belief.
But then I do say, as I have said before,
that the question whether we shall proceed to
the exercise of all the powers which are vested
in us upon this subject, whether we shall
exhaust all the powers of the law in order to
get an answer from these witnesses, is a ques-
tion addressed to the discretion of the Senate,
and we are not bound by any rules of logic
whatsoever to follow what has taken place by
the indefinite imprisonment of these men. It
is a question in every such case: is the play
worth the candle; is it right and proper under
these circumstances, is it advisable under the
circumstances, to imprison the contumacious
witnesses indefinitely? That is a question
which addresses itself to the discretion of the
Senate. There is a difference between a court
and the Senate in this: if a witness is pro-
duced in court by a party and refuses to answer,
it is the right of that party to have him com-
mitted in order to obtain his testimony, unless
good reasons can be shown why he ought not
to be committed, and a court may, therefore,
be compelled very reluctantly indeed to im-
prison a witness because it is the right of the
party to have his evidence. But it is the Senate
of the TTnited States here that is the party,
and as a party in a court of justice raay waive
his right, may waive any commitment of the
contumacious witness for contempt, just in the
same way may the Senate of the United States,
if it see fit under the circumstances, waive the
imprisonment of these men.
