1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
imous consent lay it aside and take up the
resolution of the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Illinois
knows very well that 1 cannot agree to that. I
could not and I shall not agree to it.
Mr. CONKLING. And the rest of us would
not agree to do it if you could and would.
Mr. THURMAN. I insist on my motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not understand the
Senator from Illinois to say that he will inter-
pose a single objection to the arrangement
that we had agreed to when he came into the
Chamber. I am sure that if he had been here
ten minutes before, and listened to the discus-
sion, whether it meets his views or not, he
would agree to let us take the vote at two
o'clock to morrow upon a matter which he
considers of no consequence. If he does not
agree to that, I think all the rest of us are
agreed. It cuts off no man's right to debate
upon any question that is really before the
body. I do not understand the Senator from
Illinois to object to that arrangement.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the motion to post-
pone the resolution now under consideration
and to take up the resolution of the House on
the subject, of adjournment.
Mr. ANTHONY. This subject is before
the Senate by general consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Ohio to
withdraw his motion?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not necessary for
him to withdraw it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not withdraw my
motion; but 1 have no objection to the Chair
inquiring of the Senate whether there is unani-
mous consent to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Inland.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate. The Chair
understands the proposition to be that the
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island
with all pending amendments may be open for
discussion and considered until two o'clock
to morrow, at which time the debate shall
close and the votes be taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On amendments that
are now pending, or such as may then be
offered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On any
amendm etits offered and such as may be offered;
and that in the mean time any Senator may
address, the Senate on any proposition he pro-
poses to offer as an amendmentto that resolu-
tion. Is there objection to this understanding
among Senators? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it is agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I think we might
as well take up the House resolutionin regard
to adjournment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think not now.
Mr. SUMNER. Not now; wait until we
get along a little further.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator insist on the motion?
Mr. THURMAN. If Senators say "not
now," I withdraw the motion ; but I think we
might as well take it up. However, I withdraw
it for the present..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that to-morrow morning,
as the Presiding Officer announced to-day, he
would submit to the Senate another resolution,
perhaps it may be the very one the Senator refers
to, and it will come necessarily before the Sen-
ate at that time ; and I think the Senator may
feel tolerably certain that there are a good many
members of this body not of his own party
who, unless they can see at that time some
probability of pursuing that course which it is
understood has been concurred in by a great
majority of Senators on this side, will feel en-
tirely released from any supposed obligation
and will vote whatever their convictions may
be upon the question of adjournment..
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make one sug-
gestion. A vote of the Senate, the adoption
of an order of business, or the establishment
of a rule, does not create what may be called
an honorable obligation. A Senator may move
to reconsider the vote or to set it aside. It is
a mere action of the Senate, to which he does
not assent himself. But there are honorable
obligations created in another place, which I
hold a member is bound to submit to if he par-
ticipates in making them.
Mr. CONKLING. So do J.
Mr. MORTON. Aud the mere fact that
some other member does not hold himself
responsible for it does not discharge the others.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to interpose my
dissent here to the proposition with which the
Senator from Indiana closes his remarks. A
caucus has been referred to. I have alluded
to no caucus; but I will say, for illustration,
that if members of this body belonging to a
political party go into that consultation known
as a caucus, as I understand it, those who par-
ticipate in that caucus to the .end are bound in
their action upon those matters considered by
the caucus, and for the reason that gentle-men
who attend a meeting of that sort give their
tacit consent to such matters as are considered,
and remaining there and voting upon them,
after they are defeated, it is too late for them
to say that they are not bound by caucus action.
I make no reference to any individual except
myself, but I say that such is my understand-
ing of the obligations incurred.
Now, if it turns out upon a consultation of
members of the same party that they are in
favor of a given course, and then in open
Senate they are not permitted to adopt that
course, nor even permitted to vote upon it,
but from day to day all action upon it is post-
poned by parliamentary and other expedients,
I think the Senator from Indiana can hardly
say that nobody is released. On the contrary,
his doctrine would prove that although every
one who participated, each one in succession,
with a single exception, might violate the
obligation, or supposed obligation, still the
remaining Senator would thereby experience
no relief and find no relaxation of the bonds
which bound him.
I submit to my honorable friend that the
essence of the obligation is its mutuality. It
is reciprocal; and itis dissolved more certainly
by nothing than the refusal of one party to it
to be bound. Therefore, I say for one, as I
happen at this moment to be upon my feet,
that I will remain here to do auy act which may
tend to the advantage or the tranquillity of the
South; nay, I will stay here for the oppor-
tunity of doing anything, even though it might
not commend itself to my own judgment, which,
in the estimation of others, will have that
effect; but if wo can have no practical legis-
lation, and if we cannot adhere to the supposed
understandings and plans of those between
whom such understanding has been had, then
I shall humbly submit that a time must come
when I am entirely free, completely absolved
from every obligation such as those which have
been referred to, and when I must vote upon
the question of adjourntnentorany otherques-
tion presented to me upon my convictions.
One of thoee convictions will be this: that
a session of Congress at this time for any pur-
pose except providing for the disorders and
disturbances in the South is unwise. Although
there are measures which I think should be
adopted, and with convenient diligence too, of
a general kiud, I am very clear in my own
judgment that the Senate and the House ought
not now to remain here for those purposes.
The single purpose which the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island refers to is the
exception, it seems to me, that would alone
justify us in remaining here. As to everything
beyond I am very clear that we ought to
adjourn.
That is the opinion of the House, expressed
with a fourfold expression now, and not con-
fined even to subjects aside from the particular
one now in question. It is, I believe, t.he
judgment of a great majority of this body.
Therefore, if we cannot proceed to confine the
session to the consideration of a single ques-
tion, if we cannot proceed in pursuance of
what is believed to be the judgment of a great
majority on this side ofthe Chamber, we must
of course be remitted to our original obliga-.
tion, and then it will be for every Senator to
say whether his duty is discharged by voting
to adjourn or by voting to continue here morn-
ing hour after morning hour, during which .
bills never considered by any committee are
passed, and during which other things occur
which I think are not in the line of wholesome,
safe, methodical legislation. When the time
shall come that every Senator is compelled to
decide that question for himself, upon my con-
victions I shall vote to fix a convenient and
not distant day for the adjournment, before
which everything which is to be done must be
done.
Mr. MORTON obtained the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Indiana give way for a moment?
Mr. MORTON. I have but one word to
say in reply to the Senator from New York.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a motion.
I desire to move to rescind the order for a
recess, because I believe it is more agreeable
to the Senater to go right on.
Mr. MORTON. I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana declines to yield.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from New
York does not meet the point. Mv point was,
to use the language that he used, if we go into
caucus and come to an understanding, and one
or two members of that caucus dissent from it
or will not be bound by it, it does not have the
effect to absolve the others. There is no pro-
cess of reasoning by which that result can be
arrived at. If there are twenty parties in a
firm, and one of theiu violates the articles of
partnership, it was never held in morals or ill
law that that absolved the other nineteen.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
he kind enough—I ask for information—to
tell me how many gentlemen who participate
in a caucus must discard its obligations before
somebody else is released?
Mr. MORTON. I have stated my case, and
I think it covers the whole ground.
Mr. STEWART. I move to reconsider the
vote by which a recess was ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY and Mr. CONKLING. I
hope not.
Mr. STEWART. If anybody objects I willi
not insist upon it.
Mr. ANTHONY. There are Senators here-
who desire to address the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Iknowthat. I have con-
sulted them, and they are willing to go on now;-
and if we can go on for a conple of hours now,
allowing them to speak, without being com-
pelled to cotne back this evening, I think it
will be more agreeable to all of us.
Mr. CONKLING. If everybody agrees t,o-
it without affecting the other understanding.
Mr. STEWAR T. It does not affect that at
all. If we rescind the order for a recess there
will be more here to hear the Senators who-
desire to speak than could possibly be brought
here to-night; and I would rather stay here aa
hour or two now than come back then.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senators who wish
to speak prefer to do it now I have no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. STEWART. They say it is agreeable-
to them.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not to affect the
agreement that the vote shall be taken at two
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly not.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; then I liavo
no objection.
