1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
"Well, sir, looking at this question as it came
before us, and exercising that judgment which
I was authorized to exorcise, that discretion
which I was authorized to exercise, it did seem
to me that the best thing we could do was not
to commit these witnesses under a legislative
order of the Senate, but to turn them over to
the courts of justice to be indicted under the
statute law of the land; and I think there is
not a Senator now on this floor but feels that
I was right,, but feels that the dignity of the
Senate would have been far better preserved
and the law have been far better vindicated if
that course had been taken at the outset; for
if I had been gifted with prophecy I could not
have spoken more accurately than I did. I beg
leave to read a single paragraph from what I
said when this matter was up on the 18th of
May, when the motion was made for the com-
mitment :
"I put it to the conscience and honor of Senators,
have they any idea of extending the powers of th'is
committee to sit during the vacation and keep these
men in prison until next December? I do not be-
lieve a majority of the Senate have any such idea
at all. I believe that the whole thing will turn out
simply thus : if these men are imprisoned, the prison
doors will be opened when this session ends if they
should still remain contumacious; and then I do
say that neither the dignity of the Senate nor the
Constitution of the country nor the laws of the land
will have been vindicated in the slightest degree ;
but, on the cuntraiy, the whole thing will have been
almost a ridiculous farce.
"That is the way the thing seems to mc. I may
be wholly mistaken about this matter, but that is
the way it seems to me; and therefore, seeing no
good that is to come of this, while I want the man
who gave this treaty to the press to be found out,
while I would be glad that he should be found out,
but seeing no prospect of finding him out by that
course which you propose, I shall vote for the sub-
stitute of the Senator from New York, although that,
I must confess, is not logically correct."
Nov/, Mr. President, has it not turned out
just that way? Does not every man know
that these men are to be discharged? Does
not every man know from the vote taken yes-
terday that with this day their commitment
ends? On one ground or another Senators
who voted to commit them are getting out of
the scrape, if I may use such a term in regard
to it. Some have extraordinary doubts as to
our power to prolong their commitment after
the end of the session, and that is a conven-
ient hole to crawl out of; but out of one hole
or another hole the majority that committed
them has dwindled down until yesterday there
were, I believe, but eleven votes, if my mem-
ory is correct, for the extreme rigor of the law.
Now, is it not clear, as I said on the 18th of
this month it would be, that at the end of the
session you would discharge these men with-
out having got any answer to your questions,
and then the dignity of the Senate would not
be preserved, the majesty of the law would not
be vindicated, but the whole thing would be a
ridiculous farce. It was to save the Senate
from committing this ridiculous farce, it was
to save the Senate from this exhibition of im-
potency, that I was for taking what I thought
was the dignified course, turning these men over
to the courts of justice to be prosecuted under
the law of the land; and I think now many
a Senator who voted then to imprison them
feels in his heart that I was right, and that the
majesty of the law and the dignity of the Sen-
ate would have been far better vindicated by
that course than by this miserable fiasco of
entertaining these gentlemen for ten days or
so and then opening their doors and telling
them to go free.
Mr. WILSON. Now I hope we shall have
the vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I desire to say a few words on this subject, and
first 1 will speak in relation to Mr. Tinker and
what he said transpired in the committee. Mr.
Tinker is a sensible gentleman. He deported
himself with great propriety and great decorum
before the committee, and impressed the com-
mittee very strongly with a feeling of personal
respect and kindness toward him. That was
evidently my own feeling. I propounded but
a single question to Mr. Tinker myself, and
that one of no particular importance. After
the examination was through we had some
facetious conversation with Mr. Tinker, some-
thing in the way of badinage, and the sub-
stance of what is reported by that letter-writer
occurred as badinage between Mr. Tinker and
myself, with some additions. He said that he
was acting not according to his own judgment
or will, but by the positive instructions of his
employer, and that he had received a letter
from Mr. Orton giving him specific and strin-
gent instructions as to the course he was to
take in making answer to the questions pro-
pounded to him, and he read us Mr. Orton's
communication by telegraph. I immediately
said, "Mr. Tinker, Mr. Orton is the really
responsible man, and not you, and if you are
to be treated as the other witnesses, and are to
be subjected to confinement and restraint of
your liberty and ultimately to prosecution in
court and to fine and imprisonment, you ought
to bring Mr. Orton here, and he ought to suffer
in your stead in those respects." That was
the substanoe of what I said. All that was"
said pleasantly and facetiously in the way of
badinage.
Mr. President, the question whether this
treaty got improperly before the public or not
is not the question now before the Senate.
The question before the Senate, as was said
by the honorable Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] last evening, rises infinitely in im-
portance above that. I care nothing about this
treaty; I care nothing about its having been
promulged to the public before the Senate
acted upon it; I care very little about the
manner in which it got before the public; but
the great question is, whether, when the Sen-
ate order a proper investigation, raise a com-
mittee, for that purpose, authorize that com-
mittee to call witnesses before it, to swear
them and take their evidence, a witness thus
before the committee shall be allowed to take
the ground, "You put a question tome; the
Senate say it is a proper one, pertinent to the
inquiry, but I am bound by my professional
honor not to answer it," and to decide for
himself and the Senate whether he will answer
it or not, and stop all investigation. I say that
the Senate cannot allow that position to be held
good without sinking to the lowest depths of
humiliation, and without receiving, and deserv-
ing, the scorn of the country.
I maintain that that is the great question and
the only question now before the Senate. Has
the Senate the power to organize a committee
for such an inquiry as this committee was
organized for and which it was engaged in
investigating? No Senator has denied that
position. On the contrary, the committee
was raised by the unanimous vote of the Sen-
ate. The resolution charging them with these
powers and duties received the unanimous
support of the Senate. The committee made
a report that two witnesses had been called
betore it and had refused to answer a plain,
pertinent, proper question in the'eourse of the
investigation with which it was charged, and
every Senator has said and admits that that
question was a proper and pertinent question
and was properly propounded to those wit-
nesses. In that stage of the business shall the
Senate discharge the witnesses and let them go
hence, and let the investigation, unsuccessfully,
ignominiou3lv, and disgracefully to the Senate
terminate, for that will be the upshot? There
may be men here who are willing to place the
Senate in that predicament, but I am not one
of them. With my experience as to the duties
and efficiency of the action of a committee, as
enlightened by this case, I would advise the
next committee of investigation to propound
this single first question, after it had been
ascertained that the witness htid transmitted
the telegraphic report of a treaty: "From
whom did you obtain that treaty?" I would
insist that no other question should be asked
from such a contumacious witness; that.that
question and his refusal to answer should be
reported to the Senate, and that the Senate
should be placed then and there upon its re-
sponsibility to act upon that state of the case.
Suppose no other question had been pro-
pounded to these witnesses, and up to that
point of proceeding the action of the commit-
tee had been reported to the Senate; is there
a Senator here who would have voted, much
less have moved, to discharge the contuma-.
cious witnesses? For myself I would say that
if I had been capable of pursuing that conduct,
thus negativing, denying, or being willing to
abandon the power of the Senate to institute
such an inquiry and to prosecute it by the only
mode by which it can be successfully prose-
cuted, in my judgment I should be unworthy
of a seat in this body. The question before
us involves the permanent power of this body
to investigate such matters, and to prosecute the
inquiry by the only mode known to courts and
deliberative assemblies, and every authority
charged with such investigations, and the only
possible mode by which they can be practically
and successfully prosecuted ; and if the Sen-
ate now chooses to abandon that mode, I say
it does sink into degradation, and it ought to
receive the contempt of the world.
I regard the injunction of secrecy in relation
to this treaty very much as the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Summer] does. I believe
there is too much secrecy in our Government,
and especially in the action of the Senate and
of other governmental officials. I would be
willing to remove it to a great extent; but that
is not the question. The single, isolated ques-
tion before the Senate is, will it assert such
power to compel a contumacious witness to
answer a direct and pertinent question as be-
longs to every court and every tribunal having
the right to institute an investigation of the
kind? Why, sir, if these witnesses had been
before a justice of the peace in Kentucky they
would have been ordered to close jail so soon
as they refused and persisted in their refusal
to answer those questions. The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts gets up and makes
a howl about imprisonment and enlarging the
captives. Who makes them captives but them-
selves? It is by their own will, by their own
conduct, or rather by their own misconduct.
They could at any time have enlarged them-
selves from this imprisonment if it be so dis-
graceful and so objectionable to their proud
nature. All they have to do is to answer
explicitly a question which every Senator says
was properly put to them, according to the
best of their knowledge.
I admit that I have doubts, serious doubts,
as to the power of the Senate to continue their
imprisonment after the session terminates. I
want those doubts cleared up; and for the pur-
pose of having it done authoritatively and by a
sufficiently enlightened and dignified tribunal,
I am willing to hold the two men who are now
in imprisonment, if you choose to call it so,
until after the session closes. They have then-
remedy. They can move a judge in the Dis-
trict, the highest judge or any other judge that
has power to issue a writ of habeas corpus, to
have their persons brought before him that he
may inquire into and ascertain the validity and
the sufficiency of the cause for which they are
imprisoned. If the Senate is transcending its
power the judge will so decide, and he will
direct these prisoners to be set free.
Mr. President, if the Senate in a pusillan-
imous, ignominious, and dishonorable manner
abandons its committee, after the manner in
which that committee has been raised, after
the insulting manner in which that committee
has been defied by the correspondents of the
press, after the manner in which this docu-
ment has been surreptitiously sought for by an
offer of bribery, by a proposition of corruption
from the New York Tribune, to have it dis-
closed against the law of the land, after all
these injuries and this insulting course and
defiance, not only of the committee, but of the
