206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. HILL. Is it understood that the debate
is confined to a particular subject ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that by unanimous consent the
order for a recess can be rescinded, but not
to affect the order that was agreed to, that
debate should close at two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was no order. It
was the common understanding of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate on the motion
to rescind the order for a recess. No objec-
tion being interposed——
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. STEWART. Why do you object? Why
not let the Senators who wish to speak speak
now. They are perfectly willing to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice
that I shall offer what I send to the Chair as
a substitute for the resolution I have offered.
I have made some modifications to the draft
of the resolution, at the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.] I ask
that it be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a substitute, I under-
stand, for the resolution that the Senator him-
self has offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a substitute for the
resolution I offered the other day. I adopted
this form at the suggestion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not a
substitute for the pending resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. No. I ask that it be
printed, and then Senators will see the exact
language.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order to
print will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the objec-
tion that I made to the motion of the Senator
from Nevada to rescind the order for a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no other
objection be made, the order for a recess will
be rescinded, and it is rescinded, but not to
affect the understanding of the Senate that the
vote shall be taken to-morrow at two o'clock.
The Chair now recognizes the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have the
amendment which I offered read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Sherman he following:
And " the bill to relieve all persons engaged in the
rebellion from the disability imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution with certain
exceptions."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina to the amendment of the Sen-
ator frcfm Ohio.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I hope the
amendment I offer will be adopted. I think the
true interests of the country demand that a
law should be passed relieving from political
disabilities all classes on whom they now rest.
- I believe it will remove one of the obstacles in
the way of a restoration of harmony between
the different sections of the nation. 1 sincerely
believe that its enactmentat the time when the
first reconstruction measures were adopted
would have spared us the record on the pages
of our history of some, at least, of those tales
of horror which come on every breeze from
the South and which lead to doubt and distrust
of the adequacy of our reconstruction policy.
The so-called "test-oath," now happily
removed from our statute-books, so far as it
applies to our southern fellow-citizens, in con-
nection with the third section of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, erected a bar-
rier between different classes of citizens which
held in a compact body, whose lines were
rarely broken, nine tenths of the intelligent
white men of the South. Few were willing to
leave the ranks of those thus marked with a
common brand, and cross those lines into the
camp of a party which voluntarily raised this
wall of separation, and proposed to continue
and defend it. To do so brought discredit upon
almost every man who ventured to ask at the
hands of Congress relief from disabilities which
rested on his fellows equally with himself. It
was regarded as desertion; not from the cause
for which the southern people fought so bravely
for four years, but from the penalties which had
resulted from that contest to all who engaged
in it, and which penalties having been incurred
in common, for a common course of conduct,
should be borne in common, until a common
relief was granted.
It was held to be a confession that pardon
was needed for participation in a cause which
the mass of the southern people had espoused
because they believed it right. This was a
confession they were not willing to make;
nay, are not now willing to make. Most south-
ern men had been educated in the doctrines of
State rights pushed to their extreme, and their
adoption of the right of secession was but the
natural corollary. For more than a genera-
tion—at the fireside, in the school-room, in the
pulpit, and in the forum—this poison had been
infused into every stratum of society. They
read the Constitution of the United States by
a light thrown upon it by the brilliant sophistry
of a thousand southern statesmen, and to them
that instrument was as unlike the Constitution
seen by the disciple of Webster and his great
associates in the North as was the shield of
gold seen by the knight in the story from that
of silver seen by his fellow, who stood on the
other side. From his stand-point neither the
Federalist nor the secessionist could see the
fundamental law as the other saw it. One was
wrong; perhaps neither absolutely right. Cer-
tainly both thought and believed th.ey were
right.
I take not into the account the shrewd dema-
gogue and trickster who had, possibly, no con-
victions, no faith, no principles, but who was
ready and ripe for revolution, let it take what
form it would, so that he might prosper. I am
now speaking of the great mass of the people.
And I insist that however unsound the reason-
ing which led them to secession, rebellion, and
war, they were honest in entering upon the
struggle, honest in its continuance, and to-day
honestly believe they did right. Events have
proved that they blundered ; but they do not
admit that a blunder is of necessity a crime.
They are not penitent; penitence implies
consciousness of guilt. They cannot say they
are penitent without baseness and falsehood.
Look not, therefore, for a declaration of peni-
tence except from those whom you will not
care to trust, with or without such declara-
tions. Discard the idea that the masses of
those who fought our armies for four long,
weary years will ever tell their children that
they fought in a cause they believed to be a
bad one. Reject the notion that relief from
political disabilities shall come only when its
subjects declare themselves to have been base
slaves to masters they despised but dared not
disobey, unless you mean to deny such relief
entirely.
There may be men in the South who are
willing to purchase offices of trust and emolu-
ment by such confessions ; but they are not,
in general, the men whose arms were bared
in a conflict which shook the continent and
came so near burying the hopes of civil liberty
amid the ruins of our noble Republic. They
are not the men to whom you must lpok in
the present or in the future for the resuscita-
tion of the forces of civilization in the South.
No! The bone and sinew of southern man-
hood went into the rebellion with an upright
heart, with a clear conscience, and they are
not now ashamed of the blows they struck.
Here and there a man stood out in bold relief
as an exception to the rule, and called the
acts of secession crimes, as well as blunders.
Here and there some nature less susceptible
to surrounding influences than the multitude
clung with honest love to the union of the
States and looked with pious affection upon
its starry emblem. All honor to those who
did so ! Gratitude should well forth from
every loyal heart toward those who in the
dark days stood by the Union we love, the
Constitution we venerate, the institutions we
think freighted with humanity's best interests.
But while we hold it to be one of the highest
praises to which one can lay claim, that he
stood manfully by what we believe was the
right in the late contest, while we would leave
a record of loyalty to our children and our
children's children, as a priceless legacy, let
us not unnecessarily keep open the wounds
which the terrible struggle has left by imputa-
tions of a want of fidelity to conscientious
convictions on the part of those who have not
this legacy to leave behind them.
The words "traitor" and "treason" have
been flippantly bandied about by those who
weigh not the force of th« terms they employ
nor the harm that often ensues from calling
hard names. It is time the passions of our
people were sufficiently cooled down to prevent
the employment of terms which the southern
people feel they never deserved, and which
they know they do not deserve now. You
may prate about "calling things by their right
names," and "speaking the plain truth."
Some people there are who always enjoy the
acutest satisfaction in so expressing their opin-
ions as to render them most obnoxious to those
who hold other views. But words are some-
times things, and sometimes very dangerous
things. It is wise to remember this, and also
to remember that men may honestly differ
about what are "right names" and what is
" plain truth."
We won the cause in the last and highest
court. Every issue was decided in our favor.
Let us give up calling the vanquished by Dames
which re-arouse in men's hearts the passions
it is the interest of peace and good govern-
ment and civilization should be stilled and for-
ever put to sleep. Bate not one jot or tittle
of effort to secure the results aimed at by the
prosecution of the war, but, for God's sake,
forego senseless clamor which does evil, and
evil continually, but adds naught to the secur-
ity of our institutions or the peace of any por-
tion of our people 1
Now, Mr. President, I am not one of those
who consider the late gigantic rebellion as a
trifling difference of opinion. I hold not lightly
the great issues which were at stake in that
contest. I believed.in 1861, asl believe in 1871,
that wisdom demanded of every American a
strict adhesion to the national Government;
that that Government could justly call upon
every patriotic citizen to devote his whole ener-
gies to preserve the national integrity; that
enlightened patriotism would see but one path
to walk in ; that the trust imposed upon us by
the fathers of the Republic must be sacredly
kept, and that every heart must beat, every
step must march to the music of the Union ;•
that no matter how sincere the faith of the
southern people in their cause, how firm soever
their trust in its justice, truly intelligent patriot-
ism demanded the overthrow of every force
which stood in the way of complete national
victory.
Error is none the less to be resisted and
overcome because it is honestly cherisBed.
A bad cause is none the less to be overthrown
because its adherents believe it to be a good
one. Slavery is none the less to be detested
because there are those who, seduced by its
blandishments, believe it a beneficent institu-
tion. To me the rebellion was hateful. As
a rebel no man had, or has, my sympathy.
But because to me the rebellion was hateful I
do not see the necessity of imputing to the
rebelcrimesof which he had no consciousness.
Because he saw his duty in a different line
from that which it seemed incumbent on
me to pursue I do not see the necessity of
supposing that he was false to his own con-
science. History is full of examples of men
laboring, struggling, dying in support of causes
