1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
condemned by the common judgment; yet no
one has doubled their honesty or good faith.
Are the men of the South so far beneath the
average standards of fidelity to convictions as
to permit us to throw over theirerrors ofjudg-
metit, their deeds of folly, nay, even over the
crimes they committed in the hours of over-
mastering passion, 110 mantle of charity?
The war ended years ago. The armies of
the rebellion surrendered to those of the Union.
The cause of the rebellion was lost. Its advo-
cates admitted the triumph of the Union.
They abandoned, in terms and in fact, the
issues they had made. They acknowledged
the cause decided against them by the last
arbiter. They abandoned the dreams of their
youth, their manhood, and their old age. They
ceased to regard the question whether their
rendering of the Constitution or ours was ab-
stractly right as an open one. The provisions
of the national charter had been interpreted
amid the gleam of sword-blades, the roar of
cannon, the rattle of musketry, on a thousand
fields. The decision had been sealed by the
blood of a million men; no court was competent
to reverse or overrule a judgment illustrated
and ratified by the agonies of multitudes of
widows and orphans, by the wails of fathers,
mothers, sisters, and brothers, all over the land.
The man who to day should express the hope
or the expectation that the present century
-would witness a serious attempt to controvert
the positions established by the war would
meet the derision of every sane man who
lifted his arm for the success of the confeder-
acy, The sole cause which bound the south-
ern people together almost as one man m the
rebellion has been removed. The cause re-
moved, the passions, prejudices, interests, and
sympathies which surrounded and enveloped
it will surely die out. Time is the great as-
suager of griefs, the great destroyer of preju-
dices, the great cooler of passions, the great
solvent of heterogeneous and antagonistic
elements. Time is the great physician upon
whom we must rely for the removal of most
of the diseases which exist in political society
in the South.
"To labor and to wait" is our task. In
labor and in waiting is our hope. The insti-
tutions which were the growth of two hundred
years have been torn away by the rude hand
of war. Society has been shaken to its found-
ations. A revolution unparalleled in its scope,
in its thoroughness, in the rapidity with which
it has been consummated, has changed every
social, political, and industrial relation. The
parts of the new social machine are still un-
adjusted, unbalanced; not yet do they work
smoothly, not yet do they know their places ;
friction impedes, passion propels, prejudice
disturbs. Could it be otherwise?
Reflect upon the condition of society in the
lately insurrectionary States prior to the war
and contrast it with that condition to day.
Then, as now, the land was in the hands of
less than a quarter of a million owners. A
landed aristocracy dictated every measure of
public policy, made every public officer, eon-
trolled every avenue to social, industrial, or
political success, formed public opinion, and
wag, in fact, the State. When men spoke of
the South and the southern people they had
in their r^incis only the ruling classes._ They
left out of view as insignificant and unimport-
ant, except as its existence affected and con-
trolled the interests of the dominant few, all
thatclassof men who were slaves, or theinstru-
ments of the slaveholder in sustaining the insti-
tution of slavery. Government of the people
by the people for the people did not exist; but
in fact, if not in form, the few land-holders
and slaveholders governed the whole. The
possession of the land is always a great ele-
ment of poli,:oal strength. Add to that the
possession c[ ample capital and of the human
thews and sinews necessary to its tillage, and
in an agt.cultural community no social force
can res 'at the power held by the landed pro-
prietor. He is all; the rest is practically
nothing.
Such was the condition of southern society;
a quarter of a million lords with their fami-
lies ruling over and sustained by the labor of
millions of serfs and dependents. This ruling
few, bound together by a common interest all
considered vital, formed as compact and well
organized a political force as was ever wielded
by men. They came to this Capitol and dic-
tated the national policy. They caused the
great political parties of the country to bow
down at their bidding. The most brilliant
statesmen of the recent past lived and died
doing their behests. I am but uttering truths
often told, relating facts known and read of all
men. 1 call attention to them only to show
the contrast between the past and the present.
These men still own the laud; but the capital
which once filled their coffers, and from which
planters' supplies were drawn, has been swal
lowed up in the great Confederate maelstrom
into whose vortex went the heritage of mil-
lions ; the human thews and sinews once used
in its tillage have, by the providence of God,
passed into the possession of those to whom
He gave them; the political power in several
of the southern States has not only been reft
from the hands which so long wielded it, but
is directed and exercised by the very race which
has for generations bowed the neck beneath
the yoke of slavery, nay, by the very individ-
uals whose youth and early manhood were
spent in servile subjection to now powerless
masters. Men lately slaves, others, though not
nominally slaves, in fact, except that they had
no market value, hitherto as completely subject
as those who bore that name, and immigrants
from the land of the conqueror, now throng
the legislative halls and the judicial tribunals
and sit in the Executive Departments.
Six years ago the evidence of a black man
could not be received as competent to decide
the meanest cause in a justice's court. To-
day a black man sits as judge in the high-
est court of the Palmetto State. The func-
tions of government are exercised, sometimes
monopolized, by those to whom such func-
tions are as novel and as strange as the use
of the hoe and the spade were to the Gov-
ernors, judges, and Congressmen of former
times. Could revolution be more thorough ;
could society be more completely upheaved ;
could pride have a greater fall; could power
be more utterly demolished? I say nothing
here of the causes which have brought this
about, of the justice of the penalties which
have followed the commission of the acts of
rebellion, of the vengeance which a just God
may adjudge due for the great crime of
slavery ; I am only stating facts. I am show-
ing what is. I am trying to impress upon the
attention of the Senate the completeness of
the revolution which has occurred.
I now ask you to consider what sort of a
character was developed by the institutions of
the South. The effect of slavery upon the dom-
inant white was as marked as it was upon the
subject black. It began to manifest itself in
the tenderest years. It is often said by those
who were "to the manner born," that the con-
stant association of white and colored children
in their sports, in their walks, in their drives,
and in every path of life, generated an attach-
ment which ameliorated and softened the rela-
tion of slave and master, and disposed the lat-
ter to a tenderness toward the former which
did not exist in the hearts of those not bred in
slave States. This may, in some sort, be true.
But let it be remembered that the discipline
was such that the white child of five years was
as well aware that he belonged to the dominant
race as he was that his skin was of a different
hue from that of his dusky playfellow. The
one was "young massa," the other was the
"young massa's" servant; that distinction
was never l^t sight of. The statements of
the one were always credited, those of the
other always discredited when differing from
his young master's; the one always took the
leader's part in the sports in hand, the other
always followed; the one commanded, the
other obeyed.
As they grew in years and stature the rela-
tion of master and servant grew more and
more pronounced, till the former arrived at a
full conviction of the soundness of a proposi-
tion, become somewhat famous, (or shall I
say inf.imous?) that the black had no rights he
was bound to respect. Carry the temper thug
trained in youth into exercise over large num-
bers of slaves subject to its control; let the
power, almost absolute, given by the laws to
the master be constantly exercised in the house-
hold, on the plantation, in every relation of life,
and you can hardly eonceiveof a better system
of creating a character disposed to assert itself,
to encroach upon the rights of others, to resist
authority of law. Toward those only having
equally positive traits, formed under similar
influences, and possessing equal powers of self-
assertion, will the tones of equals be employed.
To all others a bold and defiant tone will be
assumed, an aggressive policy will be adopted.
In many cases the development becomes that
of the bully and the rulBan. In exceptional
cases all these sinister influences are overcome
by the natural fineness of fiber of the charac-
ter, and the master becomes the friend of the
servant, tender of his feelings and careful of
his comfort, a refined and courteous gentle-
man in society, independent and manly, but
not haughty nor aggressive.
The men of the South who entered into the
army of the rebellion were men molded thus.
Better fighting men never shouldered a mus-
ket nor drew a sword. It is fair to presume
that passions but too often allowed free course
in the days of peace grew no feebler by the
pursuits of war. It is, on the other hand, safe
to assert that all the worse passions were
strengthened and aggravated by participation
in the contest. Human life had ever been less
valued in the slave than in the free States. The
rights of inferiors had, in the former, been
less protected from the assaults of superiors
than in the latter. The pistol and the knife
were more frequently resorted to to settle per-
sonal difficulties; the courts of law seldom
were called upon to redress an assault. An
insult was avenged by the duel, or by a less
formal renconter. The passions, invigorated
and inflamed by the influence of slavery, were
aggravated by the hot blood which courses the
veins of the men of all tropical and semi-trop-
ical latitudes.
These were the people from whom the acts
of reconstruction practically took away the
power they had always exercised. Their pride
humbled by a foe whom they had been taught
to despise; the institutions they had learned
to regard as the foundation of their prosperity,
annihilated ; the slaves, by the sweat of whose
brows they had lived, made citizens and voters;
their own leaders made ineligible to public
offices in the State; almost the whole white pop-
ulation rendered ineligible to Federal offices;
their whole fabric of government subverted ; a
new government set up in defiance of their
wishes, their judgment, and their prejudices;
could you expect to escape manifestations-of
discontent, exhibitions of desperate resistance
to the new order of things, frequent violations
of law? Could you expect that amid the ashes
of the rebellion no brand would still send forth
a flickering flame? Could you expect that,
among a people swift always to use the knife
and the pistol, the complete upheaval of all
the social and political elements would intro-
duce the cool and calculating temper of the
men of Massachusetts and Connecticut ?
Do not misunderstand me, Mr. President.
I do not apologize for the terrible acts of out-
rage which sicken our hearts and blanch our
cheeks. I do not yield to any Senator in
denunciation of the murders, the scourgings,
the nameless atrocities which afflict our Re-'
publican brethren in some portions of the
