1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
913
X doubt myself whether these men can be
kept in custody by the order of the Senate
longer than the. end of the session ; but. if they
are guilty let them answer to the offended law
of this nation. My honorable friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] I think, is not yet quite ready
to admit, even though a man wields the pen
and controls the press, that he has a right to
trample with impunity the laws of the land
under his feet.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform my honor-
able friend from Nevada that the law was
passed for the very reason, and that was the
chief reason given when it was passed, because
the House of Representatives could not detain
any one in custody after its session.
Mr, NYE. Grant that. Then that law
stands, and therefore I would have certified in
accordance with that la^v the exact state of
the facts of this case to the district attorney
of this District.
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been done.
Mr. NYE. Then why object to this amend-
ment?
Mr. SHERMAN. The law requires that to
be done, and the amendment is not necessary.
Mr. NYE. Why object to the amendment?
The amendment provides that this apparent
judgment of the Senate shall have no effect
upon that proceeding in court which is directed
by the law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask my honorable friend
from Nevada if a resolution of the Senate is as
strong and forcible as the law itself?
Mr. NYE. Not by any means; but I have
seen strong things impaired by weak ones.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. If my friend
from Nevada will permit me, I will state the
only motive I had for withdrawing the amend-
ment. It is that the record as it would then
exist would not require the court to pass im-
mediately upon the question of the power of
the Senate to imprison for a term continued
after its session closes. It is with a view to
have that important question decided that I
would have the resolution fail in any form. I
want the question decided for the liberty of
these men and all other men. If the Senate
has a restricted power in that respect, a power
restricted during its session, let the Senate
know it, and act upon it always.
Mr. NYE. I thmk I understand the object
of this amendment. I know how delicate this
subject is, and I know frothe tenderness of
feeling I see exhibited around me that the
court will need but a little apology to acquit
these men of this charge upon this higher code
of honor, because they can say that the Senate
ordered their release. If I were the lawyer
trying that case (and if my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] were trying it he would make
it ring so that the nation's ears would be wide
open) I would say, " The Senate have acquitted
these men; they have oidered their release;
theie is the record of it upon the Journals of
the Senate. Why do you prosecute them here?
ifou cannot put men in jeopardy twice for the
•same thing; they have been tried and acquitted
by the Senate of the United States, and their
release has been ordered." Apparently the
record will convey that idea. It is not true
in fact, but it is true enough to make a legal
quibble upon and to lead to their acquittal.
Now, sir, I am prepared to say, if the rest
of the Senate are prepared to say, that there
shall be no more secrecy about the proceed-
ings of this body. There is not much now.
My friend from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
said yesterday that there seemed to be no
trouble in getting reports of our proceedings
in executive session. But, sir, until the time
comes that the Senate annul that rule, I would
hold every one up to it. We are amenable to
it; others are not. I have heard Senator after
Senator rise here to acquit himself of the im-
putation of being the offender in this thing,
truer to himself than these witnesses are to the
truth. Gruel, indeed, would have been the
imputation upon the honorable Senator from
42d gong. 1st Sess.—JSTo. 58.
New York [Mr. Fenton] if he had not been
able to rise here in his place and say "It is
not I." Others have risen here and said
"It is not I." Why is that? Because the
imputation rests on this body, and these wit-
nesses, upon a higher code than I understand,
defy the power of this Senate to lift that im-
putation from any one upon whom it may
unfortunately rest. Sir, they not only tram-
ple this law under foot, but they trample
it defiantly in the face of the Senate of the
United States. They defy your power. Each
of them says, "I stand upon a higher plane;
I belong in Fourteenth street row, over which
Senators and Congress and laws are not to
prevail; we are a law unto ourselves, and we
defy your rules and thej)ower of the Senate."
That is the attitude precisely in which we are
placed. I can stand it if others can. If my
friend from Massachusetts on my left [Mr.
Sumneii] feels no humiliation 
Mr. SUMNER. Not the least.
Mr. NYE. I am glad that I am a little
more susceptible than he. I confess I do feel
some. Why, then, did you [Mr. Sumner] en-
courage the investigation? Why did you send
my friend from New York [Mr. Conkling]
and my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpen-
ter] out to gather anything but sheep's wool?
Why did you send them to feed on the vapor
of nothingness while you yourself were feast-
ing upon the milder and more nutritious nutri-
ment of the support of the public press? Why
do you start others out on this forlorn hope
and keep your column back? Sir, if the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts thought
this investigation ought not to have been had,
why did he not say so when it was proposed ?
Here he is, with twenty years of ripe expe-
rience in this body; when he looks around
he can see no man who came here with him.
Why did he not rise and tell me, one, in the
classic language of the Tribune, whose sena-
torial pin-feathers are just cutting—why did
he not tell me that this rule was a farce and
a humbug and all wrong? He did not. He
voted to have this examination held, and I,
child-like, followed him.
Now when the danger of paper bullets comes
he says it was all a humbug from the start,
[Laughter.] The Senator has got us, as my
friend his colleague says, into a scrape. I see
no scrape. I stand upon the rules of this Sen-
ate, older than the Senator himself. I stand
upon the rules of this Senate, made by men
whose fullness of manhood attracted the atten-
tion of the intellectual world. I stand upon
the rules made by men who emblazon every
page of the civil "history of our country. And
yet I am told now by the sage of the Senate
that the rule is a humbug and the pursuit a
farce. I have that excuse, and I say to the
gentlemen of the press that if I have offended
I shield myself behind the want of faithfulness
of this sentinel to advise me. Old Senators
besides him said, "Yes, this is a great out-
rage; inquire into it; pursue the inquiry," till,
with not a dissenting voice from Republican
or Democrat—the first unanimous vote that I
have ever seen here [laughter]—this investi-
gation was ordered by the Senate.
Now, will you abandon your committee, after
they have been whipped like a dog in a tan-
yard, [laughter,] after they have been scourged
by the press till there is not a sound spot on
them ? Sir, my friend [Mr. Sumner] laughs at
that, but no man cringes quicker than he when
it hits him. [Laughter.] 1 have seen the time
when my friend did not like the press quite so
well as he now seems to do. I like it, but I
wish to preserve the rules of the Senate and
have the law of the land obeyed and respected.
My friend from Indiana says, as I under-
stand, that it is clearly shown that a Senator
was not implicated in this matter. Now, sir,
I undertake to say it is not. I do not know
who drew the answer which Mr. White gave
here. If it was Mr. White himself he is enti-
tled to sit at the head of Fourteenth street, for I
it is the shrewdest answer I have ever seen.
But I do not think he drew it. It seemed to
me to show a good deal more of the lawyer
than a reporter is likely to be. He says he
did not receive the treaty from a Senator or
any one representing or going from a Senator,
to his knowledge. Now, if a Senator feels
acquitted upon that answer, I confess he is sat-
isfied with small things. I tell you it is the
Artful Dodger's reply, and itleaves with double
force the imputation that he does know from
what Senator this was obtained, and, sir, you
or I am just as likely to feel the force of that,
and have the public sentiment settle down upon
us as having betrayed the confidence of this
Senate, as anybody else.
Luckily for me, because of indisposition, I
was not here at the opening of the session and
I did not see the treaty till after this disturb-
ance occurred. But there are others here who
did, as honorable men as any others. They
have had to go on the stand and speak for them-
selves. Even the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] has had to testify that he did not
do this. Even my friend from New York
[Mr. Fenton] had to rise here in his place and
say, " It was not I." The Senator from Indi-
ana [Mr. Morton] has said, "It was not I."
But that leaves sixty-seven here yet.
Mr. SUMNER. And I disclaimed it.
Mr. NYE. And the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, but that hardly need have been done.
It was hardly necessary that he, the father of
the Senate, should get up and disclaim that he
had been guilty of a wrong with which no one
charged him; but he saw the dilemma in which
he was placed, and to keep his garments pure
and spotless, as he always does, be had to
ward off the danger of the dagger of this insid-
ious reply.
The answer aggravated the offense, a shrewd,
skillful answer, avoiding the real issue in the
case. Sir, the truth will come out, I have no
doubt; it will prevail; but if these men are
truthful, and if their course is to be sustained
and can be by law, let them go before the dis-
trict court, and let this amendment go with the
resolution showing that we disclaim any trial
in this matter; that we know they are liable
under the provisions of the law to be dealt
with as the facts require, and there upon the
stand in that court no such equivocation will
be tolerated as here.
Take it before Chief Justice Cartter, or be-
fore any of the bench of this District, and when
a witness refuses to answer a question he will
not be put in the parlor of your national man-
sion ; Senators will not have to get up from
cold marble to make way for the white spread
cloth of the prisoners, and they will not re-
count the eloquence of the speech of my friend
from Massachusetts in favor of the press, or
descant upon his universal kind-heartedness.
They will there have to " step to the music"
of the law. Let them go there as they would
make me go there if I was a violator of the
law. Hold them amenable to the same rules
that Senators are, and then I am content. I
ask no law for them that does not put its hand
upon me; I ask no exemption for them that I
do not ask for myself; and there is no code
of honor in this Senate that relieves me from
telling the truth when I have sworn to do it in
the presence of my God.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive bus-
Mr. SHERMAN. No, let us have a vote
now.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have a vote
on this resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate. Let
us vote one way or the other on the motion.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will withdraw the motion and let us have
a vote 011 the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is not debatable. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Iowa, that the Senate pro-
