1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
adjournment of the House of Commons, or
anything that brings an end for the time being
to that session, has been held always to be an
end of the power of the House of Commons
over recusant witnesses. This limitation of
the power is inherent, in the nature of things,
in every deliberative body. It limits our power
as it limits the power of every constituted
authority. It limits our power over the person
and custody of a witness, or of a citizen, to our
actual sessions. This is the general basis
of authority, and we are bound to respect it
like any other court or tribunal. There is
110 tribunal so high in this land, from the
Supreme Court of the United States down to
the humblest justice, but has certain limita-
tions of its powers, and this old limitation of
the power of the House of Representatives
and of the Senate over the liberty of a citizen
is the one that is proclaimed by parliamentary
law, and that is the session of the House.
Mr. Orr here alludes to a distinction that has
been claimed, although I believe never by an
authoritative decision, between the Senate and
House of Representatives in this regard. I do
not know the theory for .such a distinction.
There is such a distinction in England. The
House of Peers have always claimed that they
had the power to punish for contempt, but
the House of Peers possesses a very different
organization from ours. The House of Peers
is a court, not only a law court, butachancery
court; it is the highest court of appeals in all
cases; it is the court of last resdrt, it is a court
of general and perpetual jurisdiction. Now,
the Senate of the United States is a court only
for the trial ofimpeachments. It is only a court
when sworn specifically to try a given case in
impeachment. When we resolve ourselves into
a court, we no doubt may punish a witness for
coutempt, like any other court or tribunal. The
very moment we adjourn as a court of impeach-
ment, we stand then in the position of any other
legislative body, having precisely the authority
of £ legislative body, no more and no less.
Therefore it is that when we adjourn, separate,
and go to our homes, the power of the Senate,
in my judgment, ceases; and I believe that
will be the decision of the judicial tribunals.
Mr. SCOTT. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio for information, for he has
evidently looked into this question, whether
the House of Lords has claimed the power
to punish for contempt only as against those
parties who have been before it in the char-
acter of appellants, before it in its charac-
ter as a court, or whether it has claimed . it
as against any persons it may see proper to
examine before it in its proceedings ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not prepared to
answer that. I have not looked into it so
thoroughly as that; but I will refer to Gush-
ing' s Manual, in which he says:
"According to the parliamentary law of England,
there is a difference between the Lords and Com-
mons in this respect, the former being authorized,
and the latter not, to imprison for a period beyond
the session."
But I beg leave to remind the Senator from
Pennsylvania that the House ofCommons have
by resolution denied the j>ower of the House
of Peers to hold any one in custody. I have
not examined into the authorities lately, and
I only speak 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have you that resolution?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; I have not. You
will find it, I think, laid down in the English
parliamentary law. That has always been one
of the contested points, like the power to
originate a money bill.
But, sir, there is no distinction in our Gov-
ernment between the power of the Senate in
this regard and the power of the House of
Representatives. There is no reason for such
a distinction. If the distinction exists in Eng-
land there is a reason for it. It seems that
that distinction has been drawn ; but in Eng-
land the House of Peers is a sworn tribunal
always in existence to try ordinary causes, and
the most important causes that can be tried in
England are taken to the House of Peers upon
appeal, where they are practically decided by
the law lords, the ex-lord chancellors, and
others whose high dignity and whose learn-
ing have carried them througU all the tribu-
nals, Lords Chancellors, Lords Chief Justices,
and the Exchequer Court, into the House of
Peers.
But here we have no such position. We
have no prerogative. We have the ordinary
power incident to a legislative body to enforce
our orders, to compel witnesses to answer
questions. If there is a doubt about this, I
ask the Senate of the United States whether
they ought to exercise a doubtful power? Is
it not better to turn these men over to the
tribunals we have ourselves provided ?
That Congress in 1857 did not regard any
distinction as existing between the two Houses
is shown by the very terms of the act, because
the punishment is as well for a refusal to tes-
tify to a committee of the Senate as it is for a
refusal to testify to a committee of the House.
The Senate and the House of Representatives
have the same powers, and no distinction has
been made so far as I know in our legislative
experience. Both have the same power, and
when'a witness refuses to testify all we can do
is to retain him in our custody in contempt of
our authority until our adjournment, and then
we are bound by the law to turn him over to
the tribunals fixed by the law for the punish-
ment of such offenses. It is no degradation
of the Senate.
My honorable friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] with a good deal of feeling, yes-
terday seemed to think that the Senate had not
treated this committee fairly. Now, sir, I am
willing to assume my full share of the respons-
ibility of organizing this committee. My
friend from New York [Mr. Conkling] says
I first suggested it. I think I did ; and 1 am
perfectly willing to take my full share of the
responsibility. But, sir, when it reasonably
appeared, as it did from the testimony of these
two witnesses, that this treaty did not get out
by any fault of a Senator, or apparently by
any neglect of a Senator, I thought as a mat-
ter of prudence and discretion it was better
for us to abandon the imprisonment of these
gentlemen and turn them over to the law which
they had clearly and plainly violated.
I did not wish to evade the responsibility.
I happened to be absent during the two days
when the subsequent discussions took place,
but I am perfectly willing to share the respons-
ibility. I do not think this committee have
any right to feel so, because on the reports
of committees constantly the body dissents
from the committee. Why, sir, ther? is not
a committee of this body that has not been
overruled by the Senate sometimes. It is so
with the Committee on Foreign Relations, on
the Judiciary, on Finance, and all the other
multitudinous committees organized by this
body. The Senate has often dissented from
the conclusions of its committees. Naturally
in an investigation of this kind more or less
feeling would arise; and it is perfectly proper
that the body itself, responsible for the action
of the committee, should supervise its action
at all stages and do what seems to it to be
meet and proper.
Now, there is an attempt made by the news-
papers—I notice it in the morning papers—
to divert this proceeding into an accusation
against particular Senators. Two of the papers
here very falsely state rumors which seem to
reflect on Senators. We all know that there
is no foundation for them, and I read them
merely to show how far injustice might be done
unwittingly by these editors and by other per-
sons. The Republican, published in this city,
this morning, speaking of our executive ses-
sion yesterday, says:
"The executive session yesterday was devoted to
the consideration of very important matters, the
nature of v/hioh. has not transpired, but it was
rumored last night that the deliberations affected
a member of tho Senate in regard to the publication
of tho treaty.
"It could not bo expected that the members of
that honorable body, instating the example of tho
contumacious newspaper correspondents, would
divulge anj secrets criminating or reflecting upon
one of their own number."
A thousand readers would read that and
suppose that we were sitting here in secret
session about a matter affecting a member of
our own body on an accusation that he had
disclosed the treaty. We all know that to be
utterly false. Here is another paper of this
city, the Patriot, which says:
"But there was another rumor also that the mat-
ter under consideration was a question of the very
highest privilege, involving a certain western Sen-
ator and his connections with the premature pub-
lication of the treaty of Washington."
I saw the other day and read in the news-
papers paragraphs pointing to particular per-
sons ; one I remember that pointed to my hon-
orable friend from Indiana before me, [Mr.
Morton ;] perhaps two or three paragraphs
fell under my eye and were cast aside. The
testimony reported to us exculpates every Sen-
ator, and, as I recollect the testimony as it was
read, for I have not had time to examine it, it
shows that the paper furnished to the Senator
from Indiana could not have been the one from
which the publication in the New York Trib-
une was made. The testimony not only fails
to criminate him in the slightest degree or
connect him with this matter, but absolutely
excludes the possibility of such a connection.
Now, Mr. President, I ask whether itis worth
while to pursue this matter further? Without
finding any fault with the committee, without
criticising their conduct, because 1 think they
have done simply what they had a right to do,
and I think the comments of the newspapers
upon the members of that committee and the
members of the Senate growing out of this
matter have been wrong and unjust, the ques-
tion comes up whether we ought to exercise a
doubtful power, to say the least, in holding
these men iu custody when we are ourselves
about to go home ; especially when a law has
been passed which turns them over to the
courts, the common tribunals which must judge
all of us, and where their guilt upon the facts
here stated seems to be apparent, and will be
proved conclusively.
I hope we shall have this matter settled and
disposed of. I have no feeling and have had
none in this whole proceeding. I say now
that there is nothing here which afl'ects the
conduct of any Senator on this floor, and so
far as regards those who have been mentioned
there is testimony that entirely precludes the
possibility of their having committed wrong.
There is no testimony, so far as I know, that
fixes any fault upon any officer of the Senate.
This publication-was made out of one hundred
and seven copies that were printed, and it is
strange that more than one was not stolen or
bought or obtained in some way and published.
It seems to me that the Department of State
which took the power and authority, as it had
the right to do, to publish one hundred and
seven copies of this treaty and kept all of
them secret except one, has done what we
never could do in this Senate and never have
done.
Mr. HOWE. Let me suggest to my friend
that if he succeeds in his efforts here, the next
time such a publication is made there will be
as many copies disposed of as the market will
take, he can rest assured of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think any great
harm will result to the people of the United
States if treaties are published whenever tia-y
are made ; and here I feel very different in
regard' to this examination than I would if
these men were charged with coirupuon or
with anything that struck at the organism of
the Senate. These men did nothing but what
they had aright to do. They publish news;
they obtain that news often surreptitiously.
If they stole it they, were guilty of larceny; if
