916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27.
they bribed one of the officers of this body or
a Senator to give it to them, they were guilty
of gross corruption and bribery, and the Sen-
ator or officer ought to be punished severely.
Bat 1 know no law that prevents these news-
paper men going around wherever they can,
if they can do it without violating any specific
act, and getting such information as they may
and publishing it. Often they do great harm
by doing so, but still there is no violation of a
criminal statute and no violation of a moral
obligation. Therefore the case that is now
before us is one very different from what it
would be if the question involved was a ques-
tion of corruption, as in Simonton's case,
which struck at the very foundation of the
Government.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to be drawn by the remarks of the
Senator from Ohio, nor by any other incident
in store for us, into a discussion of all the
questions presented here, nor even into any
consideration of the merits of this individual
ease. On a former occasion I assigned to the
Senate my reasons for preferring to abstain
from active participation in deciding the par-
ticular question or advancing the particular
views applicable to the rights of the two wit-
nesses now in nominal custody. And yet I
am not willing to listen without dissent to the
doctrines propounded by my friend from Ohio.
Morals have a maxim, law has it in a general
sense, that silence gives consent; and I re-
member on a rioted occasion, on an occasion
of which this Chamber was the theater, an
occasion which will long be historic, days were
occupied in arguments, the essence of which
was that members of this body, particularly
one Senator, had stated various views and
dogmas touching the law and the rest of us
sitting here had not risen to express our dis-
sent, and therefore that we were concluded
upon a great constitutional question, for such
it was, by the views thus uttered in our hear-
ing and received in silence.
I should be sorry when some case arises of
vastly more importance than this to find my-
self concluded, or to be compelled to listen to
an argument to prove that 1 was concluded,
by the theories advanced now by the honorable
Senator from Ohio. His address to the Senate
contemplates consequences far beyond the
particular incidents here or the disposition to
be made of the two witnesses now standing in
contempt. He levels his argument at the pre-
rogatives and powers of the Senate, and he
conjures us to agree with him that this body,
in a Case no matter how flagrant, in theinstance
of a breach of privilege no matter how gross,
must sit down submissive, if not content, with
the idea that any witness who chooses may
defy us, and that our power to compel him to
answer ceases the moment we do not remain
here, as a body in session, to watch him or to
accept his answer should he choose to purge
himself of his contempt. •
I suggest to Senators that such a position
has a significance wider, deeper, higher than
any question concerning the witnesses White
and Kainsdell. In order to test its import-
ance I have a right to suppose an extreme
case of the violation of law and of privilege.
I have a right to suppose a case in which a
member of this body shall become the object
of an accusation destructive in the most seri-
ous sense to him, covering him with imputa-
tion, and beclouding the reputation of the
whole body of which he is a member. I have
a right to suppose the case of a witness who,
knowing a fact which would dissipate in a
moment this cloud, defiantly refuses to dis-
close that fact, and tauntingly inquires of the
Senate what it proposes to do about it. In
such a case, were that case present to-day, the
honorable Senator from Ohio argues that to-
night with the going down of the sun, if at that
hoar your gavel should fall, all power residing
in the Senate to insist upon an answer would
cease.
How, Mr. President, does the honorable
Senator undertake to prove this? He goes
very properly to Great Britain, the greatsource
of principles of law familiar to us in many
fields. He reads to us that the House of
Commons has held that where an inquiry was
pending before a committee and the House
itself died, ceased completely to exist, became
functus officio, annihilated, no power was
left to restrain the liberty of a man for a con-
tempt committed against the House before the
House died. As my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] helps me to say in better phrase
than might have come to me, how could there
be a standing and continuous contempt of a
body which body had itself ceased to be?
Need the Senator cross an ocean or look back
in history to find precedents to support a prop-
osition so plain as this?
What else does he say about Great Britain?
That the House of Lords is a body of duplex
jurisdiction; it has judicial powers and it has
parliamentary or legislative powers. My hon-
orable friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Soott,]
whose powers of analysis we have reason so
often to observe, by a single question determ-
ined the value of this fact. He asked the
honorable Senator from Ohio if he meant to
say that the British House of Lords had
asserted and preserved in its fullness the
power to detain for contempt only touching
witnesses before it in the character of a judi-
cial tribunal, and had not done the like also
where it sat as a parliamentary body, and the
honorable Senator very frankly said that he
could not say that the Lords had gone further
in one character than in the other.
Then we have in the British House of Lords,
the case of a body like this, continuous, but
not in perpetual session, let me remind the
Senate. It is said that in the House of Lords
three make a quorum ; but we know that the
House of Lords is not in perpetual session.
If you please, it is like the court of chancery,
it may be open anywhere at any time, but it is
not in session until it is opened and its session
actually occurs.
Did anybody ever argue that the House of
Lords, in case of a witness standing in con-
tempt toward it as a parliamentary body, could
not restrain him till he purged himself of his
contempt, except so long as the Lords in ses-
sion and in quorum remained incessantly pres-
ent to ascertain whether he was ready to purge
himself or not? If the honorable Senator will
produce such a precedent it will have some
force now, but I undertake to say that the
precedents are the other way.
Will the honorable Senator produce a pre-
cedent like this? Will he show me a case
where tile House of Commons raised a com-
mittee, not a commission—I ask him to ob-
serve the distinction—a committee of its own
members, clothing that committee with power
absolute and full to remain in London during
a vacation of Parliament, with all the functions
it would have during the session, and then
held that the House might not order a witness
on pain of contempt to appear before that
committee and testify ? The English prece-
dents present no such case, because their mode
and practice are not applicable to it, and there-
fore, of course, the honorable Senator cannot
find in the House of Commons a precedent
sufficiently on all-fours to maintain the posi-
tion he states.
Going once more to Great Britain, let me
ask a question. Does anybody suppose that
a court, a common-law court, or any court,
should a witness appear before it and refuse
to answer, could not order that witness to
stand committed for contempt until he files a
paper with the clerk, or until some contin-
gency occurs which the witness himself has the
power to comply with? And how can it be
said, as was asked the other day by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio farthest from me,
[Mr. Thubman,] in the case of a court, or in
the case of any other continuing body, that
the actual presence in session of the court, its
jurisdiction all the time continuing, ean affect
one way or the other the question presented
this morning by the Senator on my left?
Mr. President, before making an observa-
tion about the precedent in our own history to
which the Senator adverted, I wish to make a
suggestion to the Senate; and ( stop again to
say that I am not arguing this particular case.
I am arguing all the cases, be they more or
less, which are to arise hereafter, because if
the action proposed be taken, and taken for
the reasans assigned by the Senator from Ohio,
we shall find ourselves, when some more im-
portant instance arises, with this precedent
made by ourselves staring us in the face.
In order to maintain the position he has
assumed, the Senator must go further and
prove that the Senate has not the power to
raise a committee and clothe it in vacation
with authority to exercise all the powers which
a committee may exercise during the session
of the Senate.
To transpose my proposition, the moment
you admit that the Senate has the power to
authorize my honorable friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scott] and his committee upon
southern outrages to sit during the recess, with
all and every of the powers of a committee as
those powers would be during the session of
the Senate, that moment I maintain you give
up the position which the honorable Senator
from Ohio has advanced. Why ? Because
confessedly thS committee in vacation may
summon witnesses, may examine witnesses,
may administer oaths, may send the Sergeant-
at-Arms throughout the jurisdiction of the
.Republic to serve process and compel wit-
nesses to come, and it lacks but one single
function applicable to witnesses. What is that ?
The power to commit for contempt a witness
who stands mute. Does a committee ever
possess that power, even during the session
of the Senate? No, sir; that is a power which
resides alone in the Senate itself; and a A>m-
mittee in that respect in vacation is no more
powerless than is a committee during the ses-
sion of the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator will allow me ,
to interrupt him 
Mr. CONKLING. In one moment, if my
friend will pardon me. I will yield in a mo-
ment if he will let me finish this point.
In this case the Senate has exercised the
power of committing a witness for contempt.
That has no relation to the power of the com-
mittee. It has ordered the witness to appear
before the committee, where alone, in any
event, he could appear and purge himself. It
has ordered him thus to appear and purge
himself; and what has the committee to do?
Simply to receive his testimony, as confessedly
it has a right to do. It follows that the
moment you prove or admit that the commit-
tee has the powers pertaining to it, and may
exercise them in vacation, you make an admis-
sion fatal to the position I dispute. We have
the case of an exercise by the Senate of the
power confessedly residing in it, and directing
the witness to stand committed until he goes
before the committee and delivers that testi-
mony which, confessedly, the committee has
a right to receive.
Mr. THCTIiMAN. And it is the order of
the Senate discharging him, too.
Mr. CONKLING. And, as the honorable
Senator says, it is the order of the Senate that
upon the happening of that contingency, to
wit, the delivery by thewitness of this testimony
to the committee, which, confessedly, alone
has the right to receive it, his imprisonment
shall cease, and his enlargement shall instantly
occur. Why, sir, in that regard, it is like the
case of a court directing a witness to stand
committed until he files a paper with the clerk
which he has in his possession, or until he
performs any other act of expurgation, for
refusing to perform which he is in contempt
I declined only momentarily to yield to the
