112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
man from Maine submitted to me I should like
to know it.
The SPEAKER. For the information of
the House the proposition will be read.
Mr. DAWES. If that be the bill I do not
object to it. I am for such a bill.
The Qlerk read as follows:
Joint resolution (H. B. No. 41) relative to an inquiry
into the expediency of consolidating the Charles-
town and Kittery navy-yards.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
ative* of the United States of America in Congfess as-
sembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he
hereby is, authorised and directed to appoint a com-
mission, consisting of two line officers of the Navy
and one officer of the engineer corps of the Army of
the United States, to examine and report a3 soon as
practicable, first, whether the territory and water-
front connected with the navy-yard at Kittery,
Maine, and owned by the United States, are ample
and well adapted to accommodate the business now
carried on at both the Kittery and the Charlestown
navy-yards, and for any probable future increase of
said business; secondly, whether the territory and
water-front now occupied by the said Charlestown
navy-yard are needed for commercial purposes;
thirdly, the amount which could probably be realized
by a sale of the site and permanent improvements
Connected with said Charlestown navy-yard and
belonging to the United States; fourthly, theprob-
able expense of transporting the machinery and
other movable property connected with said Charles-
town yard to the yard at Kittery, and the estimated
cost of increasing the capacity of said Kittery yard
sufficiently to accommodate the business now car-
ried on at both of said navy-yards; fifthly, the esti-
mated annual saving to the Government which
would result from a consolidation of said navy-yards.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Secre-
tary of the Navy is hereby directed to transmit the
report of said commissioners, with his own recom-
mendations in relation thereto, to Congress during
the month of December next.
Mr. DAWES. The measure .which the
gentleman submitted to me I understood—
although, of course, he knows better than I
do—1 understood contained the proposition
to consider whether either of these yards
should be extinguished or both. The gentle-
man understood very well that my idea is to
extinguish thera both. I understood that the
bill I saw contained that proposition.
Mr. LYNCH. I have no objection to an
amendment of that kind.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution was
only read for information. The question
pending is not on the joint resolution, but
whether the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] shall be considered as having a light
to enter a motion to reconsider after the joint
resolution has been referred.
Mr. DAWES. The measure is not one
which ought to be considered at this session
of Congress. The proper time will come for
its. consideration.
Mr. LYNCH. The joint resolution merely
directs an inquiry, the results of which are to
be reported at the next session of Congress to
enable us to act understandingly on the sub-
ject at that time. The result of delaying to
next session the adoption of the resolution
would be to delay at least a year a matter
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] proposes to favor.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman has drawn
the resolution adroitly. If he will put it on
the broad ground of considering whether or
not there ought to be three navy-yards in
New England, so that the whole thing may
come before a commission, and Charlestown,
Kittery, and New London may all be brought
under one common investigation, I will go
heartily with him. But when an adroitly
drawn resolution 
Mr. LYNCH. There is nothing adroit about
it. On its face it states the information re-
quired to be reported at the next session of
Congress by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. PARNS WORTH. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Corrections of the Jour-
nal are questions of fact, not of argument.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I had risen to a
point of order; and that is the very point of
order I wished to make. This is simply a
question of the right of the gentleman from
Maine to have the Journal corrected. The
gentleman from Maine has stated the facts
correctly. When I made the motion to recon-
sider references that gentleman had not intro-
duced his resolution.
The SPEAKER. If there be objection to
correcting the Journal the question must be
settled by a majority of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to make
an objection. The question is one of fact.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to state that when the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] introduced this joint resolution
yesterday it was objected to by several mem-
bers. My colleague, Mr. Banks, in particu-
lar objected to it. My colleague, Mr. Twich-c
ell, also objected to it. The objection was
waived when the gentleman stated that he
introduced the joint resolution for reference.
The resolution was introduced and referred.
And now it appears to me that it is rather
unfair to change its position in this way.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
correcting the Journal?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. BECK. Before the question is put, I
desire to ask the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] a question. I did not hear dis-
tinctly what he said. I understood him to say
that but for its being understood that the motion
to reconsider and lay on the table applied to
this joint resolution objection would have been
made.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I stated
that the introduction of the joint resolution was
objected to, and that the gentleman from Maine
having stated that he desired to have it referred
as the objection was withdrawn. It was under
stood that the motion to reconsider was laid on
the table.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If a member yields to another
gentleman for the purpose of introducing a bill,
or for any other purpose, can any gentleman,
when that business is pending, move to recon-
sider and lay on the table, without obtaining
the consent of the member holding the floor 1
And when a member holds the floor for the
very purpose of moving the reference of a bill
and entering a motion to reconsider, having
notified the gentleman who made the motion to
adjourn of his purpose, as in this case, can
another gentleman, without his consent, under
the rule, move to reconsider all references and
table the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's question
is rather complex, but the Chair will endeavor
to answer it. It all proceeds by unanimous
consent. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] himself, after demanding the
regular order, yielded to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lynch.] But before the Chair had
recognized the gentleman from New York the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
was on the floor for a motion which the Chair
understood to include all references and re-
committals. That motion was then pending.
The Chair has made this statement for the
benefit and in favor of his colleague, that his
error, if error it was, may be corrected ; but
there is a great disrelish in the House to having
measures referred for the purpose of entering
a motion to reconsider, and the Chair has no
hesitation in saying that he sympathizes in that
disrelish. It confuses and perplexes the busi-
ness of the House to get bills before the House
in that form, and the Chair does not willingly
favor it. But of course the Chair gives every
gentleman his right under the rules; and in this
instance, if the Chair by including the bill of
his colleague in the motion to reconsider inter-
fered with the rights of and the courtesy due
to his colleague, he has endeavored in every
way to amend it this morning by saying that
the Journal may be corrected if no objection
js made.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to say simply this 
^ Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
This subject is not before the House; the joint
resolution did not come before the House yes-
terday. I stood up in my place in, the House
and objected to its reference, and because I sup-
posed it was not received I waived my opposi-
tion. It is not before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The gentleman from Massachusetts, as
well as others, must be bound by the Journal,
and the Journal states that the joint resolution
was received and referred, and that a motion
to reconsider the vote by which it was referred
was laid on the table.
Mr. BANKS. Then the Journal is incor-
rect. I stood up in my place and objected in
an audible voice.
Mr. LYNCH. I heard no objection.
Mr. BANKS. 1 understood the Speaker
not to receive the joint resolution, and the
Journal should be corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman's objection. The Chair so put
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] as to include this measure, and
hence the motion to reconsider the vote by
which it was referred was laid upon the table.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] is
himself on the floor, on a question of the high-
est privilege, to correct the Journal.
Mr. LYNCH. I would like to go on and
make a simple statement without these inter-
ruptions. t desire to say that I agree with the
Chair fully in his opposition to having meas-
ures of any importance introduced and referred
and then brought forward again by motions to
reconsider; but I believe the Chair will bear
me out in the statement that the rules permit it
to be done, and that important bills are brought
before the House in that way. I should not
myselfhave brought in this measure for the
purpose of getting its consideration in that
way but for the fact that I was unable to move
a suspension of the rules yesterday, as I did
not have an opportunity to obtain the floor,
and that this bill has I believe the unanimous
approval of the House with the exception of
three or four gentlemen of the Massachusetts
delegation. It had the assent of at least one
member of the Massachusetts delegation, and
it was before the Committee on Naval Affairs
of the last Congress, who unanimously agreed
to report it aad only failed to do it for the want
of time. The chairman of that committee told
me repeatedly that he could probably get unan-
imous consent to have it considered. It is not
a measure which concludes anything. It sim-
ply asks for information to be furnished to us
at the next session of Congress by the Secretary
of the Navy, so that we may act understandingly
upon a matter which will probably then come
up, the consolidation of the two navy-yards
lying within fifty miles of each other in New
England.
Mr. BANKS. I object to debate on the
question. The only question is whether the
measure is properly before the House.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not want further debate.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the Journal be
corrected, because, as a member of the House,
in the exercise of my rights, when the joint
resolution was proposed, I stood up and ad-
dressed the Speaker, and made objection to
it; and my colleague [Mr. Butler] says he
also made objection in the same way.
Mr. ELDIilDGE. I desire to say that my
attention was particularly called to this matter
when the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch]
made the proposition, and I recollect precisely
the language of the Chair. It was that the
pending question was upon laying on the table
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
bills, &c., including this bill of the gentleman
from Maine, had been referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
that was the fact.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I desire to state further
that when the question was put to the House I
went immediately to the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lynch] and gave him to understand that
I was watching* him, and that I thought if it
had not been for the language of the Speaker
his movement was very adroit to get an oppor-
