918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
House of Peers and the House of Commons,
except when the House of Peers is acting as
a judicial body. I will not read thatbecause
*it is not so material to the immediate question.
I will now read what he says is the practice of
the House of Commons in regard to punish-
ment:
"The modern practice of the Commons is to com-
mit persons to the custody of the sergeant-at-arms,
to Newgate, or to the Tower, during the pleasure
of the house, and to keep offenders there until they
present petitions praying for their release, and ex-
piessing contrition for their offenses, or until, upon
motion made in the House, it is resolved that they
shall be discharged. It is then usual for the parties
to be brought to the bar, and after a reprimand from
the speaker, to be discharged on payment of their
fees. But occasionally their attendance at the bar
and the reprimand hare been dispensed with.
" It is not customary to order a person to be repri-
manded unless he be in custody, though there are
gome examples of a different practice. When the
offonse has not been so grave as to cause the com-
mitment of the offender, he is generally directed to
be 'admonished' only. What is said by Mr.
Speaker in reprimanding or admonishing persons
at the bar is always ordered to he entered in the
iourristls.''—May's Parliamentary Practice, pages
105,106.
Here is the question of the power of impris-
onment :
"No period of imprisonment is named by the
Commons, and the prisoners committed by them, if
not sooner discharged by the House, are immedi-
ately released from their confinement on a proroga-
tion, whether they have paid the fees or not."
That is an adjournment, not a dissolution.
The Senator knows the difference between the
prorogation of Parliament by the Crown and
the dissolution of Parliament.
Mr. CONKLING. I do well know it; and
I wish the Senator would state the distinction
as he understands it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The ministry mayat any
time prorogue Parliament.
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly; and what
does the Senator understand the effect of that
to be?
Mr. SHERMAN. To put it off six or seven
•' months ; in other words, the prorogation is an
adjournment, sine die.
Mr. SUMNEH. The Senator is right; it is
equivalent to an adjournment sine die with us.
Mr. SHERMAN. The ministry may at any
time, if they desire time, prorogue Parliament,
or it they desire to appeal to the people, the
constituency, they dissolve Parliament. It is
an adjournment sine die oi the expiration of
the term.
"If they wore hold longer in custody there is
little doubt but that they would he discharged by
the courts upon a writ ot habeas corpus. Lord Den-
man, in his judgment in the case of iSlockuaie vh.
Hansard, said:
"1 However flagrant the contempt, the House of
Commons c:m only commit till the close of the
existing session.' "
That is the point to wliicli I wish to call tlie
attention of the Senate—
"4 Their privilege to commit is not better known
than this limitation of it. Though tho party should
deserve tho severest ponalties, yet, his offense being
committed the day before the prorogation, it the
house ordered his imprisonment hut for a week,
every court ill Westminster Hall, and every judgo
in all 1 ho courts, would bo bound to discharge him
by /tahc"t cot pu?.'
"It was foiniorly the practice to mako prisoners
receive the judgment of the house kneeling at'the
bar," >fco.—.Uay's l^irliamcntanj Practice, pages 106,
107.
Here is the decision rendered by the highest
tribunal in England, and there are multitudes
of other decisions and precedents on this point,
covering some twenty or thirty pages. Here
let me say, so that the Senate? may reply to
it, that while Mr. Orr was dealing only with
the case he had in hand, that is the approach-
ing end of a Congress, yet in law there is no
difference between what in England is called
a prorogation and a dissolution. It is the
session, the existence of the session, the pres-
ence of the body that gives to the House of
Commons and to the House of Representatives
and to the Senate the power to commit for
contempt, it was to meet that difficulty, the
very case put by Lord Denrnan of a gross con-
tempt of the House a few days before its
adjournment when there was notsufheieut time
to punish under the law—it was to meet that
extreme case put by Lord Denman, that the
House of Representatives in 1857, after a fair
statement of the ease, passed the law under
which the witnesses are undoubtedly liable to
be tried and convicted in the ordinary course
of the criminal law.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr, President, in order
to save the time of the Senate I should like to
have the honorable Senator from Ohio answer
this question: are not the precedents he has
been reading precedents of persons guilty of a
breach of privilege, not witnesses refusing to
tsstify#
Mr. SHERMAN. If my honorable friend
will look he will find twenty pages of cases of
witnesses who refused to testify before com-
mittees, of men who disclosed improperly the
secrets of the body, and there are pages giving
cases of a great variety of newspaper edifors
who surreptitiously got the proceedings of the
House of Commons, or misreported them, or
arraigned a member of Parliament. There
are a number of cases.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know but that
that is so; but if my friend will hear me read
from the pages he has handed me I do not
think we can differ. I am going to read the
cases, and then I am going to read the doctrine
which was applied to those cases, and then we
shall have the whole thing :
"Acting as a court of record, the Commons for-
merly imposed fines and imprisoned offenders for a
time certain."
"In 1375 Smalley, a member's servant, who had
fraudulently procured himself to be arrested, in
order to be discharged of a debt and exeoution, was
committed to the Tower for a month, and until he
should pay to W. Ilewett tho sum of £100."
The Senate will see that that was the case of
the servant of a member who had done a thing
for which he was punished ; nothing to do with
testifying as a witness.
" Again, in 1580, Mr. Arthur Hall, a member, who
had offended the House by a libel, was ordered to be
committed to the Tower, and to remain in the said
prison for six months, and so much longer as until
himself should willingly make retraction of the
said book to the satisfaction of tho House."
Nothing to do, the Senator will see, with tes-
tifying before a committee of the House—acts
of misconduct:
" In 1586, Bland, a currier, was fined twenty pounds
for having used contumacious expressions against
the House of Commons."
I might follow down this list, and it is a list
which is supplemented by the language which
my honorable friend has read. I am reading
on the very preceding page.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will show the Senator
quite a number of cases precisely like ours.
Mr. CONKLING. Very likely; and I will
return tffe book to the Senator in a moment;
but I do not succeed in getting his attention
to the point which I am now stating. I have
turned back a single page from the doctrine
which he read, and 1 am reading the cases
immediately preceding that of which this doc-
trine is affirmed. Now, I have no doubt the
Senator could turn back to other cases in ref-
erence to the testimony of witnesses, to which
cases I will come in one moment; and I think
there is a very full answer to it, at any rate
there is an answer which I will beg to submit
to the Senator presently; but first as to this
point. After enumerating these cases, some
of which 1 have read, follows the language
which the Senator read from this book; and it
follows without the statement of any interme-
diate case. It is of these cases that it is said :
" The modern practice of the Commons is to com-
mit persons to the custody of theserft eant-at-arms, to
Newgate, or to the Tower, during the pleasure of the
houso."
This commentator has first stated, as I read,
that the Commons formerly imposed fines and
imprisoned offenders for a certain time. Now
ho says the modern practice is to commit per-
sons during the pleasure of the house :
" And to keep offenders there until they present
petitions praying for their release, and expressing
| contrition for their offenses."
Does my honorable friend for one moment
confound restraining a man for contempt with
punishment for any offense whatever ? Why,
sir, we have not the shadow of a right to pun-
ish one of these men for one instant if we stay
here; and nobody pretends that we have. They
have committed no offense against us for which
we have a right to punish them, and that is a
part of the fog which has been thrown over
this whole matter. No member of this body
ever supposed that we had a right to punish
them for one instant, although we were here
ourselves when the punishment was inflicted.
What we have done is not punishment. .It is
the assertion of the right to say to them " You
stand committed, not for an offense, not as
punishment, but until you testify as a witness."
This doctrine, says this commentator, was
applied to cases of persons punished for
offenses, and they were imprisoned until they
presented a petition and expressed contrition
for their, offenses.
Now, my honorable friend, although he de-
nies that this is a judicial tribunal, must admit
that it is a tribunal composed of men some of
whom have read law; and, coming down to
the precise necessities of the case, if we want
to convince each other we must admit that,
whether we treat ourselves as Senators or as
lawyers, we know the difference between com-
mitting a man for contempt and sentencing hira
to prison as punishment for a crime.
But now let me come to what will content
the Senator better as a mode of meeting his
argument. Let me admit for the purpose of
the argument that these cases were the cases
of witnesses, that this doctrine was held appli-
cable to witnesses in contempt, and meeting
the Senator upon that ground, let me ask him,
in that event does this authority say anything
except that when Parliament is prorogued,
which we agree is a dissolution as by adjourn-
ment sine die, nothing more 
Mr. SHERMAN. To a time certain.
Mr. CONKLING. For my purpose, to a
time certain or uncertain, which the Senator
will see does not touch the point I make at all.
It is an adjournment of Parliament either sine
die or to some limited but far future day. With
that adjournment the committees fall; with
that adjournment not only Parliament disap-
pears, but the committees of Parliament; and
therefore to hold that you would commit a man
for contempt and yet say to him "If you are
ready to-morrow to purge yourself, and if you
are ready every day to purge yourself, you must
still lie in jail until in the course of events the
Parliamentof Great Britain meets again," has
been treated as an aggravated if not an unwar-
ranted use of authority, and therefore they
have refused to exercise authority to that
extent. That is all.
Mr. raURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment to make a
suggestion? The case is greatly stronger; when
Parliament is prorogued it cannot assemble
again of its own mere will; it must be called
by the queen.
Mr. SHERMAN. The prorogation always
fixes the time of meeting.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Shbrmax] tried to hedge against that
objection which I was going to make, by say-
mg that a prorogation adjourned Parliament
to a day certain; and therefore I am answer-
ing him, admitting his premises, taking the
case as he understands it, though I do not
understand it so; and then I say it is a com-
plete answer, on his own premises, that when
Parliament went away it carried with if everj
vestige of its authority, leaving behind it no
locum ienens, no representative which conld
be clothed with the power to accept the ex-
purgation which the law required. Does not
that answer him?
But, Mr. President, I deny altogether the
law which the honorable Senator has cited
and the application of it which he has made.
1 say again that it is the ease of offenders pun
