214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
now the gentleftan from Massachusetts wishes
to have the Journal corrected so as to say that
it was not introduced.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
decide.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to have the Journal
corrected so as to recognize ray objection. If
gentlemen on the other side object, let the
House determine the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, as the House very well knows, is
skilled in parliamentary law, and the Chair
can only state to him that what he asks would
not present a legitimate correction of the Jour-
nal. The gentleman might not have been
heard by the Chair, but that would not be any
ground for a correction of the Journal. It
would of course imply carelessness on the part
of the Chair, or a lack of hearing; but it would
not, in the judgment of the Chair, be any
legitimate basis for a correction of the Journal.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to have the
J ournal corrected farther than to have it ac-
cord with the fact that when unanimous con-
sent was asked for the introduction of the joint
resolution I stood up in my place and objected.
I want that fact to be stated upon the Journal.
The question was taken; and the House
refused to make the correction indicated.
Mr. LYNCH. I now ask that the question
be put on my motion, so that the Journal shall
be corrected so as to give me the right to enter
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does not that,
if granted, put it in the power of a majority to
do what the gentleman could not have done
except by unanimous consent ?
Mr. BANKS. Which unanimous consent
was refused by the House.
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to
determine.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty, noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will stand as
it has been recorded.
WILLIAM SELLERS AND COLKMAN SELLERS.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill (H. It. No. 283) to enable
William Sellers and Coleman Sellers to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of letters-patent for an im-
provement in coupling for shafting.
The bill was read.
Mr. KELLEY. The circumstances of the
case are these. The law requires the applica-
tion to be made within ninety days 
Mr. STEVENSON. I reserve the right to
object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman makes
his explanation by unanimous consent.
Mr. KELLEY. Messrs. William Sellers
and Coleman Sellers obtained the ordinary
patent for an improvement in the coupling for
shafting. The law allows them an extension
of hearing before the Commissioner, but re-
quires the application for that extension to be
made ninety days before the expiration of the
patent. These ninety days began to run on the
sd of February ; but they did not observe the
date until the 22d. On the 23d they forwarded
a petition, which was presented to the last Con-
gress and went to the Committee on Patents,
which had no opportunity of reporting, nor had
I the opportunity of bringing it before the
House. They are still within the ninety days.
They have two months and more than a week
of the ninety days. They ask to go on as if
the lapse of two weeks had not happened.
That is the whole of the bill. It gives no
patent. It simply gives them a hearing which
they are entitled to by law, or would have been
had they observed the date of the patent. I
hope the explanation is satisfactory to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not Kke this
way of legislating without committees, aid I
must object. I object because I do not under-
stand the subject.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman does not,
it is because he will not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If I do not object I
am told there are other gentlemen here who
will object.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask, then, that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Patents when
appointed.
There was no objection ; and tne bill was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Patents.
VENEZUELA CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I desire unani-
mous consent to introduce and have put upon
its passage a joint resolution for the distribu-
tion of moneys paid, or to be paid, by the
republic of Venezuela.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
read, after which objections, if any, will be in
order.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I desire to make
a brief explanation.to the House. This is pre-
cisely the resolution which was reported from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the last
Congress. It was passed here without objec-
tion, but was lost in the Senate merely for want
of time to consider it. The resolution simply
entitles the parties who have waited twenty
or thirty years for the payment of money to
receive the money, which lies in the office of
the Secretary of State. Some of them, I know,
are poor and need the money desperately.
Mr. BANKS. I must say that in regard to
those claims there is a groat deal of dispute
and of doubt, and the joint resolution is one
which should not be passed without consider-
ation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
post routs in pennsylvania.
Mr. McCLELLAND. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce and put upon its passage a
bill to establish a post route from Beallsville
to Waynesburg, Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object. I object to
all this scrambling legislation.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. COX. Let us adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] for the previous question on the bill
(S. No. 177) to provide for a reissue of
national bank notes, and for other purposes,
which was before the House yesterday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that bill
ought not to pass without further considera-
tion. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the previous question is
seconded, will it apply to the motion to com-
mit the bill?
The SPEAKER. If the House shall second
the demand for the previous question, the first
vote will be on referring the bill to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency. If the House
rejects that motion, the next question would
be on ordering the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. The previous question would
operate on that.
The SPEAKER. It would operate clear
through.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope, then, the demand
for the previous question will be voted down.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
motion to adjourn, in order that if the pre-
vious question is seconded the bill in charge
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
may be referred to the Committee on Banking
and Currency.
Mr. STEVENSON. I renew the motion to
adjourn. I desired to offer an amendment to
the bill which was not admitted.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 88, noes 58.
Mr. MOREY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 72, not voting
44; as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Beek, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Clnrkc,
Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Dulto, Eldridge.Ely, Farnsworth, F.irwell, Finkeln-
burg, Forker, Garrett, Get®, Golladay, Griffith, Ham-
bleton.Handley, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris,
John T. Harris, Hereford, I-Iolman, Kelley. Kerr,
King, Km sell a, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, MeCormick, McHenry, Mc-
Intyre, McJunkin, McKinney, McNeely, Merriaui,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan. Morphis, Niblaclt,
Orr, Packard, Perce, Eli Perry,Peter?, Potter, Price,
Prindle, Hainoy, Randall, Edward Y. Rice. John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Wiliiam R. Roberts, Robinson,
Rogers, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood. Sho-
ber, Slater, Slocum,SIoss, John A. Smith, R. Milton
Speer. Stevenson, Storm, Sutherland. Swann, Taffe,
Terry, Tuthill, Tyner, Va,n Trump, Vaughan, Wad-
dell, Wakeman, W aid en, Whitthorne, Will&rd, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Williams of New York, Wood, and
Young—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Burdett. Benjamin F. Butler, Oobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cook, Creely, Dawes, DeLarge, Don-
nan. Dunnell, Barnes, Elliott, Charles Foster, Fryo,
Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Havens, Hawley,
Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazieton, Hill,
Hooper, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger, Lamport,
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, Mcrcur, Monroe, Moore,
Morey, Palmer. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Poland,
Porter, Ellis II. Roberts, Sawyer, Sessions, Shella-
barger, H. Boaftlman Smith, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Stoughton, Stowell, Thomas, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Twichell. Waldron. Walls,
Wells, Whiteley, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—72.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barber,
Barry, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, Cotton, Cross-
land, Barrall, Dickey, Duell, Henry D. Foster, Hal-
deman. Hanks, Hays, Hoar, Lansing, McCrary. Mc-
Grew, McKee, Merrick, Mitchell, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Packer, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt,, Read, Roose-
velt, Rusk, Seeley, Shoemaker, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, St. John, Sypher, Dwight Town-
send, Upson, Voorhees, Wallace, Warren, Wash-
burn, Wheeler, and Winchester—44.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Pending the announcement of the vote on
the motion to adjourn,
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (S. No. 74) relating to moneys paid
into the courts of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 119) to further regulate the
publication of the specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office; and
A bill (S. No. 202) authorizing the President
to nominate R. II. Lamson a lieutenant in the
United States Navy.
ELECTION CONTEST—ROGERS YS. SNYDER.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional testimony in the contested-election case
of Rogers vs. Snyder, from the second district
of Arkansas ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
COLLECTORS Of INTERNAL REVENUE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, ia
relation to balances due from collectors of
internal revenue, stating that the resolution was
answered and all the information furnished on
the 18th of last February ; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means when
appointed, and ordered to be printed.
ARMY APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to the twentieth section of the act approved
July 15, 1871, making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1871 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations when appointed, and
ordered to be printed.
BOUNDARY COMMISSION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the Houstt
