1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
a letter from the Secretary of State, in relation
to the expenses of a joint commission to mark
the boundary line between the United States
and the British possessions from the Lake of
the Woods to the Rocky mountains ; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs when appointed, and ordered to be
printed.
claims of colored soldiers and sailors.
The SPEAKER^ilso laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to the omission on the part of the last Congress
to appropriate $100,000 to continue the pay-
ment of the claims of colored soldiers and sail-
ors during the fiscal "year 1871-72; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations
■when appointed, and ordered to be printed.
payment for horses.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a leiter from the Secretary of War, in relation
to an appropriation for payments for horses,
&c., lost by the military service; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims when
appointed, and ordered to be printed.
election contest gooding vs. wilson.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional testimony in the contested-election
case of Gooding vs. Wilson, from the fourth
district of Indiana; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
election contest norris vs. handle?.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional testimony in the contested-election
case of Norris vs. Handley, from the third dis-
trict of Alabama; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
indian supplies.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to an appropriation for the purpose
of purchasing supplies for the Arapahoes,
Cheyennes, Apaches, Kiowas, and Comanche
Indians ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
report on minks and mining.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting to the House the report of the
special commissioner for the collection of min-
ing statistics in the States and Territories west
of the iiocky mountains ; which was referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining, and
ordered to be printed.
■withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Barney M. Smith.
On motion of Mr. COOK, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of papers in the
case of Robert Tilson.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of papers in the
case of William Crutchiield.
On motion of Mr. MKRCUE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of papers in the
case of Charles T. Weston.
On motion of Mr. BECK, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of John A. Thompson & Co.
On motion of Mr. RAINEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of J. Westley Smith.
On motion of Mr. PACKARD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in -the cases of Thomas Tyner and Julius
Sprandel.
On motion of Mr. BURCHA.RD, by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of F. B. Brayton.
On motion of Mr. HEREFORD, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the case of D. W. Martindall.
leave of ausence.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, was granted
leave of absence for the remainder of this
week.
Mr. PACKER was granted leave of absence
for the remainder of this week.
Mr. UPSON was granted leave of absence
for one week.
Mr. POTTER was granted leave of absence
for the remainder of the week.
reconsideration of references.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider all
references this morning; and I also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. There has been nothing
referred upon which legislation can be based
without action by the several committees.
Mr. RANDALL. I think it will be safe, at
all events, to put the motion.
The latter motion made by Mr. Randall was
then agreed to.
leave to print.
Mr. POTTER was granted leave to have
printed in the Globe some remarks he had pre-
pared upon the questions of the tariff and the
abolition of the franking privilege. [See
Appendix.]
printing of bills.
The SPEAKER. It will be seen by refer-
ence to the Globe of this morning that the
objections made yesterday to the printing of
bills then introduced and referred were subse-
quently withdrawn. Those bills, therefore, will
be regarded as having been ordered to be
printed.
The vote on the piotion to adjourn was then
announced as above recorded.
Accordingly (at one o'clock and thirty min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Mrs. Rosa
Yutner Jeffries, of Lexington, Kentucky, pray-
ing Congress to allow her compensation for
the furniture, books, and for damages done to
her property in Lexington, Kentucky, while
used as military headquarters by the officers
of the United States from 1863 till 18C5.
By Mr. COOK: The memorial of T. A.
Leeper, for compensation for services and ex-
penses in transferring William Kerby from the
custody of the memorialist to the custody of
the United States marshal, Louisville, Ken-
tucky.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of Henry Camp, late major of volunteers, for
arrears of pensions.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of citizens
of Yancey county, North Carolina, asking the
establishment of a mail route from Burnesville
to Pensacola, in said county.
By Mr. McHENRY: The petition of Alice
Park, of Henderson, Kentucky, praying for a
proper allowance for the destruction of her
property by order of the United States author-
ities for Government purposes.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The petition of
Stephen Colvin and others, that a duty of sixty
per cent, ad valorem be levied on all importa-
tions of machinery manufactured in part or in
whole of iron or steel.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: The petition of
citizens of the United States in the State of
Michigan, for permission to Portage Lake
Bridge Company to build and maintain a bridge
across Portage Lake on certain conditions.
IN SENATE, %
Wednesday, March 22,1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man', D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits, under the twenty-fourth rule, a concur-
rent resolution from the House of Representa-
tives, contemplating the final adjournment of
this session of Congress." It will be reported
by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and tho Speaker
of tho House of Representatives be authorized to
close tho present session by adjourning their re-
spective Houses on the 23d day of March instant,
at twelve o'clock, noon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is not very
full at this moment. I should like to have a
vote on that resolution, substituting some other
day, say Monday next or Wednesday.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it He on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it could be passed
over informally until the Senate fills up, and
we could then take the vote upon it, I should
prefer that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent to pass over the resolutioa
informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
objection to letting it lie over fifteen or twenty
minutes and then calling it up.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was going to move that
the resolution lie on the table, but I will not do
so now if the Senator desires to have it passed
over for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall move to lay it oa
the table whenever it comes up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unan-
imous consent that the Chair shall submit thi*
resolution at half past twelve o'clock, when the
Senate will probably be full? If there be
no objection he will submit it at that hour.
["Agreed."]
gross of hatches.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
Senate to consider the motion to reconsider the
vote by which Senate bill No. 209, to define &
gross of matches, and for other purposes, was
passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will also
require unanimous consent, as the morning
business has priority.
Mr. BAYARD. If there be no objection,
I ask for the present consideration of the mo-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suggest to my friend
from Delaware that he allow the bill to go upon
the Calendar.
Mr. BAYARD. I am willing that the vote
shall be considered as reconsidered, and the
bill placed on the Calendar.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; I make that
suggestion.
Mr. BAYARD. Is that the understand-
ing?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the understand-
'"The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be regarded as agreed to, and
the passage of the bill reconsidered, and the
bill placed on the Calendar.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. STEWART. I present a petition of
citizens of eastern Nevada, praying that a
laud grant be made to aid in constructing a
railroad running south from the Central Pacific
railroad, and through the eastern portion of
the State. As this petition is short and states
some important facts, 1 move that it be printedj
