1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
House of Congress has any power to continue
the imprisonment of a witness for refusing to
answer the questions of one of its committees,
or-as a punishment of a party in contempt of
its privileges, for a longer period thau its own
continuance in session.
I do not propose now to go into an exam-
ination of the derivation of the power of either
of the deliberative assemblies that compose
the Congress of the United States to punish
for contempts. It is sufficient to say that
power has been recognized by the highest judi-
cial tribunal of our country. The Supreme
Court of the United States in the case of An-
derson vs. Dunn, to be found in 0 Wheaton,
have recognized the power of the Congress of
the United States to punish for such contempts,
and they have also considered the duration of
the imprisonment for contempt, such punish-
ment being imprisonment alone, and tlieir
decision is in accordance with the statement
of the honorable Senator from Ohio who sits
farthest from me, [Mr. Sherman.]
And here let me say, Mr. President, that it
•was gratifying to find that honorable Senator's
voice raised in favor of this proposition and in
opposition to the aibitrary exercise of discre-
tionary powers by Congress, and still more
refreshing was it to find the distinguished Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumneii] willing
to come back and stand upon the fixed and
narrow yet well-defined pathway of the Fed-
eral Constitution. I must congratulate him
upon his return. I only hope that he there
may stand. Oh, sir, how much belter is it to
hear of the limitations upon the powers of Con-
gress, to hear Congress declared to be a body
only invested with certain enumerated powers,
and those under strict limitations, than to hear
those other phrases which saluted our ears
the other day under the high-sounding titles
of a "generous imperialism," a "centralism
of liberty," and "the imperialism of equal
rights." Such phrases, in my opinion, had a
sad and melancholy significance in the Amer-
ican Senate; and therefore it is that 1 con-
gratulate that distinguished Senator upon his
abandonment of such despotic and dangerous
ideas and a return ad antivuas rias, upon
which his feet can rest securely and his argu-
ments for liberty safely depend.
But, Mr. President, in considering the sub-
ject of the liberty of an American citizen,
whoever he may be, and the power of either
of the deliberative assemblies to interfere with
that liberty in the high discretion that may be
necessarily vested in either House of Congress
in order to punish contempts, to enforce their
rules, and to secure the objects for which they
were organized under the Constitution, I am
not, willing that we should stand only on the
doctrines of the British Government. I am
unwilling that we should borrow our prece-
dents wholly from them, however fragrant they
may be with the spirit of civil liberty. Our
form of government is still more limited than
theirs, and I should be very sorry to admit
that omnipotence in an American Congress
which by the theory of the British constitution
is confided to their Parliament.
Here is a case of imprisonment for refusing
to answer questions of the Senate. A dis-
tinction is sought to be drawn by the Senator
from New York [Mr. Cokklixg] between im-
prisonment as a punishment for contempt and
iuipiisoument for refusing to answer questions
propounded by a legislative committee. How-
ever possible it might be to discriminate be-
tween these two, nevertheless the result is the
same of the power of the Senate to continue
the imprisonment alter its own session had
ceased, either for the sake of punishment or
siirply as the confinement of a wi'ness for
refusing to answer. There i^ no difference in
this fact: that 1 he liberty of the citizen in
either case is equally involved. 1 think it can
be shown by reason and by law that the power
of Congress to hold a man in custody either
by way of punishment or to compel him to
answer ceases when that Congress adjourns
without day.
1 will not now discuss the other question of
a temporary adjournment for a few days or
over the holidays. There may be a question
there. But let us consider this case under its
present facts, which are sufficient for our pur-
pose, although I believe that, fixing the prin-
ciple, you can very readily apply it to any case
of adjournment.
The power is claimed to hold these witnesses
for refusing to answer proper questions put to
them by the special committee of the Senate.
The contempt is not the contempt of the com-
mittee. The contempt is the contempt of the
Senate which raised the committee. They
alone are the judges of that contempt. They
alone can punish it or say when the occasion
for punishment arises.
That involves the further proposition that
you cannot delegate such a discretion as that
to a committee. It is not capable of delega-
tion, for, as I said before, it is not contempt of
the committee, but of the body which origin-
ated the investigation. Therefore the discre-
tion which shall fix the punishment and limit
its duration must be vested necessarily in the
body against which the contempt was directed
and which alone has the power to punish it.
There is one illustration that will show how
utterly dangerous and cruel, how fatal to all
our ideas of limitation of power it would be if
any American citizen could be placed in the
position to which he would be consigned if
the Senate refused to discharge parties in this
position upon the expiration of the present
session or its adjournment without day. The
power that imprisons these witnesses can alone
release them. If it be competent for either
House of Congress to keep a man in prison
after adjournment, then what human power
can release him? He is not the subject of
executive clemency. Ordinarily, a man im-
prisoned under the sentence of a court of jus-
'tice, say for a term of three or six months,
should he fall ill and that fact be certified to
the executive power wherever it might reside,
ho would be released from imprisonment
either by pardon or by a writ of habeas corpus,
because you should not in that mode change
a sentence of imprisonment for a few months
into what would be a sentence of death. That
alone would answer this case.
It will not do to say that Congress can del-
egate to a committee the power to take the
answers of these prisoners to the questions,
and that they carry with them into prison the
key that will discharge them upon answer-
ing, because the sufficiency of the answer is,
after all, the question in dispute. They have
already answered. The committee have re-
ported the answers as insufficient. The Senate
has confirmed the action of the committee, and
the witnesses have been remanded to the cus-
tody of the Sergeant-at-Arms until such time
as they shall make proper answer to those
questions. Who is to be the judge of the suf-
ficiency of those answers? No one but the
Senate of the United States. Then when they
shall adjourn, as presently they will, until
December, who shall say for them during the
recess that the period has arrived when the
discretion of the Senate has been satisfied by
the answers of those witnesses ? No man can
say so, no committee can say so ; and the wit-
nesses must remain in imprisonment; and if
the hand of sickness should touch them, soon
perhaps to become the hand of death, and they
were to die, f ask upon whose head would be
their blood ?
Mr. CONKL1NG. May T ask a question
of the honorable Senator right there?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. CONIvLING. He having told us now,
as I understand him, that the committee alone
could not discharge these men, I ask him. this
question : suppose while he is speaking to-day,
and under the order of the Senate, the wit-
nesses should appear before the committee
and answer these and other questions, does he
think they would not be discharged under ihe
order of the Senate without further proceed-
ings ; or does he think that it would be neces-
sary for them to come here before we shall
adjourn now and get a discharge and a certifi-
cate from the Senate, or wait until we assem-
ble again and come and get it?
Mr. BAYARD. The answer is very plain.
They come here and give what the committee
are pleased to call an evasive answer. It may
be an answer which some Senators of this
body have already expressed themselves satis-
fied with. The majority are not; and among
them are members of the special committee.
Now, I repeat, when these parties come to
answer, they may answer as they did before,
or equally unsatisfactorily. -Will that dis-
charge them?
Mr. CONKLING. But the Senator, if he
will pardon me, misapprehends the point of
my question. I understand him to say that
there is but one tribunal that can determ-
ine the sufficiency or the insufficiency of the
answers of these witnesses, namely, the Senate
itself; that the committee cannot do that, in
order to see whether he is right in that regard
or not, I inquire of him, regardless of the fact
that we are going to adjourn, if the witnesses
appeared before the'committee and testified to
the satisfaction of the committee, would that
discharge them, purge them from their eon-
tempt, or not? If so, I beg to submit to him,
that would be just as true on Monday, should
the Senate in the mean time adjourn, as it
would be to-day; and if he is right in his
proposition, then both Houses have from time
immemorial been acting under an entire mis-
apprehension, because both Houses have sup-
posed that when under the order of the House
a witness stood in contempt he was directed
so to stand until he answered, and when he
appeared before the committee and did answer
the contingency had happened upon which
alone depended his right to be discharged.
Mr. BAYARD. The result of the honor-
able Senator's argument is simply this: that
the liberty of an American citizen would de-
pend solely upon the discretion of that Sen-
ator and his colleagues on the committee; and
that, I say, is not tho law of this country, and
I pray God that it never may be. It is suffi-
cient for me to say also that I consider it dan-
gerous enough that the liberty of these men,
or of any witnesses, even during the session of
Congress, should depend upon the discretion
of one of these legislative bodies. That is
going quite far enough, without attempting to
delegate that discretion to a committee, and
therefore to place the liberty of two American
citizens during the recess of Congress subject
solely to the discretion of one of the commit-
tees of the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. If it be not in the power
of the Senate, in the first appointment of a
committee to make an investigation, to dele-
gate to that committee in advance the power
to commit a witness to prison in case the com-
mittee should determine that he refuses to
answer their questions, and if the Senate does
not delegate the power m advance to commit
a witness, how can it delegate the power to
commit afterward, and to determine the ques-
tion whether he had purged his contempt?
Mr. BAY'ARD. Theansweris plain enough.
By the conceded powers and usage of Con-
gress—and no one that I have heard lias made
a claim beyond this—where a committee of
investigation has been appointed, and they
found a recusant witness, it was their business
to report his recusancy to the House iu which
the committee originated and that he should
be brought to the bar, that the propriety of the
question should first be passed upon by the
House, and next the sufficiency of his answer;
but they cannot even during their session dele-
