218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. STEWART. I will withdraw it for
morning business.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The call of
reports from committees has not yet been
concluded. Reports are still in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 205) to
provide for the completion of the tympanum
of the south wing of the Capitol building,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, also from the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 273) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to convey the United States
branch mint at Dahlonega, Georgia, to the
trustees of the North Georgia Agricultural
College, for educational purposes, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 3) construing the act of July
14, 1870, entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," so as to pro-
vide for the admission of animals specially
imported for breeding purposes free of duty
from the Dominion of Canada, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
■was agreed to, and the joint resolution was
postponed indefinitely.
JURORS IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, by the
passage of the act creating a Territory of the
District of Columbia, the law authorizing the
selection ofjurors has been repealed and there
is no means now provided for the selection of
jurors in the courts here. There is a short
bill of a few lines that has been handed me
that I would ask to have taken up and acted
upon to remedy that defect. It will take but
a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks unanimous consent to consider a
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and I ask
to have the committee discharged. It is Sen-
ate bill No. 257.
The motion to discharge the committee was
" to.
Mr. STEWART. I see that I am not going
to have time this morning to make my motion.
It is one of those motions that ought to be
made, and if I can have unanimous consent
to bring it up immediately after the voting to-
day, I presume it will take but a few moments,
and I will give way 
Mr. ANTHONY. That is not. fair toward
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.]
He has been giving way to everybody. He
ought to have the floor after two o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. I say after the voting is
done, at two o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the Senator from
Pennsylvania has the floor then.
Mr. STEWART. Then, I think this is a
question of higher privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from
Nevada does not object to passing that lit-
tle bill relative to jurors in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, to
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 207) to amend the act
approved June 16,18G2, entitled "An act pro-
viding for the selection ofjurors to serve in the
several court3 of the District of Columbia."
The preamble recites that by the first section
of the act of June 1G, 1862, the list ofjurors to
serve in the courts of the District of Columbia
fa tq, be made by the register of Washington
City and the clerks of the city of Georgetown
and levy court of Washington county, and that
those officers are abolished by the act approved
February 21,1871, entitled "An act to provide
a government for the District of Columbia."
The bill therefore provides that the supreme
court of the District of Columbia may, by orders
in general term, from time to time, designate
necessary officers or persons to make the lists
of jurors for service in that court, instead of the
abolished officers. The justice holding the
special term usually called the circuit court
may order talesmen to be summoned by the
marshal whenever the panel drawn for service
in that court for any reason becomes defective.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
bill by inserting after the word "that," in the'
third line, the words " until the Legislative
Assembly shall otherwise provide;" so that it
will read:
Tt\afc until the Legislative Assembly shall other-
wise provide the supreme court of the District of
Columbia may, by orders in general term, from time
to time, designate necessary officers or persons to
make the lists ofjurors for service in said court,
instead of said abolished officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 297) to confer certain powers upon the
board of public works in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON also asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 298) directing the conveyance of
certain lots of ground, with the improvements
thereon, for the use of the public schools of
the city of Washington ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON also asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 299) amending an act entitled "An
act directing the conveyance of a lot of ground
for the use of the public schools of the city of
Washington;" which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
300) to grant lands to the Shenandoah Valley
Railroad Company, to aid in the construction
of said road; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 301) to authorize the construction of a
bridge across the Missouri river at or near St.
Joseph, Missouri; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 302) for the relief of Hiram W. Love, of
the State of Iowa; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 130)
to reestablish the office of surveyor at East-
port, Maine, with amendments, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also an nounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolution ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 286) to authorize the com-
missioners to revise the statutes to print their
report; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 31) granting
the right to srect a monument to Professor
Morse on a Government reservation.
SENATORS FKOM ALABAMA AND GEORGIA.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to take up
the credentials of the Senators from Georgia
and Alabama.
The VICE PRESIDENT TheSenatorfrom
Nevada moves to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution reported by the Committee
on Privileges and Elections, in regard to the
right of two gentlemen claiming seats on this
floor.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. HILL. I ask for a division on the
motion; and before the division is had, I beg
the attention of the Senate merely to this
remark. It is not expected, I believe, that
we shall be here for many weeks; from what I
can learn from Senators, nobody believes that
we shall have a session lasting longer than a
month. Personally, I should prefer that neither
of these cases should be considered now. I
think it has been the usage of the Senate of
late not to consider, except seriatim, the appli-
cation of claimants for seats. The difference
between the two applicants here for seats and
the principles that will govern the investiga-
tion is, in my judgment, very wide. It is
enough to say at present that if we proceed to
the consideration of this matter now, I know
that we shall only make progress up to two
o'clock, and but smail progress at that. I do
not see anything to be gained by it if there is
any other business of value before the Senate.
In the ease of the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Gilbert] there was a question of fact that
governed the case 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Georgia that by the
eleventh rule, as he has often stated to the
Senate, debate on the merits of a proposition
cannot be entertained pending a motion to
take it up. After it is taken up debate on the
merits will be in order.
Mr. HILL. What I have said goes to the
expediency of taking it up. In the first place
I will inform the Senate that I shall call for
the reading of the memorial of Mr. Bryant in
regard to Mr. Blodgett. That is a start in the
proceeding, and that will form a reason with
some Senators, I judge, why there should be a
delay in this matter.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
one moment?
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to put a question
to the Chair. When is the proper time to
demand a division of the resolution? The
resolution applies to two individuals, Senators
claiming to be elected from different States,
and it is clearly a case in which it is proper to
demand a division, as I humbly submit, and
the question is whether that demand would not
properly be made after the resolution is taken
up, and not before.
Mr. STEWART. It will be open to amend-
ment when it is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not desire to anticipate decisions on points of
order which may arise, when they do not arise
upon the preliminary motion to take up a prop-
osition. The Chair will state to the Senator
from Ohio that by the uniform ruling under
the twelfth rule a division of a proposition
can be demanded by any Senator when each
branch of the proposition will stand by itself
as a substantive proposition if the other should
be rejected. If not, then it must be reached
by the process of amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. That 1 understand; but
the question is, when should that demand for a
division be made? Can it ever be made until
the resolution is taken up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be mado
