1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
at any time during the pendency of the reso-
lution, before its adoption, if it can be divided.
That question will recur on the phraseology of
the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Chair does not
quite comprehend the question of the Senator
from Ohio, or if the Chair does, I do not. If
I understand the Senator from Ohio, he asks
to know when the motion which he desires to
moke can be made^ Not until after the reso-
lution is taken upTnd is before us.
Mr. THURMAN. ThatiswhatI supposed ;
that is my idea.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio is predicating his remarks on the propo-
sition that this resolution was susceptible of
division.
Mr. HAMLIN. After it comes up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the Chair
states that it is susceptible of division by the
rales if each branch would stand by itself, the
other being x-ejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. That would be after it was
before the Senate, and then the division could
be had.
Mr. THURMAN. The reason I put the
inquiry was this: I understood the Senator
from Georgia to demand a division, and I sup-
posed, when he spoke of a division, that he
meant a division of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division of
the Senate on taking up the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not understand
him so.
Mr. HILL. I gave notice yesterday that I
would at the proper time demand a division.
Mr. THURMAN. And I supposed the
Senator had anticipated the time when that
demand could be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If his demand
were for a division of the resolution, it is not
divisible now, because it is not before the
Senate.
Mr. HILL. I demanded a division on the
motion to take it up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
was correct.
Mr. THURMAN. I misunderstood the Sen-
ator.
Mr. HILL. In addition to what I have re-
marked, I will say that the subject which pre-
sents itself here is too large a one for hasty
consideration. It will necessarily give rise, I
think, to rather protracted debate. I do not
see very well how that can be avoided; and in
the short time that we have before we reach
an important question upon which we are to
vote it strikes me it is inexpedient to enter
upon its consideration now, though it is a
matter of no great consequence whether we do
or not, so far as I am personally concerned.
Mr. STE WART. I hope the Senator will
allow it to come up.
Mr.- HILL. I should prefer to have U taken
up and a day assigned for its consideration, if
the Senator desires. I think it has magnitude
enough to take even that.
Mr. STEWART. I do not suppose the
Senate will be deterred on a privileged ques-
tion by a threat that it will take long to con-
sider it. It must be considered, and if it is
to take a long time it had better be taken up
now than hereafter.
Mr. HILL. I disclaim any desire to make
a threat. If these claimants are entitled to
their seats, and if it is so clear that it would
be an apparent wrong to keep them out, then
I am one of the last Senators who would at-
tempt to do such a thing as that, in any way ;
I would not impede them at all. But I do not
think, from my judgment—I may be pardoned
for saying that much—that, in one of thecases
at least, it is so clear as to leave no doubt of
the prima facie right to a seat here.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator
from Georgia demands a division, and the
question is, will the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the resolution reported by
the Committee on Privileges and Elections 1
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate, and the Secretary will
report it.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as
follows:
Resolved, That George Qoldthwaite and Foster
Blodgett be permitted to take seats in this body
upon taking the proper oath ; and that the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections proceed here-
after to consider the grounds on which their rights
to seats respectively are contested, and hereafter
make reports to the Senate thereon.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I demand a division
of that resolution.
Mr. STEWART. Before that is done I
should like to make a word of explanation
about this matter.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to argue
the merits, I am not going to say a word
about the merits. I acknowledge the right
of the Senator to open the case on the merits.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to let the
whole thing be voted on without debate.
. Mr. HILL. No.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to state why I
think this resolution is divisible before the
Chair decides the question.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator from Ohio
yield to me ?
The V1CEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has risen to demand a division of this
resolution, and he is proceeding to show that it
is divisible.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator waive his
demand for a moment until I call for the
reading of the memorial which I presented
yesterday?
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot do that, because
if the division is had and a vote taken in regard
to one of these gentlemen, then that memorial
would properly come up for consideration in
regard to the other.
Mr. HILL. Perhaps it might 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Ohio declines to yield, and he will proceed with
his argument, the morning hour not yet having
expired. He desires to show that this resolu-
tion is divisible. That is the prior right of the
Senator.
Mr. HILL. If the Senator will pardon me,
I will at least do this : I will ask that as soon
as his motion is submitted he permit the
reading to take place; or does he insist on a
vote upon his motion before that ?
Mr. THURMAN. I must insist on stating
the grounds why I think the resolution is divis-
ible, and then it will be for the Chair to decide
whether it is or not. I shall be but a moment
about it.
Mr. President, this is the first time that a
committee of the Senate has reported in one
resolution upon the right of more than one
member to a seat in this body, even where both
members have been from the same State, un-
less it was in the case of the first election
from a State, or in the case of a State being
restored to her representation in this body. I
repeat, this is the first time in which a com-
mittee of the body has reported upon the right
to seats in this body of more than one Senator
in one resolution, or where it has put two or
more Senators in the same resolution, unless,
indeed, it were the case of the first election of
Sehators by a State, or an election by a re-
constructed State upon the restoration of that
State to representation in this body, and both
from the same State. That is not this case at
all. Here, in one resolution, the claim of the
Senator from Alabama and the claim of the
person claiming to be a Senator from Georgia
are embraced ; and I submit it is not possible
for the committee, by farming a resolution in
this way, to prevent the Senate from dividing
upon this question.
Mr. CONKLING. Does not the motion to
strike out present the same question ?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 know that will present
the same question; but there is a difference
between a motion to strike out and a division;
and I insist upon the right to have a division.
1 know it will be said in regard to that, if there
be a division and you should take the first name
here and vote that Goldthwaite be permitted
to take his seat in this body, that grammatic-
ally the resolution would not. be correct. That
is all very true; but that does not determine
that there may not be a division. You do not
stick in the bark, or in .the grammar; you go
to the substance of the thing; and the first
vote may be upon Goldthwaite, who is named
first, and if it be decided in his favor or against
him, no matter which, then you come to the
case of Blodgett, and if it be decided in his
favor, then you may amend the mere grammar
of the resolution so as to make it correspond
with the decision of the Senate. 1 submit
that mere bad grammar cannot prevent the
division where the subjects are entirely dis-
tinct. The rightto amend exists iueverycase,
but that does not prevent a division of the sub-
ject at all; that does not take away from the
Senate the right to have a division; and I
submit it is not necessary in order to h,ave a
division that the matter when divided should
read grammatically and need no amendment.
I have never seen such a test as that applied
in my life. Suppose we take the vote first
upon Goldthwaite, who is named first in the
resolution, and say he is entitled to a seat here;
and suppose afterward it be decided that Blod-
gett -is entitled to take his seat, then you do
not need to change one letter in the resolu-
tion ; it stands just as it is reported. Sup-
pose, on the other hand, it be decided that
Blodgett shall not take his seat, then all you
have to do is to correct the grammar, to put
the singular number in place of the plural
number, and you have the resolution perfect.
I therefore submit to the Chair that a division
is proper according to parliamentary law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thehourofone
o'clock having arrived, the Senate resumes the
consideration of the resolution of the Senator
fropi Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony.]
Mr. STEWART. I will simply say that I
want to call this resolution up and have action
upon it. I will not ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] to give way to me unless
he is willing to do so after the voting has taken
place on the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island; but as soon as the Senator
from Pennsylvania is through, I give notice
that I shall call this resolution up; and I want
to say this much in regard to it, that no threat
of a long debate ought to deter the Senate un-
der the circumstances from hearing a privi-
leged question of this chaiacter.
Mr. ANTHONY. The general understand-
ing was, that after the vote had been tak en on
the resolution now pending the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who has been giving way to
everybody, should have the floor, and it ought
not to be taken from him.
Mr. STE WART. I stated that I should not
interfere with him.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I have no objection.
Mr. STEWART. But, independent of that,
I shall insist on the consideration of this res-
olution at all times.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Rhode Island is now before
the Senate.
Mr. HILL. If the Chair will pardon me for
one moment, I wish to say a word in reply to
a remark that dropped from the Senator from
Nevada. If the Senator from Nevada imagines
that 1 threatened the Senate with the infliction
of a long speech myself he is mistaken. I sub-
mit to the Senate, who is most in the habit of
inflicting long speeches upon them, the Senator
or myself?
business of this session.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Anthosy on the 13th instant: •
Remised, That the Senate will consider atthc pres-
ent session no other legislative business than the
