1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
duties (hat belong to it, I do not feel justified,
for one, ill consenting to vote, as we have on
some other questions of a merely political
cliii.rao.ler, at a particular time. At the same
time, ray friend will do me the justice to sup-
pose that I do not wish to talk to his incon-
venience; but my constituents and their
views, as represented by me, have some rights
i>ere as well as my friend's.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish anybody to
govern his vote by any favor toward me in
any thing. I shall run my risk staying here
a nd working this thing out. I propose to sit
here, for one, until we pass this resolution.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest that
it is very desirable that some hour may be
fixed, because many .Senators, considering this
to be the last day probably of the session, have
gone off for half an hour or an hour ; so that
we may be left without a quorum. I think we
might fix four o'clock or five o'clock, provided
the debate had terminated. It may be that
the Senator from Vermont, as he suggests,
may not want to occupy any time.
Mr. WILSON. Say six o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Say five o'clock.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let us say five
o'clock, subject to a postponement of that
hour.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we had better
hear from the acting chairman of the Commit-
tee 011 Foreign Relations what he proposes to
do about executive business.
Mr. HARLAN. There are somethings that
ought to be transacted in executive session
before the final adjournment. I do not wish
to interpose against the wishes of what may
be the majority of the Senate in relation to
the precise question now pending, but an exec-
utive session will be necessary before the final
adjournment.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator say,
" will be rwcessary?"
Mr. HARLAN. Will be necessary; and I
am prepared to make that motion at any time
that may suit the wishes of the majority.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us go on this afternoon
and meet on Monday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the best thing.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then you will
certainly not have a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
we shall have a quorum or not. The Senators
who are here cannot be blamed for the Senate
not having a quorum. When this question
which is now pending was acted upon before
it was acted upon in a full Senate and upon
the yeas and nays ; and this precise proposi-
tion, and upon the precise grounds that are
now proposed, to discharge these witnesses at
the end of the session, was presented to the
Senate, voted upon when all the States were
represented and the Senators were all here,
and defeated by a large majority. The Senate
having then deteimined that it was lawful—•
because with me that question was merely a
matter of principle; I do not care as a mere
question as to these particular persons whether
they stay or not; but it involves a great deal
more than any one question, because it settles
it one way or the other for this body—a very
large majority of the Senate, a majority of the
whole Senate and of all the States, determined
the question one way.
Now, then, when only one half of the Sen-
atois are here, or just a fraction above one
half, and the others have gone away, (and I
do not excuse them for that; they ought to be
here,) it is proposed to reverse that judgment
of the Senate and to set up another final judg-
ment, which will last longer and apply further
tiian to-day or to-morrow, or to these persons
who are confined. I hold that no man is
obliged by any sense of kindness, or any other
thing he would gladly do, by any agreement
of his, to favor a contrivance of that character;
and therefore I shall not consent to any agree-
ment to take this vote. I shall not interpose
objections to its being taken for the sake of
delay. I think all Senators will do me the jus-
tice to say they have not known me to practice
that particular kind of parliamentary tactics;
but if I have anything to say that I think ought
to be said for the sake of its being said, and if
I feel able to say it, which is quite a doubtful
question, then I shall take the liberty to do so.
Mr. WILSON. Itisevidentfrom theremarks
of the Senator from Vermont that no arrange-
ment can be made to take the vote this after-
noon. 1 had hoped thatwe should be permitted
to come to a vote after Jhis long discussion
upon the subject.
Mr. CONKLING. What long discussion?
Mr. WILSON. The one running through
several days. Wehavehad a long debate about
it. I had hoped that we should get a vote to-
day and should be able to finish up our execu-
tive busin«6sand adjourn to-night and go home.
As it is now evident that we cannot make any
arrangement, in an hour or two from this time
when the usual hour of adjournment arrives I
shall propose that we adjourn over until Tues-
day, and that the Sergeant- at- Arms be directed
to send for the members who have left the
Senate and gone home to return here, and by
the latter part of ne'xt week the probabilities
are that we can get the Senate together.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am for that.
Mr. WILSON. I think that is the only thing
we can do in regard to the matter. About
thirty Senators have left us and gone home.
Mr. EDJIUNDS. More than that.
Mr. WILSON. And here we are with a
bare quorum in the body. We cannot agree
to adjourn finally without a quorum. No unan-
imous consents can be made to adjourn here
this summer. If we cannot get a quorum of
the body here, then all that we can do will he
to sit here and keep guard over these prisoners
of ours, and while they dine in marble halls
and on tables covered with white linen and
fare sumptuously every day, we shall be packed
up here in this room taking the heat and burdeu
of the day, and getting the bestdinners we can
at our cheap boarding-houses. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall play Lazarus
to their Dives.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the Senate
does not seem quite agreed upon either of two
points: first, how they shall vote upon this
resolution, and second, when they shall vote.
Upon this last question 1 am quite indifferent.
I am entirely willing the Senate shall come to
a vote at any moment it chooses after 1 have
submitted a few remarks upon the first ques-
tion.
I have something to say as to how the Sen-
ate should vote upon the pending resolution
when they come to act upon it at all. 1 do
not propose to discuss the question of law
which has been presented here so frequently
and so ably, and which involves, as was well
said by the Senator from New York, all cases
of privilege and all eases of contempt. I do
not propose to discuss them. What little I
say will have refereuce to the case now before
the Senate.
I should like, if it were possible, to bring
the Senate and to bring the country to a little
better understanding of what this question
really is than either the Senate or the country
seem to me now to possess. There is no
attempt made here in the Senate to punish a
newspaper for publishing intelligence or to
punish a correspondent for communicating
that intelligence. That has been asserted and
reasserted, here and elsewhere, over and over
again. I want to say once more in the hearing
of the Senate, and once more in the hearing
of the country, that there is no such attempt
as that on foot; nothing like it. We know that
certain newspapers have published that paper
called the treaty between the United States
and Great Britain. We know who communi-
cated that paper to those newspapers. The
individuals avow it. They are within our reach.
They are in our custody. The newspap'ers
themselves are but a little distance from us.
If the Senate thought it could punish those
acts, and desired to punish those acts, the
ground for inflicting that punishment is plain
and manifest before us. We do not want to
put any more questions. We do not want tQ
spend any more time. The groundwork for
proceeding against those individuals, and all
the grounds we can ever have, we have now;
and yet uo motion is made for process against
any of those gentlemen by anybody.
I do not think it a very violent inference,
Mr. President, if we conclude from these few
facts that there is no attempt and uo wish to
punish those individuals for those acts. Then
let all that pretense'be laid out of this debate.
Whoever asserts hereafter on the floor of the
Senate, or outside of the Senate, that this is an
attempt to punish newspapers for their enter-
prise in disseminating intelligence, or to pun-
ish correspondents for furnishing intelligence,
makes that assertion at the hazard of whatever
reputation for veracity he may now have left
to him. It will be a question of veracity here-
after. There is no room for mistake.
And, Mr. President, I want to say one more
thing. This is not an attempt to maintain the
dignity of the Senate. There is no such labor
imposed upon us, thank God! The dignity of
the Senate was measured and fixed in the Con-
stitution which created the Senate. There you
must look to know what is the dignity of the
Senate, and not here. Do hot look here in
order to get an understanding of the dignity
of the Senate of the United States. I say that
dignity was ascertained and was fixed in the
Constitution, and I thank God for that. Why?
Because, however we may behave here or
elsewhere, we cannot destroy or impeach that
dignity. We may act very unlike a Senate;
we may disgrace the character of a Senator or
of Senators; but the Senate will stand just as
the Constitution made it; and by and by the
people of this great country, not the news-
papers exactly, though they will take part in
it, but the forty million people who occupy this
great country, will fill the Senate with men
who know what belongs to the character of
Senators and what belongs to the dignity of
the Senate.
So, then, Mr. President, I dismiss myself
from any effort to defend or maintain the dig-
nity of the Senate.
There is another effort which I think belongs
to us, which we cannot honestly shirk. It is
the duty of maintaining the authority of the
Senate. When the Constitution created this
body it clothed it with certain authority; and
whatever that authority is, it is our business,
not our right merely, it is our duty to defend,
and not to abdicate it. We can do either. All
the authority committed to the Senate was
committed not for its own, but for the public
good. Nevertheless, if it be resisted by one
or many, we may exert or we may surrender it.
When, in 18G1, the authority of law was re-
sisted by a more formidable combination than
that which now defies the Senate, among other
constitutional agencies whose duty it was to
enforce the law there were two brigadier gen-
erals. Each was clothed with the same au-
thority. The one exerted that authority, the
other surrendered it. That was the diflerenee.
And now the law is defied again. It is evi-
dent the Senate may exert its authority, as
Wool did, or it may surrender, like Twiggs.
But the Senate will permit me to remark
that it is not our privilege to surrender, it is
notour right to surrender, and if we do it. we
do it in flagrant disregard of a manifest duty
with which we are charged by the Constitution
of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, what is the authority
in question now? It is the authority to in-
quire, not who published the treaty, not what
correspondent communicated it to the pub-
lishers—all these facts are fully known, hut to
inquire what official, if any, betrayed the treaty
to the correspondents.
There was no difference of opinion in the
