926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Senate as to its authority to institute that in-
quiry. It is already known that the wholeSen-
ate united to set the inquiry on foot. A com-
mittee was unanimously raised. Several wit-
nesses were called before the committee who
severally stated what they knew, but they did
not happen to know who betrayed the treaty.
Finally two witnesses came before the commit-
tee who admitted they knew from whom the
treaty was procured, but they declared they
would not tell. That is the fact we are after.
No one, I repeat, wants to punish the New
York Tribune or the Cincinnati Commercial
for publishing that paper or any other paper
which has got into their columns. No one
wants to punish these witnesses for communi-
cating it. But behind the newspapers and
behind the correspondents there lurks some
one, where I do not know, but there lurks
somewhere the miscreant who has, in utter dis-
regard of a trust reposed in him, communi-
cated that paper to these correspondents.
More than that, sir, we are not at liberty to
shut our eyes nor our judgment to the conclu-
sion that that man, whoever he is or wherever
he is, took money for it. I know the witnesses
did not expressly declare that they paid money;
but, sir, you know, every Senator on this floor
knows, that if they had not paid money they
would have denied it, for they had an oppor-
tunity to deny it. Therefore 1 say we are not
permitted to shut our eyes to the fact that this
fellow, whoever he is or wherever he is, took
money for betraying that paper to these cor-
respondents.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator aware that
the managing editor of the Tribune, Mr. White-
law Reid, testified that the weekly accounts of
the Tribune were not swollen?
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, that is not so; I
beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. SUMNER. That is my recollection of
his testimony.
Mr. HOWE. I take the version of the tes-
timony just as the Senator from Massachusetts
states it to us. What then ? I beg Senators
not to put their understandings in their pockets
to avoid the personal responsibility which rests
upon every one of lis in our action upon this
question. What then? Whitelaw Reid, mani-
festing in that declaration, if he made it, feel-
ing, whether he made that declaration or not,
an interest in rebutting the inference that
money was paid, answers so far as he knows;
and what is his answer? That he does not
iind in the accounts of the establishment, affirm-
ative evidence that money was paid. But here
within his call is a witness, who is in his em-
ploy, who can if he will tell whether' money
was paid or not, and whose salary Mr. Reid
doubles to prevent his telling.
Mr. STEWART. Answering that question
would not have criminated anybody, and he
refuses to answer.
Mr. HOWE. No, answering the question
would not criminate the witness. There is
nothing in the world to prevent him answering
except his disposition to answer. Clothe him
with that, and he will answer; and Whitelaw
Reid could clothe him with that disposition
just by the motion of his finger, if he pleased.
So, Mr. President, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts must not shut his eyes, nor you nor I
shut ours, to the conclusion that the treaty was
bunded over to the witnesses, and money was
received as the equivalent for it, and whoever
did that deed is in the employ of the Govern-
ment. That is the man your committee has
been trying to uncover, and I beg leave to say
to myhonorable friends on this floor thatevery
day they have spent here and every word they
have uttered to embarrass or to check this
investigation have not been in the interest of
the New York Tribune, have not been in the
interest of its correspondents, have not been
in the interests of the press, but the whole of
it has been expended (o cover up the mail who
took—my friend [Mr. Wilson] shakes his head
to that conclusion—yes, the whole of it has
been done to cover up that man who took cash
for the betrayal of official trust. I do not say
that such is the motive of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts; but I say such is the effect, the
result of his effort. The only thing concealed
is the name of that man who sold the treaty to
the witnesses, and when they answer, accord-
ing to the order of the Senate, that is the only
thing we shall know that we do not know to-
day. That would be the only truth uncovered.
So the only result of all this expenditure of
learning and eloqueoce is to conceal from the
country the name of that officer who sells con-
fidence for cash.
Well now, sir, I am so constituted as to
believe that the people have a right to know
that man's name, to know what place he fills,
what trust he still holds, what opportunities
he yet has to betray his country and its inter-
ests. I think the public have an interest in
knowing that. Therefore I want the investi-
gation to continue. It will harm nobody but
that individual, and I am not solicitous about
his welfare. I do not feel especially tender of
him.
Now, why should the witnesses not answer?
It was said by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] this morning that he was very much
interested in setting this investigation on foot
and prosecuting it until he found that the Sen-
ate was substantially exonerated by the testi-
mony already adduced, and when he had
come to that conclusion he lost all interest in
the investigation. To that I have two answers
to make: first, that the public will not be sat-
isfied simply by the assurance that the treaty
was not sold by a Senator. I did not expect
any one of us would be caught in the transac-
tion when the investigation was entered upon.
I thought then, what I think now, that the
paper did not go to the public without a breach
of confidence on the part of somebody engaged
in the public service, and the people want to
know him, let him hold what position he may.
It may be a little more important to get a
rascal out of the Senate than to get him out of
a subordinate position, but it is important to get
him out of all positions; so that my interest
will continue even when I know that no Sen-
ator and no official of the Senate is connected
with this transaction or implicated by it. But
I musUadd my testimony to the testimony of
the Senator from New York [Mr. Conkxing]
given here this afternoon, when I say that the
Senate is not yet exonerated. Why do I say
so? First, because the investigation is not
complete ; second, because we know that some-
body let that treaty out, and I defy any intel-
ligence on this floor or off it to say that the
exoneration is more complete of the Senate
and of its officers than it is of everybody else
connected with the Government. The evidence
is quite as conclusive that the treaty was not
betrayed at the State Department or the Print-
ing Office as it is that it was not betrayed by
the Senate. But it is evident that the Senate
cannot be exonerated, and there cannot be
anybody exonerated, and for the reasons urged
so cogently by the Senator from New York
this afternoon, until we know who is implicated.
We cannot know who is innocent till we know
who is guilty, and why? Until these witnesses
tell us from whom they received the paper it
is impossible for us to know who imparted it ;
we cannot trace it back. That is the difficulty.
We have got to trace the paper back. It is
very easy for the witnesses to testify that they
did not receive the treaty from a Senate official,
but until they reveal the party from whom they
did receive it we cannot know that that party
did not obtain it through the Senate.
There is another reason why I think we are
authorized to conclude that the Senate is not
exonerated by the answers of these witnesses ;
and that is, that the other day, in spite of their
testimony, we saw here the honorable Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] we saw here the
honorable Senator from New York, [Mr. Fen-
to>t,] we saw here, if I remember aright, the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] one after the other rising—I am not
sure that the Senator from Massachusetts took
part on that occasion  
Mr. SUMNER. I did.
Mr. HOWE. We saw them, one after the
other, rising here in their places to read argu-
ments and letters or make speeches to show
that they were not guilty. But if the wit-
nesses had exonerated them, what need was
there that they exonerate themselves? Mr.
President do not let me be misunderstood. Do
not let any man infer that I think either of
these Senators was called upon to make that
effort at that time. I am quite satisfied that
they were not guilty, not because the witnesses
exculpate them, but because their characters
place them above the need of exculpation. On
the contrary, I must be allowed to say, I was
profoundly sorry that either of those Senators
felt called upon to utter a word in his own
defense. I was profoundly sorry that either
of them should mistake the office of a Senator
so far as to plead in his own defense here on
this floor, instead of appealing to the authority
of the Senate to compel a contumacious wit-
ness to utter that easy word which would place
them and place us all beyond the need of
defense.
So, Mr. President, I cannot conclude that
the Senate and its officers are so completely
exonerated as it is their privilege to be, and
as they may be if they will exert the authority
which the Constitution has intrusted to them.
But, Mr. President, what other reason is
urged why these witnesses should not answer?
What reason do they urge themselves? They
were called to the bar of the Senate, and they
presented their objections to answering these
inquiries. What were they? That they could
not answer those questions without compro-
mising their professional character. They told
us that they held themselves as maintaining
some such relation with the men who sold
them that treaty as the lawyer holds with his
client, as the priest holds with his penitent.
That was their reason for refusing to disclose
the name of the treaty broker. Is it necessary
for me to tell the Senate or to tell the wit-
nesses that they are mistaken as to the rela-
tion existing between them and their factor
of whom they bought the treaty; that there
are no such relations and can be no such rela-
tions between such parties as those which are
tolerated between the attorney and his client,
or those which exist between the confessor
and the penitent kneeling before him ? When
I go to you, Mr. President, [Mr. Casserly in
the chair,] and retain you in my defense, the
law knows it to be so important to my rights
as a defendant that you shall know the whole
truth of the accusation against me, as that it
allows me to impart that truth to you in the
confidence of that employment, and excuses
you from divulging that narration to the court.
But, sir, it is only what I confide to you, and
not what you see me do, that the law permits
you to withhold from testimony. If you see
me commit an offense, I cannot shut your
mouth against the revelation of it by putting
money in your pocket and employing you as
my attorney. What we want of these wit-
nesses is, not that they shall tell what the
unknown treaty broker told them, but what
they saw done.
But whatever the witnesses may think of their
obligations to the man who sold them the treaty,
what will they say of their obligations to the
United States? Whatever they may think of
their duties as correspondents of a newppaper,
what do they think of their duties as citizens ?
Have all their obligations to their country been
merged in and subordinated to their duties to the
treaty broker ? I know any one of us can trans-
fer the allegiance he owes to the United States,
but it is only by leaving this country ; but stand-
ing here on this soil, within this jurisdiction,
we cannot be absolved from our allegiance to
the United States nor assume an allegiance to
