1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
any other Power, least of all assume an alle-
giance to men who in the employ of the Gov-
ernment barter for money the trusts that are
reposed in their hands. Allegiance cannot be
transferred in that way, and no such allegiance
can be assumed in any way.
Mr. President, I have heard it said that these
witnesses promised they would not divulge the
name of the party who communicated the treaty
to them and that they cannot speak now with-
out violating that promise. I think there is no
such evidence in the case. I am not sure but
that one of the witnesses did say that he made
that promise.
Mr. CONKLING. No; he declined to say
whether he had or not.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is more familiar
with the testimony than I am. I was inclined
to think that one of the witnesses did say that
he had made such a promise, and that the
other would not say whether he had made any
or not. But admit that both made the prom-
ise and that they plead it here. "We are men
of truth; we promised this fellow when we met
him in some dark alley and took the paper from
him and paid him his money, we promised him
we would not reveal his name. Now you must
not make us breakthat promise." Is that the
only promise that these witnesses have made?
They were called before your committee. Did
they not make any promise there? Did they
not stand before that, committee, did they not
stand before God, and did they not in the pres-
ence of that God and before that committee
take a solemn oath that they would tell " the
whole truth?" What has become of that prom-
ise? What has become of the obligation of
that promise? Ts that the only idle one they
ever made? Are they going to preserve their
honor by keeping thatprotnise which they made
in the dark to somebody we do not know, and
yet trample upon the obligations of that solemn
oath they took in the name of the law and
before the law?
But, Mr. President, such promises as those
are not respected in the forums of law or in
the forum of conscience. We cannot release
ourselves from the obligation to speak truth
simply by promising not to speak it. If we
could any reluctant witness might disqualify
himself from testifying by promising not to
testify.
So I conclude that these witnesses, as men
of honor, are bound to regard the obligations
of their oath and not thfe obligations of that
promise, if they made any ; and they are bound
to regard their duties to the country, and not
their duties to this unknown broker in official
trusts.
Now, sir, I have heard one very plausible
argument urged in support of this resolution.
There are those on this floor whose opiuions
are entitled to very great respect, and for
whose opinions I have the utmost respect,
able lawyers, who tell you that your authority
to imprison ends under the law when you
adjourn without day. If that were clearly so,
I should not vote for the resolution, nor would !
my friend irom Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
offer such a resolution, and why? Because it
being plainly the duty of the Sergeant at Arms
to discharge these men when we go home he
would do it, and we would no more think of
passing a resolution instructing him to dis-
charge that plain duty than we should of
passing a resolution to instruct him to nut out
the fires in the furnaces down stairs. If it is
not his duty at all then it is no leason for vot-
ing for the resolution. If it is a doubtful
question, as I suppose the Senator will admit
in justification of his own resolution that it is,
I appeal to him as a law-abiding citizen if he
had not better leave this question to be settled
by the judicial tribunals rather than seek to
settle it by this tribunal. His colleague, the
other Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] tells us that we have only very limited
judicial powers, wehave not judicial authority
enough to be trusted with the jurisdiction of
a justice of the peace. Had we better assume
jurisdiction of this great constitutional ques-
tion which lies at the foundation of the body
itself? Had we not better let that remain to
be settled by the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try if it is doubtful? It seems to me so.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question right there ?
Mr. IIOWB. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN; Is the Senator quite cer-
tain that a court will look into this matter at
all? The Senate having committed these par-
ties as guilty of a contempt, which is a fact
found by the Senate, and which it was withiu
our jurisdiction to find, and their imprisonment
being in the execution of a sentence that they
shall be imprisoned, is he quite certain that a
court will look into that matter at all? A writ
of habeas corpus is not a writ of error, as the
Senator well knows. I admit there have been
contradictory decisions on that question, but
does he know how this court here will decide ?
But, further, is he willing that the rights and
powers of the Senate of the United States
shall rest on the decision of some little judge
in the District of Columbia, and follow his
decision forever?
Mr. HOWE. Those are pertinent questions.
I think I can answer both of them with a very
few words.
" First, am I quite sure that the courts would
consider this question? I answer that I am
entirely satisfied, I have not the shadow of
a doubt but what if we adjourn and leave
these parties in custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, and he retains them in custody, and
they sue out a writ of habeas corpus return-
able before any judge having jurisdiction to
hear that writ; I am just as sure as I am that
the court continues to exist that it will hear
and will determine that question rightly or
wrongly, I do not know which. I certainly
cannot foreknow whether they will determine
it one way or the other. But if they determ-
ine it right or wrong it may be reheard in any
other tribunal which has appellate jurisdiction,
and so may reach the highest judicial tribunal
which can rehear causes heard before the one
in which the writ was originally returned. So
I answer my friend from Ohio that I am dead
sure the court will hear and determine that
question, they must, and pronounce judgment
upon it one way or the other. But if I am
to take as part of the question the sugges-
tion of the honorable Senator that the courts
may say the order of commitment was made
by a tribunal having jurisdiction, and therefore
they will not go behind that order, why that
determines the whole question ; that just pre-
scribes what their judgment should be.
But the Senator asks me if I am willing to
have our powers judged and measured by any
little district court that may sit here in the
District of Columbia. I am not exactly will-
ing to have it measured by such a tribunal as
that, and it will not be, but measured in this
regard by the judicial tribunals of the country;
willing or not willing, it will be, and I cannot
help myself nor can my friend, because if we
do commit any fellow-citizen of ours, or any
man within our jurisdiction to custody, ille-
gally in the judgment of the judicial tribunals,
they will discharge him, whether it suits us or
not. So it is not worth while to debate about
that.
Mr. THURMAN. I think if the Senator
will look into the statutes he will find no mode
whatever by which the question, if taken on
habeas corpus before a judge of this District,
can be taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States on the application of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HOWE. That may be so, and I am
inclined to think it is, so. It simply follows
that the judgment of the District court would
be final on the return That is all. The idea
ought to have occurred to me, but it did not,
until suggested by my friend from New York,
[Mr. Oonkling.] that if it were not so, that
the courts would take jurisdiction of this ques-
tion, where did you get all the authorities
which have been paraded here? Have not
those authorities been furnished to you in
cases in which the courts have taken jurisdic-
tion?
Mr. THURMAN. No. I will state to the
Senator this: I do not say that a court would
not have jurisdiction in habeas corpus after the
adjournment of this session. If the law is as
contended for by my colleague, then I do think
the court might discharge on a habeas corpus.
Nothing is clearer than that the court would
have no right to discharge these witnesses this
day while we are in session, because they have
been committed by a body having jurisdiction
to commit them, and that is in execution of
the sentence for their contempt; not as pun-
ishment, I admit, but a judgment which finds
that they are guilty of contempt and that sub-
jects them to this imprisonment until they
have purged themselves of their contempt; and
one of the best-considered cases, Maulsby's
case, was decided by the chief justice of the
court of appeals of Maryland on precisely that
question. There Maulsby, one of the most
distinguished lawyers of Maryland, was com-
mitted until he should appear before the grand
jury and produce certain papers to the grand
jury.' The chief justice of the court of ap-
peals of Maryland held that that was a sentence
which no court could inquire into on habeas
corpus, and that for the very plain reason that
a writ of habeas corpus is not a writ of error;
but the judge discharged him in that case on
another ground. He was to continue in cus-
tody until he purged himself of contempt by
appearing before the grand jury and producing
the papers he had been required to produce.
After that the court discharged the grand jury
and adjourned, so that it was impossible for
him to purge himself of the contempt; it be-
came an utter impossibility, and the chief jus-
tice said, "That being the case, we do not under-
take to inquire whether the sentence was right
or wrong, but owing to a subsequent event hi3
imprisonment has become illegal, and we dis-
charge him." But now, when you continue a
committee in existence with power to receive
the answer, then, I submit to the Senator
whether it is quite clear that a court will dis-
charge the witness.
Mr. HOWE. No, sir; I have not the slight-
est idea that the court will discharge in that
case. Why? Because I do not agree with the
Senator's colleague that the imprisonment
would be illegal. If we do not order the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to discharge these men, or if
we do, if they are found in the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms after we have left here, aud
they see fit to appeal to the judicial tribunals
to inquire into the legality of that restraint,
that confinement to which they are then sub-
jected, the court will say that that restraint is
illegal, unless the court find that they are com-
mitted by the order of a tribunal which had
authority to commit and committed for a t(-> 'u
which has not then expired. If they find th-.c
the order of commitment issued from a tri-
bunal which had no authority to commit, or
that the term for which the tribunal could com-
mit has expired, in either case the court will
unquestionably order their discharge. The
Senator from Ohio does not doubt either of
these propositions. They cover the whole
case.
Mr. President, I was remonstrating against
my friends here, my conservative friends like
the Senator from Massachusetts on my right,
[Mr. Wilson,] assuming jurisdiction ot this
great constitutional question, because they
admit it is doubtful. I say let it go to the
judicial tribunals which can settle it. Upon
the question how that court will decide I have
a single remark to make.
Mr. President, whatever the Constitution
does or does notsay, this question arises upon
it: have we authority to swear witnesses be-
fore ourselves or before a committee ? We
