1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I now renew the motion,
if it is not deemed pending, that at half past
five o'clock the Piesiding Officer of the Senate
adjourn it sin,'', die,.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves that at half past five
o'clock the Presiding Officer of the Senate
declare it adjourned sine die.
Mr. THURMAN. That is debatable, I
think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I submit
that the Senate ought not to adjourn at half
past five o'clock; that it has more than two
minutes' work to do, and that it ought to do
that work; that it cannot do it in two minutes ;
that the country has a right to know some
things that it yet does not know in an official
way; that Senators have a right also to be
freed from certain obligations that would other-
wise rest upon them.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (in his seat.) That is not
in order.
Mr. TllURMAN. How?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not mean to inter-
rupt the Senator; but I say that is not in
oider.
Mr. THURMAN. Do you make the point
of order ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir ; I do.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. I ask the
Chair to decide it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Vermont will state his point of
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point of order is, that
the Senator is not authorized under the rules
to discuss or to refer in open session to the fact
that there is any injunction of secrecy about
any proceeding whatever.
Mr. THURMAN. I insist that my words,
which are said to be out of order, be taken
down. I have a right to that, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be taken down. The reporter will read the
words objected to as out of order.
[The reporter for the Globe read from his
short-hand notes the last remarks of Mr.
Thurman down to the point at which he was
called to order by Mr. Edmunds.]
Mr. THURMAN. The Chair must decide
whether those remarks were out of order or
not.
The PRESIDENT tempore. The Chair
does not think the words objected to are out
of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to propose
a compromise to the Senator. He says, and
the Chair thinks he is in order in saying, that
the country is ignorant of a great many things
which it ought to know. I do not know of
anybody so competent as the Senator to inform
the country of them, and I propose that he
give way to allow the vote to be taken, and
then proceed at his leisure to inform the coun-
try of all those things he thinks it ought to
know.
Mr.THURMAN. Idid nothearthe Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. I say the Senator being
more competent than any other to inform the
country of all the things of which it is in igno-
rance and which it ought to know, I ask him
if he will not yield long enough to allow the
vote to be taken, and then he can proceed to
inform the country at his own convenience of
all the things of which it is ignorant and which
it ought to know.
Mr. THURMAN. T should like to know
whether it is half past five o'clock now ?
Mr. WILSON. It is half a minute over.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. In respect
to informing the country, if the Senate will not
let me inform the country, if the Senate will
not remove any injunction of secrecy, if the
Senate will not make public what I think ought
to be known, then I cannot inform the coun-
try, and that is exactly what I complain of,
that my mouth is to be gagged while all the
rest of the country, relying upon publications
in newspapers, can talk as much as they please.
But now 1 am ready to hear another motion to
adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. Is my motion pending?
If it is not, I renew it, extending the time five
minutes.
Mr. NYE. Say one minute.
Mr. CONKLING. One minute, then. I
move that the Presiding Officer of this body do
now declare it adjourned sine die. [''Ques-
tion!" "Question 1"]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Onthatlaskforadivision.
[" No!" "No!"]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York moves that the Presid-
ing Officer of the Senate do now declare the
Senate adjourned sine die.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In pursu-
ance of the order of the Senate, and thanking
you, Senators, for the resolution which has just
been passed, and wishing you a pleasant return
to your families and friends, I pronounce the
Senate adjourned without day.
