1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I with-
draw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have it reported
as it now stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been reported.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. I move to add this amendment: "and
bills concerning the income tax."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to amend the amendment by
adding "and also propositions relative to the
income tax."
Mr. CASSERLY. "Bills for the repeal of
the income tax."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from California.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and naya were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am in favor of
repealing the income tax, and I shall vote
for this amendment to the amendment. I am
in favor of modifying the duty on salt, and of
modifying or repealing the duty on coal ; but
I do not think this is the proper time to vote
on those questions, and when we come to vote
on the amendment as it may be amended I
shall vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 27, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Buck-
ingham, Caldwoll, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland,
Kelly, Lewis, Pool, B-ice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Scott, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurinnn,
Vickers, and West—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Cooper. Cragin,
Perry of Michigan. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman. Cameron, Carpenter,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,
Schurz, Sprague, and Sumner—15.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate being
equally divided, the Chair votes in the nega-
tive ; and the amendment to the amendment
is disagreed to. The question recurs on agree-
ing to the amendment as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not know that this
resolution will exclude Senate resolutions;
but I think it ought to be understood, and per-
haps more safely it should be expressed by an
amendment that Senate resolutions requiring
the action of this body only, may be acted
upon during the remainder of the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question now is on
my amendment as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that the
language of the resolution would not exclude
the consideration of Senate resolutions. It
says " no other legislative business." ,'."Legis-
lative business " requires the concurrence of
both branches as an act of the Legislature,
fehich is the Senate and House of Representa-
tives. Senate resolutions are not included in
the resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. Itmightbe inconvenient
to shut out Seuate resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion
of the Chair, as at present advised, this resolu-
tion, if agreed to, would not shut out resolu-
tions to be agreed to by the Senate without the
concurrence of the other House, and perhaps
not those that go to the other H juse for print-
ing extra copies of reports. The Chair thinks
that those are not to be considered legisla-
tive propositions, as they are not sent to the
President of the United States. The question
now recurs ou the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois asamended, and the Senator from
New York [Mr. Coukling] desired it to be
reported. It will be read.
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 15.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
amended as follows:
And also bills from the Houso of Representatives
repealing the duty on coal, salt, and tea and coffee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment. I think they were
ordered once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were or-
dered some time since on the original amend-
ment. The Secretary will call the roll on the
question of agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. HILL. I refrain from voting on this
proposition because some may think I am
precluded by my, participation in the caucus
on the general resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 32; as follojvs:
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock,
Johnston. Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Patterson, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Tharman. Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson, and Win-
dom—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Forry of Michigan, Prelinghuysen. Hamil-
ton of Maryland. Hamlin. Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Osborn, Pool. Pratt, Itamsey, Kice, Saw-
yer, Seott, Sherman, Stewart, Vickers, West, and
Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs, Carpenter, Corbett, Edmunds,
Perry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbort, Harlan,
Hill, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pomeroy, Spen-
cer, and Sprague—14.
So theamendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I move this amendment, to
come in at the end of the resolution:
And also Senate bill No. 99, to secure the equal
rights of all, supplementary to the civil rights act.
I hope there will be no objection to that.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator having said
that he thinks there can be no objection, I sup-
pose it is not out of order for me to say that
my objection is that I am bound in honor by
a conclusion come to by a majority of this
body, and I adhere to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. I move to except
from the exceptions in the resolution the bill
"to promote the collection of internal rev-
enue;" that the Senate be at liberty to con-
sider that. After the words "United States"
I move to insert "a bill to promote the collec-
tion of internal revenue." I simply wish to
state, if by common consent I can be allowed
to do so 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey desires permission, by unanimous
consent, to state the object of this exception.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. The Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue assures me that
without the aid of this bill there will be a loss
to the Government during the year of from
fifteen to twenty million dollars. The sole
object of the bill is to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to appoint an internal revenue
police force to enable the Government to col-
lect the revenue of the country. In one State
some three of the collectors and deputy col-
lectors have been killed. In another State they
have word that they must leave the State. It
is not necessary that I should make any state-
ment as to what part of the country this resist-
ance to the collection of the revenue is. It ia
not confined exclusively to the West or South,
but is also at the North ; and I hope that this
bill may be excepted from that provision of
the resolution which excludes legislation.
Mr. THURMAN. We have heard again
and again of 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
remind the Senator from Ohio of the agreement.
TheSenatorfrom New Jersey asked unanimous
consent to submit his remarks.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorcan
speak if he chooses. As has often been stated
from the Chair, the Chair does not enforce
these agreements; they are left to the action
of Senators themselves.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Ohio asks unanimous consent to submit some
remarks on this proposition. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall not be longer
than the Senator from New Jersey was. We
have heard again and again of a decree of a
caucus which has had such potent effect that
Senators do not wish to oppose it for fear they
may be offending the decree of the caucus, that
being a paramount law, higher than the Con-
stitution, higher than the obligations that rest
upon Senators to discharge their duties in this
Chamber. I have gathered from those re-
marks that we have already done all that the
caucus demands, and that by the decrees of
the caucus we are to do nothing more; and I
submit to the Senator from New Jersey whether
he is not breaking the decree of the caucus in
offering this amendment.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. I would state to
the Senator from Ohio that if there is any
disorganization in the Republican party it is
not yet so disorganized as to need to.be in-
structed from that side of the House; and I
hope my friend will vote for this provision. I
think that Democrats and Republicans and
revenue reformers can all agree in voting for
the collection of the revenue. I do not think
there can be any constitutional objection, if we
are to remain a Government, that we shall have
the power to collect the revenue and not lose
this year $20,000,000. I hope that this amend-
ment may be unanimously voted for.
Mr. BLAIR. There is no constitutional
objection, or caucus objection either, on this
side of the House.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
again reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend by
adding "and the House bill to abolish the
duty on salt."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
say a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois desires unanimous consent to submit
remarks. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. LOGAN. What I propose to say I rise
not to utter in defense of any action of my
own, because I never make any defense of
my votes on any question ; but several times
allusion has been made to gentlemen being
bound in honor to do certain things here, and
some of the very gentlemen who are in the
habit of alluding to that are those who are first
to violate it. I have not beeh bound by any
caucus or any agreement in reference to any
vote that I have given here this morning. I
have voted as my conscience dictated to me
that 1 should vote. But if the resolution that
has been agreed to is binding on the con-
sciences of Senators here to-day, this propo- •
sition is a violation of it, and it is proposed,
too, by one of the Senators who seem to be
sticklers for the moral obligation that is said
to be binding on us.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. Will the Sen-
ator allow me one minute?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. I have made no
allusion to any violation of any moral obli-
gation.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at this time.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. And at no other
time.
