226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the Senator
will permit me I will say this: I supposed that
a proposition which is really so interesting to
the Government might be adopted by unani-
mous consent, no matter what might be the
honorary obligations of gentlemen. If we are
informed by the Government that we shall
lose $20,000,000 this year unleas we adopt a
certain enactment, I do not suppose that hon-
orary obligations should interfere with the dis-
charge of our duty ; but I deny that I have
made any criticism upon any gentleman now
or at any time.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don then ; it was done by Senators, and I
really was mistaken in reference to the Sena-
tor who did it; and I beg the gentleman's
pardon.
I am as ready to protect the revenues of the
Government as any Senator on this floor. I
make no opposition, nor will I make any, to
the offering of this amendment; but I merely
say, as I did before, that to offer it is a viola-
tion of the agreement which has been alluded
to, if there is such an agreement in existence.
I am ready to violate it for this purpose; and
every time a proposition is offered here that is
correct in my judgment, I do not consider
myself bound by any obligation that gentlemen
may attempt to impose upon me to vote against
•what I think is right when it comes before the
Senate.
Senators may have considered themselves
under obligation to vote against including in
the exceptive clause of this resolution the coal
bill which was up a moment ago. I did not.
I shall vote for it again as moved by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, as I understand. The con-
stituency that I represent are as much inter-
.ested in that bill as the constituency of any Sen-
ator on this floor are interested in other bills.
I live iu a State almost entirely prairie, where
almost every family use coal for their fuel;
■where each and every man, when he pours his
basket of coal on his fire, condemns the tax
that he has to pay for the warming of his fam-
ily. I do not consider that vote a violation of
any obligation of honor on my part or on the
part of any Senator. I voted as I did, and I
shall continue to do so while I remain a Sen-
ator in this body, representing an independ-
ent constituency. I will have no fetters upon
me that shall bind either my mind or my con-
science, but I shall act as an .independent
Senator, representing an independent constit-
uency.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
object to any further debate.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the objection now,
before any other Senator gets the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators, there-
fore, must obey the agreement, unless they see
fit themselves to disregard it. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thurman] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Frelinghuysex.]
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope this
amendment will not be loaded down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
■ to the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Trumbull,'and Windom—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman.Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole. Conkliug, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy.Pool,
Pratt, Rice. Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Tip-
ton. West. Wilson, and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Corbett, Davis of
West. Virginia, Edmunds,Ferry of Connecticut.inan-
agan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Sciiurz, bpenoer,
Sprague, and Viekers—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend that amend-
ment by adding the words "and the House
bill repealing the duty on coaland I ask
for the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered: and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 26: as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly,
Logan, Robertson, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman. Tipton. Trumbull, and
Windom—24. .
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler. Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton
of Maryland, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Scott,
Sherman, Stewart, Viekers, West, Wilson, and
Wright—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds. Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut. Flanagan. Gilbert. Hamlin, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Schurz, Spencer,
and Sprague—19.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. TIPTON. I move to amend by saving
from the exclusion of the resolution Senate
bill No. 23, to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska moves to amend the amendment by
adding the bill the title of which he has read
to the Senate. The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 27 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Harlan, Kelly, Logan, ltice, Sauls-
bury, Stevenson. Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Viekers, Wilson, and Windom—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Frelirjghuysen, Gilbert.
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Lewis, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Seott,
Sherman, Stewart, West, and Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carpenter, Corbett, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, and
Sprague—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I now desire to offer an
amendment which is germane to the subject,
and is not intended to incumber the pending
amendment; that is the amendment which I
offered originally to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sheerman,] to except the
removal of disabilities bill referred to in that
former amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator
from South Carolina moves to amend the pend-
ing amendment of the Senator from New Jer-
sey by adding to it the words 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I trust the Sen-
ator will not embarrasa thi3 question by that.
Let this be voted upon first. We have not yet
taken a vote on the amendment which I offered.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to the
question being put in that form.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey whether the bill which
he asks to have excepted has ever been before
any committee of thisbody or the other House,
or reported upon?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This is not vot-
ing upon the bill; this is only excepting a sub-
ject of legislation from the operation of this
resolution ; that is all. I can simply say, in
answer to the Senator from Pennsylvania, that
the bill has been seen by some three or four
members of the Judiciary Committee, and I
think that there is no objection made to it. But
we are not considering the bill now; we are
only saving the subject so that it shall not be
excluded from future consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects to further debate.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the prop-
osition pending by excepting the subject of
amnesty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
South Carolina moved that amendment, but
withdrew it, desiring it to stand independently
of this proposition. Does the Senator from
Georgia move to amend this amendment?
Mr. HILL. Well, sir, I will withdraw it
until this amendment is acted upon.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that it will
be in order to offer any further amendments to
the main resolution after this amendment of
the Senator from New Jersey is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. CASSERLY. If it be in order, I ask to
have the bill of the Senator from New Jersey
read. I understand 
Mr. SHERMAN. That is in the nature of
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the reading of a bill would be in the nature of
debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. How can we vote on a
proposition to include that bill unless we know
what it is, I submit to the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reply to the Senator from California that if he
be correct on this proposition all the bills
pending now in the various committees of the
body might be read at the request of any Sen-
ator, which would certainly defeat the inten-
tion of the Senate to have action by a direct
vote on the resolution and the amendments
thereto.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
California will allow me, I will suggest that
this is not passing upon my bill; it is merely
excepting from the operation of this resolution
a bill on the suhject of the revenue. Now, I
am ready to vote to except everything from
the operation of it. That is all 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have objected to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects to debate. The Chair must again
remind Senators that the understanding they
have agreed to among themselves is to be car-
ried out by themselves. The Chair does nothing
but suggest it when the point of order is made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it it not in viola-
tion of the understanding at all to answer a
question that is asked or suggested by the Sen-
ator from California, and more time is taken
by the Senator from Ohio in these calls to
or der than would be consumed in replying to
the question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I conceive it to be always
competent for a Senator to address a question
to the Chair and to ask to have something done
or not done. That is not debate. An inquiry
of that sort between the President of the Sen-
ate and a member of the body is not debate. I
do not think a Senator should insist, under the
circumstances, upon shutting the mouth of
everybody who rises to ask a question on the
ground that there has been an agreement not
to have debate. I have not debated anything;
I asked to have a bill read which is presented
here as an important bill to the Government,
which I understand is not a bill that deserves
the eulogium which the Senator from New
Jersey has passed upon it. That is all I have
to say.
