1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, is a speech
in order now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated several times that Senators must judge
for themselves as to the propriety of enforcing
the understanding made by themselves. It has
been ruled repeatedly that the Chair does not
in this body enforce such an understanding.
The Chair has the text of the understanding
before him, and will read it to the Senate at
any time they may desire to hear it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I beg to make
a suggestion as to the order of business, not to
argue at all. I say it is the right of the Sen-
ate to understand, and to have stated by the
Chair or read by the Clerk distinctly, every prop-
osition on which it is called to vote, and that
the Senate cannot have that information now
unless the bill which the honorable Senator
from New Jersey wishes to present is read to
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
The amendment was rejeoted.
Mr. SAWYER. I now renew my amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
add to the resolution—
And the bill to relieve all persons engaged In the
rebellion from the disability imposed by the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, with certain
exceptions.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have the bill here,
and send it to the desk to be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it would be in the nature of debate to have the
bill read. The bills are all on the files, and
the reading of them would occupy the time of
the Senate, when every Senator can turn to
his files and read them. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays 011 that. It relates to
this very subject.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. On this question I
am paired with the Senator from Missouri,
Mr. Schurz. lie, if here, would vote for the
amendment, and I should vote against it.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Piesident, I consider this
measure equal in importance to any other one
before the Senate, and I shall vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky. Davis of West Virginia, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Tliurman. Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, and Wil-
son—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames,Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron. Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuyscn, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin. Itarian, Howe, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patter-
eon, Pratt, Ramsey. Rice. Seott, Sherman, Sumner,
Windom,and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Carpenter, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Pomeroy, Pool, Schurz, Sprague, Stewart, and
West—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer the following
amendment, to be inserted at the end of the
resolution :
And all bills and joint or concurrent resolutions
which may be sent to the Senate for its action by the
House of Representatives, and which are of a gen-
eral nature.
I ask for the yeas and nays on this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 33 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Johnston. Kelly, Saulsbury,
Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and
Trumbull—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Davis
of West Virginia, Kenton, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
lmghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hitohcoek, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey. Rice, Saw-
yer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Viekers, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Wright—88.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Carpenter,
CdSBett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Howe. Kel-
logg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Pome-
roy, Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, and
W est—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further amendment the question will be on
agreeing to the resolution as amended. It
will be reported by the Secretary as it now
stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the pres-
ent session no other legislative business than the
deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent reso-
lution for a joint committee of investigation into
the condition of the States lately in insurrection,
and the resolution now pending instructing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that
will enable tbe President and the courts of the Uni-
tod States to execute the laws in said States, and
the report that may be made by the Committee on
the Judiciary on that subject.
Mr.MORRILL, of Vermont. Afterthe words
"no other legislative business" I move to insert
" and in the order named." ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. CONKLING. Whatis the order named;
first, the deficiency bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be again reported.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING rose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is
any objection I withdraw the amendment. I
did not suppose there would be any objection
to it. ["There is."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is withdrawn. The question is on agreeing to
the resolution as amended.
Mr. BLAIR and Mr. CASSERLY asked for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely wish to say
that if this resolution is adopted in this shape
we never can adjourn. If we adhere to it
we cannot even consider a joint resolution to
adjourn.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, (when his name was
called.) I am paiied with the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Sciiurz] on this question. If
here he would vote against the resolution, and
1 should vote for it.
The result was announced—yeas 3G, nays
18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony,Boreman, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuyscn,
Gilbert. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hailan. Hitch-
cock, Howe. Lewis. Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, West,
Wilson, and Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Johnston. Kelly, Saulsbury, Ste-
venson. Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Viekers, and Windom—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Carpenter, Cor-
bett, Edmunds. Perry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Hill, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Rice,
Robertson, Schurz, and Sprague—15.
So the resolution was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps, as the
resolution just agreed to relates to the order
of business for this session, Senators will desire
to have it printed for convenience of reference.
["Certainly."] If no objection be made an
order for the printing of the resolution will be
entered.
protection op life, etc., at the sotjtii.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed now to the consideration of the reso-
lution offered by me, on which the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] is entitled
to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair believes
it was the understanding yesterday that the
Senator from Pennsylvania was to follow with
his speech on the resolution of the Senator
from Ohio as soon as the other matter was
disposed of. The resolution of the Senator
from Ohio is before the Senate. The Cbair
understands the Senator from Ohio desirea to
offer his resolution as now printed in a modi-
fied form.
Mr. SHERMAN. The printed form is
before us.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Sherman as modified, as follows:
Mesolved, That as organized bands of lawless and
desperate men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oaths and secret obligations, are proven
to exist in the State of North Carolina, and have,
by force, terror, and violence, defied civil authority
in that State, and by organized perjury have ren-
dered the courts powerless to punish the crimes they
have committed, thus overthrowing the safety of
person and property, and the rights which are the
primary basis of civil government, and which ore
guarantied by the Constitution of the United States
to all its citizens; and as there is good reason to
believe that similar organizations exist, and have
produced similar results in many parts of the late
insurrectionary States: therefore, the Judiciary
Committee is instructed to report a bill or bills to
enable the President and the courts of the United
States to execute the laws, punish and prevent such
organized violence, and secure to all citizens the
rights so guarantied to them.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me to
move an amendment before he proceeds?
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to amend by saying
that Governor Holden of North Carolina has
been impeached and convicted by the consent
of both parties in the State. That removes a
great deal of the difficulty so far as that is con-
cerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to offer this as an amendment ?
Mr. BLAIR. I will not insist on it as aa
amendment to the resolution.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I yielded to
the Senator from Missouri for the purpose, as
I supposed, of offering an amendment to the
resolution. I am obliged to him for commun-
icating the information which lie has given to
me, for I shall have occasion to use it in the
course of the remarks that I shall make. It
has an important bearing upon the serious
question that is now to be presented to the
Senate.
Mr. SCOTT proceeded to address the Sen-
ate on the resolution, and having spoken for
some time without concluding, said: The
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Pool.] sug-
gests to me that it is desirable to have an ex-
ecutive session. If so, I have no objection to
yielding the floor for that purpose. [The
speech, when concluded, will be published in
the Appendix.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thei£ are a num-
ber of executive messages.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I will yield at this
point for an executive session, and conclude
my remarks to-morrow.
• executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania yields to the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Pool,] who moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After forty-five minutes spent in
executive session the doors were reopened, and
(at five o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 22, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
members sworn" in.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of privi-
lege.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
