228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 22,
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, for con-
sideration at this time, the Senate bill in refer-
ence to the office of surveyor at Eastport,
Maine.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] yielding.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana will proceed or surrender the floor.
'Mr. KERR. I desire to present the cre-
dentials of the members elected to this House
from the State of New Hampshire, and move
that they be now sworn in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the members-elect from the State ot New
Hampshire, whose credentials have been pre-
sented by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] will now present themselves to be
sworn in.
Mr. DAWES. Let the credentials be read.
Mr. KERR. They are in the usual form,
and have been examined by all the members
of the Committee of Elections except two.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose there can be no
objection to having them read.
The SPEAKER. As tliey are all in the
same form only one will be read, if no objec-
tion be made.
' The credentials of EUery A. Hibbard, of
the first congressional district of the State of
New Hampshire, were then read.
No objection being made, Ellery A.
Hibbakd, from the first district; Samuel N.
Bell, from the second district; and Hosea
W. Parker, from the third district of New
Hampshire, then came forward and took the
oath of office prescribed by the act of July 2,
1862.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Syjip •
Son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to the following bill:
A bill (S. No. 202) authorizing the Presi-
dent to withdraw his acceptance of the res-
ignation of Ii. H. Lamson, late lieutenant in
the United States Navy.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a joint resolution of the House of the following
title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 31) granting
the right to erect a monument to Professor
Morse on a Government reservation.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed and requested the concurrence
of the House in bills of the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 294) for the relief of the in-
habitants of the town of Areata, in Humboldt
county, California; and
A bill (S. No. 29-3) authorizing the^Secretary
of War to place at the disposal of "the Lyon
Monument Association of .Missouri certain con-
demned cannon.
The message also communicated to the House
a copy of a letter from the Governor of the
State of Rhode Island, stating that a statue of
Roger Williams had been forwarded by that
State to the city of Washington, in compliance
with the resolution of Congress, approved July
2, 1864, inviting each State to furnish for the
Hall of the old House of Representatives
statues of deceased persons who have been
citizens thereof, and illustrious for their his-
toric renown from distinguished civil or mili-
tary services.
surveyor at eastport, maine.
Mr. HALE, I ask unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table
the bill (S. No. 130) to reestablish the office
of surveyor at Eastport, Maine.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill was read. It provides that the
office of surveyor of tjhe port of Eastport, for-
merly existing bylaw and abolished by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, be reestablished and
created and shall hereafter exist subject to the
same laws and restrictions that appertained to
the same before it was abolished, and shall
hereafter be known as the office of snrvwr
of Eastport and the district of Passamaquoday
bay, and shall not be subject to be abolished
except by act of Congress.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this bill?
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ambler] allow me to say a word in ex-
planation of the bill?
Mr. AMBLER. I have no objection to
allowing the gentleman to make an explana-
tion if I can reserve my right to object.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
the right to object may be reserved.
Mr. HALE. I think that after my explana-
tion no member will object to the bill. This
office was abolished by the Secretary of the
Treasury on the recommendation of a special
agent. On a further examination the Secre-
tary found that in consequence of the aboli-
tion of this office he would be called upon to
appoint an inspector at a larger salary ; and
he decided to reestablish the office, and so
directed it be done. But the Solicitor of the
Treasury Department instructed him as a
matter of law that while he had the power to
abolish he could not reestablish. Thereupon
the Secretary of the Treasury directed a letter
to the Committee on Commerce of the Senate,
recommending the reijstablishment of this
office, and the Senate committee, after the
examination of the subject, reported this bill.
The House Committee on Commerce during
the last session also examined into the subject
and were ready, through the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Coxger,] to report favorably.
Mr. AMBLER. Allow me to inquire of
the gentleman why there is added to the bill
the proviso that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall not hereafter have power to abolish the
office ?
Mr. HALE. I am not particular about the
retention of that clause, but the bill in this
form has, I think, the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. This clause cer-
tainly ought not to be retained in the bill; for
it would discriminate in favor of this particu-
lar place above all others.
Mr. AMBLER. If that clause be struck
out I shall interpose no objection to the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the
striking out of the clause as suggested by the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. AMBLER. I move, then, to amend by
striking out at the end of the bill the words "and
shall not be subject to be abolished except by
act of Congress."
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be considered as read a first and
second time, and the amendment just moved
by the gentleman from Ohio will be regarded
as adopted.
There was no objection.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. E'or how long?
Mr. YOUNG. For two or three minutes.
^ The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. YOUNG. I ask the Clerk to read a
paragraph which appears in this morning's
Chronicle.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The Washington correspondent of the Augusta
(Georgia) Chronicle says of Hon. P. M. B. You.\a
from the seventh congressional district:
"'General Yodxg has been suffering greatly from
a cold which settled in his head. He is in his seat
to-day. however, and is again looking up. There is
no discount on-his Democracy. He says ho would
like to charge through the House with a company
of cavalry, to shoot and to kill, and I believe in truth
he would.'
" We do not believe General Youxg ever expressed
any such wish."
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. Speaker, I should not
dignify this paragraph with any notice on the
floor of this House had not my attention been
called to it by a distinguished Republican
member who is my personal friend. The alle-
gation is simply preposterous, absurd, ridicu-
lous. I have never felt or given utterance to
sentiments that could warrant such a statement.
From the day of my admission to the Fortieth
Congress, in'1868, to the present moment, I
have met with nothing from members of this
House but uniform kindness and courtesy, and
I have never for a moment entertained feel-
ings for any member of the House other than
those of kindness. I will say in conclusion,
sir, that like the people whom I have the honor
to represent, I desire and intend to obey the
laws of my country and to do ail iti my power,
both in my private and official capacity, to pro-
mote its peace, prosperity, and its glory.
order of business, etc.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
during the morning hour is the presentation
of reports from the Committee of Elections.
Mr. COBB. I move tbat the House adjourn.
Mr. KILLINGER. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Friday next.
On agreeing to the motion, there were—ayes
thirty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. KILLINGER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Killixger
and Mr. Poland were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes 65.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the yeas and nays.
I trust that in the unsettled state of business
at the other end of the Capitol we shall not
adjourn over. Let us see what decision may
be reached in regard to the duration of the
session. I hope that before we adjourn to day
the Senate will agree upon the time for final
adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire whether
there is not now pending in this House a reso-
lution providing for the final adjournment of
this Congress to-morrow at twelve meridian?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now
pending in the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is pending before the
two Houses; and therefore it seems to me
improper we should adjourn over at this time
under the circumstances.
Mr. HOAR. I object to debate.
The question was then taken ; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 41, nays 140,
not voting 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Bell, Biggs, James Brooks,
Clarke, Cobb, Cox, Dox, DuBose, Griffith, ILxmble-
ton, II and ley. Hereford, Hoar, llolmnn, KiUinger,
King, Leach, Marshall, JleJunkin, AlcKmney. iler-
cur, Benjamin i'\ Meyers, Morphia, Perce, Peters,
Bitchie, Roosevelt, Scolield, Shanks, Sloeuin, Sloss,
Snyder, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Swann, Syptier,
Van Tramp, and Vaughan—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arthur, Banks,
Barber, Beatty, Beck, Bigby, Bird, Austin Bfair,
James G. Blair,Braxton, Bright. George 11. Biooks,
Buckley, Baffinton, Buruhard, Burdett, Benjamin
I1. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Coburn, Co-
mingo. Conger, Cook, Cotton, Criteher. Davis,
Dawes, De Large, Dickey, Donnan, Dtiell, Duke,
Dunnell, Eames. Elliott, Ely, Farweli, Fmkelnbmir,
Eorker, Charles Foster, Prye, GUrfield, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Halsey, Ilarmer, Harper. Goorote E. llar-
ris, John T. Harris, Havens. Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Gerry Vf. Hazleton, John \Y. Unzleion, llubbavd,
Hill, Hooper, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr. Ketcham, Kin-
sella. L&mison, Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, Lowe,
Manson, Maynard, McClelland, McCormick. Mc-
