1871.
iSE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
229
Crary, McIIenry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Merriam,
Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Niblaek, Orr, Packard;
Palmer. Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Eli
Perry, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Prindle, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Eilis H. Roberts,
William II. Roberts. Rogers, Rusk. Sawyer, Seeley,
Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabargcr, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speor, Thomas J.
Sneer, Sprague, Stoughton, Sutherland, Taffe, Terry,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
. Twichell, Tyner,Waddell,Wakeman, Walden, Walls,
Washburn. Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne,
Wiilard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York. John T. Wilson, and Wood-140.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ames, Avorill,
Barry, Bingham, Roderick R. Butler, Crebs, Creely,
Crossland, Darrall.Eldridge, Farnsworth, Henry D.
1'oster, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hale, Hanks, Lynch,
McGrew, McK ee. Merrick, Mitchell, Moore, Leonard
Myers, Negley. Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Aaron 1.
Perry, Porter, Price, Rainey, Robinson, Shoemaker,
H. Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stow-
eli, St. John, Dwight Townsend. Upson, Voorhees,
Waldron, Wallace, Warren, Jeremiah M.Wilson,
Winchester, and Young—45.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The next question recurred on Mr. Cobb's
motion to adjourn.
. The* House divided; and there were—ayes
53, noes 89.
So the House refused to adjourn.
morning hour.
Mr. KILL1NGER. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the morning hour now
begins, at twenty minutes to one o'clock, and
reports are first in order from the Committee
of Elections.
tennessee election.
Mr. McCRARY, from the Committee of
Elections, reported the following resolution;
which, with the accompanying report, was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed:
Resolved, That the election for members of Con-
gress from the State of Tennessee, held on the 8th
day of November, 1870, was held on the day fixed by
law, and was not void by reason of having been held
on the said day.
Mr. McCRARY. I wish to give notice that
I will call up that resolution for action at an
early day.
hon. john edwards.
Mr. POLAND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to report the following
resolution:
Resolved, That John Edwards, holding a regular
certificate of election as the Representative from the
third congressional district of Arkansas, is entitled
to be sworn in as the sitting member from said dis-
trict, subject to the determination of the contcst
jnade against his right theroto by Thomas Boles.
Mr. BURDETT. Does that provide so that
a contest may be inaugurated?
Mr. POLAND. The resolution provides for
that. This only gives Mr. Edwards the seat as
the sitting member.
Mr. BURDETT. It strikes me that under
existing laws and our rules the time has passed
for proper notice and answer under the law
for contest, and this case, therefore, calls for
some special provision.
Mr. McCRARY. If the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] will allow me, I will
state that the time expires to-day. The con-
testant is now engaged preparing the notice.
But if he does not get through in time the
committee have agreed to extend the time, so
that there will be no trouble on that account.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion lliereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. Edwards appeared and qualified by
taking the oatli prescribed by the law of July
•2, 1862.
william p. preston.
Mr. POLAND also, from the Committee of
Elections, reported a bill (H. R. No. 284) to
pay William P. Preston the sum therein men-
tioned ; -which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed to ask that
the bill be put upon its passage.
Hie bill was read. It provides that there
bffjpaid out of the Treasury of the United
States to William P. Preston the sum of
$1,437 93, the same being for his expenses in
contesting the seat of J. W. Harris, of Mary-
land, in the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is this a question of
privilege ?
The SPEAKER. The committee are re-
porting now under the regular call of com-
mittees for reports, and not as questions of
privilege.
Mr.-POLAND. I desire briefly to state to
the House the history of this claim, which has
been pending for a considerable time.
Mr. STEVENSON. I make the point that
this bill, because it contains a money appro-
priation, should go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's-point is
good.
Mr. ARCHER. I rise to a point of order.
Does not the point made by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] come too late,
after an explanation has been entered upon?
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair is compelled
to hold that it is plainly in time, if the gentle-
man insists on it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do insist on it.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
011D15R OL' HL'SINESS.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. 1 have another resolution
to offer.
Mr. PERCE. If there is any further busi-
ness from the Committee of Elections I with-
draw for the present the motion to adjourn.
Mr. .KERR. Will it be in order now to
offer a resolution for reference to the Commit-
tee of Elections?
The SPEAKER. That would not be strictly
iti order. Only reports from tho Committee
of Elections are now in order.
Mr. POLAND. I am directed by the Board
of Regents 
The SPEAKER. Thaidoesnoteome within
the call. If there be no further reports from
the Committee of Elections reports are in
order from the Committee on Mileage.
Mr. PERCE. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Peace] whence arises
his sudden anxiety to adjourn the House now
without any legislation? I understood the
gentleman a few days ago to be in distress for
want of legislation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to debate.
Mr. PERCE. If we could do any good by
sitting here I am as willing to sit here as any
gentleman can be.
'Mr. DAWES. That has been my policy
from the beginning; but the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Perce] has differed from me.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to debate.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to make a parliament-
ary inquiry. If the House does not adjourn,
what will'be the first business in order after
the expiration of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair allowed the
bill of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] in relation to a reissue of national bank
notes to go over till the expiration of the morn-
ing hour. That bill will be the order at the
end of the morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
the Senate is going to act to-day on the reso-
lution as to final adjournment. I hope the
House will not. now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It has been laid
on the table of the Senate by a larjje majority.
Mr. DAWES. It has only been laid on the
table temporarily.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 72, noes 78.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask for the yeas and
nays. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry: is the morning hour sus-
pended during these proceedings?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
been running.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire to
make a parliamentary inquiry: whether, in
the absence of reports from committees, the
call of States would not be in order during the
morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. When the call of commit-
tees for reports is concluded the call of States
comes next in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—-yeas 80, nays 104, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ackei, Adams, Arthur, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Comingo,
Cox, Critclicr, Davis, I)ox, DuBose, Duke, Eldridge,
Kly, Farnsworth, Finltelnburg. Forkcr. Garrett., Getz,
Gloliaday, Griffith, Hale, llandley, Harmer, Harper,
Georgo E. Harris, Hawlcy, Killinger, King,Kinsella,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, McClelland, Mclntyro, Mc-
,1 unkin, MeKinney. McNeoly. Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan, Niblaek, Perce, Eli Perry,Peters, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rico, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, ltobinson, Rogers, Roosevelt. Seo-
field, Sherwood, Shobor, Slater, Sloeum, Sloss, K.
Milton Specr, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Swann,
Taffe, Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wad-
doll, Whitthorne, Williams of New York, Wood, and
Young—8li.
NAYS—Messrs. Amble,. Archer, Averill, Realty,
Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, liiiQinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin
V. Bailor, Clarke, Coburn, Conger. Cook, Cotton,
Creely, Darrall, Dawes, Do Large, Dickey, Donnan,
Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott. 1'arwell, Charles
I'oster, I'Yye, Garfield, Ilalsey, Havens, Hay, Hays,
Geiry W. Iliv/.leton, John W. Ila/.leton, Hereford,
Hill, lloar. Ilolmnn, Hooper, Kelley, Kendall,Kerr,
Keu-hum, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Manson, Mar-
shall, Maynanl, McCormick, McCrary, Mellenry,
Mereur, Merriam,Monroe, Morey, Morphis, Negley
Orr, Packard,Palmer,Isaac C.Parker,Peek, Pendle-
ton, Piatt, Poland, Price, Rainoy, Ellis H. Roberts,
Ru*k. Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabar-
ger, H. Boardman Smith, Snyder, Thomas <1. Speer,
Spraguc, Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner,
Wakom an, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls,Wash-
burn, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wiilard, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—io-t.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Bell, Roderick 11. Butler, Crebs, Crossland.
Edwards, Henry D. Poster, Goodrich, Ilaldeman,
Hambleton, Hanks. John T. Harris, Hibbard, Lynch,
McGrew, McKec, Merrick, Mitchell, Moore, Leonard
Myers, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Aaron F. Perry,
Porter, Potter, Prindle, Sessions, Shoemaker. John
A. Smith. Wort.bincton C. Smith, St. John, Sypher,
Dwight Townsend, Upson, Voorhees, Warren, and
Winches tei — It).
So the House refused to adjourn.
adjournment until december.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise- to a question
of privilege. 1 offer the following resolution :
Resolved by the Ilouie of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That this House will, when it ad-
journs on Friday next, adjourn to meot again on the
iirst Monday in December next, at eleven o'clock
a. m.
It is a resolution which only requires the
concurrence of the Senate to allow the House
to adjourn, and then if the Senate choose to
remain in session it can do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is not that
resolution debatable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts this
being a question of privilege until the time
expires covered by the resolution of the House
which has been already sent to the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not see how
anything of that kind can affect it as a question
of privilege. If it would be a question of priv-
ilege after the expiration of that time it is a
question of privilege now.
The SPEAKER. It would not be a ques-
tion of privilege to propose the ordinary form
of adjournment without day within that time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH* Would not a eon-
current resolution "be a question of privilege
