1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
By Mr. MOREY; The petition of Jane P.
Tbnrston.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The memorial of John W. Trump, adminis-
trator of Benjamin Huggins, of Pennsylvania,
deceased, for payment of French spoliations
prior to 1800.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 23, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. W. Pedman, D. D., of
Atlanta, Georgia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
partly read; when, on motion of Mr. Pome-
roy, and by unanimous consent, the further
reading was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of Mrs. Harriet Barney, widow and executrix
of Commodore Barney, graying indemnifica-
tion for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1800; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Ama-
ryllis Ellis, administratrix of George Ellis,
deceased, of Newbern, North Carolina, pray-
ing indemnification for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1800; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. TIPTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Nebraska, in favor of the pas-
sage of a law reserving the south half of every
section of public land in that State for the use
of homesteaders and preemptors only; which
was referred to the Commit tee on Public Lands.
Mr. LOGAN presented the memorial of
Charles D. Arter, praying compensation for
the use and destruction of property by United
States troops at Cairo, Illinois, during the late
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BROWNLO W presented the petition of
A. M. Gate and others, praying compensation
for services rendered and loss of property in
East Tennessee in 1861; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
NRW JHKSEY COAST.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present as a
petition a joiut resolution of the Legislature
of New Jersey, asking an appropriation of
$200,000 for the better protection of life and
property on the New Jersey coast; and in
presenting this petition I desire to say that from
correspondence which I have had I am satis-
fied that within the last year there has been a
very considerable loss of property and a num-
ber of wrecks on that coast which might have
been avoided by an adequate appropriation.
1 move the reference of the resolution to the
Committee on Commerce, and hope that it may
have their attention before the close of this
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It will be so referred.
Mr. STOCKTON. I received this morning
a copy of the resolution just presented by my
colleague, and I desire to give notice that I
shall move on the deficiency appropriation bill
at the proper lime the following amendment:
For the purpose of more effectually securing life
and property upon thecoast of New Jersey for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1872, $'200,000.
I had occasion to address a few words to the
Senate during the last Congress on the import-
ance of this subject, and they made a small
appropriation for the last winter months. This
appropriation was to pay acrew of experienced
surfmen to serve the mortar and the boats at
alternate life-saving stations. The gentleman
representing that district in the House of Rep-
resentatives had made an ineffectual effort in
the House to get a crew at each station. Fear-
ing that I could not obtain the whole sain re-
quired, I asked for a crew at each alternate sta-
tion, and secured an appropriation of $50,000
for that purpose. During this last season
came ashore in the neighborhood of the
stations where a crew was, and life and prop-
erty to an immense amount were saved on
such occasions. And almost as if for the pur-
pose of proving the importance of manning all
these stations, vessels also came ashore at sta-
tions where there was no crew and nobody to
serve the Government apparatus, and on such
occasions there was great destruction of life
and great loss of property. Mr. President,
this resolution of our Legislature contemplates
additional stations with crews at each station
and improved life-boats in place of those worn
out. It is our duty to make the appropriation
as asked.
I shall not detain the Senate by saving any-
thing further now on this subject, but I think
there is no legislation more important than
this, because the winter will come and these
storms will arise and probably life be lost
before Congress will be able at the next session
to make the grant of money necessary for the
purpose.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
memorial be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That William T. Stotts have leave to
withdraw from the flies of the Senate his petition
and papers, praying compensation for damages to
his mill by reason of the work upon the canal at
the Dcs Moines rapids of the Mississippi river.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, That Richard Cruikshank have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
martial law.
Mr. POMEIIOY. If there be no reports
of committees I ask leave to introduce a bill
that has but one section relating to the pend-
ing subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Chair apprehends
that, under the order passed by the Senate
yesterday, reports of committees and the in-
troduction of bills would not be in order unless
by unanimous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous con-
sent. I should have to do that any way, as I
have not given notice of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas asks unanimous consent to intro-
duce a bill. Is there objection?
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that it may be read
at length now, because it relates to the pending
subject before the Senate. It is my contribu-
tion to this cause.
Leave was granted, by unanimous consent,
to introduce a bill (S. No. 303) to amend an
act approved February 28,1795, and to author-
ize the President, at his discretion, to declare
martial law in certain cases, and for other
purposes; and it was read at length, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c„ That section two of the act en-
titled "An act to provide for calling out the militia
to suppress insurrection nnd repel invasions," &c.,
approved February 28,1795, be amended by adding
thereto the following:
And whenever the President of the United States
shall have information from the Governor of any
State or Territory, or from any judicial or other offi-
cer of the United States in such State or Territory,
that there are organized bodies or bands of men
existing in any county or district of any State or
Territory, and formed for the purpose of disturbing
the peace of that county or district, or for the pre-
vention of the due execution of the laws therein,
whereby the officers of the law are hindered or de-
terred in their official duties, and that thus the laws
are not executed and offenses are committed, and
criminals go untried and unpunished, or if in con-
sequence of the acts of any person or persons not
banded togetherthe peaceofthcoitizens of the Uni-
ted States in any such county or district is threat-
ened and life and property are endangered, ondsueh
demonstrations are made as compel officers of the
law to abandon and resign their office or offices, and
any such district of country thereby beeomcs aban-
doned to lawlessness and crime, then, and in all
such case.1-, ir shall be the duty of the President oi
the United States, and lie is hereby authorized, if
convinced of the facts as herein set forth, at his dis-
cretion, to issue a proclamation declaring martial
law to De in force in such specified county or district
°? a,n^ 'n addition to the militia force pro-
Videdfor m the second sectiim of the aforesaid act
of February 28.1795, or m lieu of such force, ho is
hereby authorized to use and employ the Army and
Navy of tho United States, or any portion thereof
to suppress any resistance to the laws of the United
States, and to arrest and bring to trial any person
or persons charged with crimes against tho United
States, or against any citizen thereof who bytho laws
and the Constitution of the United States is entitled
to the free and equal protection of the laws; and all
Dorsons so offending, whether as individuals or as
members of an organized band, within any district
declared to be under martial law, for and during the
time that such district is so declared to be under mar-
tial law, shall be arrested, tried, acquitted, or con-
victed, and punished, according to the llules and Arti-
cles of War; and tho Presidentof the United State3
is hereby authorized, at his discretion, to suspend tho
writ of habeas corpus, for the time being, in any suoh
county or district: and in case he does declare such
county or district to be undermartial law, orthe writ
of habettH corpus to be therein suspended, he shall
make a full report thereof, and of all his proceedings
under this act, to Congress at its first session next
ensuing.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the bill be
printed and lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
to print will be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I may want to address
the Senate on the subject.
Mr. CASSERLY. I want to know what
that paper is before that order is made.
Mr. VICKERS. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CASSERLY. I inquire what it is that
has just been read. I did not hear the first
part. Is it a memorial or a bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire the bill to be reported again ?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I simply want to know
what it is that is read from the desk—a bill
or a petition?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a bill which I have
drawn with a view of meeting the case that
has been discussed before the Senate for sev-
eral days.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not ask the object.
I wanted to know what was the parliamentary
character oif the paper. That is all.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought the Senator
wanted to know what it was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. And the order is that it
lie on the table and be printed?
Mr. MORTON. Why not have it referred
at once ?
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
its being referred to the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not suppose any
proper disposition could be made of it now.
Mr. POMEROY. If Senators desire that
the bill should go to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be regarded as read the second' time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
bernard hess.
Mr. WRIGHT. Are reports in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
order passed by the Senate yesterday, the
Chair apprehends that reports of committees
are not in order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask unanimous consent to
make a report from the Committee on Finance,
with a view of having a case referred to another
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
received by unanimous consent. The Sen-
ator from Iowa asks unanimous consent to be
allowed to make a report. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none, and the report
will be received.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the petition of Bernard
Hess, praying to be reimbursed for certain
moneys expended in the line of his duty as an
officer of the internal revenue department,
ask to be discharged from its farther consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The report was agreed to.
