THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
ROBERT MOIR AND COMPANY.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am directed by the same
committee to report back House resolution
No. 28. It is recommended by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue and also by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and it lias the unan-
imous approval of the Committee on Finanee.
There seems to be 110 reason why it should not
pass ; the case is invincible on the facts; and I
ask that it be put on its passage now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent to make
a report, and that the resolution reported be
now put on its passage.
Mr. TIPTON. Is it not excluded by the
rale adopted yesterday?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, unless
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the joint resolution
be read for information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
objection to granting unanimous consent in
this case. This joint resolution has twice
passed the House of Representatives and twice
beeri reported by the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title of
the joint resolution will be read for information.
The Chief Clerk. A joint resolution (H.
11. No. 28) for the relief of Robert Moir & Co.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state what it is. It
is a case where a man's distillery was struck by
lightning and a number of barrels of whisky—
I do not remember how many exactly—were
burned up, and he asks to be relieved from pay-
ing tax on that which was burned up. The
measure has twice passed the House of Rep-
resentatives and twice been reported by our
Finance Committee unanimously, and 1 am
sure nobody can object to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the resolution be read,
that the Senate may see exactly what it is.
The joint resolution was read. It confers
on the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
aps-hority to inquire into and determine the
amount, if any, of distilled'spirits contained in
the bonded warehouse of Robert Moir & Co.,
iu the fourtli district of Illinois, on the 30th
clay of June, 1870, and which on that day was
struck by lightning and with its contents de-
stroyed, and to abate and remit all taxes and
assessments due and unpaid upon any distilled
spirits so destroyed.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to have an under-
standing as to the effect of the order which
was passed yesterday. I want to know whether
it is consistent with that order to introduce
bills, have them read a second time, and
referred. The reading of a bill, the passing
of it to a second reading, and its reference, is
a consideration of that bill; and if that order
which was passed yesterday is to have its
legitimate effect, no bill can be read a second
time and referred to a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
so stated, except by unanimous consent, by
which any rule can be suspended.
■Mt. FRELINGHUYSEN. Excepting bills
which appertain to the excepted subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bills
excepted in the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 suppose the rule adopted
yesterday stands like all other rules of this
boaythat are to be enforced, except by the
unanimous consent of the Senate, until they
are changed. Therefore a bill of this kind,
the merits of which are plain uoon its face",
unless objected to, I think ought to pass. This
firm reside in Illinois, aud the papers show
ciearly that the bonded warehouse in which
this whisky was stored was struck by lightning.
This bill has been twice reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance. It ought either to be
passed or referred to the Committee on Claims
or some other committee to look into it.
*Mr._ TRUMBULL. Certainly there can be
no object in referring it to another committee.
It ought to be passed. I hope there will be
no objection to unanimous consent for that
purpose.
Mr. TIPTON. I understood yesterday, when
the Senate so persistently excluded from the
future action of the body everything excepting
one or two propositions, that they were in
earnest and intended to enforce it, and that is
the reason why I object to this bill. I trust
that we shall now, as the rule has been adopted,
attend to that species of business which lay so
heavily on the hearts of gentlemen yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objec-
tion of the Senator from Nebraska carries the
bill over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Nebraska will allow unanimous consent to pass
this bill.
PROTECTION OF THIS LATVS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill which I wish to have
read. I will state that it is the bill introduced
into the House of Representatives by Mr.
Shellabakger, of Ohio, with two amend-
ments. I ask that it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks unanimous consent
to introduce a bill relating to one of the ex-
cepted subjects named in the resolution of
yesterday, and asks that it be read. By unan-
imous consent it maybe read, subject to objec-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Nebraska is going to object to unanimous con-
sent in one case, I hope be will carry out his
purpose and object to all bills.
Mr. CHANDLER. This is a bill relative
to the very subject excepted in the resolution
adopted yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rnle, if it amounts
to anything, is this: it is only to consider a
report of the Committee on the Judiciary on
that subject. If the rule be read it will be
found that it does not apply to introducing
bills in the Senate.
Mr. POMEROX". This relates to furnishing
material for such a bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is another sub-
ject, if there is anything in the rule. I do not
wish to object to unanimous consent in refer-
ence to some of these matters; but if the
Senator from Nebraska is going to object to a
case where property has been destroyed by
lightning, and insists on collecting taxes from
the destroyed property, I think he ought to
object to this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senatorfrom Illinois object to the introduction
of this bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir ; I do not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill, as
follows:
A bill to secure to all persons within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States the equal protection of the
laws within the several States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that it may be
read at length.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read at length, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
as follows :
Be it. enacted, &e„ That if two or more persons
shall, within the limits of any State of the Union,
conspire together to do any act against the person,
property, or rights of another, which act, being com-
mitted within the limits of a State, would not be
punishable as a crime against any law of the United
States, but which, if committed in any place or dis-
trict under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the
United States, would be punishable as a crime under
the laws thereof in force at the time of such con-
spiracy, andif one ormoreof said parties to said con-
spiracy shall do any act, to effect the object thereof,
the parties to said conspiracy shall be deemed guilty
of a felony, and, on conviction, shall he liable to a
penalty of not less than $500 and to imprisonment
not exceeding ten years: Provided, That if any party
or parties to such conspiracy shall, in furtherance
or such common design, commit murder, such party
or parties so guilty shall, upon conviction thereof,
suffer death.
Sec. 2. That when any offense punishable under
this act shall be begun in one judicial district of the
united otates aim completed in another, every such
oflense shall be deemed to have been' committed in
eitherofsaid districts, and maybe dealt with, in-
quired of, tried, determined, and punished in either
of said districts in the same manner as if it had been
wholly committed therein.
Skc.3. That in al! eases of insurrection or obstruc-
tion to the laws, either of the United States or of
any individual State or Territory, by combinations
too powerful to bo suppressed by the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings, and in all cases where the
constituted authorities of any such Sta te or Territory
shall so fail or refuse to execute the laws thereof as
to secure to all persons the equal protection of the
laws, it shall be lawful for the President of the Uni-
ted States to employ such part of the land and naval
forces of the United States or the militia of any
State as shall be judged necessary to suppress such
combinations, and to cause the laws to bo duly exe-
cuted, and this although tho Legislature and Execu-
tive of any such State may omit or refuse to call for
such forces; and the President is in such ease author-
ized to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus within such district or districts as he may
deem necessary, such suspension not to eontinuo
beyond the time of the adjournment of the next
session of Congress.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. We have heard
enough of that foul thing. I object to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that it lie on the
table, and be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and that order will be
made.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COLE. I ask leave to introduce a bill,
not to put it on its passage, but to have it
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent to
introduce a bill. Is there objection ?
Mr. THURMAN. What is the bill? Let
us hear it.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not rise to object
to the bill of the Senator from California, but
rather to make an appeal 
Mr. COLE rose.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall object if I cannot
gain a hearing for an appeal to the Senator
and to other Senators not to begin by breaking
down the rule which, after so much discussion
and delay, we have at last adopted. I beg to call
attention of Senators for one moment to the
meaning of this rule, as I wish not to allude
to the matter again. It is an ungracious thing
to object to a particular request, and I submit
we ought to observe the rule itself, so as not
to impose upon any Senator tho unpleasant
necessity of objecting, in particular instances,
to unanimous consent:
"Resolved, That the Senate will consider, at the
present session, no other legislative business"—
That embraces all subjects except executive
business, because the rules of the Senate pro-
vide that executive business and legislative
business, being the two species into which the
functions of the Senate are divided, sha 1 be
separately journalized and distinctly treated—
"That the Senate will consider, at tho present
session, no other legislative business than the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, the concurrent resolution
for a joint committee of iuves'igation into the con-
dition of the States lately in insurrection, and the
resolution "—
which, I remind Senators, is a Senate reso-
lution, not a concurrent resolution—
"now pending instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to report a bill or bills that will enable
the President and the courts of the United States to
execute the laws in said States, and the report that
may be made by the Committee on the Judiciary on
that subject."
These words are clear and specific. They
embrace Senate resolutions not only on their
face generally, but because we expressly name
and mention one Senate resolution as among
the legislative business which alone we will
consider. Observing the rule strictly involves
no disadvantage. What is the object of intro-
ducing bills or of having bills referred now';'
Mr. COLE. I can answer the senator's
question.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall be glad to hear
the answer.
Mr. COLE. This will involve the necessity
of making inquiry in San Francisco, which
