1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ought to be made during the interim between
now and the next meeting of Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. By the Committee on
Military Affairs?
Mr. COLE. That is all.
Mr. CONKLING. In San Francisco?
Mr. COLE. An investigation by the Mili-
tary Department here. The committee can
refer it to the Military Department, so as not
to interfere with the order of business of the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. That is what I supposed.
Let us see its force and application. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs cannot in vacation
inquire into anything in San Francisco unless
authorized to go there, or to send there for
persons or papers, and sit during the recess.
The inquiry, however, is to be made, the Sen-
ator says, by the Department, and it can be
made just as well without introducing a bill
and sending a bill to the Department as it can
otherwise. If he will send the bill in a note
to the Secretary of War and suggest to him to
make inquiry he will do it, and introducing the
bill will not promote or expedite the inquiry at
all. So the bill of ray honorable friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] introduced and
ordered to be printed just now. I am glad to
have the bill before the committee or the Sen-
ate, if he wishes it, but I remind him that every
purpose would have been accomplished by
handing the bill t,o the Judiciary Committee in
case it so happens, in the course of time, that
the resolution we are debating shall ever reach
a vote, so that the Judiciary Committee shall
be clothed with jurisdiction. So I submit that
nothing is to be gained by a violation of this
rule; and if we are to stand by it at all we
must all stand by it, and the Senator from
Nebraska and every other Senator must be
relieved from the disagreeable duty of rising
in-his place and objecting, as it may seem at
the lime ungraciously, to somethingaparticular
Senator asks. I have no personal objection
to make, but I insist, after having adopted this
rule, which embodies the judgment of the Sen-
ate, ws should stand by and enforce it, not in
some loose and hap hazard way, which leads
to partiality or injustice in some instances, but
absolutely as it is, so that nothing shall be in
order except executive business and the three
instances of legislative business specified by
the rule itself.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that, under the order passed yesterday,
the call for petitions having been exhausted,
the regular order, which is the deficiency
appropriation bill, is now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask if Senate
resolutions are not in order. I have a Senate
resolution which I wish to offer ; not a con-
current resolution, but a Senate resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate res-
olutions of a legislative character, or direct-
ing or looking to legislation, would not be
ia order.
Mr. SUMNER. Notlooking to legislation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot tell whether the resolution is in order
until it is offered.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I send to the Chair—-
Mr. COLE. Under the ruling of the Chair
I call for the regular order.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the regular order,
too; the regular order being the morning
business, and I send to the Chair a resolution
which I ask to have read and printed.
Mr. COLE. I understand the ruling of the
Chair to be that no morning business but the
presentation of petitions is in order, and they
have been exhausted; and that the next regu-
lar order is the deficiency bill, which I call up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. But do I understand the
Chair to rule a resolution out of order that the
Chair has not heard, a Senate resolution not
looking to legislation ?
Mr. COLE. Does the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts appeal from the decision of the
Chair ?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. I simply wish
the Chair to understand the question sub-
mitted.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me, I think I can sug-
gest a solution of this question. I inquired on
this very point of the vice President when in
the chair yesterday, whether the resolution
of our friend and associate now in the chair,
if passed, would have the effect of cutting
off mere Senate resolutions, as for instance
resolutions of inquiry, and he decided that
it would not, because they were not in the
nature of legislative business.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator is right about
that.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that is very clear.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to under-
stand the Senator from California. Does he
say that the Vice President stated that Senate
resolutions would not be cut off?
Mr. CASSERLY. That Senate resolutions,
as, for instance, resolutions of inquiry, were
not in the nature of legislative business so as
to fall under the ban of the resolution adopted
yesterday. That is the way I put the ques-
tion, and that is the way he answered.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg t.o inquire what
sort of Senate resolutions would be legislative
business if such a resolution as the Senator
indicates would not be; and before he answers
me I call his attention again to the fact that
this rule, on its face, declares that Senate res-
olutions are legislative business, because it
says that "no legislative business shall be con-
sidered other than the following," one of which
is itself a resolution of mere instruction and
reference to a committee. How anybody can
say, in the face of such a rule, that it does not
embrace Senate resolutions is entirely past my
understanding.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think there is a dis-
tinction, and I think the Senator from New
York will agree with me if he will hear me.
Mr. CONKLING. I will hoar the Senator
with pleasure.
Mr. CASSERLY. The resolution which is
excepted is a resolution which looks to legisla-
tion expressly, looks to a bill from the Judi-
ciary Committee—1 mean the resolution of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Senator whether every resolution of inquiry
or of any other sort does not look to legisla-
tion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Not necessarily.
Mr. CONKLING. Supposea Senator sends
a resolution to a Department calling for inform-
ation, does he seek information for any pur-
pose except a senatorial purpose; and can that
be for anything except legislative or executive
business? Is there any other business known
to this body ?
Mr. COLE. Is this side-bar colloquy in
order ?
Mr. SUMNER. The ruling of the Chair to
the question put by the Senator from Califor-
nia yesterday is in the Globe of to-day, and
with the permission of the Chair I will read it:
"The Vice Pkestdent. Tho Chair will state to
the Senator from California that tho language of
tho resolution would not exclude the consideration
of Senate resolutions. It s<iys ' no other legislative
business' ' Legislative business' requires the con-
currence of both branches as an act of the Legis-
lature. which is the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. Sonato resolutions are not included in
the resolution."
Those were the views of the Chair yester-
day. Accordingly, Mr. President, I send to
the Chair a resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. If the words read from
the Globe, which I did not hear, (and which
must have been inadvertently uttered by the
Vice President; he could not have had this
rule before him which on its face does include
Senate resolutions,) in any degree embarrass
or constrain the present occupant of the chair,
I shall ask that this- question be submitted to
the Senate, because, if in the face of this rule
any Senator may introduce a Senate resolution
upon any subject he pleases, fche rule may just
as well bo discarded, altogether at once. It was
adopted in order to restrict the business of this
session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I rise to inquire,
what is the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts has offered a resolution ;
and a point of order has been raised whether
it is in order under the resolution passed yes-
terday.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The resolution
has not been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been.
Mr. CONKLING. And before it is read I
have a point of order to submit and insist upon.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I insist that no
point of order can be made on anything that
is not before the Senate. The resolution must
first be read.
Mr. SUMNER. Must first be read, thattha
Senate mav know what it is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Aud then tho
question of order will come up.
Mr. POMEROY. May I be allowed to say
that I do not think the resolution of yesterday
touches these questions? Everything is intro-
duced by unanimous consent, and if you want
to introduce a bill you must give one day's
notice.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I call the Sen-
ator to order. There ia nothing before the
Senate until the resolution is read.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is whether the resolu-
tion shall be received, aud on that a point of
order has been raised.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. We do not know
what it is; it must be read for information.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my honorable
friend will be in order. I have the floor on a
question of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. But I call, the
Senator from New York to order.
Mr. CONKLING. I am on the floor on a
question of order, I say again to my honorable
friend.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. You are on the
floor out of order.
Mr. CONKLING. When the Chair tells mo
so, I shall take my seat; not until the Chair
tells me so.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I appeal to the
Chair to call the Senator to that condition,
Mr. CONKLING. That, I imagine, the
Chair will not do. Mr. President, I rose to a
question of order; and I submit to the Chair
this point: the Senate is now acting under an
order in the nature of a rule, which excludes
everything except four things nominated in
the rule itself, and I insist that no Senator
has a right to offer any resolution, unless he
offers it within the rule 
Mr. COLE. I eall the Senator to order.
Mr. CONKLING. I decline to yield to my
honorable friend from California.
Mr. COLE. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California will state his point of
order.
Mr. COLE. The Chair has ruled that the
deficiency bill is the business before the Sen-
ate, and the Senator is alluding to something
outside of that matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts offered a resolution. It ia
true the Chair stated that the deficiency bill
was before the Senate, but the Senator from
Massachusetts offered a resolution and claimed
the right to present it.
Mr. SUMNER. I offered it in pursuance
of our rule making morning business of certain
classes in order until that be exhausted.
