1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
it would give its attention. It seems to me
that is the plain statement of the case, and it
cannot be obviated.
Mr. SUMNER. The ruling, as I under-
stand it, though the Senator from Maine attrib-
uted a ruling to the Chair which I do not think
the Chair has made 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has made no ruling.
Mr. SUMNER. I so understood. The Chair
has not overruled the Vice President, and I
think the Chair will reflect long before he does,
^Jien he considers that the resolution 
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should be glad to know
when the Vice President made a ruling.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already read some-
thing more than a ruling; a statement from
the Vice President to the Senate of his inter-
pretation of the order which was made.
Mr. HAMLIN. I never heard it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Vice President has
ruled on this question, and it is as positive and
peremptory as possible.
Mr. CONKLING. A mere suggestion.
Mr. SUMNER. No suggestion about it. I
will read it:
"The Vice President. The Chair will state to
the Senator from California that the language of the
resolution would not exclude the consideration of
Senate resolutions. It says 'no othor legislative
business.' 'Legislative business' requires the con-
currence of both branches as an act of the Legis-
lature, which is the Senate and House of Representa-
tives. Senate resolutions are not included in tbe
resolution."
Now I say there is a ruling of the Chair,
and on that ruling the resolution was adopted.
And now, sir, by way of argument, to show you
how impossible it is to exclude what [ propose
to introduce, I wish that the Senate shall un-
derstand what these resolutions are. Senators
have said, suppose a resolution calling for in-
formation or to rescind the order of the other
day were offered, then there would be a state-
ment here. I propose, now to make a state-
ment. My resolutions have a title as follows :
Resolutions regarding the employment of the
Navy of the United States, on the coasts of St.
Domingo during the pendency of negotiations for
the acquisition of part of that island.
And they proceed.
Whereas any negotiation by one nation witha
people inferior in population and power, having in
view the acquisition of territory, should be above
all suspicion of influence from superior force; and
in testimony to this principle Spain boasted that the
reincorporation of Dominica with her monarchy in
1861 was accomplished without the presence of a
single Spanish hbip on the coasts or a Spanish soldier
on the land, all of which appears in official docu-
ments: and whereas the United States being a lie-
public, founded on the rights of man, cannot depart
from such a principle and such a precedent with-
out, weakening; the obligations of justice between
nations and inflicting a blowupon Republican Insti-
tutions: Therefore,
Revolved, That in obedience to correct principle,
and that Republican Institutions may not suffer, tho
naval forces ot the United States should be with-
drawn from the coasts of St. Domingo during the
pendency of negotiations for the acquisition of any
part of that island.
Resolved 
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire what has
become of the question ot'order?
Mr. SUMNER. That since the equality of
all nations, without regard to population, size,
or power " 
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order. The Senator will not allow me in an
ordinary tone to make my question. I was
respectfully asking the Chair to state what
had become of the question of order the Chair
submitted some time ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has not had the opportunity to rule upon it as
yet.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I inquire of the
Chair whether this proceeding isiu order.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of
order. 1 was addressing the Chair, and I
yield only to a call to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
New York rises to a question of
Let the Senator state his
tor from
order.
Mr. SUMNER.
question of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I am going to do it
whenever the voice of the Senator does not
fill the Chamber to the exclusion of any other
voice. I tried to do it, and was overburdened
by the volume of sound the Senator made. I
had submitted my point of order, and I now
rise to insist that the point being that these
resolutions or any other resolutions are not in
order to be received, it cannot be in order to
proceed to read them pending that question of
order. Therefore, I insist that we shall have
a ruling upon that point, or that the question
shall.be submitted to the Seuate; and I deny
in this connection that the Vice President has
decided anything on this question. No point
of order was made.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a point of order.
I think I have the floor except on a call to
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from New York has stated his point of
order. Perhaps it is not proper for him to
proceed to argue it.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit my point, of
order, and I submit thatit has never been ruled
at all as a matter of fact by the Vice Presi-
dent or anybody else, and I ask that there
may be a ruling.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks, considering the way in which this
debate has gone on, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has the right to finish his remarks.
Mr. SUMNER. The second resolution is:
Jtenolved, That since the equality of all nations,
without regard to population, size, or power, is an
axiom of international law, as tho equality of all
men is an axiom of our Declaration of Independ-
ence, nothing can be done to a small or weak nation
that would not bo done to a largo or powerful
nation 
Mr. MORTON. Iriseto aquestionof order.
Mr. SUMNER—
or that wo would not allow to be done to ourselves.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana rises to a question of order. He
will state his point of order.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Chair first, what
is before the Senate ?
Mr. SUMNER. I am addressing the Chair,
and if T am out of order I shall sit down.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana rises to a point of order, which
he will state.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make this point
of order: that in thediseussion of thequestiou
that is now before the Senate it is not the right
of the Senator from Massachusetts to read a
speech 
Mr. SUMNER. No speech.
Mr. MORTON. Upon St. Domingo, put-
ting it in the form of a Senate resolution, at a
time when there can be no answer to it, no
reply, and no consideration of it fairly before
the Senate. I submit that it is simply a speech
put in the form of a resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I am on the floor and lam
in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. The hour of one o'clock
has arrived, which puts a stop to everybody.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the remarks of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts are quite as much in order as the de-
bate which has been going on. If tho Chair
were to enforce rigidly the rules of the Senate
the whole debate would probably be ruled out
of order until a ruling has been made by the
Chair and appealed from, or the question sub-
mitted to the Senate. But the latitude of de-
bate that has been indulged in does not trans-
cend the practice if it does the strict rule of
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call the attention of the
Chair to the fact that the hour of otic o'clock
has arrived.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER,. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the special order,
which is the resolution of fhe Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] on which the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. I would appeal to my friend
from Pennsylvania to allow me to finish my
very brief remarks.
Mr, SCOTT. I have broken the remarks
which I have already made into three distinct
pieces 
Mr. SUMNER. I shall be very brief.
Mr. SCOTT. And with every inclination to
yield to every Senator on the floor, as this will
be followed by a dozen applications of the
same sort, I must decline.
Mr. SDMNER. Five minutes only.
Mr. SAWYER. Let me ask the Senator 
Mr. SCOTT.. I have declined to yield to
all persons.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania declines to yield, and is
entitled to the floor.*
■"Tho resolutions of Mr. Sumner entire, are as fol-
lows:
Resolutions regarding the employment of the Navy
of the United States on tho coast of St. Domingo
during tho pendency of negotiations for tho acqui-
sition of part of that island.
Whereas any negotiation by one nation with a
peoplo inferior in population and power, having in
view tho acquisition of territory, should be above
all suspicion of influence from suporior force, and in
testimony to this principle Spain boasted that the
reincorporation of Dominica with her monarchy in
1861 was accomplished without the presence of a
single Spanish ship on the coast, or a Spanish soldier
on the land, Jill of which appears in official docu-
ments; and whereas the United States being'a lie-
public, founded on tbe rights of man, cannot depart
from such a principle and such a precedent without
weakening the obligations of justice between nations,
and inflicting a blow upon Republican Institutions:
Therefore,
Resolved, That in ohcdience to correct principle,
and that Republican institutionsmay not suffer, tho
naval forces of the United States should be with-
drawn from the coasts of St. Domingo during tho
pendeney of negotiations for the acquisition of any
part of that island.
Resolved, That sinco the equality of all nations,
without regard to population, size, or power, is an
axiom of International Law, as the equality of all
men is an axiom of our Declaration of Independence,
nothing can be done to a small or weak nation that
would not be done to a large or powerful nation, or
that wo would not allow to be done to ourselves;
and therefore any treatment of the republic of Hayti
by the Navy of the United States inconsistent with
this principle is an infraction of international law
in one of its gicat safeguards, and should bo dis-
avowed by the Government of the United States,
Rexolvcd, That since certain naval officers of tho
United States, with large war-vessels, including tho
monitor called the IHetator and tho frigate Severn,
with powerful armaments, acting under instructions
from the Executive and without tho authority of an
act of Congre?*, have entered onoor more ports of
the republic of Hayti, a friendly nation, and under
thamcnaco of open and instant war have coerced and
restrained that republic in its aovcicignty and^ inde-
pendence undor International Law: therefore, in jus-
tice to tho republic of Hayti, also in recognition of
its equal rights m tho family of nations, and in def-
erence to the fundamental x>rinciples of our institu-
tions. these hostile acts should be disavowed by tho
Government of the United States.
ttaolved, That under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States the power to declare war is placed under
the safeguard of an act of Congress; that the Presi-
dent alone ca nnot declare war ; that this is a pecu-
liar pnneipio of our Government by which it is dis-
tinguished from monarchical Governments, where
the power to declare war, as also the treaty-making
power, is in the Executive alone; that in pursuance
of this principle the President cannot, by any act
of his own, as by an unratified treaty, obtain any
such power, and thus divest Congress of its control,
and that therefore the employment of the Navy,
without the authority of Congress,m acts of hostility
against a frendly foreign nation, or in belligerent
intervention in the affairs of a foreign nation, is an
infraction of the Constitution of the United States,
and a usurpation of power not conferred upon tho
President.
Revolved, That while the President, without any
previous declaration of war by act of Congress, may
defend the country against invasion by foieign ene-
mies, he is not justified in exorcising the same power
in an outlying foreign island, which has not yet be-
come part of ttie United States ; that t lie title under
an unratified treaty is at must inchoate and contin-
gent, while it is created by the President alone, in
which respect it differs from any such title croat,ed
by act ot Congress: find since it is created by the
President alouc, without tho support of law, whether
