2S8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
the Republican party, who were applicants for that
position. They were well recommended. Tliey had
earueSsome recognition from the Government tor
services performed in the war. Over their heads a
negro, by the name of Gibson, was appointed, and
their claims overlooked."
I thought the Senator sought tp express to
the Senate his regret and his indignation that
this colored man should have been appointed
over worthy and excellent Federal soldiers
who were applicants for that position, for that
is what he says. Bat he goes on to say:
"He was the first negro mail agent that we had
ever had in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. It
was an unusual spectacle. TheseRepubhcan appli-
cants. worthy, clever men, good soldiers, werejusfly
excited and indignant that their claims should be
overlooked, and that this negro, who had donenotii-
ing, should be put over their heads.
The inference that the public would draw
from this statement is that the offense was com-
mitted by these Federal soldiers, who were
justly indignant and excited that their claims
had been overlooked and that this colored man
had been appointed over their heads; and in
corroboration of that inference he says fur-
ther on:
44 Mark my words; take them down. I saythat
whenever that case is investigated by a grand jury,
my word for it, you will find out he is a Republican,
and not a Democrat."
A.11 this statement on the part of the dis-
tinguished Senator would appeal strongly to
■ the heart of any man that hates a negro and
appeal to that bitterness and jealousy of race,
and to show how unjustly thesePederal soldiers
had been treated by having a colored man
appointed over them. Now mark how plain
a tale shall put it down. It is rather unpleasant
to spoil such a nice little bit of Democratic
capital; but truth compels me to do it. I have
here a memorandum from the Post Office
Department in regard to the circumstances
of the appointment of this colored mail agent,
Mr. William H. Gibson:
" Samuel Gr. Gill.who was not a Federal soldier .was
route agent on the route from Louisville to Crab
Orchard. Kentucky."
That is another road entirely.
" He resigned, and W. H. Gibson"—
This colored man—
"was appointed on the 11th of July, 1870,"—
In July last—
"to fill the vacancy"—
on that route from Louisville to Crab Orchard.
"He remained on that route, giving entire satisfac-
tion to the public and to the Department, until the
21st day of January, 1871, when he was transferred to
the Louisville and Lexington railroad route, reliev-
ing John C. JJauts, who was, at his own request,
transferred to Gibson's route, from Louisville to
Crab Orchard."
Gibson had been upon this road, and this
was his third trip, when this assault was made
on him. He had run on the other road seven
months without assault. He was appointed
on the other road to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the resignation of Gill. On exam-
ining the records of the Department no other
application is found to fill Gill's vacancy.
There was no other applicant so far as the
Post Office Department knows. Mr. Gibson
was appointed immediately upon the resigna-
tion of Gill, and was the only applicant; and
now all this part of the statement in regard to
his being appointed over Federal soldiers,
who were justly indignant and excited because
their claims were overlooked in behalf of a
negro, falls, unfortunately, to the ground.
Bow, sir, upon whose recommendation was
this colored man appointed? He wasappointed
upon the recommendation of the late Attorney
General, James Speed, and Colonel Wharton,
the United States district attorney for Ken-
tucky. I will ask the Secretary to read what
Mr. Wharton says in regard to this man.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Louisville. Kentucky, June 27,1870.
Sib; I take pleasure in recommending Mr. W. H,
Gibson as a suitable person to be employed in the
postal service as route, agent. He has been for sev-
eral years engaged in teaching the colored children
of this city.
■ During the war he devoted much of his time in
recruiting colored soldiers for the Union Army and
to earing for the wives and children of soldiers and
leMr.etHbson is a man of intelligence and integrity.
X feel assured that he will discharge tho duties ot
the place he seeks with efficiency and integrity and
to the entire satisfaction of the
Very respectfully, G- C. WHA1UCL\.
Colonel A. H. Mabkland.
Mr. MORTON. I have Mr. Speed's letter
to the same effect. One will answer for both.
That is the character of this man. He was
engaged in recruiting for the Federal Army in
the city of Louisville during the war ; he was
a school-teacher; and Ihave herealetter from
him written to the Department which in point
of elegant chirography and in point of style
will compare favorably with any letter I have
seen for some time past.
Now, to show the condition of things along
that road, I will ask the Secretary to read the
report of the local mail agent from Louisville
who was sent over the road the next day.
They did not dare to send Gibson back because
he would be murdered; but Mr. Green, a white
man, was sent over the road the next day ; and
I ask the attention of the Senate to his report
to show the condition of feeling along that
route, and what chance Gibson would have
stood for his life if he had gone back the next
day.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Deak Sie: On the 27th of January, 1871, the-day
after the attack made on the mail agent on the Lex-
ington and Louisville railroad was made, 1 made
atrip to Lexington in the capacity of route agent,
and to iny great surprise I found at nearly every
depot crowds of excited men apparently waiting lor
the return of W. H. Gibson, the agent who had the
day before been attacked at Benson station. They
crowded anxionsly to the door of the mail-room,
apparently very much excited, inquiring for the
mail agent; but when informed that I had charge
of the mail they retired, some using profane and
insulting language, and very much disappointed that
there was no person there upon whom they could
wreak their vengeance. At one place, midway,a
man boarded the car and inquired for the mail
agent. The baggage master told him that the mail
agent was a white man, and he retired very much
disappointed. I was told that he was a very des-
perate man; his name I did not learn.
On my return the excitement had partially cooled
down, but there were still large crowds assembled,
and in my judgment^. H. Gibson could not have
made another trip on the road and returned alive
without protection fiom soldiers.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. C.GREEN",.
Local Agent at Louisville.
General A. H. Mabkland, General Superintendent
Southwestern Mail Service.
Mr. MORTON. That is the evidence of the
white agent sent over the route the next day,
showing that when news had been received
along the line of the attempt and the failure to
assassinate this colored mail agent, on the
next day the Ku Klux at every station flocked
to the cars, inquired for this man indignantly,
and would undoubtedly have killed him if they
had found him. But he was not there, the
white agent having been sent in his stead.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask the Senator
if this black agent did not continue to go on
the train some time after that?
Mr. MORTON. Not as I understand. He
did afterward, but with a guard of soldiers.
Mr. STEVENSON. Do I understand the
Senator to say that this black mail agent never
went after the 27th of January?
Mr, MORTON. I do not say so. I do
understand that he went.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then let me ask whether
he was ever assaulted again?
Mr. MORTON. I do understand that he
went afterward, bat he went with a guard.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. He went with a guard of
ten Federal soldiers. That guard was put on
because in the judgment of the railroad com-
pany, as I shall show by reference to the action
of the company and the postmasters along the
line, he could not go in safety without a
guard; but the next day when there was no
guard the white man went. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, I have here the notice published by the
railroad company in regard to this transaction.
I will not take the time to read it all, but they
call on the people along the road to protect
tho officers of the Government, and they say
in regard to this mail agent:
"The mail agent recently assaulted on this road
has been acting for months in the same capacity on
tho Lebanon branch of the Louisville and JN ashville
railroad, where he has conducted himself with aa
much propriety and performed his duties with as
much satisfaction to the residents as any agent here-
tofore serving on that road."
This is signed by Samuel Gill! the superin-
tendent of the road. I would like to read it
all, but I have hardly the time.
Now, to show the opinion entertained by
those who are well informed along the line Wk
to the existence of these organizations, and
wilh what safety this man could go afterward,
I will submit to the Senate a dispatch sent by
the postmistress at Lonisville, Mrs. General
Porter. It is sent to the Second Assistant
Postmaster General. I ask to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Locisville, Kentucky.
March 16,1871.
Hon. Giles A. Smith :
I do not think Route Agent Gibson would be safe in
charge of mails on Louisville and Lexington rail-
road, unless protected by a guard of soldiers.
L. M. PORTLR,
Postmistress.
Mr. MORTON. Ihave aletter here from Mrs.
Porter to the same effect, written to the special
mail agent, but as it is of the same tenor, it
is not worth while to take the time of the Sen-
ate by reading it. I will now ask that the let-
ter from the postmaster at Frankfort, on the
same subject, be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Post Office, jFraxkfort, Kentucky,
March 2,1871.
Sir: Yours of the 27th ultimo, inquiring my "views
as to the probable safety of the Department's agents
on the Louisville and Lexington railroad should
the guard be withdrawn," is received. In reply I
have the honor to state that Route Agent Gibson
could not remain oa that road without a guard, Ho
would not live three days. In fact he is by no means
safe with a guard. I have conversed with police
officers, both State and Federal, who have been
examining into the operations of the Ku Klux on
this road, and with citizens generally, and they all
express the above opinion. . .
There is an organized band of ruffians living along
this ruad from North Benson to Pleasureville, (ex-
tending to the left to Clny's Yillage,and on the right
by Jacksonville to the Kentucky river,) who defy ail
authority. It would he no punishment to these ruf-
fians to discontinue the mail route; they most likely
would be pleased to see it discontinued. If you wilt
permit me to suggest, I would say that I would take
the agent off the road, abolish the way mail, discon-
tinue all of the depot offices between this and La-
grange except Eminence, and all between here and
Lexington, except Midway and Payne's Depot.
One pouch could supply Eminence and New Castle,
the county seat cf Henry county, one Midway ana
Versailles, and one Payne's and Georgetown. These
pouches could go in charge of the baggage-master as
they now come to this office on the evening tram
from Louisville and the morning train from Lexing-
ton. From Lagrange to Louisville could be supplied
by the trains going to Cincinnati. The offices thus
deprived of mail are of very little consequence, and
not worth the expense of an agent at any time, and
the people in their vicinities would still be near
enough to other offices to not bemuch inconvenienced
thereby, except just in the Ku Klux neighborhood,
from North Benson to Pleasurcville.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant. _
JAMES G. HATCIIILL,
Postmaster.
General Giles A. Smith,
0 Second, Assistant Postmaster General.
Mr. MORTON. Now I will ask the Secre-
tary to read the opinion from the postmaster
at Lexington, Kentucky. A letter was written
from Washington, and the reply to it was in
the form of an indorsement, which I ask to
have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Lexington, Kentucky, March 2,1871.
Respectfully returned with the opinion that the
present route agent, Gibson, would not be sate on
the Louisville and Lexington railroad if the guard
is removed, but if the guard is withdrawn I would
advise that the mails on that road be di&eontinueo.
Such a course on the part of Department would
bring the people on the road and the Legislature
(now in session) to their senses sooner than any other
measure would do. The dignity of the Government
should be maintained at all hazards, and for that
reason 1 hope that Gibson will be retained on toat
route with the assurance from the State authorities
that ho will be protected or the mails be withdrawn
from the entire road. _ r
S. W. PRICE, Postmaster.
