1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
Mr. MORTON. I will now submit a dis-
patch from Colonel A. II. Markland, special
mail agent for the State of Kentucky, to the
Postmaster General, and ask to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Louisville, Kentucky, March 3,1871.
J.A.J. Creswkll, Postmaster General:
To prevent violcnceand bloodshed, the mailsliave
been withdrawn from the Lexington road.
A. II. MARKLAND, .
ylssf. Sit fit. S. M. S., Foiu tk District.
Mr. MORTON. 1 now submit a dispatch
from the United States marshal for the State
of Kentucky, General EH H. Murray, to Gen-
eral Terry, commanding in Kentucky, on the
same subject..
The Chief Cletk read as follows:
Frankfort, Kentucky, March 2,1871.
General Terry, Commander, or Colonel A. H. Mark-
land, Louiftoillc Hotel:
Trouble isapprehended. It issuggested to doublo
the guard on the mail train on to-morrow.
ELI 11. MUK11AY,
United States Marshal for Kentucky.
Mr. MORTON. I have an extract here from
the Hopkinsvilie New Era, I believe a promi-
nent country Democratic newspaper in Ken-
tucky., I will not take time to read it, but I
will say that it recognizes the condition of
things as has been described, and justifies the
Government in withdrawing the mails.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. That is about
one hundred and fifty miles from Frankfort,
south.
Mr. MORTON. I do not think that weak-
ens it any. If the condition of things down
about Ilopkinsville is much like it is along the
line of this road I do not think it improves
the case for Kentucky very much.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. At Ilopkins-
ville they cannot speak for Frankfort.
Mr. MORTON. Now I will ask to have the
special message of the Governor of Kentucky,
the present Senator, read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
State of Kentucky, Executive Department,
Frankfort, Januaty 31, 1871.
' Gentlemen of the Senate and Rouse of Representatives :
A rumor reached mo three dayq ago that an at-
tempt at personal violence upon the mail agent on
the downward train of the Lexington and Louis-
ville railroad h.sd been made on the 26th instant,
by some unknown person or persons, at North Ben-
son depot, in Shelby county.
I waited ad ly, hoping that some official statement
would be made to me of this reported act of vio-
lence.
Receiving none, I directed the adjutant general
of the State to dispatch some reliable agent to North
Benson, ascertain the facts attending the alleged
assault, and report immediately. My request was
promptly complied with, and I now transmit the
written report of the adjutant general touching
this attempted assault upon the mail agent at that
place.
No recommendation from me is necessary, I trust,
to call forth piomptly from you an indignant rebuke
of thia open violation, both of the laws of the Uni-
ted States and those of Kentucky.
You owe it to both Governments promptly to enact
(such laws aswill tend to the captureoftheoffcndcrs,
and certainly prevent the recurrence of any attempt
in the future by bad men upon any officer or agent
of the Federal or State Government.
As the Chief Magistrate of this Commonwealth I
have no power to tuke any step under the present
law for the arrest or apprehension of these lawless
offenders upofi one of the most important agencies
ot the United States Government.
I do not possess the power to offer a reward for
their apprehension, unless requested to do so by the
civil authorities of the county within whose terri-
torial limits the alleged offense was committed. I
have no authority to order out either a civil poaie or
a militia force tor the arrest of these men, except at
the requestof the civil authority, and none buch has
been made upon me.
The highest and most solemn duty of the General
Assembly is to apply some prompt corrective to the
increasing spirit of insubordination to law, and the
open and daring attempts by bad men at its over-
throw. I have too recently expressed at length my
' opinion on this subject to require repetition.
If our present laws are defective, amend them.
If new ones are demanded by public exigencies,
promptly enact them. If the means and agencies
lor the execution of the laws arodefective and inef-
ficient, then supply them, and confer upon the State
officials charge.1 with their execution discretion and
authority to enforce obedience.
The Constitution of the United States, which cre-
ated the Government of the Union, has made it
wholly independent of the States for the execution
of the p owers assigned to it. Its means are adequate
to its ends. It looks, therefore, to tio State govern-
ment or State agency lor the accomplishment of its
constitutional objects.
But, while this is true, it is the paramount duty
of every State in the Amcrtoan Union to iond their
prompt and ready assistance for the protection and
safe accomplishment of all constitutional ends of
tho Federal Government within their territorial
limits. If bad men seek to embarrass or obstruct
such agencies, lot the State authorities be as ready
as those of the United States to bring such offenders
to punishment. Such has alw.iys been the action of
Kentucky in the past, and such, I doubt not, will it
bo in the future. j_ STEVENSON.
Mr. MORTON'. Mr. President, I again call
the attention of the Senate to the description
of the condition of Kentucky as given in this
special message, to the general statements that
are there made, and to the fact that those
statements do not look to tho existence of
only half a dozen cases in three years and a
half, but recognize the general prevalence of
crime, a general condition of lawlessness and
disorder that defies the power of the civil
authorities. The Governor says in his mes-
sage :
" Tho highest and most solemn duty of tho General
Assembly is to apply some prompt corrective to the
increasing spirit of insubordination to law and tho
open and daring attempts by bad men at its over-
throw."
Not "the open attempt" in this case, but
"the open attempts by daring and bad men"
to overthrow the law. What broader, what
clearer, or more comprehensive recognition
could be given of the desperate condition of
Kentucky, as described by the Senator from
Ohio, than has been given by its distinguished
Senator while he was acting as its Governor?
As I did not write this message I am not
responsible for it. I take it as I find it. I
take them both as I find them, and I say that
they are in perfect accord, so far as I under-
stand it, with all the evidence we have had in
regard to the condition of Kentucky for the
last eighteen months; and here as late as the
31st day of January last we are told solemnly,
by its distinguished Governor, that violence
and lawlessness were on the increase.
Mr. President, if I understood the Senator
in his remarks awhile ago, he said that this
man Hodges who had furnished the statement
to his adjutant general was the postmaster-—-
Mr. STEVENSON. I say I find a man
named Hodges in the Blue Book as postmaster
there.
Mr. MORTON. A man who is named Hodges
is put down as postmaster in the Blue Book.
I did not think particularly to inquire about
that of the Postmaster General, but the man
named as postmaster in the Blue Book is Mr.
G. H. Hodges, I believe ; and this man is H.
C., possibly a cousin or a brother. The state-
ment made by Mr. Hodges himself shows very
clearly the combination and the purpose ; but
I want to say one thing in regard to the post-
masters all along that line, that, except in the
principal towns, they are all under terror.
They dare not tell the truth, even to the Gov-
ernor of the State, if it is to be published, and
they have letters now in the Post Office De-
partment, some of which I have seen, in which
they ask that their communications shall be
regarded as confidential, because they will cost
them their lives if they are published.
Mr. STEVENSON. This Mr. Hodges knew
that his statement was to be published, and
that my object in sending the adjutant gen-
eral was to get at the facts to communicate
them to the Legislature.
Mr. MORTON. And the very knowledge
that his statement was to be published was the
very reason why he should make it rose-colorcd
and not give offense to the murderous Ku Klux
along the line; for, as I say, there are letters
on file from officers along this line in which
the truth is told, but which are confidential,
the writers saying that if it was known that
they had written such letters their lives would
pay the penalty.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator has ar-
raigned the State government of Kentucky.
1 should like, as he is the spokesman of the
Postmaster General and his subordinates, to
know why that Department allowed over a
month to elnpse, from the26thday of January
until the 3d day of March, with the man known
in the neighborhood, the locality pointed out
as it, is by the documents the gentleman him-
self has read, why the Postmaster General and
his subordinates did not, with a Federal court
sitting in Louisville, arrest him, try him, pun-
ish him, and let the world know what his
politics were ?
Mr. MORTON. Ah, Mr. President, right
there is the rub; I do not understand that they
do know him, but if the Senator says that he
is known, I will put the question to him, why
has he not been punished by the courts of
Kentucky for the simple assault and battery?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know him;
but I find in a paper that you had read just
now that the locality of these bad men is
known; the very place is pointed out; and
our press, the Louisville Ledger, states pub-
licly that this man's name was known to the
Federal authorities at Louisville.
Mr. MORTON. That does not prove it be-
cause the Louisville Ledger asserts it—a paper
established, as I understand, in opposition to
the Louisville Courier-Journal because that
paper has evinced certain liberal tendencies.
But what is the evidence here? The letter
read shows that in certain localities there are
combinations of bad men. Does that prove
that he lived in any one of these localities?
If so, which one, or what is his name? Where
is the evidence that his name is known? And
I again put the question to the Senator, if this
man's name is known, or if he can be found
out, why have not the courts of Kentucky
punished him for the simple assault and bat-
tery? That was a violation of the State laws.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is the gentleman cer-
tain that they have not investigated it?
Mr. MORTON. I am not certain that they
have not investigated, but I am certain that
they have not punished.
Mr. STEVENSON. But the Federal grand
jury have investigated it, and why have they
kept their action secret?
Mr. MORTON. I do not know that they
have investigated it. I do not know that they
have got any evidence as to it; atid I take it
the Senator has not got it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Was this man a dis-
guised man? Was he not known? Why have
they not exerted themselves? Why has not
your Federal Government used its power ?
You blame us. I have done all my duty as a
State officer, and I have nothing to take back
from what I said in any of my messages. But
here is an assault on a Federal officer. You
had Federal soldiers and Federal judges and
Federal marshals who had time to telegraph
to the Post Office Department here, but did
not attempt to arrest this man and bring him
to justice for an act of violence upon one of
the most important Federal agencies of the
Government.
Mr. MORTON. The argument is that the
Federal Government should know who he is.
I ask if the witness that you summoned through
your adjutantgeneral, Mr. H. C. Hodges, knew
who he was? Did he not tell you that he did
not know who he was; and if hedid not know
who the man was, how should the Federal Gov-
ernmentknow it? The Senator insists that the
Federal Government must know who he is,
but the State authorities do not know who he
is and cannot find out.
Mr. STEVENSON. Judge Bruce seems to
know it, and Judge Bruce is oply a circuit
judge ; and if he knows it and is so anxious
to punish it, why are the Federal offioers all
silent, all inactive, and all passive?
Mr. MORTON. Judge Bruce knows that
there are combinations of bad men in that
