1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Tariff on Foreign Coal.
Ho. of Beps
currents, is submitted, respectfully, to show that
Nova Scotia coal sold in 1804 for fourteen dol-
bus per ton, and in 1805 for the unreason-
able, nay, enormous, price of eighteen dollars
per ton, when, it will be remembered, that by
reason of the war, coal from the Maryland and
West Virginia mines could not be sent to the
sea-board in quantities sufficient to rule, as it
always regulated, the price of this foreign im-
portation. This last table is submitted also to
show that the glowing anticipations of future
prospects for the stockholders of the Pictou
company, displayed on the face of the report
of one of the officers of the company from
which we have quoted, are not without solid
foundations to rest upon. From this table it
appears that Nova Scotia coals sold in the
Boston market at prices ranging from $7 25
to §8 75 in 1869, an average, say, of $7 78 per
ton. Now, if we take $2 55 per ton as the cur-
rency price intended by the report we have
quoted from the officer of the Pictou company,
as paid by the shipper at the Pictou wharf, and
add to it $2 00 currency as the average freight
to Boston, and $1 25 gold (say $1 00 currency)
duty on the same, we have the Pictou coal in
the Boston market at a cost of $6 75 per ton,
giving to the Boston dealer a profit of $1 03
per ton on coal that has already paid the pro-
vincial miner a profit of $1 65. And if these
figures, taken from authentic public documents,
are to be relied upon, it does not appear very
manifest that further legislation by Congress
is necessary to encourage a'n increase of wealth
and am increase of population in a British prov-
ince, that the coal companies of that province
may regulate the price of bituminous coals in
the United States.
Looking to these carefully collected facts, it
is not easy to perceive any public advantage
to be gained by a repeal or reduction of this
coal duty. It is very clear that the price of
anthracite coal would not be affected by such
a measure. That coal does not, in burning,
load the atmosphere as bituminous (gas-coal)'
and semi-bituminous (steam-coal) will with
sulphurous odors and dark-colored dust, and
on chat account stands unrivaled as a fuel for
domestic purposes.
The reasons for the preference of this coal
will become obvious to all who look upon the
neat, cleanly appearance of inanimate objects
in Philadelphia, where anthracite coal is gen-
erally used, and have seen the sooty, dark ap-
pearance of buildings, inside and outside, in
Pittsburg, where bituminous coal is used to a
great extent, not only for manufacturing, but
ior domestic purposes also.
The price of anthracite must be regulated
by the multiplication of the numbers who may
compete in mining for such coal in Pennsyl-
vania, and it would seem to be equally clear
that a repeal of this duty would uot reduce
the price of bituminous coal permanently. It
would place our citizens who mine bituminous
coal inside of the jurisdiction of the United
States, and who are contributing as tax-payers
and as consumers of tariff and excised com-
modities to the wants of our Treasury, at the
mercy of other citizens of the United States,
who, as stockholders in the New York, Bos-
ton, and Maine companies, are expending
capital, congregating skilled laborers, ana
building up an industry in Nova Scotia, out-
side of our jurisdiction and beyond the reach
of tax-gatherers of the United States. If the
duty be repealed, these speculators in Nova
Scotia coal may leave the ruling price of steam
and gas-coals as they now are, and share
among themselves that $500,000 annually now
flowing into the United States Treasury from
impovtations of coal. Or they may diminish
for a season their present large profits, cause
the price of bituminous coal to fluctuate in the
Atlantic cities until miners of that article in
the United States are compelled to abandon
an uncertain business, and our skilled laborers
have congregated in a British province. And
thereupon we may have reproduced the prices
of 1804-65, when communication between the
Maryland mines and the sea-board was inter-
rupted, and dividends, ranging from forty to
one hundred and twenty per cent, on capital
employed, were realized by provincial coal
operators who then had our Atlantic markets
for bituminous coal at their mercy.
These parties have no right to expect that
the legislation of the country will be thus sub-
servient to their interests. Having taught us
what we inay expect in the future by their
exorbitant prices in the past, they have no
right to expect that our laws will be so framed
as to make the price of this commodity depend
upon their caprice or cupidity. They have
purchased, at very low rates, leases on coal
lands outside of our jurisdiction ; and it is
unreasonable to expect that Congress will so
shape its legislation as to augment immensely
the value of their investments. These citizens
of the United States know now, and did know
when they purchased these coal leases and paid
their money for them into a foreign Treasury,
that we have a heavy debt to pay, that a tariff
on imports is a popular mode of raising rev-
enue to pay that debt, and ought not to expect
that for their benefit no part of the burden of
that debt will be laid upon foreign coal, which
certainly is not so generally consumed as other
commodities which are subjected to very high
duties.
The committee have said, and reiterate the
declaration, that the duty on coal cannot be
considered as above the revenue standard, and
is not obnoxious to objections which may be
urged against the duties imposed on manufac-
tures of which iron, wool, and cotton are com-
ponents of principal value.
To illustrate this, we invite attention to the
following statement, showing the rates of duty
under the present tariff, payable in gold:
On woolen cloths and shawls, 30 cents per
pound and 35 per cent., equal to 05 to 70 per
cent, ad valorem.
On clothing, balmoral skirts, and skirtings,
50 cents per pound and 40 per cent., equal to
70 to 75 per cent, ad valorem.
On webbings, bindings, braids,fringes, gimps,
&c., 50 cents per pound and 50 per cent., equal
to 75 to 85 per cent, ad valorem.
On carpets—Saxony, Wilton, Tournay, vel-
vet, 70 cents per square yard and 35 per cent.,
equal to 100 to 120 per cent, ad valorem.
On carpets—Brussels, &e., 44 cents per square
yard and 35 per cent., equal to 80 to 100 per
cent, ad valorem.
On ginghams and other light goods, cotton-
ades and pantaloon stuffs, not over 100 threads,
6 J cents per square yard and 10 per cent., equal
to 95 per cent, ad valorem.
On ginghams, not over '200 threads, 6} cents
per square yard and 15 per cent., equal to 85
per cent, ad valorem.
On ginghams, over 200 threads, 7J cents per
square yard, and 15 per cent., equal to 75 per
cent, ad valorem.
On trace chains, per pound, 2] cents, equal
to 80 per cent, ad valorem.
On iron squares, G cents per pound, and 30
per cent., equal to from 90 to 120 per cent.
ad valorem.
On hollow-ware, 3J cents per pound, equal
to from 100 to 200 per cent, ad valorem.
On sheet-iron, 3 eents per pound, equal to
from 125 to 140 per cent, ad valorem.
On iron-ware, 2 cents per pound, and 15 per
cent., equal to from 65 to 75 per cent, ad
valorem.
On coffee, equal to 47J per cent, ad valorem.
On tea, equal to 78J per cent, ad valorem.
Ou bituminous coal, at $1 25 per ton, ig
given in the report of Bureau of Statistics as
being equal to an ad valorem duty of 39J per
cent.; but thismust have been calculated .upon
the lowest market prices.
Taking the average market prices for the
year 1809 at point of shipment and average
cost of transportation, we find the duty of
$1 25 per ton to be equal to an ad valorem '
duty of 29| per cent.
We have selected from the list of dutiable
articles to be found in the tariff laws the com-
modities named in this table, that the contrast
between the amountof duty imposed upon coal
and the amount levied on the other articles
enumerated may be seen at a glance, and that
we maybe prepared to judge of the reasonable-
ness of those capitalists who are manufacturing
the articles here enumerated, in urging .the
repeal of the duty on coal as a means of re-
ducing the price of that commodity, and of
advocating, at the same time, the continuance
of duties ranging from sixty to two hundred per
cent, ad valorem asa measure to cheapen these
articles also. It must not be said that coal,
when offered in market, is not a manufactured
article, and must on that account be placed
outside of the pale of the protecting policy of
the Government. Coal in the seams, where
by the hand of nature it was deposited, is a
raw material; but after it has been manipulated
through the instrumentality, in the hands of
man, of the pick, the drill, the sledge, and the
shovel—has been changed in form and adapted
to the wants of man by skill and labor—it
would be an obvious misapplication of terms
to speak of it as a raw material.
The clay of which a brick is formed is a
raw material; but after it has been kneaded,
molded, and fashioned, by skill and labor, for
useful purposes, it is not considered a misno-
mer to speak of it as a manufacture or to style
the brick-makera manufacturer. Atallevents,
all the articles enumerated in this table are
the products of domestic industry; and, being
such, are equally entitled to the fostering care
of Congress. We can, indeed, insist that no
product of domestic industry presents so high
a claim to governmental attention as that
which is the mainspring, which, under the in-
fluence of modern invention, puts in motion
all the machinery of our manufacturing estab-
lishments which are worked by steam, sends
gliding over our railroads engines drawingtraius
of cars loaded with products of agriculture
and manufactures, and makes our steamships,
whether built for warlike or peaceful purposes,
" walk the water like a thing of life." Look-
ing to the vast importance now of this best
generator of steam yet discovered, and of its
incalculable value when our forests have been
swept away by the advancing wave of cultiva-
tion, we have cause to be grateful to the
Author of every good and perfect gift for the
inexhaustible supply of bituminous coal with
which the bountilul hand of nature has blessed
our land. Although the extent of the coal
deposit of the United States has not been fully
ascertained, we know that explorations already
made have unveiled the hidden deposits of
this indispensable agent of man so far as to
justify statisticians in estimating that the coal-
fields of our country extend over an area of
more than 000,000 square miles, or 884,000,000
acies. And if the estimate of 0,000 tons of
coal per acre be correct, we have 2,304,000,-
000,000 tons of coal to supply throughout all
the ages the hundreds of millions of human
beings who are to fill up the continental out-
lines of this magnificent Republic.
This great hidden value of our country,
instead of being ignored in the legislation of
Congress, demands fostering governmental
care for its development, that, it may be com-
mensurate with the requirements of all the
pursuits of the population of our country,
agricultural, mechanical, manufacturing, and
commercial, in the colossal proportions which
this people must attain in every branch of
