THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken $ and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 102> not voting
50 5 as follows z.
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby. Bingham. George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cook, Cotton, Creely, Dorman, Dueil, Bunnell,
-Barnes, Elliott, Charles Foster, Garfield, Halsey,
George E.Harris,Haven?, Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Lamport, Lowe, May-
nard, McKee, Mercur, Merriam. Monroe, Morphis,
Negley. Orr. Palmer, Isaac C.Parker, Peck. Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Ellis H. Rob-
erts, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger. Shoe-
maker, H.BoardmanSmith.John A. Smith, Thomas
J. Speer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Taffe,
Thomas, Turner. Twichell, Tyner, Wakeman, Wal-
den, Wallace, •Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of In-
diana, Jeremiah M.Wilson, and John T. Wilson—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James
G. Blair, Braxton, Bright. James Brooks, Buffinton,
Caldwell, Campbell, Comingo, Cox. Critcher, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Duke, Eldridge. Ely, Farnsworth,
Farwell. Finkelnburg, Forker, Frye, Garrett. Gol-
laday, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale. Hambleton, Hand-
ley, Harmer, Harper, JohnT. Harris. Hawley, Hay,
John W. Hazloton, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman,
Kendall, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison, Lansing,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall. McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, McHenry, Mclutvre, McJunkin, MeKin-
ney, MeNeely. Benjamin F. Meyers. Moore, Nib-
lack, Hosca W. Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland,
Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Scofield,
Sheldon. Sherwood. Shober, Slater, Slocum. Sloss,
Snyder, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, TntYill,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Washbuin, Y/c*!i.«,
Whitthorne, Willard, Williamsof New Yen k, W'^ol,
and Young—102.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Bank- 13'nchard,
RoderickR-.Butler,Carroll.Clarke,Crebc, Cn -
Darrall, De Large, Dox, DuBose, Edwards, Henry
D. Foster, Getz, Haldeman. Hanks,Ketcham. Killin-
ger. Lynch, MeCrary, McGrew, Merrick, Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer,
Pendleton, Potter, Rainey, John M. Rice, Rogers,
Rusk, Seeley, Worthington C. Smith. 11. Milton
Speer, Stevens, Stowell, St. John. Sypher. Dwight
Townsend. Washington Townsend, Upson, Voorhees,
Waldron, Walls, Warren, and Winchester—50.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
agreeing to the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] on
which the yevas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CONGER. I made a motion some
time ago to strike out the preamble.
Mr. DAWES. May not the preamble be
voted on separately?
The SPEAKER. A division can be made
of the preamble and resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I call for a division.
( Mr. BU-CKLEY. Would a motion to ad-
journ be now in order?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Then I make that motion.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, it was not agreed to—ayes twenty-
nine, noes not counted.
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois
debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] having called
for. a division of the preamble and resolution,
the preamble will be last voted on. The ques-
tion is now on the resolution, which the Clerk
will again report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate permitting,) That this House,
when it adjourns on (Monday next, will adjourn
till the first Monday in December next, at eleven
o'clock a. m.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in theaffirinative—yeas 113, nays 68, not voting
46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Brck, Bell, Biggs, Bird. Austin Blair, James
G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Buffinton,
I ■in n.wl Cn.ldurAil (liivvtitknll 11 /"i-, ™~
ixriffitli. Hale, Hambleton, Handley, Harper, George
E. Harris, John T. Harris. Ilawley, Hays, Hereford,
Htbbard, Ho Ira an, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham. Ki.Bg,
Kinsella, Lnmison, Landing, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland. McCormick, McHenry, Mc-
Intyre, McJunkin, McKinney, MeNeely, Benjamin
J?. Meyers, Moore, Morphis, Niblack, Hosea W.
Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland. Price, Randall,
Bead, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Wjlliam R. Roberts,
•Robinson, Roosevelt, Scofield. Sessions, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss,
Snyder, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump.Vaughan,Waddell, Wal-
dron, Washburn, Wells, Whitthorne, Willnrd, Wil-
liams of New York, Wood, and Young—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Avenll, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham,G«orgeM. Brooks, Burdott, Benja-
min F. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cotton,
Creely, Be Large. Donnan, Duel!, Dunnell, Eames,
Elliott, Charles Foster, Garfield, Halsey, Havens,
Gerry W.Hazleton. John W.Hazleton, Hill, Hooper,
Kelley, Lowe, McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe,
Orr. Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Aaron F.Perry, Piatt. Porter. Prindle, Rainey, Ellis
H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Shanks, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith/Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Taffe, Thomas, Turner,
Twichell, Tyner, Wakeman, Waldcn, Wallace,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—68.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Buckley,
Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Crebs, Crossland, Dar-
rall, Henry D. Foster, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hanks,
Harmer. Hay, Hoar, Killinger, Lamport, Lynch,
Maynard, MeCrary, McGrew, Merrick, Mitchell,
Leonard Morey, Morgan, Myers, Negley, Packer,
Pendleton, Perce, Potter, John M. Rice, Rogers,
Seeley, Shellabarger, Worthington C. Smith, R.
Milton Speer, Stowell, St. John. Dwight Townsend.
Washington Townsend, Upson, Voorhees, Walls,
Warren, and Winchester—46.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is nest on
agreeing to the preamble.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
80, noes 68.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts and Mr.
COGGER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOWE. Let the preamble be again
reported.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the Senate has adopted a resolution de-
claring that the Senate will consider at the present
session no other legislative business than the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, the concurrent resolution
for a joint committee of investigation into the con-
dition of the States lately in insurrection, and the
resolution now pending instructing the Committeo
on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that will en-
able the President and the courts of the United States
to execute the laws in said States, and the report
that may be made by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary on that subject, thereby refusing to consider
any business which may originate in the House of
Representatives: Therefore.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is exactly the
language of the Senate resolution, word for
word.
Mr. CONGER. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 72, not voting
54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James
G. Blair, Braxton, James Brooks, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Comingo, Cox, Critcher, Davis, Dawes,
Dox, DuBose, Duke. Edwards, Eldridge, Ely, Farns-
worth, Farwell, Finkclnburg, Forker, Garfield,
Garrett, Getz, Goiladay, Griffith, Hale, Hamble-
ton, Handley, Harper, John T. Harris, Hawley,
Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham, King, Kinselia, Lamison. Leach, Lewis,
Manson. Marshall, McClelland, McCormick. Mc-
Henry, Mclntyre, McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Moore, Niblack, Hosea W.Parker, Eli
Perry, Peters, Price. Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts. William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Scefield, Sheldon, Sherwood,
Shobor, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Snyder, Stevens,
Storm, Sutherland, Swann, Terry, Tuthill, Van
Trump, Vaughan. Waddell, Waldron, Wells, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Williams of New York, Wood, and
Young—101.
NAxS—Messrs. Averill. Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham. George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cook. Cotton, Croely, Dc Large, Donnan,
Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Frye, Halsey. Har-
mer, George E. Harris, Havens, John W. Hazleton,
Hill. Kelley, Lansing, Lowe, McGrew, McJunkin,
McKee, Merriam, Monroe, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Aaron F. Perry,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Rainey, Rusk, Sawyer, Ses-
sions, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague. Stevenson,
Stoughton, Stowell, Thomas, Turner, Twichell,
Tjner, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Washburn,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John
T. Wilson—72.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Banks, Bright,
Bucklcy, Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Crebs, Cross-
land, Darrall, Dickey, Charles Foster.IIenry D. Fos-
ter, Goodrich, Haldeman. Hanks, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazleton,Hoar,Hooper, Killinger,Lamport, Lynch,
Maynard, MeCrary, Mercur, Merrick, Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers. Packer,
Pendleton, Perce, Potter, Prindle, John k. Rice,
Rogers, Seeley, Shanks, Shellabarger, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, R, Milton Speer, St. John, Sypher,
Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Upson, Voorhees,Walls, Warren, Williamsof Indi-
ana, and Winchester—54.
So the preamble was agreed to.
Daring the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to state that on polit-
ical questions I am paired with Mr. Crebs. I
would liave voted "no" on this vote, and I
suppose he would have voted " ay."
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I desire to state
that I am paired with Mr. Potter, of New
York. I am informed by gentlemen on the
other side of the House that this is considered
a party question, and therefore I do not vote.
I should have voted " no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the votes by which the resolution and the pre-
amble were severally agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ne-
vada [Mr. Kendall] and the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Snyder] ask consent to have
bills taken up from the Speaker's table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, at eighteen minutes past one o'clock,
and reports are in order from the Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask if the bill
for the reissue of national bank notes is not
first in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced
yesterday that that bill would be considered as
coming up after the morning hour. It is strictly
in order now, if the gentleman insists on it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I prefer that we
shall dispose of it.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 177) to provide for a reissue of
national bank notes, and for other purposes.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is of no
use for us to sit here. I move that the House
do now adjourn. We cannot do anything.
We cannot amend the bill; if we should amend
a bill the Senate cannot touch it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe that
I am on the floor, and I desire to say a single
word before I make a motion. I only ask the
House to act upon the question of seconding
the demand for the previous question, and I
shall, consider that a test vote as to whether
they desire to send the bill to the Committee
on Banking and Currency when appointed or
to act upon it. I wish simply to say further
that I think it is due to the House of Repre-
sentatives, here and now, that it determine
whether an active lobby, having an interest in
the printing of the public money, which is
worth to a corporation S300,000 a year 
Mr. WOOD. I call the gentleman to order.
Is debate in order? If it, is, we want both sides
to be heard.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I say that I
think the House ought to act upon this ques-
tion. I demand the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to
debate while demanding the previous question.
At the conclusion of his hour, when the bill
was last before the House, the gentleman de-
manded the previous question, and if the pre-
vious question is seconded it will first operate
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency when appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the bill
on the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
78, noes 69.
