1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that the
motion to lay the bill on the table be with-
drawn until we see whether the previous ques-
tion is seconded or not.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] refuses to allow any
amendments, and if the previous question be
sustained it will cut off amendments. We
want to make the banks pay for the expense
of this reissue, and not saddle it upon the
Government.
Mr. COX. Before the question is taken, I
would ask the gentleman from Ohio to accept
an amendment which is desired by the other
side of the House, to the effect that the cost
of this printing and the execution of these
plates shall be paid out of the Treasury, from
the taxes on the banks.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call the gentleman
to order. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COX. No one is out of order bat you.
Mr. STEVENSON. You are out of order.
The SPEAKER. It is for the Chair to say
who is out of order, and not the gentleman
from Ohio. The gentleman from Ohio is not
the censor upon that question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At the request
of a good many gentlemen I will withdraw
the demand for the previous question to allow
an amendment to be offered, and yield to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I offer the amendment which I
send to the Chair.
Mr. HOLMAN. We do not consent to that.
Mr. RANDALL. We have got an amend-
ment prepared. We do not want an amend-
ment which comes from the friends ofthebill.
Mr. COX. I have prepared an amendment
and I am a friend of the bill, and the gentle-
men themselves are friends of the bill with
this amendment. I ask that my amendment
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Aild to the first section the following proviso :
Provided, That all the expenses of this new issue
snail bo paid out of taxes levied on the national
banks.
[Cries of " No! " "That will not do."]
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the amendment
which I have prepared may be reported.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing
that the amendment which has been read shall
be adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no; that will
not do.
■Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Itisahumbug.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing to
eccept the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that my amendment
be read. It is to add to the first section what
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
The expense of which shall be paid by said national
banking associations in propbrtion to thoil* circula-
tion, at such time and in such manner ,as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe, without refer-
ence to the tax now imposed on such banking asso-
ciations.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the amendment
we want adopted; not the one proposed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing the
House shall vote on the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
mas".] I will not accept it as a part of the
bill, for I have no right to do so.
Mr. COX. That is really what I intended
by the amendment which I offered, and which
was drawn by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.] I will withdraw my amendment,
and accept that of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. STORM. Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] allow me to offer a verbal
amendment to this bill? It is to insert the
word "out" after the word "worn," in the
tenth line of the first section and the fifth line
of the second section of the bill as printed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for that amendment; we have adopted exactly
the words of the law authorizing national
banks, "worn and mutilated," not "worn-
out and mutilated."
Mr. STORM. I beg the gentleman's par-
don ; if he will refer to section twenty-four of
the original act he will see that it reads " worn-
out."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot con-
sent to have that amendment offered. I now
call the previous question on the bill and amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
The question was taken upon laying the bill
upon the table, and it was not agreed to, upon
a division—ayes 39, noes 85.
The question recurred upon seconding the
call for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it in order to move
that this bill be referred to the Committee on
Banking and Curreney when appointed?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pendingthe call for the previous question. The
Chair understood the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to withdraw his motion to refer
when he moved his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is correct.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to renew
the motion to refer pending the call for the
previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope my colleague
[Mr. Garfield] will withdraw his call for the
previous question and let this bill go to a com-
mittee. Some of us do not understand its pro-
visions at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was very
fully considered by the Committee on Banking
and Currency of the last Congress.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—-ayes 04, noes 54.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were—ayes nineteen.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Accordingly, the previous question was sec-
onded.
The main question was then ordered ; the
firstquestion beingupon the amendment moved
bj Mr. IIolman.
Mr. MANSON. On that amendment I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 73,
not voting 50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Averill, Beatty, Beck, Cell, Bird, James G.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Burdett, Ben-
jamin If. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb,
Comingo, Conger, Cook, Cox, Critcher, Davis, Du
Bosc, Duke. Eldridge, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Fin-
kelnburg, Forker, Garrett. Get/,, Golladay, Goodrich,
Griffith. Hale, Handley, Harper, George E. Harris,
John T. Harris, Havens, Hawlev, Hay, Gerry W.
Haaleton, Hereford, Ilibbard, Holman, Kendal!,
Kerr. King, Kinsolla, Lamison. Leach. Lewis. Man-
son, Marshall, McClelland, Mellenry, McKinnoy,
McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Niblaek,
Packard, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Eli
Perry, Price, Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, Ritchie, William Ii. Roberts, Robinson, Roose-
velt. Scofield, Shanks, Sherwood, Shober, Slater,
Sloeum. SIoss, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Suther-
land, Terry. Thomas, Turner, Tyner, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Waddell, "VVells, Wbiteley, Whitlhorne,
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Wood-104. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Barry, Bigby, Bisgs, Bingham,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buttinton,
Burchard, Cotton. Creels'. DeLarge, Honnan, Ducll,
Bunnell, Eames, Edwards, ]?arwell, Charles Foster,
Frye, Garfield, Halsey, Hambleton, Haimei, John
W. Hazleton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Iiel ley, Keteham,
Lamport,Lowe, McCrary, McGrew, Molntyre, Mer-
cur, Alerriam, Monroe, Morey, Ncgley, Orr, Palmer,
Peck, Aaron F. Porry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, I'oncr,
Rainey,Ellis II. Roberts, Sawyer,Sessions, Sheldon,
Shellabarger, Shoemaker. H. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Sprague, Stoughton, Stowoll. Swann,
Washington Townsend.Tu thill, Twicheli.Wakeman,
Walden, Waldron, .Wallace, Washburn, Wheeler,
W uhvrd. Williams of Indiana, and John X. Wil-
son—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Banks. Barber,
RoderickIt. Butler.Clarke.Coburn.Crebs, Cropland,
Darratl, Dawes,Dickey, Dox.Henry D. Foster.Halde-
man. Hanks, Hays, Iullinger, Lansing. Lynch, May-
nard, McCorniick, McJunUin, McKeo, Merrick,
Mitchell, Morgan. Morphis. Leonard Myers, Packer,
Pendleton,Perec, Potter. John M. Riee.Rogers.Rusk,
Seoley, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Speer, St. John, Sypher. Taffe,
DwightTownsend. ITpson.Voarhees, Walls, Warren,
Winchester, and Young—50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be read a third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the bill be
laid on the table, as we cannot have it referred
to the proper committee.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay the bill on the table; and upon a division
there were—ayes 83, noes 42.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Mr. AMBLER called for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The call for the yeas and
nays takes precedence of the call for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were—ayes twelve.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were—ayes fifteen.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The affirmative on ordering the yeas and
nays not being one fifth of the last full vote,
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Accordingly the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF NEBRASKA.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, it was ordered that there be printed
the usual number of copies of the report of
the United States geological survey of Ne-
braska and portions of the contiguous Terri-
tories, made by authority of Congress, under
the direction of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, during the years 1867 and
1808, by F. V. Hayden, United States geol-
ogist.
BRIDGE ACROSS ARKANSAS RIVER.
On motion of Mr. SNYDER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 245) amendatory of
an act authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Arkansas river was taken from the
Speaker's table and read a first and second
time.
The bill provides in the first section that any
bridge whieh shall be constructed as a draw-
bridge, under the act mentioned in the title,
shall be a pivot draw-bridge, with spans of one
hundred and fifty feet in the clear on each side
of the center or pivot pier, and with four fixed
spans of uniform length, which spans may be
placed at an elevation of thirty-six feet or more,
but not less, above low-water mark, measuring
to the lower chord of the bridge. The second
section provides for the repeal af all parts of
the act of which this is amendatory which may
be inconsistent herewith. But it is provided
that the company shall in no way be released
from the provisions of sections five and six of
the act to which this is an amendment. If any
change in the plan of the bridge shall ever be
required by reason of its being an obstruction
to navigation, such change shall be made at
the expense of the company, and the United
States shall never be liable in any way for the
same.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, with which I think the bill will be in
accord with the views of the Committee on
Commerce, who bad the subject under consid-
eration at the last session.
