1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
Mr. COX. I move to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays; and now I move
'jhat the House adjourn.
Mr. ACKER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next at
eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be
entertained.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest to my colleague
that he modify his motion and say Saturday.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
tlie yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn,
because the previous question is demanded by
the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabab-
OKR] who makes the motion that the debate
on the motion that he has made to refer the
communication from the President to a select
committee is debatable in the widest sense.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I rose, having
that in my mind, for the purpose of proposing
to gentlemen upon the other side of the House
to name some reasonable time during which
the motion I have made may be discussed,
dividing the time equitably between the two
sides of the House. If it is agreeable to gen-
tlemen that we shall take a vote upon my
motion at some reasonable day they suggest,
I shall be earnestly in favor of acceding to such
a proposition, and will withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If the gen-
tleman from Ohio will permit me 
Mr. ELD 111 DUE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed that
this conversation was proceeding for the pur-
pose of accommodation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. i object, to debate unless
the previous question is withdrawn.
Mr. SHELLABARGEll. I do not withdraw
it. I only make a suggestion if it is agreeable
to gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. It does not look as if
the gentleman desires debate here, when he
moves the previous question the first thing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin will surely allow the gentleman from
Ohio to make bis proposition.
Mr. ELDRIDG,E. I object to debate unless
he withdraws the previous question.
Mr. SHELLABARGEll. I will, then, for
the purpose of making a statement 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from Ohio, as it relates to the order
of business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He shoula then with-
draw the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not be dic-
tated to on that point. The gentleman from
Ohio is on the floor, not to debate at all, but
to do that which it is the universal custom of
this House to entertain, to make remarksin
. relation to fixing the order of business. Ihe
Chair does not waive the right of any gentle-
man in any motion which has been made, or
will be made, but within brief limits he will
hear the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say that my
right to make objection is unquestionable under
the rule. The gentleman had the power to
debate 
The SPEAKER. He is not debating. He
has a right to make an explanation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist upon my rights
under the rule to object unless he withdraws
the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. Cannot he withdraw the pre-
vious question and hold the floor himself?
The SPEAKER. That, of course, he can do.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is the only right
he has.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I was simply at-
tempting to do what for six years it has been
the practice of the House to permit, to make
a proposition.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now withdraw
the demand for the previous question and re-
tain the floor for the purpose of making a prop-
osition, which I now do, like the one which I
made the other day. As the Speaker sug-
gested, and as we all know, this motion opens
up ip all its largest and most unlimited sense
debate on the subject-matter to which the mes-
sage refers. 1 now propose that by unanimous
consent we fix a day during which we shall
debate the subject-matter of this message,
dividing the time between the two sides of the
House equitably, and so far as I am concerned
I would say equally. If that, then, be agree-
able to gentlemen on the other side, I now
propose that, by unanimous consent, we fix
such reasonable time for debate 
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will the
gentleman allow me a moment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will yield for a
suggestion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think we
cannot agree to the proposition of the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabar-
ger.] I slate so with all frankness, because
we do not agree with him that this is so im-
portant a matter of legislation as many others
that are before the country.
For example, there are some of us who
believe that we are now collecting annually
from twenty to fifty million dollars of taxes
more than are necessary for the support of
this Government. There are others among
us who believe that among the coal miners
and the coal operators and the railroad opera-
tors of the State of Pennsylvania there are dis-
turbance's involving more pelil and damage to
the people of the United States, and to the
great manufacturing and consuming interests
of the country, than are involved in any dis-
turbances which may exist in the southern
country. If the President had sent a message
here embracing all these troubles in all parts
of the United States we should be prepared
then to enter upon some discussion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I must resume
the floor.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow me
a question?
Mr. SHELLABARGEll. A question, yes.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask whether the
gentleman feels authorized to make any prop-
osition for the other side of the House?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I feel authorized
always, in exercising my rights as a member
upon thisfloor, to make any reasonable sugges-
tion to gentlemen on both sides of the House,
and to ask for unanimous consent to any prop-
osition. That authority I have exercised with
all due modesty. And now, as it seems not to
be agreeable to gentlemen upon the other side
to enter upon this debate 
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman from Ohio
will permit me to say one word further.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. WOOD. I will say this: that I do not
think there is any gentleman on this side of
the House that possesses the power that he
assumes to have in speaking for what we con-
cede to be the majority of that side of the
House. I doubt whether any gentleman here
is prepared to make any statement, to reach
any conclusion, to make or to receive any
proposition, which shall be conclusive upon
his political friends.
I will say further, for myself personally,
that I am sure I have no disposition* to shrink
from an investigation of this subject, or to
avoid any discussion of this subject. But I do
think that there are so many other questions
pending before Congress of graver importance
to the people of the United States, that they
should be disposed of by proper legislation in
advance of auy further effort to agitate and
inflame the public mind.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] whether he
now declines to name a time during which we
may debate this subject?
Mr. WOOD. 1 have no power to do so,
Mr. SHELLABARGER. For himself ha
has the power.
Mr. WOOD. For myself individually 
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man state whether he objects to naming the
time during which we may debate this subject ?
Mr. WO.OD. I have no power to speak for
anybody but myself.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. What does the
gentleman say for himself?
Mr. WOOD. I am ready now to act upon
this proposition without any debate at all.
Mr. COX. Allow me to say a word.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. COX. I desire to say to my former
colleague [Mr. Shei.labarger] that after the
remarks which have been made I cannot speak
for any one except myself, only so far as I may
assume to do so from the action which this side
of the House has heretofore taken. This side
of the House has supported the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] not
only in his reasoning, but in his resolutions of
the past ten days, without regard to party affil-
iation, and with a sole view to the tranquilliza-
tion of our southern country.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
ger] who has submitted the pending motion for
the reference of this message made the other
day some very earnest and impressive remarks,
to the effect that he desired a committee of
investigation to be instituted to go down South
and inquire into the facts. He now, with the
same inconsistency (if he will allow me to say
it) in which he indulged the other day, pro-
poses to act in this House upon common clamor,
upon newspaper rumor, tocrystallize into legis-
lation some form of punishment and afterward
to ascertain the facts; to hang the man and
then to find the evidence, to give him a new trial
after he has been convicted and executed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to come to my
conclusion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Come quickly.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I will as quickly as I can drive
it to you. My conclusion is that when we have
in the most solemn manner voted committees
of investigation as the basis of future legisla-
tion, when such resolutions are now pending
between the Senate and House, it is irrational,
il is unkind toward this side of the House to
demand that we should now enter into a dis-
cussion with a view to legislation at this ses-
sion. That is my point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask a single question of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cox.] What " honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts" has the Dem-
ocracy supported?
Mr. COX. I spoke of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
have now submitted to the other side of the
House the proposition that we should unani-
mously consent to fix some not unreasonably
distant day oti which to vote upon this matter,
that we might in the mean time discuss the
question which has been alluded to by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] as a
most grave one. As that proposition is de-
clined, I have nothing further to say _ at this
moment than that the legislation 'pointed to
and invited by the message of the President,
is not invited to proceed upon "clamor." If
it were not unparliamentary I would say that
the remark of the gentleman from New York
was unfit to be made. Why, sir, to-day a
sworn officer of the United States comes to us
