1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Cincinnati and Southern Baihoay—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
structing and maintaining a railway in perpe-
tuity to the Tennessee line, and to expel the
jurisdiction, eminent domain, and sovereignty
of the State of Kentucky from the way, the
railroad, and all its appurtenances, and the
corporation itself to assume those highest pre-
rogatives of sovereignly or not as it may will.
It is not proposed that Congress shall make
it mandatory for this potentially sovereign cor-
poration to execute the powers which an; to be
conferred by this bill, but it is to do 01- not to
do according to its own pleasure. And it is not
to bo the subordinate, serving, perpetual agent
of Congress if it should choose to construct
the road, but is to be governed by the act passed
by the Legislature of Ohio creating it. and is
to be subject to no control by or responsibility
to Congress.
But this question presents itself here: as
Congress lias not the specified or express
power to construct a railroad, does that power
necessarily accrue to it as a means of execut-
ing its specified powers of regulating com-
merce among the States, or declaring war, or
raising and supporting armies?
I have already presented an argument, based
upon other provisions of the Constitution,
oppugning such a power. It was always denied
by a majority of the members of the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution, who have
expressed themselves upon the question ; it
was rejected by Presidents Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, and Polk, all of whom except Jeffer-
son vetoed an act of Congress providing for its
execution. Mr. Madison, in a letter to Edward
Livingston, of date April 17, 1821, says:
" My impression with respect to the authority to
make thom (canals) may be the stronger, perhaps,
(as I had occasion to remark as to the hank, on its
original discussion,) from my recollection that the
authority had been repeatedly proposed in the Con-
vention, and negatived either as improper to bo
vested in Congress, or as a power not likely to bo
yielded by the states. My impression is also very
dccided that it' the construction which brings canals
within the scope of commercial regulations had
been advanced or admitted by the advocates of the
Constitution in the State con ventions, it would havo
been impossible to overcome the opposition to it.
It is remarkablo that Mr. IIa,milton himself, the
strenuouspatronofan expansive mcaningof the con-
stitution, with the views of the convention fresh in
his memory, and in a report contending for tho most
liberal rules of interpretation,was obliged, by his
candor, to admit that they could not embraco tho
case ot canals."
In a letter of Mr. Madison to Martin Van
Buren. of date July 30, 1830, he writes:
"I have, as you know, never considered the powers
claimed for Congress over roads and canals as within
the grants of tho Constitution."
And he repeatedly suggested an amendment
of the Constitution to confer that power upon
Congress. Chief Justice Marshall, in the case
of Gibbons vs. Ogden, (9 Wheaton, 203,) refers
to several classes of State laws as forming " a
portion of that immense mass of legislation
which embraces every thing within the terri-
tory of a State not surrendered to the General
Government; all of which can be most advan-
tageously carried on by the States themselves."
And proceeds:
"Inspections, Quarantine laws, health laws of
every description, as well as laws for regulating the
internal eoramerco of a State, and those which
respect turnpike roads, ferries, <fcc., are component
parts uf 1 his ma^.
"No direct general power over these objects is
granted to Congress, and consequently they remain
subjectto State legislation. It the legislative power
of the Union can rcnch them it must be for national
purposes, it must lie where the power is expressly
given for a specified purpose or is clearly incidental
to some power which is expressly given. It is obvi-
ous that the Government of the Union, in the exer-
cise of its express powers, that, for example, ofrescu-
,lating commerce witi* foreign nations and among
I the States, may use means that may atso be employed
' by aState in the exeiciscof its acknowledged powers,
that, tor example, of regulating conxuicrcc within a
State."
This is the nearest approach which I have
seen and recollect that the great judge makes
to the position that Congress, in the execu-
tion of itspower " to regulate commerce with
foreign nations and among the States," may
construct roads. However, here he does not
assert it, but only that it " may use means that
may also be employed by a State in the exer-
cise of its acknowledged powers," as has been
done from the inauguration of the Government
up to this da,y ten thousand times in the trans-
portation of the m&il along State roads.
He nowhere asserts or suggests that the
jurisdiction, sovereignty, and right of eminent
domain of the States over their own territory
were surrendered by them in the Constitution
to the United States Government for general
or any special purposes; and the universally
admitted absence of any express surrender
of this transcendent, power by the Constitu-
tion, and the admission in that instrument
that it was not as to " the seat of the Govern-
ment of the United States," and as to " forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other
needful buildings," and its expressed requi-
sition of the consent of the States before any
portion of their territory could be applied to
•those vital national objects, was sufficient to
satisfy Marshall and all men that the States
hud not ceded to the Government of the United
States a power that would enable it to absorb
the great mass of their property, territory,
and sovereignty at its pleasure. The Constitu-
tion seems to have been framed by the great
and liberty loving men of the Convention in
the conviction that the good sense, patriot-
ism, and interests of the people of the sev-
eral States would bring them to make cessions
of portions of their soil to the United States
for all constitutional and proper purposes ; as
to regularly elect Senators, Representatives,
and presidential electors, and to perform all
other voluntary duties necessary to continue
the Government and its proper administra-
tion.
The weight of tho whole argument in favor
of the power to construct roads and canals is
much more in its expediency and utility than
in constitutional provisions and logic. Every
intelligent and impartial mind, after a full and
careful examination of the question, will admit
that it is very doubtful whether the Constitu-
tion confers it, and upon this hypothesis Con-
gress should refrain from attempting to exer-
cise it. Congress is the agent, the Constitution
the power of attorney, and the people of the
several States the principal; and all doubtful
questions should be referred by the agent to
the principal, by Congress to the people of the
States in convention. This position has often
been announced by Mr. Madison in relation to
this particular question, and doubtful consti-
tutional questions generally.
But, concedingthat Congress has this power,
what are the agencies and modes by which it
is to be carried into effect?
1. It might proceed directly by its own law,
to be executed by the President, to the con-
struction of a railway, as of a mint, a capitol
building, a navy, a fortress, or light-house.
2. It might give aid in subscribing stock in
State corporations, as in the Potomac and
Ohio Canal Company, the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company, and the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company.
3. It might, by its own law, incorporate a
joint stock company, and authorize it to con-
struct the work.
4. This entirely new idea of deputing to a
corporation created by a State Legislature, all
the powers necessary to enable it to enter into
another State, and upon the lands of its citizens
before condemnation or purchase, to make its
reconnaisances, surveys, calculations, and esti-
mates, to get up competition among rival lines
so as to extort the largest subsidies, for it
allows no subscription of stock except by the
city of Cincinnati, which is to own the whole
of it, and after all this demonstration, the Ohio
corporation may abandon the entire project,
without making any compensation to the land-
holders of Kentucky, whose premises it may
have forcibly entered.
The second mode here pointed out, by tak-
ing stock in State corporations, is the only
one by which the Government of the United
States has ever attempted to exercise any
power, direct or indirect, in the construction
ot roads or canals. The fourth is a brand-
new invention of Ohio birth, that was revealed
to the world- about two years since, and that,
I suppose, had never before entered into mor-
tal imagination, as destitute of authority as
precedent, but affluent in deformity and capa-
city for mischief. I propose to scrutinize some-
what this strange and monstrous new-comer.
Congress has the express, specified power
"to regulate commerce among the several
States," and it is claimed that this " neces-
sarily and properly" implies the further and
incidental power to construct roads and canals,
and that Congress may depute so mudli of this
incidental power to a corporation of Ohio as
to authorize it to construct and to maintain
perpetually a railway across the State of Ken-
tucky in defiance of the opposing will of that
State.
The primary, specified powers, and the inci-
dental, auxiliary powers that exist only to
help in their execution, must exist together.
If the principal power were brought to an end
the incidental would at the same time cease to
exist; they cannot be separated, and as they
would perish together, so must they live to-
gether, and be inseparably combined in the
same hands. An implied power without a
primary one cannot be, and is only to aid in
its execution. Congress is intrusted with the
whole legislative power established by the Con-
stitution, whether by specification or implica-
tion, and it cannot divest itself or depute any
part of its powers, whether they were conferred
in the one form or the other. Congress has no
power to pass a law authorizing a corporation
created by the Legislature of Ohio to regulate
commerce among the other States and Ken-
tucky, nor has it any more power to authorize
that corporation to exercise so much of its
incidental and implied power as would result
from this power to regulate commerce among
the States and give it authority to construct a
railroad in the State of Kentucky.
The powers of Congress are inalienable, and
incommunicable by it to any body or organ-
ization whatever. It cannot sublet to a corpo-
ration created by the Legislature of Ohio, or
to that State, the power to establish "a uni-
form rule of naturalization, and uniform laws
on the subject of bankruptcies;" "to coin
money, regulate the value thereof and of for-
eign coin ;" "to establish postoffices and post
roads;" "to constitute tribunals inferior to
tho Supreme Court," or to execute any other
of its express, specified powers, to the extent
that, those powers might operate in the State
of Kentucky. Nor has Congress in regulating
commerce among the several States, any more
authority to farm out Kentucky to a corpora-
tion of Ohio for the execution of its express
power to regulate commerce between that and
the other States of the Union, or any power
incidental to it. It cannot assign or depute to
a State corporation, or to a State, any one of
its express powers, or any implied powers that
inure to it by the Constitution from its express
powers.
To Congress the Constitution gives the great
trust to designate, organize, and put in opera-
tion the entire mass of implied powers apper-
taining to all the departments and officers of
the Government; and until this is done those
implied powers, however necessary, are in an
embryo state, not quickened into life ; and it
is the obvious and high duty of Congress to
execute this trust as the needs of the Govern-
ment and country may require, and to refer
