246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
from the South covered with the marks of
lashes, gored with the scourge of the murder-
ous clans that infest one half of the Republic.
Yet gentlemen come here and venture to say
that we invite legislation upon mere " rumor"
or " clamor." Mr. Speaker, I go 110 further
with the debate at this time.
Mr. McHENRY. Who is the officer the
gentleman has referred to?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now yield to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] has been pleased
to say that he has supported me in all the sug-
gestions and all the propositions I have made.
The gentleman will bear in mind that while I
have been fully convinced of the importance
of the earliest possible adjournment of this
Congress, and while every proposition I have
submitted to the House has tended directly to
that end, yet I have at all times pledged myself
to cooperate in any legislation which the con-
dition of things in any part of the country may
demand. It is my belief that we ought to
have—as I have no doubt we shall have under
the concurrent resolution pending between the
two Houses—a joint committee of such charac-
ter and composition as will command for its
conclusions as to facts and measures the assent
of all sides in this House and all parties in the
country. At the same time my friend from
New York will recollect that I have stood here
pledging myself to cooperate in any measure
of legislation which would tend to restore
peace to the country. Under these circum-
stances the President of the United States,
whose duty under the Constitution requires
him "from time to time to give to the Congress
information of the state of the Union, and rec-
ommend to their consideration such measures
as he shall judge necessary and expedient,"
has, under the obligations of his oath and his
j sense of duty, submitted to Congress a mes-
i sage, for which he is responsible in the dis-
charge of his duty.
The ordinary proposition is made to refer
that message for consideration to a select com-
mittee of this House in the absence of all reg-
ular standing committees. What less could
be done? What ought we to do less than refer
that message to such a committee, and to
await its candid consideration of its recom-
mendations? I do not understand why any
gentleman on either side of this House shrinks
from such a reference or from such conclu-
sions_ as may be arrived at by a committee
appointed by the Chair under the grave re-
sponsibility of the subject-matter under the at-
tention of this House, to which the President
has in his message invited our consideration.
Why my friend from New York or any other
gentleman shrinks from such a reference I
cannot understand.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to reply to his inquiry?
Mr. DAWES. I wish only to say, in reply
to my friend from New York, that I do not
deviate, in urging upon the House the adop-
tion of the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, one particle from the line which he has
been pleased to say he has given me his sup-
port in following thus far, and in which I have
had the cooperation of a majority of my own
political associates as well as of gentlemen on
the other side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
to me to reply to his inquiry?
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to the gentleman
by the consent of the gentleman from Ohio,
by whose courtesy I hold the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, The gentleman charges
us with shrinking from the appointment of
a committee to consider the message just
received from the President. There is no
such feeling on this side of the House. That
is not the occasion of the motions made which
Seemed to be dilatory. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargbr,] a moment_ after
the message was read, moved to refer it to a
committee, and called the previous question.
It was supposed he intended to act on that.
He had the right to make all the explanation
which he has made without calling the pre-
vious question, all the explanation he desired
in reference to the order of business; but he
called the previous question at once, and the
steps which were taken here were taken be-
cause it was supposed he intended to close
the mouths of gentlemen on this subject.
I will say further to the gentleman that the
step? taken by us were not because of the pro-
posed reference of the message, but because
we think there ought to be committees of this
House, and that this matter should be referred
to a standing committee. We insist it should
not be referred to a special committee or to a
select committee, and if wc are to legislate
here all summer, if we are to continue in ses-
sion, the committees of the House should be
appointed and the regular and appropriate
committee should consider this subject, and
not any select committee made up for the
occasion.
Mr. DAWES. Then I understand the gen-
tleman's first objection is that the gentleman
from Ohio called the previous question, and
alarmed him lest he was going to call for a
vote without discussion. But the gentleman
forgets that the gentleman from Ohio withdrew
his demand for the previous question, and
yielded to tha demand for discussion.
The other objection of the gentleman from
Wisconsin is that he wants the message referred
to a standing rather than to a select commit-
tee. There is no standing committee to which
it can be referred. And is there anything bet-
ter in a standing than in a select committee
appointed for the purpose of considering this
particular subject, which, in the opinion of the
President, is of such groat importance as to
require at his hand a special message ?
Mr. RANDALL. I want it distinctly under-
stood that I do not speak for any one but my-
self ; and I say for one member on this side
that I do not object to any proper reference
of a message of the President of the United
States on any subject upon which he may
choose to speak. I believe, however, that now
is not the time for this discussion at all.
Mr. DAWES. Then let us refer it and wait
for the report.
Mr. RANDALL. For myself I would dis-
cuss the subject when I know what I am to
discuss. When I hear the propositions which
may emanate from the gentlemen appointed
on the committee, if they be vindictive in their
character, then will be the time for us to strike
at them. Then will be the time' to discuss
them. Therefore, for myself, when the ques-
tion comes, I will vote for the reference. How-
ever, relying mainly and in no inconsiderable
degree upon the fairness heretofore exhibited
by the Speaker in his appointments, I would
just remark that we in numerical force are
entitled to four members out of the nine.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] to yield to me for a few
moments.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will by and bye.
I have promised to yield now to my colleague,
[Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a few words only, the opportunity to do so
having been afforded to me by the courtesy of
my colleague. The House will probably re-
member that in a little discussion which was
had here a few days since, when we were vot-
ing for the appointment of a joint committee,
instead of proceeding to direct legislation, I
made this point, that I wanted first of all to
know whether the Executive of this Govern-
ment needed any more legislation in order to
enable him to keep the peace throughout the
country, and that he had given us no sign that
any further legislation was needed. And I
said then that until such sign was given I did
not feel that anything more was needed than
for this House to prepare for an inquiry into
the whole question.
Now, however, there has come from the
President of the United States a very temper-
ate, a very prudent, and, as it seems to me, a
very judicious message, in which he says, first
of all, that he has undoubted authority for
the assertion that there are outrages and com-
binations which the State authorities are not
able to put down; and that he is in doubt, as
the Chief Executive of this nation, whether he
is empowered by existing laws of the United
States to render such aid as the necessities of
the case require. And therefore, to help hi on
to resolve his doubts, he asks this Congress to
stay here long enough to examine, first, the
facts of the case, then the law of the ease,
and then to help him in its wisdom by such
legislation as it may think the case requires.
He also, to be very careful and very prudent
about it, suggests that it may only be neces-
sary to make a law to last until the next ses-
sion of Congress ends. I think, therefore, the
message is eminently temperate and eminently
prudent. I do not, for my part, see how any
man belonging to either side of this House
can dare, with that paper on our desks, to
vote for going away without first giving all the
attention, all the consideration, and all the
thought that we are capable of giving a request
coming from the Chief Executive of the nation.
There is one other thing I desire to say, and
only one. There are gentlemen here who rep-
resent districts wherein these very difficulties
have arisen, and I am informed that many of
them are ready now to tell us what they know
about the situation; that they are willing to
lay before this House facts within their own
knowledge of which every member of the
House should be possessed.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In a moment
I will. I take it that few statements on this
subject can be more reliable than what a gen-
tleman says of his own district, of his own con-
stituents, of his own people, with whom he is
well acquainted. Now, I do not believe that
our friends on the other side will, I do not
think they can stand before the country, did
they desire to do so, in a resistance to a full,
fair, and candid investigation of the facts and
propositions that may be brought forward as
has been stated by the President in his mes-
sage.
I hope the fullest examination will be made
of the constitutional question, and that the
facts in regard to the condition of affairs in the
South may be most amply debated. I do not
want to go into that examination and that de-
bate in any party spirit. The question to my
mind is full of doubts. I want to resolve my
own conscience, and I desire the matter to be
dealt with in no factious or party spirit.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now yield to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. I am very much surprised that,
gentlemen on the other side should assume that
there is any objection here to afford every facil-
ity and opportunityfora full, free, and thorough
investigation as to these alleged outrages in the
southern States. Why, sir, within ten days,
by the vote of the Democratic party in this
House, we have already provided for the ap-
pointment of two committees to investigate this
very subject referred to by the President.
In the first instance, the committee was not
only raised by the vote of the House, but abso-
lutely has been appointed, anrl is now in exist-
ence as a committee of this House to investi-
gate this very subject; and subsequently to
that, after the Senate had passed a concurrent
resolution providing for a joint committee of
investigation, we cooperated with the Senate,
and by the united vote of tho Democratic side
