1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
of tie House carried that resolution and sent
it back to the Senate, and they have really
rejected it by refusing to concur in our amend-
ment.
When, therefore, it is alleged or implied that
there is any opposition on this side of the
House to a full, fair, and entire investigation,
it appears to me that the gentlemen who make
•that. allegation are not generous, certainly are
not truthful, if they allege that we stand in the
way of investigation.
As to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
fibld] who has just spoken, and has advocated
a committee for the purpose of considering the
message of the President, he himself but a
few days ago sent up to the Clerk's desk and
had read an extract from the existing law, by
which he proved conclusively that the Presi-
dent already possesses all the power necessary
over the whole subject; and now, forsooth, he
comes here and lectures us, and attempts to
make the country believe that the Democrats
in this House are opposed to an investigation,
when he himself is upon record as saying that
the President has all the power be need have
or which Congress can give him over this whole
question. No, sir ; the truth is that these gen-
tlemen do not really want an investigation; the
truth is that they want to create an artificial
condition of the public mind for a wicked pur-
pose; that there is an object beyond the restor-
ing of one section of the Union to its peaceful
and harmonious relations to the other sections
of the Union or to the Federal Government.
They know, as the country knows, that the
stimulant that warmed their parly into exist-
ence is subsiding, and that it is necessary to
apply more stimulant, so as to revive their
sunken fortunes and to prevent their total
political annihilation; and they wish to keep
Congress here that we may be excited, that
the people may become excited, that the coun-
try may be made to believe that some legis-
lation at the hands of Congress is absolutely
necessary to preserve life and protect property
in the southern States.
Sir, we challenge investigation. Weareready
to vote for this committee or for adozen com-
mittees, expressing confidence in the Speaker
that he will so constitute them as to give us a
really truthful and impartial statement of the
facts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman speak for his friends now ?
Mr. WOOD. I speak for myself; but I
have no doubt what the vote on this side of
the House will be when the proper time comes.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I yield now to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Some
days ago, Mr. Speaker, I was by a number,
and I believe a majority of the Republicans
on this floor, intrusted with the presentation
of a bill, approved by them, which had for its
object to remedy the state of disorder and
wrong at the South. That bill I have persist-
ently tried, as gentlemen upon both sides of
the House know, to get before the_House. I
ask my fiiends upon the other side of the
House to do me the justice to say that in doing
so I offered to them when the bill came up, it
it should come up, any time for debate that
they desired ; that they should fix their own
time, so that we might have the subject fully
discussed, and when the whole question was
before the House and the country we could
ascertain whether there was cause for legis-
lation. I also call their attention and the
attention of the country to the fact that my at-
tempts have been met by motions of delay,
of adjournment, of attempting to adjourn to
some possible time, carried steadily by the
Democratic majority. They have ever in-
sisted upon not having a hearing upon that
bill; and it will not do for them to say that the
provisions of the bill were faulty, because it
would have been open to amendment. There
was no attempt on my part and no desire that
the bill should not be amended in the fullest
possible manner that the judgment of the
House should dictate ; so that we could have
had the measure discussed for at least two
weeks past, if it had not been for the dilatory
motions of the gentlemen upon the other side.
Mr. MORGAN. Allow me a moment. I
may perhaps have misunderstood the gentle-
man. I understood the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] to say that the bill
which he introduced and asked to have referred
to a committee met the approval of a major-
ity of the Republicans on this floor. Am I
right ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
restate what I said, so that there shall be no
mistake. I understand that the bill which I
presented and which is in print does meet the
approval of a majority of the Republicans on
this floor. That it is perfect nobody dreams
of claiming. Everything human is imperfect;
everything human needs amendment, and noth-
ing more and nobody more than my friends on
the other side, except, perhaps, my bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. One moment. The gen-
tleman will relieve us on this side of the House
from some embarrassment if he will cease to
call us his friends. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ah 1
Mr. NIBLACK. We never recognize such
relations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
was a time when the Democratic party recog-
nized me as a friend, ay, and as a leader;
and they were very cross when I left them.
[Laughter.] And, asafriendnearmesuggests,
they have not got over it yet, but have been
mad with me ever since. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORGAN. How many of us followed
the gentleman, when at the Charleston con-
vention he voted more than fifty times for Jef-
ferson Davis for President of the U uited States?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly,
I then voted for the representative man of the
Democracy. Subsequent events have proved
that the difference between the gentleman
and myself is that he would not vote for
Jeff. Davis then but would now, and I did then
but would not now. [Laughter.] There is no
trouble about understanding this matter at all.
Mr. MORGAN. If the choice was between
the member from Massachusetts and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi the country would
certainly justify me in making such a choice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman repeat his statement? There is so
much confusion here that I did not hear him.
[After a pause.] I repeated my words for the
gentleman when he did not hear me. Is he
ashamed to repeat his? I did not hear him.
[After another pause.] Then I will grant-him
the mercy of my silence as to what I did not
hear.
I was about to say, when interrupted, that
we offered the fullest opportunity for debate,
and I trust that we may now, as men, as states-
men, as members of the House of Represent-
atives, with a great evil before us, without
heat, without acrimony of debate, and in pure
and calm reason, discuss, first, of the .question
of law, then of the question of fact, and then
of the question of remedy; try to find out what
is best for the country. I trust that the fullest
discussion will be allowed, and when every
man has had his say on all those questions,
that we shall then come to a direct vote, and
show whether or not we care for the safety of
the country and for the protection of life, lib-
erty, and property.
Mr. LAMISON. Will my colleague [Mr.
Sbisllabargee] yield to mefora few moments?
Mr, SHELLABARGER. How much time
have I left?
The SPEAKER. There are tWenty-two
minutes of the hour remaining.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. lwill yield to my
colleague [Mr. L'amison] —how much time?
Mr. LAMISON. But a minute or two.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Very well.
Mr. LAMISON. I will detain the House
but a moment with what I desire to say. W®
have now been in session for twenty days,
including to-day. During that time we haye
been notified from the other end of the avenue
that there was nothing upon which the Presi-
dent desired this Congress to legislate; that
there was no such condition of the country as
required our longer presence here. To-day
we have communicated to us a message from
the President in which he says that the condi-
tion of the country requires legislation upon
the subject named in his message. Sir, if there
be any new incidents, if there be any new evi-
dences of tumult and disorder in the South,
if there be now anything in the condition of
the South that did not exist twenty days ago,
that did not exist even ten days ago, I think
it would be but fair to members of this Con-
gress that that information should be laid
before them. I therefore desire to offer the
following resolution.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I did not yield
to have any resolution offered.
Mr. LAMISON. At least let it be read as,
a portion of my remarks.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am willing to
have it read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, 'Chat, if not incompatible wit.h the public
interests, tlio President of tho United States furnish
to tlio Congress of the United States all facts and
documents now in tho exeeutivo department touch-
ing tho condition of pulilic order in the Stiteslately
in rebellion, and to which reference is made in his
message to the Penate and IIouso of Representatives
of March 23,1871.
Mr. S H13 LL A.B ARGER. That is a very
good resolution, which we shall have pleasure
m voting for when the proper time comes. I
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Keli.uy.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I take the
floor for a moment only, to reply especially to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Lamison,] who
tells us that twenty-three days ago the Presi-
dent did not see such a condition of the coun-
try as required any recommendation of legis-
lation or demanded to be brought particularly
to public attention. During those twenty- three
days, sir, the majority of the members of this
House have declared to the people of the South
their indisposition to strengthen the President's
hands or to deal resolutely with the crimes which
are now disgracing not only our country but
republicanism and the age. This declaration,
expressed by the conduct of Congress has
emboldened organized bands of lawless men
in the South, and they to-day do what they
did not dare do three weeks ago. Not con-
tent with hunting the poor negro, not content
with scourging the "carpet-bagger," as they
call the immigrant from the North, or the
"scalawag," as they call the Union man who
happens to have been born in the South, they
now enter your mail-cars to assassinate or
scourge the officers of the Government.
Mr. BECK. Where was that done?
Mr. KELLEY. It was done in Kentucky.
Mr. BECK. Let me tell the gentleman the
facts of the case to which he refers, as I under-
stand them. The mail-car was entered by one
man, a Republican and a Union soldier, who
was entitled to the place given to a negro. A
grand jury at Louisville, 1 have heard, invest-
igated the case till they found the facts to be
as I state, and then, for that reason, they aban-
doned the investigation. This occurrence was
in J anuary last.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. The 2Gth of last January.
Mr. KELLEY. Let me tell the gentleman
that there are two sides to that story, and that
he makes a statement resting in part upon the
testimony of a man who gave his evidence with
a pistol at his head.
Mr. BECK. I have in my hand a resolution
which I have desired to offer, calling for all
the facts.
Mr. KELLEY. There are facts in reference
to that case which will yet come out. But
again, sir, the collection of the revenue of the
