1871.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Cincinnati and Southern Raihvay—Mr. Davis.
fcenate.
of $10,000,000, she ought carefully to exam-
ine and fully understand the matter in all its
bearings, present and future. The act of the
Ohio Legislature which authorizes it has, out-
side of that State, no operation; and if any
effect in Kentucky be imparted to it the pend-
ing lull, enacted into a law by Congress, will
be the cause. But this would be merely the
form of a law without any constitutional au-
thority to pass it, and would by the courts be
held to have no validity, and would also be
repealable by any future Congress. It is true
the Supreme Court has repeatedly decided that
acts of a State Legislature bestowing land, and
also franchises and iiumuuities to banks and
other corpoiations, were in the nature of con-
tracts, and that the repeal of those laws would
not divest any rights conferred by them. In
the case of State Bank of Ohio vs. Knoop, that
court says:
" It must be admitted tbat the State hag the sov-
ereign power to do this, (pass a law granting fran-
chises and exemptions to banks;) and ltwould have
a sovereign power to impair or annul acontract, had
not the Constitution of the United States inhibited
the exercise of such a power."—16 Howard, page 90.
Section ten of the Constitution provides that
no State shall pass a " law impairing the obli-
gation of contracts." The opinion from which
1 have read, and all others of that court in
which the question arises, decide expressly
that the inability of a State Legislature to re-
peal a law passed by it, so as to divest a right
conferred by it, is, that the first law is in the
nature of a contract, and the repealing law
would impair its obligation and be in conflict
with this provision of the Constitution, and
but for this provision that the State Legisla-
ture would have full power to pass the repeal-
ing law. That court has also decided that this
provision of the Constitution does not apply
to Congress or the Government of the United
States, but only to the States ; so that there
would be no obstacle to a future Congress
repealing this bill if it should be passed.
The powers of Congress and a State and its
government to grant franchises are not the
same, but are different in extent and nature.
Franchises as they are known in the United
States originated in England, and were brought
to this country by English colonists. They
were privileges belonging to the Crown, and
were given by royal grant generally to partic-
ular individuals and corporations in consider-
ation of certain duties to be performed for
the beneiit or convenience of the king's sub-
jects. They could not be resumed by the
Crown at pleasure, but only for cause; nor
could it interfere, directly or indirectly, with
the granted franchises so as materially to
impair their value ; but those franchises were
subject at all times to be withdrawn, modified,
or abolished by the omnipotent power of
Parliament.
In the United States, after independence,
those rights of franchise appertained wholly to
the States and their governments, which pos-
sessed over them the combined powers of king
and Parliament, and thosegovernments could,
until the adoption of the Constitution with the
restrictive clause before quoted, not only grant,
but modify or resume at pleasure all franchises
within their territory.
Congress has certainly no power, specified
and expressed in the Constitution, to create a
corporation, much less to confer upon it fran-
chises. If it has such powers they are purely
implied and incidental powers, and it has un-
questionably in the same way thepower to repeal
its lawsgranting them. To the argument that the
powers of Congress are inalienable and incom-
municable, that they exist continuously in .a
uniform, undiminished, and inaccessible mass,
it may be added, that Congress itself has no
authority whatever to farm out, diminish, or
impair its powers.
If I am questioned whether it has the power
to make contracts, and, if it has, whether its
contracts are not binding, I answer affirma-
tively to both branches of the question: but
say further, these franchises are not subjects
for congressional contracts, either in the form
of mutual agreement or legislative grant, be-
cause—
1. A contract must have a subject about
which the law permits a contract.
2. It must have two or more parties author-
ized by law to make the contract.
3. The contract must not be against law or
public policy.
Property only, in some form, can be the
subject of contracts; and property is anything
of which persons, natural or arti6cial, can
have the ownership—the use, the right ofpos-
session, and the title.
The offices of our Government are not such
subjects of property that they can uphold con-
tracts, either between it and individuals, or
among individuals ; nor can franchises. They
are not of snch a nature as to prevent the Gov-
ernment from their resumption or abrogation
at its pleasure, even though they have been
bestowed ; the principle and the rule is different
as to lands, personalty, money, and all subjects
of general property and ownership. Offices and
franchises are appurtenances of the Govern-
ment, its faculties, parts of its machinery for
its more convenient and effective working to
the great end of all legitimate government,
the common good of the people; and the Gov-
ernment has no power to sever them from
itself. If a proposition were to be made to
farm out the aggregate mass of all the offices
and all the franchises appurtenant to the Gov-
ernment, in the entire absence of authority
to make it, every one would be surprised and
shocked; and there is no less power to do this
thing in detail than as an aggregate. All
offices, not having a different constitutional
tenure, and all franchises granted, whether in
perpetuity or for a definite term, are subject
to be resumed or abolished at the pleasure of
Congress.
The constitution of Ohio contains this pro-
hibition :
"The General Assembly shall never authorize any
county, city, town, or township, by vote of its citi-
zens, or otherwise, to become an owner in any joint
stock company, corporation, or association what-
ever; or to raise money for, or loan its credit to, or
in aid of any such company, corporation, or asso-
ciation."
The purpose of this clause was to forbid
towns and cities from applying their funds to
all corporations but their own municipalities,
and the act of her Legislature is palpably in
violation of this provision, the spirit and the
letter; it literally and plainly creates a cor-
poration and empowers it, upon the majority
of the vote of Cincinnati, to raise money on
$10,000,000 of her bonds to construct a rail-
road. This clause of the constitution inter-
dicts absolutely "any county, city, town, or
township," to give its money or credit in aid
of all corporations, and this act attempts to
evade it by creating a corporation to hold the
funds to construct the railway, and then the
railway and its appurtenances in trust for Cin-
cinnati. These trustees are literally a cor-
poration, the act is a poor device that does not
throw the thinnest veil over its corporate fea-
tures; and the belief to the contrary is the
hallucination of a community which wishes so
intensely for that to be true which is not true.
Let that intelligent, wealthy, and great com-
munity throw away this miserable expedient,
and proceed at once to an old-fashioned amend-
ment of their constitution.
If this bill should pass with the forms of a
statute it would nevertheless be void and of no
effect also because of its flagitious violation
of public policy. It is of the highest public
policy that the United States Government
should promote by all practicable and proper
means good-will and harmony among contigu-
ous States, and for Congress to pass a law, the
obvious effect and purpose of which is to give
to one and its chief city an advantage over an-
other ; and its chief city would certainly violate
this policy ; and such a measure ought not to
be entertained unless it would subserve great
national objects, for the procurement of which
there are no other available means. There is
no such imperious necessity for the passage of
this measure.
For the Legislature of Ohio to incorpor-
ate trustees for one of her cities, to construct
a railroad across Kentucky, and for those trus-
tees to come to Congress and ask it to invest
them with all the high powers of sovereignty
to force their way into Kentucky, and there to
assume the right of eminent domain and appro-
priate the lands and other property of her citi-
zens, as far as it may be necessary, to construct
and perpetually to maintain this railway, and
to expel the jurisdiction, government, and
sovereignty of Kentucky and her people from
its entire line and all its appurtenances, and
to substitute therefor and forever the State of
Ohio and her creature, this corporation of
trustees and their successors. Could Congress
devise a more efficient cause of irritation, con-
test, and ill-will between the two States? Ken-
tucky would never cease her hostility until the
cause should be removed.
The measure would also be against public
policy, because it would be an entirely new
and most mischievous precedent. It has no
parallel. It did not originate with Congress
or the executive Government of the United
States, but with some fruitful or diseased ima-
gination of Cincinnati. Ohio bordeis on Ken-
tucky about two hundred miles, and Indiana
and Illinois each about one hundred miles. If
the Legislature of Ohio were to incorporate two
other similar railroad companies, and Indiana
and Illinois each one or two, to make railroads
across the State of Kentucky, altogether they
would occupy about all the practicable lines of
railroads of a national character in thatState;
and if Congress would pass for each just such
an ancillary bill as the pending One, it would
find that it had not only ousted the State of
Kentucky of her jurisdiction of all national
lines of railroad within her borders, but had
also divested itself, let out its entire implied
power to regulate commerce among that and
all the other Slates to the full extent of railroad
facilities.
Such an anomalous system of congressional
legislation would spread to other States; and
where would it stop? Its continuance and
growth would not be so strange as its inaugu-
ration now. It is very doubtful %vhether the
sages who made the Constitution intended that
Congress should create corporations. Their
essential nature was as well known to them as
to us. They are both literally and figuratively
soulless; are grasping, encroaching, and tyran-
nical ; they are animated by a community of
interest, and are combining and stretching and
interlocking their giant arms every where across
the whole land. Their exactions are oppress-
ing the people, and in the insolence of their
augmenting power they are giving indications
of a purpose to contest for influence and rule
with the Government itself. They baffle the le-
straints and responsibility which the law has
put upon them, and seem to be absorbing all
wholesome authority over them. They are or-
ganizing a great and pervading power for cor-
rupting and purchasing every force and influ-
ence in the way of their vast projects, and
seriously threaten to undermine the Constitu-
tion and the liberties of the people. They
have increased, are increasing, and ought
to be diminished; and now, wheu the cry of
the country is coming up to Congress to reduce
their combined and still combining strength, '
and to reform them by a wise, salutary, just, and
