1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Constitutional Amendments—Mr. McOormick.
Ho. or Keps.
pie of England. The Constitution declares
that—
"No porson shall bo held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crimo, unless on presentment
or indictment before a grand jury," "* * 1
"nor bo deprived of life, liberty, or property
without duo process of law."
Yet the honorable Senator, in the face of
this broad declaration of individual security
and immunity from punishment otherwise
than the Constitution prescribes, undertakes
to claim for Congress the right to judge of and
punish treason without trial, without evidence,
without indictment, and to deprive the people
of life, liberty, and property without due pro-
cess of law. If the Republican party would
thus act, as advised by the honorable Senator,
they would liken themselves unto that people
who demanded that Apostle Paul should be
delivered to them to be put to death without
trial; and, in the language of Paul, I would
ask them, " Is it lawful for you to scourge a
Roman and uncondemned? "
We still profess to regard as sacred that
great principle announced by Festus ill his
answer to the .Tews, when they demanded Paul
to put him to death : "It is not the manner
of the Romans to deliver any man to die be-
fore he that is accused have the accusers face
to face and have license to answer for himself
concerning the crime laid against him." Yet
it seems our Congress proceeds to try, not
one man only, butmillions of men and women,
and to condemn them without hearing. This
is really trying before catching.
And will any pretend that the provision in
the Constitution which declares that no one
shall be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law is not grossly
violated by congressional judgment and pun-
ishment? Trial and punishment for crime
belong to the judicial department, which, and
which alone, proceeds "by due process of
law." And if the people of the southern States
forfeited their political rights, no such for
feiture can be declared or enforced until after
conviction before a court of justice in the
manner prescribed by the Constitution. Con-
gress has not by that instrument been enabled
or empowered to pass judgment against
them. It is not a legislative power, and Con-
gress possesses no power except legislative
power.
The Senator next proceeds to say—
" That when the people of the rebel Statos wi thdrew
their Senators and Representatives and formally
declared their severance from tho Union, and at-
tempted to form a new and hostile government,
they forfeited their right to representation in Con-
gress and could not resume it, merely because they
bad been defeated in battle, but only by permission,
and upon tho conditions proscribed by those who had
remainod truo to their country, acting through the
Government of the United States."
LIow absurd euch a position is to those who
believe that Congress is a creature of the Con-
stitution, enabled by that instrument to do
certain things and can only do what it has
been enabled to do. They look in vain in the
Constitution for a provision by which States
may forfeit their right to representation. And
this is a new theory, of the Republican party,
an enlargement on its former theory as power
will always extend its sphere of action.
Mr. Lincoln told the southern people to lay
down their arms and take their places in Con-
gress; that was then the doctrine of the Repub-
lican party, and the true doctrine. They did
lay down their arms, but a new theory sprung
up; they were not entitled to representation
until Congress should so declare, and only on
such conditions as Congress should prescribe.
For such a theory there is not a shadow, not a
pretense of warrant in the Constitution. That
instrument starts out by declaring that the
House of Representatives shall be composed
of Representatives from each State, and in the
Best section provides that each State shall
always have two Senators.
Thus Congress was composed, and the only
question is, were these States in the Union?
They certainly had been so, and how did they
get out of it? Was it by secession? The
theory, and the true theory of the Govern-
ment, was that they did not get out by seces-
sion. If this be true, how is it that they could,
according to the Constitution, forfeit their right
of representation? The Constitution makes no
provision for any such forfeiture, and it is but
a usurped power by those who assert it. The
States cannot forfeit their right to represent-
ation. This Government is built upon and
rests upon tKe right of the States to represent-
ation, and it is worse than an absurdity, it is a
criminal usurpation of power in Congress
to deny any State the right of representation,
or to claim that that right has been forfeited.
States of the American Union and American
citizens forfeit their right to representation 1
The idea is monstrous. What was it that
brought about the American Revolution? The
right of representation, and taxation without
representation. Yet Congress now assumes
all the powers against which our fathers re-
belled ; it claims that those rights purchased
by blood and treasure have been forfeited, di-
rectly in the face of the Constitution which
makes the right of representation the very
foundation-stone of the Government.
This is a representative Government; and
if a majority in Congress may deprive the States
of that right, it is revolutionary and destruct-
ive of the vital principle of the Government;
yet this is the Senator's revolutionary doc-
trine. There is no sentence or clause in the
Constitution which, in the slightest degree,
gives countenance to the "idea that the right
of representation may be forfeited. That right
is too sacred to be assailed. Sir Robert Kil-
mer originated and promulgated the divine
right of kings, which was adopted by the Tory
party of England, which thus robbed the peo-
ple of their natural rights, their sovereign
power, which was transferred to the kings.
The Republican party here seem to be follow-
ing in the footsteps of the English Tories,
their doctrines being the same in substance.
They make Congress omnipotent, and we must
abandon the idea that sovereign power belongs
alone to the people in this country. It is trans-
ferred to Congress as it was transferred to tho
kings in England by the Tories.
The Senator continues, and charges that—
"Tho whole trouble with the Democratic party
is that it fails to perccive tho wrongfulness of tho
iebellion. That f-iet onco admitted, all tho conse-
quences which we claim, forfeitures upon the one
side, rights and powers upon tho other, follow inev-
itably."
This is an unjust as well as an untrue charge
against the Democratic party. That party is
not so blind as to have overlooked the errors
of the South, and thousands of them gave the
most unqualified proof of their condemnation
of the rebellion by taking up arms to suppress
it. But the Democrat'ic party detests persecu-
tion. And it may " perceive the wrongfulness
of the rebellion," yet is utterly unable to per-
ceive the consequences claimed. It is totally
at a loss to pcrceive how the rights and powers
of Congress were increased, how the Consti-
tution became so expansive by these wrongs,
as to be stretched so as to justify any meas-
ures such as Congress might think proper to
adopt.
I beg leave to call to the honorable gentle-
man's attention the doctrines of the Demo-
cratic party as they are generally understood.
That party wishes to have the Constitution
administered as it is; it wishes to keep all the
departments of the Government circumscribed
within the limits prescribed to them by the
sovereign will of the people as expressed in the
.Constitution; it does not believe that powers
of any department can be enlarged by its own
volition, oi' by the errors of any State or the
people thereof, and it believes, in the language
of Mr. Madison, that—
" It is against the enterprising ambition of this
department (the legislative) that the people ought
to indulge all their jealousy and exhaust all their
precautions."
This is a true sketch of the Democratic creed,
and on its observance the liberties of the peo-
ple of this country depend.
The honorable Senator proceeds to say :
" Assuming, therefore, the wrongfulness of tho re-
bellion, and that treason was a crime which carried
with it tho forfeiture of political rights, and th i. the
loyal people of theUnited States, acting through the
Government, had a right to exact guarantees for
their future peace and safety, I come to the question
how those guarantees were to bo obtained and how
that security could be taken."
Is there any provision in the Constitution
which authorizes a demand of guarantees, a
binding one portion of the people to keep the
peace? There is no pretense of authority for
any such thing. The whole scheme is a fiction
entirely outside of the Constitution. It affords
but a shallow pretense for the excesses of
power in imposing restrictions on the people
as conditions-precedent on their right of n pre-
sentation ; a right which they have under the
Constitution, which Congress cannot right-
fully abridge or destroy. If Congress may
impose conditions upon the people, when and
where is its power to stop ? Why may it not
go back and impose restrictions and demand
guarantees from the people in New England,
where the doctrine of secession first originated
in 1803?
The careful reader of the honorable Sena-
tor's speech will see that he has'built entirely
upon false assumptions that have not the pre-
tense of a foundation in the Constitution. And
it cannot be necessary to answer the detail of
an argument which is built upon false prem-
ises. When the premises are swept away the
fabric falls.
As to the fifteenth amendment, speaking for
myself, I have only to say that Congress had
no right to make its adoption a condition-pre-
cedent to the right of representation. It has
been placed upon the statute-book as a part
of the organic law. It has been so observed by
the Democratic party, and will be so observed
unless the courts of the country shall declare
the mode of its adoption was unconstitutional,
and consequently void, or unless the people shall -
determine by a convention of the States called
as prescribed by the Constitution, that it shall
no longer stand as a part of the organic law
of the land.
Constitutional Amendments.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. M'CORMICK,
of missouri,
Is the House of Representatives,
March 13, 1871,
On the joint resolution affirming tho power of Con-
gress to imposo the ratification of the fifteenth
articlo of amendments upon certain States as a
condition-precedent to representation in Congress,
and declaring tho thirteenth, fourteenth, and fif-
teenth articles of amendments to have been duly
ratified by threo fourths of tho States of the Union.
The joint resolution is as follows:
AVhereas tho Democratic members of tho senate
of tho State of Indiana voted for and passed through
that branch of tho Legislature of said Stato the fol-
lowing joint resolution, to wit:
"Joint resolution of tho Legislature of Indiana
withdrawing its assent to the latification of the fif-
teenth articlo of amendments to the Constitution.
" llesolved bv the General Assembly of the State of
Inchamt, That the pretended ratification of the fif-
teenth amendment proposed to the Constitution of
the United Srates on tho part of the State of Indiana
was and is null and void, and of no binding force or
eilect whatever: and the counting of the \ ote of the
State in favor of the samo was done without any
lawful warrant or authority: and that, protesting
against the same, this General Assembly does now
withdraw and rescind all action, perfect or impei-
