1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
may be reported by this committee; but that
in the event that the select committee, if cre-
ated, shall report any measure for the consid-
eration of the House, the largest debate shall
be invited upon it so far as my vote will con-
tribute to it. With this remark, I again call
the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to know whether
a motion is not in order to refer the message
to the Committee on the Judiciary when ap
pointed, and if that motion would not take pre-
cedence of a motion for a select committee ?
The SPEAKER. If the Judiciary Commit-
tee were an existing committee the Chair would
hold that that motion would take precedence,
but it would not under the circumstances.
Mr. COX. 1 understand that during the last
ten days we have been referring measures to
standing committees when appointed.
The SPEAKER. The question has never
come up between referring to a committee pro-
posed to be raised for a special object and to
one of the regular committees yet to be ap-
pointed.
As he has several times remarked, the Chair
again begs leave to say that there has been no
time since the House organized when there has
not been a day of adjournment proposed by
the House within four or five days from that
time. The Senate has now passed a resolution
declining to take action upon any legislation
except upon this one subject. The message
from the President now comes to the House,
saying that he has no recommendations to
make on any other subjects than this. Under
these circumstances, except under special in-
structions, the Chair would feel that he were
doing wrong if he were to announce the stand-
ing committees at the present time. Of course
the Chair repeats that in this matter he is
entirely the servant of the House.
Mr. NIBLACK. If we referred this mes-
sage to the Committee on the Judiciary, would
not the Chair feel himself called upon to
appoint that committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not recog-
nize the motion suggested by the gentleman as
taking precedence under the circumstauces.
If the committees were organized, of course
the gentleman from Indiana, who is familiar
with parliamentary law, knows that a motion
to refer to a standing committee would take
prcccdcncSt
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. After the
pledge of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
labarger] that he will not drive this mat-
ter through under the previous question, and
with trust, profound trust, in the Speaker that
he will give on the committee a just represent-
ation, I presume there will be little or no
opposition on our side of the House to the
select committee of nine.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to state
also that if all the standing committees were
organized to-day, probably in a matter re-
garded as one of such moment on both sides
of the House as this a select committee would
have answered better as a representation of
opinion upon it than a standing committee
raised without special reference to the subject.
Mr. NIBLACK. I made the suggestion
merely because the message seems to embrace
a legal question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof Mr. Shellabarger's motion was
agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion was agreed
to ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move that the
message of the President be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed the following as
the select committee of nine: Mr. Shellabar-
ger of Ohio, Mr. Butler of Massachusetts,
Mi". SeoFiELD of Pennsylvania, Mr. Dawes of
Massachusetts, Mr. Blaib of Michigan, Mr.
Thomas of North Carolina, Mr. Morgan of
Ohio, Mr. Kerb, of Indiana, and Mr. Whit-
thorne of Tennessee.
order of business.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to protect citizens of the Uni-
ted States from unlawful combinations and
conspiracies.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to have put upon its passage a bill to establish
some post routes, to which I think there will
be no objection.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order.
professor joseph henry.
The SPEAKER. The pending question,
when the proceedings were interrupted by the
special message, was upon the joint resolution
reported from the Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution. The vote "by tellers was—ayes 98,
noes 19, and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
IIolman] called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the call.
The SPEAKER. Then the joint resolution
is passed.
adjournment over.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Satur-
day next.
Mr. PETERS. . Make it Monday next.
Mr. RANDALL. We have sent a resolu-
tion to the Senate requesting permission that
this House may adjourn from Monday next, at
noon, till the first Monday of December next.
The SPEAKER. Not from Monday next,
at noon, but that when the House shall ad-
journ on Monday next it may be till eleven
o'clock a. m. on the first Monday of Decem-
ber.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well; I modify my
motion so that when the House shall adjourn
to-day it be till Monday next.
The question was taken on the motion, as
modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave to print.
Mr. PORTER asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have printed in the Globe
some remarks he had prepared upon the bill
(H. R. No. 46) for the removal of civil and
criminal causes from State to Federal courts
in certain named States, and the commence-
ment of such causes therein, for the removal
of all legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes. [See Appendix. ]
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
statue 01? roger williams.
The SPEAKE R, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the Senate,
communicating a copy of a letter from the Gov-
ernor of the State of Rhode Island, stating that
a statue of Roger Williams had been forward-
ed by that State to the city of Washington, in
compliance with the resolution of Congress,
approved July 2, 1864, inviting each State to
furnish for the Hall of the old House of Rep-
resentatives statues of deceased persons who
have been citizens thereof, and illustrious for
their historic renown from distinguished civil
or military services ; which was ordered to be
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds when appointed.
election contest' rooers ys. snyder.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House additional papers,
&c., in the contested-election case of Rogers
vs. Snyder, from the second congressional dis-
trict of the State of Arkansas; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Speer, of Georgia, that the House adjourn.
Mr. PRICE. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his motion for a few moments, until I
can ask unanimous consent of the House 
Several members called forthe regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the first question is upon the motion
that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.}
the House adjourned till Monday next.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of Andrew
M. Banks, for arrearages of pension from
August 0, 18G1, to March 5, 1867.
Also, the petition of Anna Craig, widow of
Ed. Craig, who died in the military service, for
pension, to haveeffect from November 1,1864,
the day of his death.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of D.
Carmichael, a citizen of Newton, Alabama,
asking the removal of his political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution.
Also, the petition of Wilson Williams, in-
dorsed by several citizens of Opelika, Alabama,
asking the removal of his political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution.
By Mr. COBB : A petition of attorneys and
suitors in the United States district court fot
the Albemarle district of North Carolina, ask-
ing a repeal of the act changing the place of
holding the United States district court from
Edenton to Elizabeth City, North Carolina.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of A.
Green and 87 others, citizens of Indiana, ask-
ing important modifications of the law relating
to the licensing of distillers.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 24, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings wag
read and approved.
adjournment op tub house.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, under
the twenty-fourth rule, submits a concurrent
resolution, with a preamble, from the Houso
of Representatives.
The resolution was read as follows:
Whereas the Senate has adopted a resolution de-
claring " that the Senate will consider at the present
session no other legislative business than the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, the concurrent resolution
for a joint committee of investigation into the con-
dition of the States lately in insurrection, and the
resolution now pending instructing the Committee
on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that will
enable tho President and the courts of the United
States to execute the laws in said States, and the
report that may be made by the Committee on the
Judiciary on that subject," thereby refusing to con-
sider any business which may originate in tho House
01 Representatives: Therefore,
Resolved, (the Senate permitting,) That this House
will adjourn, when it adjourns on Monday next,
until the first Monday in .December next, at eleven
o'clock a. m,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that resolu-
tion lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
surveyor at eastport, mains.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
submits the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. ISO) to rees-
tablish the office of surveyor at Eastport,
Maine, and will state that in his opinion,
under the resolution adopted by the Senate,
it requires unanimous consent to consider this
amendment, it being legislative business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have tba
amendment reported.
