250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
The amendment was read, being to strike
out at the end of the bill the words " and shall
not be subject to be abolished except by act
of Congress."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask that the
Senate, by unanimous consent, concur in that
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know
what it means.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It means sim-
ply that the bill reestablishes the office of sur-
veyor at Eastport, and leaves it within the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury under
the general law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why should it not be
subject to the general law which governs other
similar cases?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it should
be, and this amendment pats it on that basis.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I misunderstood the effect
of the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment proposes to leave this office under the
general law by striking out the clause which
provided that it should not be subject to abo-
lition except by act of Congress.
Mi\ EDMUNDS. That is quite right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is the effect
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be regarded as
concurred in. The Chair hears no objection,
and it is concurred in.
ARKANSAS RIVER BRIDGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
lays before the Senate the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
245) amendatory of an act authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas river,
which also, in the opinion of the Chair, under
the present order, requires unanimous consent.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was read, being to strike out in the sec-
ond line of the bill the words " said act" and
insert in lieu thereof "an act to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river at Little Rock, Arkansas, approved July
1, 1870;" to add at the end of the first section
"the piers of said bridge shall be parallel with
the current of said river;" and in line eighteen
of the second section to insert the words " by
the Secretary of War."
Mr. RICE. I ask unanimous consent for
concurrence in the House amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. This matter was thor-
oughly discussed yesterday and considered in
the Senate, and I think the general conclusion
of the Senate was that the resolution should
be enforced in respect to all bills without
exception. That conclusion was arrived at on
this obvious ground, that if the resolution is
suspended by unanimous consent in favor of
one bill, of course whenever it is applied to any
other hill it becomes invidious in its applica-
tion, and so on through a list which may be
of indefinite extent in proportion to the time
that we shall stay here. There can be noth-
ing invidious or disagreeable in asking for the
enforcement of the resolution in every case.
That was the^ conclusion at which the Senate
seemed to arrive yesterday.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator fron. California object?
Mr. CASSERLY. i do.
Mr. RICE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects; and it requires unanimous
consent, iti the opinion of the Chair, to con-
sider the amendment under the present reso-
lution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not withdraw the
objection.
PROl'KSSOR HENRY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
lays before the Senate the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 42) giving the consent of Congress
to Professor Joseph Henry, secretary of the
Smithsonian Institution, to accept the title and
regalia of a commander of the Royal Norwe-
gian Order of St. Olaf, conferred upon him by
the king of Sweden and Norway, grand master
of said order. It requires unanimous consent
to take any action on this joint resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am opposed to that
resolution on principle, and I object to its
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
objects, and it will therefore be laid on the
table. Petitions and memorials are in order.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to be excused from
serving upon the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that he be excused
from service on the committee named. Is
there objection? The Cflair hears none. How
shall the vacancy be filled ? [" By the Chair."]
If there be no objection that order will be made.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are in order, but in calling for them
the Chair desires to state that in his opinion
the reference of petitions is a legislative act.
Following the precedent set in 1861, when the
Senate was convened in executive session, and
consequently not able to transact legislative
business, the Chair thinks that when petitions
are presented under the present order they
must be placed on thefilesof the Senate, unless
by unanimous consent they are referred.
Mr. CORBBTT. I am requested to present
the petition of the Willamette Valley and Cas-
cade Mountain Wagon-Road Company, a mili-
tary road, in which the petitioners ask that
the time for the completion of the road be
extended for three years. I ask that the peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, if there be no objection.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Public Lands ? The Chair hears
none, and it will be so referred.
Mr. CONKLING. I present, to lie on the
table for reference at the appropriate time to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, the peti-
tion of sundry persons touching claims for
certain French spoliations committed prior to
the year 1800.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present the peti-
tion of William H. Ward, of Auburn, New
York, in the matter of the use of his patent
bullet machine. I move that it lie on the
table, to be referred at the proper time to the
Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also resolu-
tions, addressed to the Senate and House of
Representatives, of the Union League of Amer-
ica, of the city and county of New York, peti-
tioning Congress to provide by law that all
elections for congressmen and presidential
electors shall take place on the same day as
the general elections in the various States,
and further, that the votes for presidential
electors and Representatives in Congress shall
be first canvassed. These proceedings, I may
say, grew out of a threat to evade congres-
sional and other laws, by separating one elec-
tion from another, so as to impose upon the
people repeated and vexatious elections. I
ask that the paper lie on the table, to be
referred at the proper time to the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
also be made.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to inquire what
that order was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To lay the res-
olutions on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. To lay them on the table
under the rule, which, as I understand the Chair
has announced, carries everything on the table
unless referred by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Following the
precedent in the called session of 1861.
WITHDRAWAL Ob' PAPERS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask leave
to withdraw the papers in relation to the claim
of Mary C. Lane for the purpose of having
them presented to the new commission in rela-
tion to loyal claims in the South.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the order will be made.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That Elijah Peale have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Rebecca
S. Harrison bo taken from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That John Butler Chapman have leave
to withdraw from the flies of the Senate his peti-
tion, praying remuneration for services rendered
and money expended in the Indian service in the
years 1861 and 1802, and other papers referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs May 17,1870.
On motion of Mr. PRATT,.it was
Ordered, That Celia Tweed have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers from the files of the
Senate, to enable her to present her claim before
the Pension Office.
EMPLOYMENT OP NAVY AT SAN DOMINGO.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair omits
the call of reports of committees and the intro-
duction of bills and joint resolutions, and calls
now for Senate resolutions.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I send to
the Chair a resolution which I ask to have
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts offers a Senate resolution 
Mr. CONKLING. I renew the point of
order which was submitted yesterday. Of
course I do not aim at this particular resolu-
tion : but I submit the point of order that,
under the rule, Senate resolutions, unless they
are executive in character, legislative resolu-
tions, are not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rule upon the point of order, and desires to
state that by a previous engagement he was
absent from the Senate Chamber during the
morning hour yesterday and therefore was not
able to decide the question when it first came
up. The Senate is acting at present under
the following resolution adopted, on the 22d
instant:
Resolved, That the Senate will consider, at the
present session, no other legislative business than
the deficiency appropriation bin, the concurrent
resolution for ajoint committee of investigation into
the condition of the States lately in insurrection,
and the resolution now pending instructing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that
will enable the President and the courts of tho Uni-
ted States to execute tho laws in said States, and tho
report that may be made by tho Committee on tho
Judiciary on that subject.
_ This resolution excludes all other "legisla-
tive business," except the four items specially
named in it ; and the Chair may be allowed
to say, having read the debate yesterday in the
Globe, that be construes the resolution differ-
ently from several Senators who spoke at that
time on the point of order. The Chair thinks
this resolution does declare in precise terms
that a Senate resolution instructing a Senate
committee to report a bill is "legislative busi-
ness; " and the Chair concurs in that opinion,
that a resolution instructing a committee to
report a bill is certainly legislative business:
but the Chair does not think that a resolution
calling upon the Executive or any Department
for information, or a resolution expressive of
the sense of the Senate, and not to be sent to
the President or to the Ilouse of Representa-
tives, is legislative business.
The Chair is advised by the Globe that the
forty-second rule was referred to as indicat-
ing that this construction of the Chair, given
impromptu, during the voting on the amend-
