12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Constitutional Amendments—Mr. McCormick.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
feet, on the part of this State purporting to assent
to and ratify said proposed fifteenth amendment.
" I'eiolved further, by the authority aforesaid, That
Congress b   no lawful power derived from the Con-
stitution of the United States, nor from any other
source whatever, to require any Stale of the Union
to ratify an amendment proposed to the Constitu-
tion of the United States as a condition-precedent
to representation in Congress; that all such acts of
ratification are null and void, and the votes so
obtained ought not to be counted to affect the rights
oi the people and the S ates of the whole Union;
and that the State of Indiana protests and solemnly
declares that the so-ealied fifteenth amendment is
not this day, nor ever has been in law, a part of the
Constitution of the United States.
" Resolved farther, by the authority aforesaid, That the
State of Indiana does now propose and ask that the
Congress of the United States may and will, as soon
as practicable, call a convention of the States and
the people, according to the provisions of the* fifth
article of the Constitution of the United States, for
the purpose of proposing amendments to said Con-
stitution for their ratification by the States. _
" Itesolved further, by the authority aforesaid. That
the Governor of Indiana be, and is hereby, directed
to tr.uiMiiit an authenticated copy of these resolu-
tions and the preamble thereto to each of the Gov-
ernors of the several States of the Union, and to each
of our Senators and Representatives m Congress."
An 1 whereas the validity of the act of Congress
approved the 30th day of 4-pril, 1869, in relation to
the ratification of the fifteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution by the States of Virginia,
Mississippi, and Texas, and also the validity and
binding force of the ratification of said article by
either of said States, is called in question by the res-
olution afmesaid: Therefore,
Be it remlncd by the Senate and Uouneof Representa-
tive':, <t e., That the Congre.-sot the United Slates had
the lawful power to impose upon the said States the
ratification of tile fifteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution as a eondition-preeedont to repre-
sentation in Congress, and that the ratification there-
of, puisuant to such act of Congress, by either of said
States, is valid, to all intents and purposes, and bind-
ing upon the States so ratifying, and upon all the
States, and that the State having so ratified has no
lawful right to rescind the same.
Andbeit further resolved, That.thethirteenth,four-
teenth, and fifteenth articles of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States have been duly
ratified by tho Legislatures of three fourths of the
several States, and that said araondmonts are valid
to all intents and purposes as a part of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and as such binding and
obligatory upon the Executive, the Congress, the
several States and Territories, and all the citizens
of tho United States.
Mr. McCOHMICK, of Missouri. The first
declaration of the resolution now under con-
sideration, Mr. Speaker, enunciates a political
heresy in direct conflict with the Constitution
and fatal to principles of self-government. If
Congress has the constitutional power to com-
pel the southern States to ratify the thirteenth,
■fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments, and, as
a compulsory measure, to deprive them of rep-
resentation until they did comply, it has the
power, at any time and under any circum-
stances, to submit other amendments, and, in
order to compel States to ratify the same, may
deprive one of representation, another of postal
service, and in a third proclaim martial law.
Such powerwould enable Congress at any time,
and for any purpose, to compel the ratification
of amendments to the Constitution which it
might dictate, and by means of which it might
seize'upon the judicial and executive functions
of government, or to strike down rights guar-
anteed to States or reserved to the people.
And as an apology for the reckless and uncon-
stitutional legislation which has characterized
the acts of Congress for the last five years it
has been constantly asserted that such legisla-
tion was a necessity growing out of the late
civil war. The Constitution, however, recog-
nizes 110 such condition or necessities, and
every one of these usurpations was a bold and
willful violation of the Constitution, which,
instead of restoring the Union, establishing
justice, and preserving inviolate the rights of
States and of individuals, has trampled down
both as often as it was believed necessary to
promote party ends.
Let us try the reconstruction acts of Con-
gress by the Constitution, and see if' what has
been stated is not true. The Constitution
provides—
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amend-
ments to this Constitution, or on tho application of
the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States,
shall call a convention for proposing amendments,
which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and
purposes as part of this Constitution when ratified
by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several
States, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as
the one or the other mode of ratification may be
proposed by the Congress."
This defines the whole power of Congress in
the matter of amending the Constitution. And
what is its power? Simply this: Congress
may propose amendments to the Constitution.
This enumerates the whole power of Congress
over this subject. The ratification of amend-
ments to the Constitution, the power to give to
them validity and the force of law, must be by
the voice of the people as expressed through
their representatives in their State Legislatures
or State conventions. The Constitution was
ordained and established by the people through
their representatives in convention, wasadopted
by the people in their capacity as States, and
can only be amended by their free volition as
expressed through their representatives, either
in State Legislatures or State conventions.
Any other mode of amending the Constitution
is a violation of its provisions and adverse to
a government by the people.
But were the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth amendments so adopted? Let the
reconstruction laws of Congress, which' have
blotted our statutes, disgraced our civilization,
and stifled liberty in ten States, answer. The
principal object was to compel the adoption
of the'amendments to the Constitution, which
were intepded as much to secure Republican
supremacy in those States as to free and en-
franchise the slaves.
Under these laws the writ of habeas corpus
was suspended, martial law declared, and the
right of freemen to representation, ''a right
inestimable to them aud formidable to tyrants
only," suppressed; and all of this in violation
of the Constitution of the United States, and for
the purpose of compelling an unwilling people
to yield their assent to these constitutional
amendments, one of which is in the nature of
an ex post facto law, and which degraded below
the rank of citizen the great body of their most
learned, most capable, and most beloved citi-
zens; thus placing it beyond their power in
the day of adversity and prostration to avail
themselves of the services of these men to make
and administer laws for them.
To suppose a legislative body compelled to
pass laws in violation of the wish of its con-
stituents is to suppose a case in which the
voice of the people is hushed and their gov-
ernment at an end; and yet such was the case
in every southern State, under a system of
reconstruction laws passed by a party who
loudly demanded freedom for the people, while
they laid violent hands upon liberty itself.
And now let us see what has been the effect,
of the reconstruction laws and the enforced
amendments in the southern States. Under
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment
all persons who had held the office of elector
of President or Vice President, member of
Congress, or any civil or military office, either
State or national, or who had held any legis-
lative, executive, or judicial office under State
or national authority, and who had taken an
oath, as such, to support the Constitution of
the United States, and afterward engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or given aid or comfort to the enemies
thereof, were disqualified from holding any
office.
These disqualifications reached the great
body of the intelligent and capable men of
the South, and effectually struck down the
liberty of the people, who were permitted to
vote, but net to elect men of their choice, iden-
tified with them in feeling and interest, and
capable of enacting wise laws and administer-
ing them in justice. Theresult was that every
southern State was a defunct Commonwealth;
and we are told that "where the carcass is,
there will the eagles be gathered together."
Such was the case in every southern State.
The people being deprived of the privilege to
elect men of their choice, neglected the polls,
and the better class withdrew their influence
from the affairs of State, while swarms of
adventurers, aided by the bavonet, manipu-
lated the negro vote, controlled elections, and
installed themselves in office.
In the midst of these disgraceful scenes
unprincipled southern men, once loud in their
vociferations for secession, turned their backs
upon their own people and struck hands with
military authority and avaricious adventurers
in placing the iron heel of despotism upon their
fallen countrymen, while the negro, more igno-
rant but less vicious, claimed and obtained
a share of the spoils of office, enabling him to
rule over his former master. Such men, having
obtained control of the southern States, were
quick in commencing the work of havoc, plun-
der, and oppression; salaries were raised, rings
formed, Legislatures bought up, franchise and
subsidies bestowed ; from the county court who
voted an appropriation to build a court-house,
open a road, or bridge a creek, up to the Legis-
lature, who chartered a railroad and voted it
subsidies; all was a scene of corruption and
fraud. The result of all this is that to-day
almost every State in the South is overwhelmed
with debt, and many of them on the verge of
bankruptcy, with a system of taxation unknown
to the most despotic Governments of Europe.
As an evidence of these facts I may state
that in some counties of Arkansas the tax is
over five per cent, upon the assessed value of the
property taxed ; thus sweeping into the coffers
of State in less than twenty years the entire
value of its existing property.
In North Caroliua the State debt, since the
war, has been enormously increased, princi-
pally in aid of railroads which have never been
built; which indebtedness has been contracted
by a reckless governing class, who have not
failed to enrich themselves by the plunder of
that unhappy State, and who have so effect-
ually ruined its credit that its bonds are now
hawked upon the markets at twenty-five cents
for each dollar.
The State debt of Tennessee has been in-
creased more than twenty million dollars
within the last five years, principally during
the administration of a person now seated in
the Senate of the United States, who with his
coadjutors owed their election not to the
voice of the people, but to the reconstruction
laws of Congress and to Federal bayonets.
During the last two years the Legislature of
Louisiana, composed principally 'of negroes
and adventurers, increased the debt of that
State to over fifty million dollars in aid of a
system of internal improvements calculated
to enrich combinations of capital, but to im-
poverish the people.
In all of these States the classes which con-
stitute the pillars of Church and State, and by
whom the revenues are chiefly paid, have been
helpless to defend themselves against these
wrongs or to aid with their wisdom in guiding
the legislation of their States to more fortunate
results, because, by the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment, they are ineligible to the
meanest office within the gift of the people.
Florida, with a population of one hundred
and fifty thousand war-worn and poverty-
stricken people, had by its Legislature, in
1870, fastened upon it a debt of 5315,000,000
by the passage of a single bill in aid of a sin-
gle railroad company.
In South Carolina, impoverished as it is, a
common school system is made to cost the
people more than the aggregate expenditures
of the State in by-gone years of prosperity.
