1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Constitutional Amendments—Mr. McCormick.
Ho. of Eeps.
If we turn to Virginia we are touched bj"
the hard fortune of that old Commonwealth,
whose history in point of interest stands above
them all, whether studied in its earlier pages,
when her Patrick Henry thundered in the ears
of his countrymen, "We must fight-," when
her Jefferson penned the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and her Washington led to victory
the armies of his country, while her Madison
compiled a Constitution which will stand a
monument of his greatness so long as constitu-
tional governments shall be cherished among
men; or in her more recent history, when the
fell hand of war devastated her fields, desolated
her towns, and consigned to untimely graves
fifty thousand of her children, at the close of
which she found herself subjected to military
government and denied the right of represent-
ation in Congress or participation in the affairs
of that Union to which she had given birth.
Whatever may have been the errors of Vir-
ginia, a weakness still for her is felt, when in
the memory cluster recollections of her de
votion to constitutional liberty; of her labor
of love in the formation of our Union ; of ter-
ritories by her given from which whole States
were formed ; of the wisdom of her statesmen
and the devotion of her people, who, in free-
dom's cause, from Bunker Hill to Camden's
plain, gave the last assurance which patriots
may of their devotion to their country's cause.
Wniie Virginia by means of the reconstruction
laws was deprived of representation, the pres-
ent internal revenue law was enacted. Let us
see if she has suffered by the loss of her rep
resentation? Under that law, last year, the
people of Virginia, with all their poverty and
the ^spoliation which tiiey had endured, were
made to pay $4,940,000 of revenue; while the
mx New England States, with all their opulence
and wealth, under the same law was made to
p,«s 8,000.
Having noticed the financial rain of the
southern States by fraud and plunder, perpe-
trated by dishonest and incapable State offi-
cials, elevated to office by means of the recon-
struction measures of Congress and a system
of taxation imposed by them for purposes of
self-aggrandizement, I now propose to notice
the character of legislation inaugurated by
them, and which affect the constitutional rights
of the people over whom they rule.
As the State of Arkansas adjoins my own
I will first notice that. Colonel Clayton, a bold
and bad adventurer, who was elected Gov-
ernor of that State under the reconstruction
laws, by means of Federal bayonets, has prob-
ably dealt the liberties of the people more
fatal blows than any Governor in the southern
States. I will not speak of his recent poverty,
his present prosperity, of the distribution of
$15,000,000 in aid of certain railroads, and of
a system of taxation which pretty effectually
deters emigration to that State and may have
had something to do in the passage of a bill
through the Legislature a day or two since,
providing for an assistantcommissioner of im-
migration, who shall travel North to induce
colored immigration to that State, who, as a
class, have little to fear from taxation, but
who may in future be useful in elections to the
Republican party. What a comment is this
upon the legislation of that State which seeks
to tax the people to encourage the immigra-
tion of a negro population rather than that
of white men 1
As another illustration of the oppressive
legislation in that State, I may here remark
that, under the reconstruction laws of Con^
gress, the present constitution of that State
was required to be submitted to the people
for their ratification or rejection. All supposed
it a free election, in which each person was
entitled to vote for or against the constitution,
as they might think proper. But mark the
consequences. The Legislature of that State,
soon after the adoption of the constitution,
proceeded to enact a law for the registration
of qualified voters, the eleventh section of which
reads as follows:
"Sec. 11. That no person shall be registered who
during the late rebellion took the oath of allegiance
to the United States or gave bond of loyalty or for
good behavior, unless he shall show by satisfactory
evidence that he has ever kept this said oath or bond
inviolate, or that he has openly advocated or voted
for the reconstruction measures of Congress, or voted
for thcconstitution at the civil polisat the constitu-
tional election of 1868."
No legislative enormity equal to this can be
found in the history of any State. A man ex-
ercising the "right of an American citizen, and
for having voted against a constitution submit-
ted to him for his adoption or rejection, is by
the provisions of this law forever deprived of
the right to vote.
On the 7th of January last, when this sub-
ject was under discussion in the House, I took
occasion to make certain remarks which I now
repeat, and which were as follows:
"I aui willing, Mr. Speaker, to leave to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Smttii] the undivided
honor of defending this eleventh section of the regis-
try law of the State ot Arkansas. What, sir, are the
provisions of thisact? Under the law* ot our coun-
try all men charged with crime sire presumed to be
innocent until proven guilty. But in this eleventh
section of this law it is required of the person chal-
lenged orcharged to prove himself innocent, in other
words, to establish a negative, which in law is almost
an impossibility. Itis to reverse the whole order of
evidence in our courts. Yet, gentlemen here upon
the floor of Congress this dav defend it. I hold, Mr.
{Speaker, that by no use of language can this law be
construed into anything else than that it does dis-
franchise men for not having voted tor tho recon-
struction measures of the Congress of the United
States and the constitution of the State of Arkansas.
"Mr. Maynard. Will tho gentleman allow me
to ask him a quehtion?
" Mr. McCormick, ot Missouri. Certainly.
"Mr. Maynard. The question I wish to put to
the gentleman ftom Missouri is. whether he consid-
ers that in requiring to prove his loyalty we require
him, or that anybody requires him, to prove a neg-
ative ?
"Mr. McCormick, of Missouri. I say you must
establish a man's disloyalty, it he is charged with
disloyalty, before you can condemn him for disloy-
alty. If a man is arraigned before a tribunal on any
charge he is not required byour laws, orby the Con-
stitution, or by the principles which govern the
j udieiary of our country , to prove himself innocent.
"Mr.Maynard. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr.McCormick,] who, I under-
stand, is a lawyer, like myself, that when a man
applies to be registered, iu order to show that he is
entitled to be registered,he must bring himself within
the rules, by showing his citizenship, his residence,
his age, and his loyalty. None of these things are
presumed; they are always proved.
"Mr. McCormick, of Missouri. I say that if a
man, presumed to be entitled to vote under the laws
of a State, is challenged before the registering offi-
cers, there is then a case for investigation. But I
contend that he must be proven guilty of the charges
brought against him before he shall be disfranchised
and deprived of the rights of a citizen, and that it
does not and should not devolve upon him to prove
himself innocent. Sir. I have seen this again and
again in the State of Missouri, under a registry law
which was passed in almost exact accordance with
this law of the State of Arkansas. X have seen men
who were arraigned before the supervisors of regis-
tration, charged with having been in sympathy with
those engaged in the rebellion, and they were ^re-
quired to prove their innocence. Sir, it was an im-
possibility. No one can testify to what are the sym-
pathies of any living man, except himself and his
Creator; and such a law, therefore, puts it beyond
the power of the accused to prove himself innocent.
This law is exactly in keeping with thai law in the
State of Missouri. And if gentlemen here wish to
defend the existence of such laws in our country, I
am willing to allow them to claim what credit they
may for taking such a course.
"Mr. Maynard. If thegentleman will allow me,
I would remark that this law is substantially the
same as the laws of Tennessee and of other States
where there have been any requirements as condi-
tions-preccdcnt to registration. The party seeking
registration must show that he is qualified under the
laws governing tho right to vote.
"Mr. McCormick, of Missouri. Under this law,
Mr. Speaker, a man who ha.? been required to take
an oath of allegiance to the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States or to give bonds for good behavior is dis-
franchised upon either of three conditions: first, if
he violated his oath; second, if he refused to coop-
erate in favor of the reconstruction policy of Con-
gress; and third, if he did not vote in favor of the
adoption of the constitution of the State of Arkansas.
"Now, Mr. Speaker,"it is clear thatthose men are
disfranchised for the simple fact that they did not
vote for tho constitution. Tkoy may have taken the
oath of allegiance, and they may not be able to prove
betore the registrar that they have kept that oath;
they may have violated the oath; but if they can
prove that they have voted for the constitution of
the State of Arkansas they are entitled to vote. It
is therefore one of the qualifications of voters in
Arkansas that the voter must have supported the
reconstruction measures of Congress and must have
voted for the adoption of the constitution of the
State of Arkansas. If they have voted against it
they are disfranchised under this law by the very act
of having exercised the right of American freemen.
And yet gentlemen are to-day defending this law
and defending Governor Clayton, who. as the Execu-
tive of the State, must have approved the law Ijefore
it could have gone upon, the statute-book of the
State."
Pending the election iu Arkansas last year,
Governor Clayton, probably satisfied with his
pecuniary success, concluded to be elected to
the Senateofthe United States. Having in his
hands the appointment of all the officers of
registration and judges of election, thereby
holding the right of the people to vote, it was
an easy matter to insure the election of a Legis-
lature that would elect him as Senator. The
bargain was accordingly struckand the arrange-
ment. made. Then commenced a system of
frauds upon the ballot box which are without
parallel in any State. The result was the Legis-
lature, composed largely of the ftiends of Clay-
ton, true to their promise, elected him to the
Seriate on the first ballot. But a few weeks,
however, rolled away before the same Legisla-
ture impeached the same Governor of high
crimes and misdemeanors. Thereupon the
Governor resigned his position in the Senate
and resumed the functions of Governor. Where-
upon a new deal was called for, another bar-
gain proposed, which, when consummated, re-
sulted in the Legislature withdrawing the arti-
clesof impeachment and a second timeelecting
their Governor to the Senate. Such is the
character of the men who control the destiny
of Arkansas, such the crimes against the
rights of its people, and such the legitimate
fruits of reconstruction.
It is needless to refer to the State of Georgia,
whose people at the polls rejected a constitu-
tion framed by a class of negroes and adven-
turers, elected to office by military power, but
which, notwithstanding its rejection, was thrust
upon them by act of Congress, because the
restriction it imposed upon the rights of the
people was thought to be necessary to insure
Radical supremacy in that State.
It were idle to attempt a history of the
wrongs inflicted upon the people of the State
of Mississippi by the reconstruction measures
of Congress ; suffice it to say that in 1870 these
usurpations culminated in the following mili-
tary order:
Headquarters Fourth Military District,
Department of Mississippi,
Jackson, Mississippi, January 14,1870.
I hereby certify that at an election held in the State
of Mississippi on the 30th of November and 1st of
December, 1869, for the ratification of the constitu-
tion of said State and for the election of members
of Congress, the said constitution was ratified; that
article twelve, section twenty-five of said constitu-
tion is as follows:
" Representatives in Congress to fill the existing
vacancies shall be elected at the same time the con-
stitution is- submitted to the electors of the State for
ratification and for the fall term next succeding their
election, and thereafter elections for Representa-
tives in Congress shall be held biennially. The first
election shall be held on the first Tuesday after the
first Monday in November preceding the expiration
of said full term."
And that at said election, under section twenty-
five. article twelve of tho constitution, Legrand "W„
Pebce was elected a member of the Forty-Second
Congress of the United States of Aincrica from the
fifth congressional district of Mississippi.
ADALBERT AMES.
[l. s.] Brev. Maj. Gen, U. S. A. Commanding.
Attest: EAMES LYNCH,
Provisional Secretary of State.
By virtue of this order every Representative
in Congress from the State of Mississippi holds
his seat. And this military order is the only
credential by which the entire delegation hold
their seats as Representatives in two Con-
gresses, never having been voted for except at
