isn,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
basis and objcct of all civil government, and which
are expressly guarantied by the Constitution of the
United States to all its citizens; and as the courts
are rendered utterly powerless, by organized perj ury,
to punish crime, therefore the J udiciary Committee
is instructed to report a bill or bills that will enable
the Provident and the courts of tho United States to
execute the laws, punish such organized violence,
and secure to all citizens the rights so guarantied to
them. *
Sir, tliia resolution is unprecedented in the
history of this Government in the violence of
its language and in the reckless indefiniteness
of its assertions. It specifies no man, no State,
or any part of a State. It is a broadcast charge,
totally without those elements of certainty
which are held necessary to charge the hum-
blest man with the smallest offense known to
our criminal laws. Nay, more; it is totally in-
consistent with itself. Its allegations cannot
stand together. It first alleges these organized
bands, "by force, terror, and violence," have
subverted civil authority, ana next tells you
that it has been done "by organized perjury."
Happily, such a resolution as this has no
precedent in the history of our country. What
is its source to-day ? Does it come from a
committee who have been charged with a
careful examination of the facts by which
such terrible charges could by any method of
justification be based? Not so, sir. There is a
committee raised by this body to which I have
been assigned as one of the minority. It is not
upon their report. It is under no recommenda-
tion from them. What, then, is its origin ? Is
it not the emanation of a party caucus? Is it
not a voice from the secret conclave of party,
without any of the safeguards ofopen discussion,
without any of the safeguards which the laws
of evidence throw around every man and every
community for their protection ? Has it not
been prepared in secret, and can it now be
justified by any open, well-attested fact?
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I do not wish to embarrass him, but I will
state to him that I wrote the resolution at this
desk, and I did not submit it to acaucus before
I introduced it. I think I showed it to sev-
eral friends before I introduced it. At any
rate, I wrote every word of it here at my desk,
and am alone responsible for it.
Mr. BAYARD. It is not my part to in-
quire, nor do I desire to inquire, into these
party secrets ; but I ask the Senator from Ohio
if his resolution has not been considered by
the caucus of his party, and voted upon by
his party in caucus ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the ques-
tion frankly. I do not remember whether the
resolution was read in caucus or not. At any
rate, the caucus agreed that the general sub-
ject of instructing the Committee 011 the Judi-
ciary upon this matter should be acted upon
before we adjourned ; but neither for the res-
olution itself nor any of its allegations are the
caucus responsible, but I alone.
Mr. BAYARD. I still understand there is
not a denial. I am unable to disclose the
secrets of your party caucus. The honorable
Senator himself, who is the draughtsman of
this resolution, does not deny that it has been
passed upon by him and his party friends in
their secret meeting. When legislation in a
body constituted as this is is to have its effi-
cient creation in a secret party caucus we are
but little better off than in those dark days of
Venetian history, in which the Council of Ten
sat in secret and the accusations anonymously
made were thrown into the mouth of tue bronze
lion, standing ready to receive them.
But, sir, no matter where this resolution came
from, it must be proven to be true ; otherwise,
whoever introduces it has a heavy charge to
answer at the hands of his fellow-countrymen.
What is ths authority for these charges? Tho
honorable Senator, in opening his speech on
Saturday, declared that—
Every statement and ev.ery allegation contained
in it, althoueh it is a mclancholy indictment, is, I
am sorry to say, strictly true.
And how does he prove their truth? He
says—
That the Ku Klux Ivlan, (is it is called, under
various names, is now a formidable military power
in cloven States of this Union is shown by all con-
temporaneous history, as well as by tho sworn proof
of great numbers of witnesses given before one of
the committees of this body.
"Contemporaneous historyl" And what
was the fountain from which that was to be
obtained? The clippings of partisan news-
papers, anonymous contributions to the pub-
lic press; and this he dignifies by the name
of " contemporaneous history," and on it asks
that eleven States of the Union shall have this
badge of crime fixed upon their foreheads and
that new measures of coercion shall enable the
President of the United States to exercise an
authority never before attempted under the
Federal Constitution or laws.
"The swoi'n proof of witnesses" before the
special committee! Why, sir, who have been
before the special committee? You have had
fifty-two witnesses. The affairs of what State
have been considered ? The affairs of the State
of North Carolina alone. That is one State
out of the eleven. And how, pray, were they
considered? What would be thought, Sena-
tors, of a trial by jury of the humblest citizen
of our country, if, when his defense was half
through, you closed the case and sent him to
a jury, without the opportunity of having the
witnesses for his defense examined? Here,
then, is the fact that as to ten of these eleven
States the honorable Senator has not a single
witness, not one. There is not the oath of
one man before that committee that touches
the affairs of any SLate except North Carolina.
Now, I ask you, as I have swept away from
ten States the whole of his alleged "sworn
testimony," what, then, will he rely upon as
to them? " Contemporaneous history and
I have asked what he calls " contemporaneous
history," and it turns out to be clippings from
newspapers, anonymous articles which might
well have been suggested or published for the
very purpose of creating such testimony as this.
Eleven States are charged by him in his
speech, although his resolution speaks only of
" large parts of the late insurrectionary States."
Prom those eleven States, thanks to the pres-
ence and to the prompt denial of the Senators
from Virginia, each representing a different
political party m that State, he was compelled
to exclude Virginia from his indictment, and
to admit, as he does here in his speech, that
he is " perfectly aware there is no testimony
showing this organization to exist in Virginia."
And again he repeats "that Virginia is ex-
pressly exempted " from his charge now made
against all the other eleven. I might say some-
thing of Kentucky. A single case was cited
by him of violence against the person of a
negro United States official; but that case lias
been answered by the proper representative
of Kentucky. She has spoken in this Chamber
in the voice of one of her own honored sons,
and the refutation has been so complete that 1
think the attempt never will be made again,
even by the honorable Senator from Ohio, to
revive the charge that tho state of affairs in
Kentucky has justified the language of his
resolution.
Andhere, sir, Iamnotunmindfulof oneother
fact. Virginia is one of those States termed
" the late insurrectionary States." The country
will not forget the fact that, when the Senator
from Ohio stands here to indict all the others
and is compelled to except Virginia, he ex-
cepts the only State where a Democratic admin-
istration has prevailed since the readmission
of the State to the Union. Judge of the tree
by its fruits. You cannot, you dare not charge
any of these offenses to Virginia. The only one
of those States in which peace and order and
safety to property and person >have existed,
by your own confessions, is a State controlled
by a Democratic administration ever since she
was readmitted to the Union.
Sir, as I have said, we have the testimony of
fifty-two witnesses on this subject, and it relates
to the State of North Carolina alone. There-
fore to that State shall my remarks be con-
fined to-day. I have shown you there is not
one word of anything rising to the dignity of
testimony in regard to any other State. The
only testimony before this body and the coun-
try that has ever taken the shape of sworn
allegation is in respect of North Carolina. So,
sir, I will proceed to consider affairs in that
State.
And here, let me ask Senators, in what tem-
per should weapproaeh such asubject as this?
If this resolution be true, the very existence
of republican government is in question, over
eight millions of white men and from some
three to four millions of negroes, all of whom
by our laws now are fellow-citizens.* And,
sir, is not the commentary timely that here,
in the year of grace 1871, after the Radical
party have had unbounded control of those
States, where for six years their will has been
the law, unchecked and untrammeled, what, is
the result? In what has your attempt at gov-
ernment resulted if the facts as charged to -day
be true? Was ever a more confessed failure
to administer the affairs of so great a country
that, at the end of these six long, weary years
of untrammeled power, you have nothing bet-
ter left than to denounce the work of your
own hands and to admit that you have utterly
failed to administer or to maintain republican
governments throughout eleven States ? I say
that when we approach such a question as this,
when the Senate, whether with or without
proper power, sees fit to resolve itself into a
grand inquest on tho condition of affairs in
eleven States, certainly their temper should
be judicial and restrained, as befits the nature
of their occupation.
The honorable Senator from Ohio announced
that he did not make this speech " forthepur-
pose of creating a sensation, but simply for the
purpose of performing his duty." Let us com-
pare his acts with his promises.
Why, sir, if in the records of congressional
debate there has been m-ore wholesale vilifica-
tion of a people, and not only of a people but
of individuals, than is contained in the honor-
able Senator's speech, I know not where to
seek for it. He has charged bodies of men
with the foulest crimes. Here I find in his
speech that he refers to the fifty or sixty citi-
zens of the counties of Alamance and Caswell
who were arrested by Kirk and his followers
under the order of Governor Holden, taken
without legal process from their homes and
families, held in most cruel imprisonment, and
he calls on the Senate to notice that this im-
prisonment was "after these men had been
guilty of murder themselves." He says that
they "had robbed and plundered and whipped
and scourged in that county," and for that
reason any treatment of them by Kirk and
Bergen was justifiable and proper.
Sir, the Senator was very reckless there.
The evidence will show that some of the old-
est and the purest citizens of North Carolina
were subjected to that cruelty and those indig-
nities. Among them was one gentleman who
came before the committee—an honorable, up-
right man, the peer in all respects of any man
in this Chamber—I refer to John Kerr, of
Yanceyville, North Carolina, a gentleman of
integrity, of intelligence, of unspotted life,
who served with honor in the Congress of the
Uuited States, and who could have continued
his service had not his conscience forbidden
him to associate with the Know-Nothing party
and take the oaths of that secrct political
organization.
