1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Mr. Chandler. Very well.
" Mr. Sumnek. The Senator isperfectly aware that
the first question is whether the resolution shall be
considered to-day.
" Mr. Chandler. Precisely; I know that.
" Mr. Sumner. I merely wish the rule to be fol-
lowed.
" Mr. Chandler. I wish to state a very few rea-
sons tor presenting the resolution.
" Mr. Sumner. The reasons cannot be assigned,
th e Senator is aware, until the resolution is received.
" Mr. Chandlek. Very well; X will adhere to the
strict letter of the rule, then,
" Mr. Sumner. The Senator will send his resolu-
tion to the Chair.
"The President pro tempore, I suppose strictly
the resolution should first be read for information,
that the Senate may judge whether it is in order
under the late rule,"
And under this order it was read.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask to have my resolution
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported. It is not yet received, the Chair will
state to the Senator. The question of order i3
pending upon its reception.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Nor was it re-
ceived yesterday, because the point of order
prevented its being received, and therefore it
has not lain over one day for consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be read for inform-
ation merely.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolutions regarding the employment of the Navy
of the United States on the coasts of St. Domingo
during the pendency of negotiations for the acqui-
sition of part of that island.
AVhereas any negotiations by one nation with, a
people inferior in population aud power, having in
view the acquisition of territory, should be above all
suspicion of influence from superior force, and in tes-
timony to this principle Spain boasted thattherein-
corporation of Dominica with her monarchy in 1861
wa,s accomplished without tho presence of a single
Spanish ship on the coast, or a Spanish soldier on tho
land, all of which appears in official documents; and
whereas the United States being a Republic, founded
on the rights of man, cannot depart from such a
principle and such a precedent without weakening
the obligations of justice between nations, and in-
flicting a blow upon republican institutions: There-
fore,
1. Resolved, That in obedience toeorreet principle,
and th*at republican institutions may not suffer, the
naval forces of the United States should be with-
drawn from the Coasts of St. Domingo during the
pendency of negotiations for the acquisition of any
part of that island.
'2. Resolved, That every sentiment of justioe is dis-
turbed by the employment of foreign force in the
maintenance of a rulor engaged in selling his coun-
try, and this moral repugnance is increased when
it is known that the attempted sale is in violation
of the constitution of the country to be sold; that,
therefore, tho employment of our Navy to maintain
Baez in usur;)5d power whilo attempting to sell his
country to tho United States in open violation of the
Dominican constitution, is morally wrong, and auy
transaction founded upon it must be null and void.
3. Resolved, TbatsincetheEquality of all Nations,
without regard to population, size, or power, is an
axiom of international law, as the equality of ail
men is an axiom of our Declaration of Independ-
ence, nothing can be done to a small or weaknation
that would not be done to a largo or powerful nation
or that we would not allow to be done to ourselves ;
and therefore any treatment of the republic of Hay ti
by the Navy of the United States inconsistent with
this principle is an infraction of international law
in one of its great safeguards, and should be disa-
vowed by the Government of the United States.
4. Resolved, That since certain naval officers of
the United States, commanding large war-vessels,
including the monitor Dictator and the frigate Sev-
ern, with powerful armaments, acting under instruc-
tions from the Executive and without tho authority
of an act of Congress, bavo entered one or more
ports of the Republic of Hayti, a friendly nation,
and under the men ace of open aud iustant war have
coerced and restrained that Republic in its sover-
eigns and independence under international law ;
theiefore. in justice to the Republic of Hayti, also
in recognition of its equal rights in tho family of
nations, and iu deference to the fundamental Princi-
ples of our institutions, these hostile acts should be
disavowed by the Government of the United States.
5. Resolved, That under the Constitution of the
United States the power to declare war is placed
under the safeguard of an act of Congress; that too
President aione cannot declare war; that this is a
peculiar principle of our Government by which it is
distinguished from monarchical Governments, where
power to declare war, as also the treaty-making
power, is in the Executive alone ; that in pursuance
of this principle the President cannot, by any act
of his own, as by an unratified treaty, obtain any
such power, and thus divest Congress of its control;
and that therefore the employment of the Navy
without tho authority of Congress in acts of hostility
against a friendly foreign nation, or iu belligerent
intervention in the affairs of a foreign nationals an
infraction of the Constitution of the United States
and a usurpation of power not conferred upon the
President.
6. Resolved, That while the President, without any
previous declaration of war by act of Congress,
may defend the country against invasion by foreign
enemies, he is not justified in exercising the same
power in an outlying foreign island, which has not
yet become part of the United States; that a title
under an unratified treaty is at most inchoate and
contingent, while it is created by the President
alone, in which respect it differs from any such title
created by act of Congress: and since it is created
by the President alone, without tho support of law,
whether in legislation or a ratified treaty, the em-
ployment of the Navy in the maintenance of the
Government there is without any excuse of national
defense, as also without any excuse of a previous
declaration of war by Congress.
7. Resolved, That in any proceedingsforthe acqui-
sition of part of the island of St. Domingo, whatever
may be its temptations of soil, climate, and produc-
tions, there must be no exercise of influence by
superior force, nor any violation of public law,
whether international or constitutional; and there-
fore tbe present proceedings, which Save been con-
ducted at great cost of money, under the constant
shadow of superior force, and through tho belliger-
ent intervention of our Navy, acting in violation of
international law, and initiating war without an act
of Congress, must be abandoned, to the end that
justico may be maintained and that proceedings so
adverse to correct principles may not become an
example for the future.
8. Resolved, That instead of seeking to acquire
part of the island of St. Domingo by belligerent in-
tervention, without the authority of an act of Con-
gress, it would have been in better accord with the
principles of our Republic, and its mission of peace
and beneficence, had our Government, in the spirit
of good neighborhood and by friendly appeal, instead
of belligerent intervention, striven for the establish-
ment of tranquillity throughout the whole island, so
that tho internal dissensions of Dominica and its
disturbed relations with Hayti might be brought to
a close, thus obtaining that security which is the
first condition of prosperity, all of which, being in
the nature of good offices, would have been without
any violation of international law, and without any
usurpation of war powers under the Constitution of
the United States,
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, I ask
that those resolutions be printed, and I give
notice 
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not
yet received; the Senate have not yet decided
that they can be received ; and consequently
they cannot be printed except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to inquire under
which of the qualifications stated by the Chair
on the question of order the Chair thinks these
resolutions fall?
The VICE PRESIDENT. '< Expressive of
the opinion of the Senate" is the obvious
answer to the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had that impression.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Exactly like the
resolutions in relation to Maximilian's decrees
in Mexico which were offered in the session of
1867. The question is, Will the Senate con-
sider this resolution in order under, the resolu-
tion heretofore adopted by them?
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. What do I understand is
the objection to the reception of these resolu-
tions on any side of this Chamber ? I mean
upon what ground is the objection put? I
should like the Senator from New York to
state, because I think we may fall into an error
by adopting too narrow a construction of the
resolution adopted by the Senate the other
day. I heard and listened very attentively to
the statement first made by the Vice Presi-
dent as to the classes of resolutions which he
thought might be received under the resolution
of the Senator from Rhode Island. It struck
me, however, that there were other resolutions
manifestly essential to the transaction of any
business by this body which had been over-
looked by the Vice President, such as reso-
lutions for a call of the Senate; to send the
Sergeantat-Arms for absent members; to
fill a vacancy created by death or otherwise
among the officers of this body; resolutions
to adjourn ; and a great variety of resolutions
beyond those which I have stated. All of these
resolutions, I think it must be conceded, are
resolutions admissible under any view of the
resolution of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The VIGE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will allow the Chair to state that he
did not attempt to give a catalogue, but to give
general qualifications in his mind. The Chair
could add several others; for instance, a reso-
lution to adjourn over three days, which is
known in the Constitution, but which is not in
the rules, and is also transcribed on the legis-
lative Journal of the Senate. The Chair only
attempted to classify the more important res-
olutions, excluding one class and including
another, as a guide to the future decisions of
the Senate, or to bis rulings from the Chair.
Mr. CASSERLY. I made the suggestion
simply to call the attention of the Senate to
this point: that, after all, the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurman] was undoubtedly eorrect
and safe when he said the course to be adopted
was to decide on this case, and upon every
other subsequent case as it might arise, upon
its merits, without undertaking to adopt at this
time, or indeed at any time, any general defi-
nition of resolutions that were admissible. I
submit that the true way is to deal with this
resolution by itself, and on its own merits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the exact
question now submitted to the Senate. The
Senator from Ohio desired the Chair, not sub-
mitting other questions, to submit this ques-
tion separately. The Chair acquiesced in it,
and this question is now before the Senate, it
being not a concurrent resolution, nor a joint
resolution, but a Senate resolution expressive
of the opinion of the Senate whether it cam
be received under the present order of the
Senate.
Mr. COLE. In reply to the inquiry of my
colleague I will state, for myself alone, that
the resolution, in my judgment, assumes a
good deal of conclusions not founded in fact;
that it is based, in my judgment, upon mere
rumor and the imagination, to a great extent, I
will not say of the Senator from Massachusetts,
but of some one who has furnished him what
purports to be information on the subject. I
think it is not founded in fact to any consider-
able extent.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say, in reply to my
friend, that my resolutions are based in every
word upon executive documents, and when £
come to present the case to the Senate they
will find that I do not, in one single word,
depart from the official record.
Mr. FRKLINGHUYSEN. Unless 
Mr. COLE. I will not debate it; but 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the merits of this proposition are
not now before the Senate. The question
before the Senate is the question of its recep-
tion under this rule. The Senator from New
Jersey is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Unless the ob-
jection I see to receiving this resolution is
removed, I shall vote against its reception,
and I will state the reason in order that it may
be removed. The resolution adopted by tbe
Senate excludes all legislative business except
two resolutions, which are specified; one re-
port, which is specified; and one bill, which is
specified ; and I understand the rule of con-
struction to be that the expression of one or
more things excludes those not expressed.
The object of the rule, we all know, was to
confine the legislation of the Senate, the busi-
ness of the Senate, to tbe very items which
are expressed—the two resolutions, the bill in
reference to southern outrages and the appro-
priation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey will pardon the Chair if he will
state to him that he considered that branch of
this discussion before he made his statement
from the chair. If this resolution had read
as the restrictive resolution of 1867 did, which
commenced as follows:
" Resolved. That the business of this session he
confined to removing the obstructions," &e.—
the view of the Senator might be correct;
but this resolution reads differently, for what
