16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
The honorable Senator spoke of the treat-
ment by Colonel Kirk aad his lieutenant col-
onel, Bergen, of these prisoners as 14 not quite
so courteous." He spoke of it being "rude,"
and he asks, "What has all this to do with the
case?" because, as he said, they were doing
what was right by the men they had in custody.
Now, I want the Senate and the country to see
what it is that a Seuator of the United States
standing here in his place, with his official and
personal responsibility, puts before the coun-
try as treatment not "quite as courteous " as
ought to be of a defenseless prisoner. I read
from page 321, from the testimony of one
Lucien H. Murray :
On the 27th of July I understood from 'Squire
"William e. Albright that I was going- to be arrested.
I had a very sick sister in Guilford, and I got in a
bugey and went to see herthnt day. I knew it would
giv"e her a great deal of trouble, and I went up and
told her I was to be arrested and that sheshouldnot
be uneasy. I came back the next morn in % and was in-
formed that Bergen had been there theday before to
make my arrest, and had left word for me to report
to his camp as soon as Icainein, at Company's Shops.
I said, "All light; just as soon as I can get my
clothes changed." I h d on linen clothes. So I
changed my clothes, and got a young man to take
me up and bring my horse and buggy back.
Question. How far off was it?
Jnsincr. Two miles. 1 went in and reported to
Colonel Bergen. v
Qw-xtion. Did you know him?
Answer. No, sir; I asked it he was Lieutenat Col-
onel Ijergen. He told me he ranked as colonel. I
told him my name was Murray, and I understood ho
had been down to make arrests the day betorc. lie
said, "All right; you arc the very bird we want."
Hetoldmcto go into prison. I wentinthatevening,
lie called me out to his Quarters about an hour by
sun and asked me if I belonged to the order. I
denied it to him—told him I did not.
Question. What order did he sny?
Answer. Ku Klux. He then asked me if I did not
see Adolphus Moore tie a rope around Outlaw's neck
the niuht he was hung I told him X did not. He
asked me what X saw that night. I stated what I
have stated here about what X had seen. He then
told me j was telling him a damned He. I told him
X wj.s telling the truth. lie then said, "If you don't
telf me alt about it I will break your damned neck."
I told him 1 can't help that." Says he, "Goon
back to > our quartets; I will have it all out of you.
It 1 can't get it one way I will get it in another."
It went on that night till about one o'clock, then
Colonel Bergen came to my tent with a candle in his
hand. I had not gone to sleep. I raised up my
head. S.rd he, "Is that you. Murray?" Said I,
41 It is," and lie walked back to his tent. In a short
time became back again withoutanycandle, touched
me on my feet, and told me to get up and come out.
X asked him if I could put on my shoes. He told mo
"No, yon won't, have any use for them long." I
went out, and he took me into his tent with three
other men. They all had pistols. He told me I must
now make a confession; if I did not he would blow
my damned heart out.
Question. He had a pistol in his hand?
A ameer. Yes, sir.
Question. Cocked?
Answer. No, sir; he did not have it cocked then.
He with sitting on the bed.
Question. How many men had he?
Answer. Three men. I told him I knew of nothing
to confess. Said I, " Colonel, X have told you all I
k«<>w, and I can't tell you any more."
Q\u-ition.. Youthen told liiin about what you had
told us?
Answer, Just what I told you, about the same thing,
lie told me then, "You are a damned liar," and got
up. aud all four of them cocked their pistols, and he
toid me if I did not confess he wouid blow my heart
out.
Queition. Pointed the pistols at your breast?
Answer. Yes, sir. I told him I hadnothing tocon-
fess. " Well," said he, " Patton and Rogers (George
XX.) knew nothing till they were hung up, then they
could tell all about it; and you must do the same."
Ho went on to say that he had affidavits filed in
his office, that had been made that I did know all
about the hanging of the nogro. I told him I could
not tell him anything. Then he put a rope around
my neck, took me out to a piece of woods aboutsev-
enty-five yaids,tied my hands behind me, and led
me up to a tree, throw the rope over a limb, and
asked mc if I was ready to make my confession. I
told him I had no confession to make. Then they
drew me up off the ground and let me hang there a
little while—not long.
Question. Brew you up by the neck oil the ground?
Answei. I think not.
Question. By a slip-knot?
Answer. It was a slip-knot.
Question. Choked you?
Answer. Yes, choked me pretty bad; lot me hang
a little while; it did not hurt me; then let mc down,
and asked me if I was ready to confess. I told him
I had no confession to make. Said he, "If you do
not confess5I will break yourdamned neck," and he
gathered the rope again, and he and another one
pulled me up very roughly, and suspended me a
great deal longer than he did before; 1 cannot tell
how long. I hung there till I was unconscious; suf-
fered all the pain till I became unconscious. He
then let me down. I was not able to stand. When
I came to, I was leaning or sitting up against the
tree, and a few men were rubbing me.
Question. To rouse and restore you to conscious-
ness?
Answer. Isupposeso; that was the notion. They
had taken the rope off my neck. When I got so I
could speak he asked me if I was ready to make
confession. I told him I had none to make; thatl
knew nothing to confess. Ho then gave tho order
to put the rope on my neck again, and told the ser-
geant, "Hang him up to the limb, and let him hang
till eight o'clock to-moTrow, then cut him down and
bury him under the tree on which he hung;" and he
just remarked to me that if I had anything to say—
my last words—to speak. I told him I had nothing
to say, but if he hung me up to that tree till I was
dead, that he would have but three more days. He
asked me to give an explanation of that word. I did
so. I told him, "You maybe aliveto-morrowmorn-
ing and you may not; you may be hanging to a limb
close by; if you hang mcdcad, lam sure you will
go thro ugh the very same thing." The colonel stopped
then, stayed a little while, and gave me till ten o'clock
the next night to make my confession, and told me
if I did not confess by that time he would take me
out and kill me dead. I t«->]d him, "I have no con-
fession to make. I never expect to make any more
than I have." Then the rope was taken from my
neck, my hands untied, and I was carried back to
the camp. told me I should not say anything
about what passed that night; if I ever divulged it
he would kill me on sight. Well, of course, I never
did say anything about it till I was released by
Judge Brooks at Salisbury.
The testimony of George S. Rogers will show
a little more of what that Senator so tenderly
terms " treatment uotquite so courteous." At
page 311 George S. Rogers, another witness,
says, after describing his arrest by Kirk, who
told him that he was arrested by order of Gov-
ernor Holden :
Question. How did you go?
Answer. On horseback.
Question. Whose horse?
Answer. _My own. I got to the camp that night
between nine and ten o'clock, and was putin a tent
under guard, and kept there till the next day about
ten o'clock; then Bergen came to the tent where I
was, and told mc he wanted mo to go to his tent. He
told me I must tell who hung Wyatt Outlaw. I told
him I did not know. He said, "You are a damned
liar; I know you do know." Then he remarked,
"Don't you know that 'Dolph Moore and Jim Hun-
ter were the men who hung Outlaw ?" 1 told him I
did not know. He said again I was a damned liar.
He told me he would give me till that night to tell;
and if 1 did not tell he would make me tell. He said.
"I will break your damned neck if you do not tell."
Then he told me to go to my tent and stay there.
That night, about ten o'clock, he caine to my tent
and told me to come up to his tent. I went there,
and he asked me then ifl would confess thatl knew
who hung Outlaw. I told him I could not, I did not
know. Again he said I was a damned liar, and went
for a rope. Pistols were lying on the bed; and he
picked up his pistol. I stepped outside of his tent.
He put a rope around my nock, and led me off to the
woods about seventy-five or one hundred yards, and
asked me then if I would tell. Isaid I couldnottel),
I did not know. Then he ordered the lieutenant
to pull me up.
Question. Wag the rope put around your neck with
the running noose?
Answer. Yes, sir. He stood in front of me with a
pistol cooked, fastened the rope, and tho lieutenant
pulled it until it was tight.
Question. Did it raise you off your feet?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. It was pulled until the rope was tight?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did it choke you somewhat ?
Answer. Yes. sir.
Question. How long did he keep you that way?
Answer. I suppose about a minute; he told his
lieutenant, "That will do "—I think tho3e are the
words—and the lieutenant let me down. He asked
me then ifl would confess. I told him I had no con-
fession to make; then he told me to say my prayers.
I think then he asked me if I had anything to say.
I told him I had nothing to say; then, after making
several threats to kill me or shoot me, he took the
rope off my neck, and going back to the tent he said,
" I believe, Rogers, you are telling the truth, and I
will do all I can to release you to-morrow; but I can-
not do it without orders from the Governor."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
now if both those witnesses did not testify that
they were members of the Ku Klux Klan and
had taken the oath?
Mr. BAiTARD. They did say so. Their
testimony is here, and if the Senate will take
the trouble to read it, they will discover that
their connection with this order lasted but a
few months, and that there never had been one
of these acts properly described as outrageous
with which these men had ever any connection
whatever. At page 307, Roger's evidence, the
oath was but partially read to him, and portions
of it he never took. There is no pretense that
they had. I only wish the Senate could have
seen the face of one of these young fellows
described by the Senator from Ohio as a sol-
dier of the " rebel army/' and he barely twenty
yearaold, who must have reached the mature
age of thirteen or fourteen to have brought
him into the rebel army in 1865! I wish they
could have seen his frank, boyish countenance
and thought of what the honorable Senator
from Ohio calls the "not quite so courteous
treatment" that this horrible miscreant Kirk
inflicted upon him. I state the fact of this
boy's age to show that he never could have
been a soldier in the rebel army. To-day he is
but twenty years old ; the war ceased in 1865.
I shall presently show the Senate, by the testi-
mony of their own witnesses, who the class of
men are who ever did belong to this organiza-
tion ; and how unjust, unkind an aspetsion it
is of the brave men who did fill that army to
class them with the cowardly hounds who com-
mitted these outrages upon helpless people.
Well, sir, the honorable Senator did notfind
that treatment "so courteous," and that is his
defense; but what further do we find? While
these men were in the custody of Kirk and
Bergen, they were told that in case an attempt
was made to rescue them they should instantly
be murdered. At page 312 the very witness
whose testimony I last, read from declares :
Question. Did you hear Kirk say anything about
what he would do with the prisoners at Yanceyville
in case he was attacked ? '
Answer. I did not hear him; but I heard some of
his men say that they would kill every prisoner
there—shoot every damned prisoner, that was the
remark—bum the town, and kill the women and
children.
On the next page the same witness says:
Question. Were you informed, and were the pris-
oners informed while you were in Kirk's custody,
that he intended to try you by court-martial?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did Bergen tell you that too?
Answer. Yes, sir; Bergen told me we would be tried
by court-martial.
Question. Did he tell you whether you would be
hung or not?
Answer. He did not tell me that; some of his men
said so—some of his guards.
Question. What did they say ?
An&wer. They said a great many of uswould never
see home again.
At page 404, Kirk said to Mr. John Kerr,
as detailed by the latter, in substance:
That if an attack was made on him, the first thing
done would be to shoot down the prisoners, I pro-
tested against any such barbarism as that, and others
protested. He said he should do it, and my impres-
sion is (I have thought a good deal about it, and
endeavored as far as possible to recollect the very
language) that he said if any such attempt was made
he was instructed to shoot them down.
Remember, Senators, the source from which
his instructions were obtained was the Gov-
ernor of North Carolina, William W. Holden.
At all events he said first of all he would do it, and
finally he said he would not onlyshoot down all the
prisoners, but he would murder every man, woman,
and child, and fire thetown.
Here are the facts. Fifty or sixty unarmed
men were taken without writ, without color of
law of any kind, dragged from their homes,
kept by these ruffians in their camps, tortured
in the manner that I have shown, threatened
with death instantly should an attempt be
made for their rescue; not only were they to
be murdered, helpless prisoners, but the women
and children of the town were to be put to fire
and sword. And such conduct as this, Sen-
ators, is absolutely justified on the floor of the
United States Senate by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio when he said that "if they
attacked him to rescue from him prisoners
whom he held under the law"—what law?
no law; the tyrannical order of this Governor
Holden—" he waa bound to prevent a rescue
