2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
body, nor into a reluctance to consider any
§ articular question. I beg now to say that the
enator from Massachusetts will encounter
from me no objection to his addressing the Sen-
ate on this question, either on Monday or on as
many days as shall adapt themselves to his con-
venience. On the contrary, as far as I have
any volition in regard to it, I beg to say that I
hope the Senator will have the most abundant
opportunity to deliver his views, and I hope he
will avail himself of that opportunity.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall.
Mr. CONKLING. Had the honorable Sen-
ator yesterday asked unanimous consent to
offer the resolutions or unanimous consent to
.address the Senate, I can with the utmost sin-
cerity assure him and everybody else that no
objection would have come from me. What
I have done was in the interest of the rule,
which I shall insist on all occasions shall not
be broken down, although I shall be very glad
to give my share of unanimous consent to any
member of this body for any purpose which
addresses itself to him.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cole] yield to the
Senator from Maine?
Mr. SUMNER, May I be pardoned one
moment?
Mr. COLE. I am afraid I shall lose the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor. If he yields,
he wiil state to whom.
Mr. COLE. I yield to the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I only wish- to say one word.
I voted against laying this subject on the table
for the simple reason that I desired that the
Senator from Massachusetts should have the
opportunity to speak upon it. I wanted him
to have that opportunity. I did not vote to
lay it on the table because I thoughtJ;he reso-
lutions were in order; I do not believe they
are; but what may be out of order here is
very often allowed to be done by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate. I voted upon
the same rule that I would have agreed to give
unanimous consent. I wanted him to have the
opportunity of expressing his views.
Mr. SUMNER. One moment. May I take
advantage of what I may call the era of good
feeling inaugurated by the Senator from New
York, who has expressly declared that he
speaks only in the interest of the rule, and
that if I had made an appeal for unanimous
consent he would not have objected ? May I
make that appeal now, sir, and ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce the
resolutions on the table? I make that appeal,
Mr, President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
that he may present the resolutions which
have been laid upon the Secretary's desk and
read. For what purpose?
Mi-. SUMNER. To take their place on the
Calendar,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not for present
consideration ?
_Mr. SUMNER. Not for present consider-
ation.
Mr. MORTON, I hope they will be re-
ceived unanimously.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the resolutions will be received and
placed on the Calendar. They have already
been ordered to be printed. If the Senate
will indulge the Chair further, the Chair will
say that he desired, on the point made by the
Senator from New York, to submit this mat-
ter to the Senate, without respect to the par-
ticular topic named in these resolutions, so
that the decision should cover the larger ques-
tion as to the construction of the words "legis-
lative business." His attention having now
^®eu drawp by the Senator from New York
(for which he thanks him) to the fact that that
phrase was contained in the resolution adopted
in 1867, and he having subsequently ascer-
tained that the unanimous decision of the
Senate at that time on the resolution of the
Senator from Rhode Island, embracing the
word " legislative," was that an inhibition of
legislative business does not exclude resolu-
tions of inquiry, the Chair will hereafter,
unless the Senate should desire that question
to be submitted to them, rule, in accordance
with that decision, that the words " legislative
business," in the resolution adopted at this
session, do not, any more than they did in 1867,
exclude resolutions of inquiry. That point
seems to be settled by the action of 1867.
order or business.
Mr. "SUMNER. Taking advantage of the
ruling of the Chair 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor on the unfin-
ished business of yesterday; and the morning
hour has expired.
Mr. SUMNER. But still I appeal to my
friend just for one minute.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Massachu-
setts is taking a great many advantages of the
good nature of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. No. When the Senator
has heard the resolution which I now hold in
my hand, he will find that there is no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. COLE. I would rather make the motion
which I propose to submit.
Mr. SUMNER. This is a resolution of
inquiry, which will pass as a matter of course.
Mr. COLE. I cannot tell that.
Mr. SUMNER. It i3 a brief resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Sawyer] also wishes to present a
resolution of inquiry. If I yield to one I must
yield to another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor on the unfin-
ished business of yesterday, which is the reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] directing the Committee on the
Judiciary to report a certain bill.
Mr. COLE. I do not rise to debate the
pending question, but simply to ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that there is before
the Senate still a little legislative business
proper to be transacted. I move that the pend-
ing order be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed with the deficiency appropriation bill.
_ Mr. SAWYER. Before the Senator takes
his seat 1 wish to correct him. I understood
him to state that I had a resolution of inquiry
to offer.
Mr. COLE. I understood it to be that. The
Senator yesterday was exceedingly anxious to
get in some business.
Mr. SAWYER. It was some morning busi-
ness, which has already been done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to postpone the present and
all other orders, for the purpose of considering
the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will
not take this course, because this deficiency
bill, when finally acted upon, must be acted
upon, as we all know, by a prolonged session.
I am directed by the Committee on Finance to
report an amendment to it, if I have an oppor-
tunity to do so; and I know if it is called up
to-day it will not be disposed of. I think my-
self that the action of the Senate on the res-
olution now pending will facilitate matters.
We can act on the appropriation bill while
the Judiciary Committee are pursuing their in-
vestigations under that resolution. I hope my
friend from California will not make his motion
now. It is always usual to allow appropriation
bills to pass at the heel of the session, because,
in a great Government like ours, little necessi-
ties of amendments arise,and it maybe neces-
sary to further amend this bill.
Mr. COLE. It is, as stated by my friend
from Ohio, usual for the appropriation bills,
or some one of them, to pass at the very heel
of the session ; and in such cases to be loaded
down with extraneous propositions which ought
not to be on such bills. Now, I desire to avoid
any such dilemma. I hope we may get through
with this appropriation bill in a very little
while—at least before the adjournment of the
session ; and as it has been pending here, partly
considered, for several days, and has been
giving place to almost every other conceivable
proposition and to discussion without limit
upon nearly every topic that can be imagined,
I hope it may now be finished and completed.
There are a good many amendments that Sen-
ators propose to offer to the bill, which will
be offered, I presume, in the course of its con-
sideration. The Senator at my left [Mr. Sher-
man] states that he has an amendment. Of
course he may offer it, as the rest are offered,
and it will come up for the consideration of
the Senate. We shall make no progress with
this bill if we wait for the consideration or
disposition of the pending proposition of the
Senator from Ohio. It will consume nearly
all the session—perhaps the whole of it—and
I should not be surprised if the Senate should
take it into their heads all of a sudden to ad-
journ in the midst of that, and thus leave this
important bill which the country needs, which
the Government needs, which the Departments
are calling for, unpassed or undisposed of.
Now give me but a little time to dispose of
this bill, and then go on with the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio; and that being dis-
posed of, under the order we have already
established, we can adjourn. But we cannot
adjourn, we ought not to adjourn, until this
appropriation bill has had full and fair con-
sideration, which it can only have while we
are not under so great pressure as we shall be
in the last hour of the session, as is suggested
by my friend from Ohio. I hope the Senate
will allow us to take up the appropriation bill,
by postponing the present order, and dispose
of it.
Mr. POMEROY. The condition of things
that the Senator from California seems to fear
cannothappen. Legislative matter, extraneous
matter as he calls it, cannot be considered a3
an amendment to an appropriation bill under
the rule we have just adopted. You cannot do
indirectly what you cannot do directly. It is
against the spirit of the rule we have adopted
to consider legislative business, and you can-
not get around that by moving it as an amend-
ment on an appropriation bill and by that
means consider legislative business. So I say
that the condition of things the Senator appre-
hends and fears cannot happen. He can at any
time confine his appropriation bill to matters
of appropriation legitimately under the bill.
If the order that has been under discussion this
morning had not been adopted, we could move
all sorts of legislation upon it.
Mr. COLE. I will state, for the information
of the Senator from Kansas, that if this bill
is taken up there is a resolution to be offered
which will, if it passes the Senate, give direc-
tion to the bill and will confine it to proper
objects.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator refer
to the resolution I propose to offer?
Mr. COLE. I do.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a resolution.
Mr. COLE. I ask that it be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. ANTHONY. On the suggestion of the
Senator from Kansas I do not know that this
resolution is necessary; and if it is not, it need
not be presented. -
Mr. COLE. I apprehend it is necessary.
Mr. ANTHONYI I send it to the desk to
be read.
The resolution was read as follows:
.W^at no amendment to the pending bill
(li. it. ao. 19; making appropriations for the pay-
ment of additional clerks and messengers in the
I eiiEioa Office, and for other purposes, shall bo
