1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
received unless its object be to supply a deficiency
in the appropriations Tor the current fiscal year, or
for the fiscal year ending June SO, 1872.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Rhode Island that he add the
word "hereafter," so that it shall not apply
to anything already adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
the effect of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall object to that dec-
laration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects to the consideration of the reso-
lution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment
to offer to the bill, which I believe everybody
will consent to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then let the resolution
lie over until to-morrow, and I shall call it up ;
and I shall seek to test the sense of the Senate
as to whether, under the name of a deficiency
bill, we are going into tariff and revenue re-
form, the boundaries of States, and judicial
districts, and all other kinds of legislation,
and into San Domingo and everything else.
Everything can come in on that deficiency
bill unless there be some restriction, as I hope
will be the case; and I suppose from that
point being made by the Senator from Kansas,
who stands preeminent among us for his par-
liamentary knowledge, the order under which
wc are now acting may render my resolution
unnecessary. If so, I shall be very glad.
Mr. COLE. I hope that that is the case,
and that the construction given by the Senator
from Kansas is correct. I trust that will be
the interpretation of the order that has been
adopted. But for greater security I hope this
resolution will pass to give construction, as it
were, to the order already adopted. I insist
on my motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to
make an inquiry in relation to a question of
order whether the Chair will not rule that
any legislation, whether as an independent
bill or as an amendment, would be out of
order under the order already adopted by the
Senate ? -
Mr. THURMAN. I object to any ruling
until the time comes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will suspend for a moment. The Chair
has a right to decide, and the Senator can then
appeal l'rom his decision. But the Chair was
about to say, if the Senator from Ohio had not
claimed the floor so rapidly, that he was not
in the habit, as the Senate isaware, of deciding
points of order before they come up.
Mr. THURMAN. But I beg leave to inter-
rupt the Chair a moment. I understood the
interrogatory put by the Senator from Vermont
to be whether the Chair will not decide so and
so after this deficiency bill shall have been
taken up and when amendments are offered to
it. I submit that there is now nothing before
the Chair for a decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has stated much better than the Chair
did his view ; but that was the true intent and
meaning of the language of the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I beg pardon for
not having understood the Chair.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I desire to give
notice that before the deficiency bill js taken
up. unless it should be taken up to-day, I shall
. endeavor to obtain the sense of the Senate
upon my resolution ; and if the Senate shall
vote that down, we might as well abandon the
other order we have been acting under; because
unless the suggestion of the Senator from Kan-
sas be correct, upon the single deficiency bill
every possible subject of legislation may be
moved by way of amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
now remind the Senate of the eleventh rule,
which they probably have forgotten, that on a
motion to proceed to the consideration of a
bill its merits and details cannot be debated.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No..IT.
from California, to postpone the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio for the purpose of con-
sidering the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. BOREMAN called
for'the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 2G, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair. Caldwell,
Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky,
1)avis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Ramsey,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner,
Tliurman, Tipton, Wilson,Windoin, and W right—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Chandler, Conkling, Kerry of Michigan, Fre-
lmghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, and West—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cragin, Edmunds, Senton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Hamilton ofToxasJIowe.Kellogg.Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye. Rico, Sawyer,
Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, and Vickers—21.
So the motion was agreed to..
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 244) relating to condemned
cannon for a cemetery at San Francisco;
An act (S. No. 74) relating to moneys paid
into the courts of the United States; and
An act (S. No. 119) to further regulate the
publication of the specifications and drawings
of the Patent Office.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 19) making appropriations for the pay-
ment ot additional clerks and messengers in
the Pension Office, and for other purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, with the consent
of my friend from California, I ask if the res-
olution I have offered in the form of an order
is not admissible at present, relating as it does
to the pending bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It changes the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order
by unanimous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think anybody
will object to so reasonable a proposition.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I fall back on the
Senator from Kansas, and on the first amend-
ment that is offered 1 shall ask for his inter-
pretation of the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is apend-
ing amendment, offered by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] when this bill was
being considered several days ago. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
^ Sku. —. That the privileges of the act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved J uly It, 1870, be, and are hereby,
extended to the poit ot Detroit, in the State of
Michigan,
Mr. ANTHONY. I submit that this is not
in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. It was offered before
the resolution offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
was entertained by the Senate before any
restrictive rule was offered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will wait until the next
one.
Mr. CHANDLER. The amendment is
merely to correct a clerical error in the act
of July 14, 1870. There is no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. On page 3 I will propose some
merely verbal amendments to which my atten-
tion has been called. In lines twelve and
thirteen of section three I propose to change
the words "Assistant Treasurer" to "deposit-
ary and the same amendment should be
made in lines fifteen and sixteen and in lines
seventeen and eighteen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves a verbal amendment,
to change the title of the officers at' Cincin-
nati, Baltimore, Chicago, and Louisville from
"Assistant Treasurer" to "depositary" in
each case. If no objection be made that
amendment is agreed to. It is agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Appropriations,
to come in after line thirty-four of section
three, on page 4:
To supply a deficiency in -the appropriation for
clothing for the Marino corps for the year ending
June 30,1871, S15,000.
I will state that there can be no objection to
the amendment, inasmuch as this clothing that
is furnished for the Marine corps comes out
of their wages and does not ada any amount
whatever to the expenses of the Government.
It merely allows the convenience of furnish-
ing them clothing, should it be necessary, and
should they require it under the law as it now
exists.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of section three,
after line thirty-four, on page 4:
For compensation of tho clerks in the office of the
surveyor general of Minnesota, employed upon work
consequent upon tho special appropriation for the
survey of thcpublic lands within the limits of tho
grant_to the Northern Pjicificrailroad, peractof July
15,1870, £9,200, for the fiscal year ending Juno 30,
1872.
For compensation of the clerks in tho office of tho
surveyor genoral of California, $2,800, for the year
ending June 30,1871.
I have a communication from the Depart-
ment of the Interior, which came to my hands
this morning, and I have not had an opportu-
nity to submit these matters to the commit-
tee; but from the statement of the Secretary
of the Interior and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office as to the facts, 1 presume
there can be no objection to the amendment.
If any one desires further information on the
subject these communications can be read,
but they will take some little time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following amend-
ments, which are rendered necessary by the
prolongation of the present session of Con-
gress. On page 4, after line thirty-four of
section three, 1 move to insert:
To supply a deficiency in tho appropriation for
folding documents and materials .for the House of
Representatives, $20,000.
For the use of the Senate: for labor, $3,000; for
clerks to committees, pages, horses, and carryalls,
615,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to propose an amendment
which I believe will receive the unanimous
assent of the Senate. I only offer it because
there will be no other opportunity of passing it:
Sec. —. That the Comptroller of the Currency,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. shall cause to bo engraved and prepared, on
such paper and of such form and design as he may
prescribe, blank circulating notes for national bank-
ing associations, and shall issue tho same to the
national banking associations in place of tho worn-
out and mutilated circulating notes, and to an equal
amount of such associations, and any additional
issue of national bank notes that may be made in
pursuance of law shall be in the new notes herein
provided for, so soon as the same are ready for issue.
I have here a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury that will explain this matter
fully, if Senators desire to hear it. The Com-
mittee on Finance have carefully examined
the subject two or three times', and last session
reported a bill to cover the matter, and it
passed the Senate, but was not reached by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no objection to
it. The letter need not be read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have an amend-
