20
APPENDIX TO THE COISTGrRHSSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Senate.
Ku Kiux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
were going to do it. I never could see the
report of the committee until it was printed,
and I never was able to see it until the time
allowed the minority to present their views had
expired.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator misapprehends
my point.
Mr. BAYARD. A moment. I mean that
my friend shall have the fullest opportunity to
explain away, if he can, this fact, that that
which I have read is a certified copy of those
original papers brought before that committee
in the custody of a witness who felt compelled
to return the original papers, although he
desired that a certified copy should go in with
his evidence. It reached me on the very morn-
ing of the expiration of the twenty four hours
we were given to prepare the views of the mi-
nority. At the time it did reach me the report
of the committee had been handed in in print.
It could not have been attached to that, ithad
to be attached to our minority report or not at
all. It was just as much part of the testimony
as any part which has been published, because
it was there before them. The only thing was
it reappeared certified as a copy instead of
being an original.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not interrupt my friend
for the purpose of raising any controversy with
him,* but simply to call his attention to this
point: he will remember that when the papers
were produced it was stated that we could not
interrupt the examination to read them then,
Mr. BAYARD. That is so.
Mr. SCOTT. We never did read them ; but
the point to which I call attention now is not
in complaint, but to the fact that this is stated
to be the record of the court, when the eertifi
cate itself shows that it is onlyacopy of certain
papers furnished, not the whole record, and
that this is an ex parte affidavit made before an
examining magistrate, and not the testimony
of a witness taken upon cross-examination.
That is what I wished to call attention to.
Mr. BAYARD. That is obvious. These
men were till convicted, and this was their writ-
ten confession. They were tried before a
Radical judge, and they are to-day in prison
for the crimes which they confessed.
Mr. SCOTT. There is no doubt about that.
They are just where the Ku Kiux ought to be,
but are not.
Mr. BAYARD. That I have no objection
to. Now, let us go a little farther into the
facts. All this burning of these properties,
the flames from which Tit up the horizon of
these counties night after night and week
after week, destroying the whole labor of these
men and beggaring respectable families, all
of these outrages against property were upon
the property of Conservatives, as you call
them in opposition to those known as Rad-
icals. At page 401 is some testimony by Hon.
Mr. Kerr, which may have some interest here.
There was a State senator named Stephens, a
Radical, who was murdered in the spring of
1870, and I remember very well in the Senate
how the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] read
a dispatch intended to horrify the public and
to insinuate that this was a political murder.
That man's ca^e has been examined most dili-
gently before the judges of that State, and all
of them have been compelled to discharge every
man charged with complicity, and to declare
that a dreadful mystery surrounded that case,
equal to, if not more profound, than that which
surrounds the fate of Mr. Nathan, the rich
merchant of New York. Bat it seems that
Mr. Stephens had shortly before his death a
conversation with a man which is detailed by
Mr. Kerr in his evidence ;
This man inquired what had been done, and Ste-
phens told him the policy was to begin to burn; that
the Ku Kiux bad to be put down, or words to that
effect. The individual to whom he was thus dis-
closing his plan remarked to him that ia the carry-
ing out of such a scheme as that they might be mis-
taken, and might burn the property of some who
were not Ku Kiux. lie said that it made no differ-
ence; that fhe pulicy was to burn the property of
the very best men in the county. That is a state-
ment I have heard very ofteai. At all events, that
statement was made a very short time after Stephens
returned, and not long after that these burnings
began, and, singularly enough, thedestruction began
upon the property of the most excellent and irre-
proachable men in.the county; men not especially
odious on account of their politics; men of miid and
temperate habits, (temperate, I mean, in every-
thing;) men of moderate and kind dispositions,
never addicted to violence of any sort, or asperity.
1 can mention the names of Mr. Hinton and Gen-
eral Lee, mild and amiable gentlemen, not known
to be at ali obnoxious to any party.
These are the men whose property w^s de-
stroyed by these outrages in North Carolina.
Atpage214 the testimony of Mr. Moore states;
A famous instance occurred just before I left
home, where some eight or ten negroes were indicted
for having gone in abandand burned several houses
in the same neighborhood, in the upper part of
Wake county. Two or three of them turned State's
witnesses; the others were tried and were on trial
for a week. The jury, as it was said and reported
tome*by the solicitor, was packed. After a long
trial there was no conviction; and the solicitor, for
the purpose of obtaining justice against these burn-
ers, removed the trial of the others (for there were
three or four indictments) to another county.
Question. Ilemoved the trial from Wake county ?
Answer. Yes, sir; that occured during the month
of January last.
By Mr. Nye;
Question. Is it a very unusual thing in the course
of your litigations for juries to disagree?
You will observe in this case the disagree-
ment had been by a packed jury who had dis-
charged these ten negroes indicted for burning
barns.
Answer. Oh, no; jurors frequently disagree.
By the Chairman:
Question. That trial was in the county in which
you live ?
Ans-icer. Yes, sir; in the city of Raleigh.
Question. Was the charactor of their associates
in the crime attacked on the trial?
Answer. Only upon the ground of their having
been associates.
Question. And accomplices in the crime?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Have you ever known a case in which
any members of the Ku Kiux have gone into court
to testify against their associates a3 accomplices on
any trial ?
Answer. I cannot say that I remember having
seen anything of the sort; but in the trial which fol-
lowed the habeas corpus case, as I understood, (I did
not hear the examination,) there was a man by the
name of Bovd, and several ofher persons, who ad-
mitted that they were members.
Question. That was in tho proceeding to have the
alleged members of the KuKlux organization re-
leased from custody?
Answer. N >, sir; they were arrested and brought
before the chief justice, and upon the examination
a number of them, perhaps eight or ten, were ar-
rested and brought before the chief justice upon
examination whether they should be bound over to
answer to the charge alleged against them, and
among the persons who were examined were some
who said they had belonged to theKu Kiux, and the
chief justice bound them over for trial.
This was a party of eight or ten negroes,
who confessed that they were members of this
society and bound over for trial, although they
had been discharged on a trial before a packed
jury ! On page 218 is the testimony of Rev.
Mr. Smith, who is the superintendent of the
negro schools in North Carolina, the agent of
the Frecdmen's Bureau there, who went {here
at the solicitation of General Howard, When
asked upon what he based bis belief that these
outrages began for the purpose of punishing
stealing, replied;
Upon the fact that persons of both parties have
been punished by it. I have no knowledge of their
efforts having been directed or confined to persons
of one party.
At page 350, in the testimony of Mr. Tur-
ner, who is the editor of a Raleigh paper, and
as a newspaper editor had a better record of
those outrages:
I believe they whipped somo persons who were
not guilty of any breaches of tho criminal law. I
know in my county they whipped a man, a Dorno-
crat. He came afterward to me and gave me an
account of it. He said he had voted the ticket, and
wasa good Democrat, andhesaidtheywhippedhim
because he would not work to support his family. I
know also that they whipped one of the Governor's
detectives in my county.
At page 351 he is asked—
Question. What were these four men hung for ?
Answer. For burning barns.
Question. Were they negroes?
Answer* Yes. Three of them were hung for burn-
ing barns. They burned three barus just after they
putin the train. The bams, mules, horses, and gram
were all consumed.
There are other references to the testimony
of Mr. Turner which I would make, but they
are all to the same fact, that there was at times
an infliction of punishment upon members of
one party as well as upon those of the other.
Mr. Daniel R. Goodloe was the United States
marshal for the State of North Carolina for a
period of three and a half years after the war.
He was an ardent Republican; he was one of
the associate editors of the National Era. He
is in all his affiliations and sentiments entirely
in favor of the advancement of the negro race.
He was asked, at page 226—
With which party in political sentiment, if with
either, was that Ku Kiux organization associated?
Answer. It was understood to be Democratic. I
have also heard of combinations of negroes calling
themselves Ku Kiux, and committing outrages.
On page 227, he says ;
The Union Leagues are now and have been almost
entirely in the hands of the colored people. They
were organized just after the war. It has been
charged that they have mobbed negroes for voting
theConservative ticket. In fact. I believe there are
some well-authenticated cases of that sort. There
was one in Warren county. 1 do not know whether
it was a league procedure or simply a spontaneous
and m< mentary feeling, with no serious results.
Heie is a case in the testimony of George
Laws, page 191, in which a black woman was
scourged:
I saw her, and heard her give her evidence. She
said she knew'one of the men to be a colored man,
bnt she did not know the others.
Question. Where negi oes are arrested for offenses
of this kind committed by them, is there any diffi-
culty in having them convicted, upon proper trial
and testimony, in the courts?
Answer. No, sir; I think nono in the world. I
think we have as fair-minded men there as there are
in the world.
Question. What, then, is the justification for pro-
ceeding to punish them without law ?
Answer. Well, sir, it was just hot-headed work. The
outrages were so notorious that thoy thought they
would put them down, I suppose. Iri fact, our laws
will not punic-h by whipping or death anything
exc«pt murdor, I believe. As to tho penitentiary—
well, our Governor pardoned some of them beiore
they got inside the gate.
At page 194, he vvas asked by the chairman ;
Were all the instances of whipping and hanging
of which you have any knowledge inflicted upon
negroes, or those known as members of the Repub-
lican party ?
Answer. I did hear of a Ku Kiux being whipped.
Question. IW whom?
Answer. I do not know. He was taken out- at
nieht.
Question. Was anybody arrested for it ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you hear why ho was whipped ?
He then proceeds to give the answer that he
had acted v^ry immorally in that community
with some loose women. 1 will send to the desk
to have read a portion of the testimony of Mr.
Laws, which I have marked on p ge 195.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Question. I understand you to fay that after the
close of the war the crnancip ited negroes wero
formed into leagues, and that they were idle and
out of employment?
Answer. Yes, sir; they refused to work, and were
thrown out of employment.
Question. Did tuat bring them into want ?
Anno >•. On, yes, sir; there was a great deal of
suffering.
Question. Did that want bring them into crime ?
■Answer. Is o doubt about it.
Question. Describe the condition of things pro-
duced by their refusing to woik.
Answer. It was ju t common larceny—breaking
into smoke-houses, stealing bacon, sheep, hogs, and
sometimes a whole beef. Wo could only try them
for larceny.
Question. Was there any safety in the county for
such property during 1865 and 1866?
Answer. No, sir; none at all until thisothC'r organ-
ization sprung up.
Qwstion. W hat is called the Ku Kiux ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
