258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
raent which I desire to offer if in the opinion
of the Chair it is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
- Sec. —. That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is, authorized to employ, in every collec-
tion district in the United States where the enforce-
ment of the internal revenue laws is so obstructed
as to require the same, an internal revenue police
force, and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
hereby authorized to establish rules for the organ-
ization and government of such police force; and the
officers of internal revenue, under the sceneral direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, may
employ such force or any part thereof in entorcing
the laws for the collection of internal revenue, either
in effecting entrance into buildings or places which
said officers may lawSully enter in the performance
of their duties, or in arresting persons who resist or
oppose the laws relating to internal revenue, or in
any* other way in which said force may be serviceable
inaidingsaid officerstoexecutesaidlaws: Provided,
That when any person or persons shall be arrested
by said force without a warrant, a warrant shall be
obtained against such person or persons from a judge
or commissioner of the United States assoon as prac-
ticable; and no person shall beheld in custody by
said police force more than fifteen days without such
warrant.
Sec. —• That the persons composing said police
force shall be paid a reasonable compensation, to be
fixed for each district by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue with the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury, out of any appropriation to defray the
expenses of collecting the internal revenue.
Mr. HAMILTON", of Maryland. I raise
the question of order upon that amendment,
I think it has nothing to do with this bill; and
if the resolution passed the other day has any
efficacy at all, in spirit or in fact, it should
exclude the consideration of that proposition.
It is a proposition of legislation entirely out-
side of the appropriation bill, and I submit
that point of order before I make further
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fromNew Jersey having submitted this amend-
ment, the Senator from Maryland makes the
point of order that it is not in order under the
resolution adopted by the Senate on the 22d
of March. That resolution prescribes:
"That the Senate will consider, at the present
session, no other legislative business than the defl-
oiency appropriation bill, the concurrent resolution
for a joint committee of investigation into the con-
dition of the States lately in insurrection, and the
resolution now pending instructing the Committee
on the Judiciary to report a bill or bills that will
enable the President and the courts of the United
btates to execute the laws in said States, and the
report that may be made by the Committee on the
Judiciary on that subject."
The Chair thinks that the obvious intent of
this resolution was to allow amendments to be
offered to all these propositions; that is to say,
it was not to exclude amendments to the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, to the concurrent
resolution for a joint committee of investiga-
tion, to the resolution now pending of the
Senator from Ohio, or to the report in the
nature of a bill that may be made by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in regard to the alleged
outrages in the southern States. The Chair
thinks also, although it is not expressed in the
language of the resolution, that the spirit of
the resolution was that the amendments pro-
posed to these various bills or resolutions
should be germane to the bills and resolu-
tions. The Chair thinks that is the fair con-
struction of_ the spirit of the rule ; but if any
benator desires to have the question submitted
to the Senate, as the Chair has stated that he
desires them to construe their own rules, he
will submit it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN'. The only ques-
f H would desire to submit to the judgment
of the Chair is whether it is not germane to an
appropriation bill appropriating hundreds of
thousands, or it may be millions of dollars, to
correct an error and an abuse which it is neces-
sary to correct in order to collect the revenue?
I think my amendment is directly germane to
this subject. It relates to the revenue expend-
itures of the Government. We are informed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that
unless he has some such legislation—and this
is probably the only opportunity that there will
be at this session to obtain that legislation—
the Government may suffer a loss of from
fifteen to twenty million dollars. I submit to
the Chair whether the amendment is not ger-
mane to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this bill makes appropriations out
of the Treasury. The object of it is to supply
deficiencies. Although that does not happen
to be its title, yet the whole bill with the amend-,
ments already reported by the Committee on
Appropriations and those agreed to in the Sen-
ate show the measure to be of that character.
The bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives was certainly a deficiency appro-
priation bill, and the only appropriation bill
of this session. A bill to devise ways and
means to raise money is certainly not an ap-
propriation bill. It stands, by the Constitu-
tion, upon a different footing entirely. But,
if the Senator from New Jersey desires it, the
Chair will submit the question to the Senate.
The Chair thinks that, by the spirit of the reso-
lution adopted the other day, the intent was to
confine the legislative business of the session
to the four items named in the resolution and
to amendments that would be germane to the
titles of the four matters named.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That ruling, of
course, applies to all other amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does. The
Chair will rule the same way at any time, but
if any Senator desires its submission to the
Senate the Chair will submit the question to
the Senate, that they shall construe their own
rules.
Mr. PATTERSON. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after the thirty-second
line of the third section, on page 4:
For salary of the Governor of the District of
Columbia, $3,000.
For salary of the secretary of the District of Colum-
bia, $2,000.
For compensation of members of the council of the
District of Columbia, $4,400.
For compensation of the board of public works
of the District of Columbia, $10,000.
For compensation for clerks, messengers, and for
contingent expenses of the board of public works
of the District of Columbia, $5,000.
And such sum or sums as may be necessary for
such purposes for the fraction of the current fiscal
year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is to carry
out an existing law, and is in order under the
rule.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have one other
amendment, to come in at the close of the bill.
I ask for the reading of it, and then I will- ask
unanimous consent. I think there can be no
objection to it. It is simply to consolidate two
boards of commission under one, so as to
reduce the expenses of the Government reallv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
states that this is to reduce the expenses of the
Government, but not within the spirit of the
rule. He asks leave to offer the amendment.
It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Sec.—. That from and after the passage of this
act all powers conferred upon certain persons as
commissioners by the act approved June 21.1870 for
the improvement of M street northwest, and by'the
act approved July 15, 1870, for the improvement ot
the Washington city eanal, shall be transferred to
the board of public works of the District of Colum-
bia; and the persons acting as commissioners under
said acts are hereby directed to transfer to said board
ot public works all books, papers, and other property
in their possession pertaining to the works under
their charge.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I have an amendment to
oiler as an additional section:
«T'f'fihat aF ^ Part of the clause in the first
section of the act of Congress entitled "Ail act mak-
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871 " approved July 12,1870, whwc
a provision is made for the payment of judgments to
word" (Inflow5"^6 uf'?*'®a'm.\which lifuovrsthe
be« and the same is hereby, repealed:
?ufvdecr\That no pardon nor amnesty granted bv
or ^DwiTl611!^0 i e-d Statea' whether general
aecTOtnnoi nf I>ro?^ama|ion or otherwise, nor any
acceptance of such pardon or amnesty, nor oath
taken or overt act performed in pursuance or a3 a
condition thereof, shall be admissible as evidence
in the Court of Claims, except where such pardon
and amnesty were granted, and oaths of allegiance
and amnesty taken in good faith before the suppres
sion of the late rebellion under the proclamation of
the President issued in pursuance of the thirteenth
section of the act of Congress known as the confis-
cation act, approved July 17, 1862, and before the
repeal thereof, pledging the publio faith for the
restoration of the rights of property where all the
requirements and conditions named in said acts
and proclamations have been faithfully complied
with, and said oaths of amnesty and allegiance kept
and maintained inviolate.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Senator
from New York makes a point order on this
amendment, the Chair will again repeat that,
by the spirit of the resolution which has been
agreed to, the Chair thinks the amendments to
the various bills and propositions named in it
must be strictly germane to them. But the
Chair, if the Senator from South Carolina de-
sires it, will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like very much
to have that referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, as the bill should be considered with
the other question.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like unanimous
consent to haveit referred as a bill. [" Yes!"]
Mr. CONKLING. I will not object to that,
but the Senator knows that by just sending
it to the committee he accomplishes his pur-
pose. It is not necessary to violate the rule
all the while to go through the machinery of
reference to get to the committee. It can go
to the committee without a formal reference;
but I do not object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must go
through the Senate to the committee before
the committee would have jurisdiction.
Mr. CONKLING. But the Chair will ob-
serve that the committee has no jurisdiction
practically, except in the future, of the reso-
lution of the Senator from Ohio. That, if it
should ever pass, will put them in possession
of the whole subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon of my hon-
orable friend from New York. Underthe rule
that committee can take jurisdiction and report
bills; and besides that, there is one bill which
covers the whole ground already referred to
them by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. I am entirely aware of
that; and therefore I said practically, it seem-
ing to be the understanding all around, after
what was said by the chairman of the commit-
tee the other day, that they are not to act until
the Senate, under the Senator's resolution, in
some^ way direct them to do so. If they are
now in possession of the subject, then I might
make my remark broader, and say that at this
moment all that any Senator need do is to
send to them a bill cognate to this subject; so
that in any event it is not worth while to intro-
duce a bill.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York object to its reference?
Mr. CONKLING. Oh no; not if the Sen-
ator wants it referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No objection
being made, it is referred.
_ Under this order, Mr. SAWYER, by unan-
imous consent, obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 304) to repeal part of a clause in
the fir$fc section of an act making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1871, approved July 12,1870;
which was_ read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the J udiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PO ME1'O Y. I ask leave to offer an
amendment, which is purely legislative in its
character; but as soon as Senators hear what
it is no one will object to it. We have made
one or two land offices in the West, and in
appointing registers and receivers we have, ill
two or three instances, taken homestead set-
tlers who had tiled their proof and were living
on homesteads within their respective districts;
