1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
4 2d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Eu Klux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
Question. That was organized to prevent this class
of offenses? .
Answer. That is what I understood; ana, I think,
we nave quiet there now, and have had for the last
eighteen months.
Question. is the feeling kindly between the white
and black peoplo of the country?
Answer. As far as X know it is; there is a large
number about my town, and the feeling is kind to
all.
Question. Do the colored peoplo work pretty gen-
erally?
Answer. Some of them do, but sorno will not work.
Question. Are tbey paid fairly ?
Answer. Yes, sir; where they work by the day
they are paid fifty cents and found.
Question. I do not inquire about the amount, but
are they paid satisfactorily?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. If a black man should have a claim
ng.tinst a white man for scrvico or labor, would he
find any difficulty in obtaining his full rights before
a jury m your county?
Answer. None in the world.
Question. Are your juries mixed ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Are blacks admitted to testify as well as
whites?
Answer. Yes, sir; the same as white men, and their
testimony has the same weight according to charac-
ter and respectability; we have what we call respect-
able negroes and respectable white men.
Mr. BAYARD. I could multiply this testi-
mony and show that in this business of taking
the law into their own hands this lawlessness
has pervaded certain portions of that com-
munity, and that the men who have been the
chief sufferers by it have been the men of
property who are almost exclusively in North
Carolina members of what is known as the
Conservative or Democratic party.
Sir, offenses of this character have their
origin chiefly in the distrust of the people in
their rulers, and I shall presently show you that
the great cause of this condition of affairs in
North Carolina was brought about by the
organization of secret political societies by
Governor Holden in aid of his political schemes
and by his appointment to office of men who
brought the law and its ministers into disre-
spect ; so that men feeling no longer safety in
the law that should protect them, resorted
unwisely to this method of self-protection ; and
the consequences fell upon the innocent as well
as upon the guilty. But they were not marked
by strict party lines, nor is the assertion true
that the outrages which have been denounced
and justly complained of have fallen entirely
upon members of the Radical party. The
facts which I have caused to be read here in
testimony completely refute such allegations.
But, sir, this testimony, as taken before the
committee, will disclose to any unprejudiced
mind the fact that good menof all parties join
in hearty denunciation of all these wrongs.
Take the case of Judge Battle, the former
chief justicc of the State; his language at page
100 is :
I think that is now the sentiment of the great
majority of the people of North Carolina. I think
that is neccssary to the security of the people of
the State; but I think it has already been brought
about—has already been accomplished. And I fur-
thermore think, if you will allow me to express an
opinion, that if they will, as I thmk has already
been done, or is about to be done, put an end to
all secret organizations—Union Leagues, Ku Klux
Klans, and everything of the kind—that will be the
fiist great thing to secure the peace and prosperity
of our State.
Hon. B F. Moore, the leading lawyer of
North Carolina, and a man whose absence from
this Senate to-day 1 exceedingly regret; for I
believe that if he, with his calm, clear intellect,
with his high personal character, with his record
throughout the war of an unflinching friend of
the United States Government, a man who at
no time drifted from his fidelity and love to the
Federal Government—if that man could but
testify here to the Senate, as he did to the com-
mittee, I am sure the effect upon them would
be very potent. His denunciation of these
wrongs and outrages is found on page 209.
Josiah Turner, a leading Democrat, the editor
of the Sentinel, I think it is called, at Raleigh,
on page 357; Mr. Goodloe, the late marshal
of the United States there ; Captain Ramsey,
in whose hands Governor Holden placed the
commission to take charge of his native county;
the Rev. Mr. Smith, at page 216; Judge Reade,
at page 113, condemn these outrages; and
throughout this whole testimony there is not a
single man of a Conservative tendency in pol-
itics who has not joined in denouncing all these
outrages and the secret organizations under
cover of which they were perpetrated. Judge
Settle, at page 87 of the testimony, declared
that one of the leading Democrats of the State,
ex-United States Senator Reid, did more to
stop these outrages in his county than any other
man iu it.
Sir, there 1ms been no witness so regardless
of truth as to assert that the Democratic party
as an organization in North Carolina in any
way favored the prosecution of these wrongs
or outrages. On the contrary the proof is
plenary that the best friends of law and order
in that State were members of the Conserva-
tive party. All attempts to hold the Conserva-
tive party of that State responsible for these
cowardly, abominable outrages, are slanderous,
false, are unjust, and must recoil upon those
who make them. No fair opponent will use
such poisoned weapons.
Crimes of this character are committed in
other communities than North Carolina. They
are occurring in the North and West, all around
us. There is not a newspaper which does not
contain abundant proof of the disregard of law.
Look at the history of ariti rentism in New
York. What were trials or the judgments of
the courts of law worth there ? It made Mr.
Seward the Governor of that State; and he
rode into the gubernatorial chair upon a local
feeling in defiance of the law of that State.
They never could execute their judgments in
the anti-rent counties. Men would obtain
judgments for moneys due them for their rents ;
but no sheriff has ever been able in that thickly
populated State to execute such judgments.
What shall be said of the vigilance commit-
tees in California? They existed there for a
long time. Nay, even the mail of yesterday
brought the account from Virginia City, in the
State of Nevada, of the taking of a criminal
from jail by a band of masked men, one hun-
dred in number, who hung him until they
obtained such confessions as they wanted.
These men did not retire to the woods, to the
secret fastnesses. No, sir; that was done in
the basement of the opera-house, in the face
of the community, an act of bold lawlessness
which has no parallel whatever in the State of
North Carolina. Look at the express robbers
in the State of Indiana. Ninety men, disguised
and armed, took out the men charged with
those robberies and murdered them, and who
has yet been brought to trial?
Mr. President, there has been a constant
rehash of testimony all through this business.
The President sends it in one shape, and he
gets it ready-made from Governor Holden;
and the same testimony is filtered again through
this committee, in order that eachinstance may
be magnified threefold. One leading case con-
sists in breaking a jail and the removal of men
who had committed a most cruel murder of a
whole family, the Miller family. They were
taken out and killed. That forms a very large
portion of the argument. I denounce such
crimes ; but I mean to say that in North Car-
olina they cause an immense disturbance,
while in Indiana they may be considered venial.
Look at the late case in Lowell, in Massa-
chusetts, of murder and of rape committed
there by men with blaekencd faces. So in the
State of New York, that most cruel and das-
tardly outrage upon a New Ehgland school-
mistress in Onondaga county. She was taken
from her home, stripped, and tarred and feath-
ered by a large body of cowards calling them-
selves men!
At Pittsburg, in Pennsylvania, the home of
my friend here, [Mr. Scott,] represented by
him ably upon the floor of this Senate, we find
that on the 18th of March of the present year,
at eleven o'clock at night, a telegraph oper-
ator was attacked by four men with blackened
faces, knocked down, dragged out and hand-
cuffed ; one of the parties sat by him with a
revolver while the others went to work to break
open the safe. Shortly after they became
frightened, and getting no money except a few
dollars from him, they left him, and he was
found badly injured. One of the men is de-
scribed as "a large and muscular Irishman;
the operator was unable to describe the
others."
This morning the mail brings you from
Cleveland, in Ohio, a State represented by the
honorable Senator who has so violently de-
nounced the people of North Carolina, a case
in which masked men attacked a family, mur-
dered the father, shot his son, and they were
in disguise, masked men !
But why recapitulate these cases of lawless-
ness ? Senators, I have served upon that com-
mittee, I trust with fidelity. I am very sure
that I was there with no partisan or unfair
purpose. I am very sure the suffering of no
inhabitant of that State fell upon my ear with-
out sympathy for their suffering and great re-
gret for it, and a strong desire to punish the
perpetrators of these wrongs; but I tell you
to-day I believe there is more safety in the
State of North Carolina, that there is less
crime and less danger to human life in North
Carolina, than there is in Washington city, in
the District of Columbia. A comparison of
the dockets of the respective criminal courts
would establish this fact.
Look-at the organizations now among the
miners of coal. See what leagues they have
formed for their protection and to keep up the
prices of their labor, and see the disastrous
results of all this upon the community in rais-
ing the price of coal, a necessity to all men, to
a rate that almost forbids its use and entails
great suffering. These things are all against
law ; but will you undertake to enter into those
States to assume to yourselves the complete
police power of each and every State in the
Union? If so, pray what will you call your
Government? Certainly do not so insult the
intelligence of the people as to consider itany
longer a Federal Union of equal States.
Mr. President, the position of the State of
North Carolina, in replying to these charges,
was one of difficulty. It is always difficult to
prove a negative; still more so where the
charges are made in gross and without defi-
nition. The minority of the committee desired
that the persons who were competent to attest
the good faith of the people of North Carolina
should be brought forward to testify. We did
not bring before the committee the late military
leaders of the South. We knew perfectly well
that such testimony might be deprived of its
due weight before the people of the northern
States; but we were careful to bring as wit-
nesses men, Union men, who had been true
to our Government, men in regard to whose
fidelity no possible impeachment or suspicion
could be raised.
We brought Mr. Bartholomew F. Moore, a
man who has held high office, who stands at
th  very head of the legal profession in his
State, a man whose testimony, it it is exam-
ined, will disclose a capacity, an elevation of
thought, a justness of purpose, that must give
him weight in any community where he is
known. We brought Judge William H. Battle,
a man of unblemished life, whose whole life
has been spent in sustaining and administering
law. We brought Mr. John Kerr, an ex-mem-
ber of Congress. We brought Rev. Brinton
Smith, a clergyman, sent down there for the
very purpose of elevating the negro race, to
