22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
assist, if possible, in some way their capacity
for exercising the privileges to which your laws
have lately admitted them. We brought Hon.
Judge Brooks, a Union man, a Republican,
nominated by a Republican President and
confirmed by the Senate for the high position
he now holds. We brought General Wilson,
appointed under the present Administration
to examine into the condition of the national
banks throughout the South. We brought Mr.
Goodloe, the United States marshal, a man
of your own party, a man not to be suspected
of sympathy with opposition to the laws of the
United States. A great deal of our testimony
was excluded by the suddenness of the com-
mittee in making their report.
It is said that a half truth is worse than a
whole lie. Certain it is that no falsehood is so
difficult to unkennel or to crush as that which
has a grain of truth mingled with it. But let
any candid man consider the character of the
witnesses produced to refute these charges, read
over their testimony, and I do not see how he
can escape the conviction that the facts stated
in the resolution offered by the Senator from
Ohio are grossly unjustifiable and untrue.
Why, sir, the President of the United States
sent in to us reports from officers of the Army
stationed in North Carolina—from General
Hunt, from Mayor Rodney, from Colonel
Frank, from Captain Thomas, Captain Frank
Smith, and others—from all these gentlemen
whose reports appear here in testimony; and
what is the result? Is it to sustain these gross
charges contained in this resolution ? No, sir.
If there was no other testimony save that sub-
mitted by the officers of the United States
Army this resolution could obtain the assent
of no candid and fair-minded man. They deny
it, in part and in whole; and any man who
will candidly read their reports will conclude
this: that all the disturbances to peace and
good order in the State of North Carolina are
due to the attempts by her Governor to use
unlawful force to control the sentiments of his
people.
I have said that we admit and deplore these
acts of personal outrage and lawless force. We
seek to extenuate nothing, to conceal nothing.
We only ask that it shall not be exaggerated
or taken as proved until it is submitted to the
ordinary processes by which evidence is tested.
The history of these outrages has been grossly
exaggerated. Let me give the Senate one illus-
tration of this. The chosen seat of disorder is
the county of Alamance. One of the parties
injured, whose name has been in the mouth
of almost every witness, was a colored man
named Caswell Holt. We had heard of him
in a dozen different quarters. When any wit-
ness was asked to specify a case of outrage
''Caswell Holt" was among the first men-
tioned. Finally, Caswell Holt came himself,
a respectable, well-behaved colored man. He
related his story of wrongs. He had been
treated in the most cruel and cowardly man-
ner. No man who heard his testimony but
burned with indignation toward the cowardly
scoundrels who had inflicted the injuries upon
him ; but when Caswell Holt is asked—and he
lives in that county, is one of the chief men
among his race in that county, well acquainted
with the facts detailed—when he was asked
by me how many cases of outrage lie knows
himself personally in that county, he tells
me he knows of six. He gives their names;
and four out of the six were committed by
colored men upon people of their own race.
That fact will be found at page 319 of the testi-
mony.
Caswell Holt shows us that there was an
organization of some sixty or seventy-five col-
ored men in his own coanty, who disguised
themselv.es and went through the county com-
mitting this class of outrages. There is the
case of the murder of Stephens. It has been
referred to over and over again by witnesses.
It has its perfect parallel, except that there is
rather more of mystery, in the murder of Mr.
Nathan, the banker in New York. There
never has been a partidfe of testimony war-
ranting the holding for trial of a man in North
Carolina for that crime, although it has been
attempted by the most vigilant and careful
judges, the chief justice of the State and his
associates.
There was the case of Wyatt Outlaw, a black
man who was murdered in the spring of 1870.
That has formed the staple of an immense
amount of testimony. The outrage is not
denied. There is nothing to extenuate it; it
was an abominable, cruel case of murder; and
yet the facts disclosed in that case by the
confession of one of these negro Ku Klux, who
himself is now in jail, is that this man was mur-
dered by these bands in retaliation for his hav-
ing shot at them and his threat that he would
repeat it. I do not mean to say this act justi-
fied his murder; very far from it; but I do
mean to say it was a natural act of retaliation
by violent men ; for if he could shoot at them
and not be arrested, it was a mere question
who should be quickest to exterminate the
other.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to ask the Sen-
ate to consider the origin of this state of affairs.
At whose door does the responsibility for this
lawless condition of affairs lie, and how shall
it be removed? One of Governor Holden's
appointees, a Judge Russell, at page 184 of
the testimony, in replying to a question from
the chairman of the committee, says:
I understand from the tenor of your examination
that you are decided in your condemnation of the
inefficiency of Governor Ilolden ?
Answer. I am; I have frequently said thatl think
he is responsible. I could have drawn an act of As-
sembly that could have boon passed one or two years
ago, when ho had a two-thirds voteathiscall, which
would have suppressed it, provided wo had had an
honest man as Executive; and that, too, without in-
fringing the constitutional rights of any man in tho
State. I think any lawyer who would take the
trouble to think about it would have done the same
thing.
By Mr. Blatk:
Question. Could it not be done now ?
Answer. I think it could if these conditions could
be performed.
This, remember, is one of his own appointees
and a Radical partisan.
Sir, one of the most efficient causes of all
this trouble is the organization of secret polit-
ical societies. In 1865, when the war elosed,
we all know the disruption of society caused by
the emancipation of the negroes. Instantly,
men who desired to avail themselves selfishly
of the new order of things set to work to organ-
ize them into secret societies throughout the
State, until eighty thousand black men are
formed by leagues into a political society,
bound by oaths to obey the decrees of a polit-
ical party, and all that power so welded
together is gathered into the single hand of
the president, who is Governor Holden of
North Carolina. The testimony of Mr. Good-
loe, at page 230, discloses this fact:
Qvestion. That was a secret society ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Had it passwords and signs ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. When you went into North Carolina,
telt us about the organization of the Union Leagues
among the colored people.
Answer. I only know from hearsay. It is the gen-
eral understanding, and not denied, that for a long
time Governor Holden was at the head of it and was
very active in organizing it.
Question. That, you say, is the general public
belief?
Answer. Oh, yes. sir; it is not denied. I under.-tand
now tluit he has withdrawn from it as its chief.
Question. Have the colored people by this means
been brought into unity ol political sentiment?
Answer. It is so regarded, and they do vote with
great unanimity. A few have broken away from
them, perhaps never joined them. In Warren
county the negroe's areiu the proportion of two and
one half to one of whites. They elect three mem-
bers of the Legislature and the whites none. They
have iho good sense to elect white magistrates,
because it requires reading and writing for those
offices. They elect two school committee-men of
their own color, and ono white man, as a general
rule, throughout the county. I am chairman and
acting secretary of the school committeeof theninth
township. My two associates are colored men. One
of them cannot read and write; the other can read
a little and sign his name, but I do the writing at
his request.
And N. A. Ramsey, at page 390:
Question. "Who was the head of the Union League
in North Carolina?
Answer. Governor Holden; he told me so himself.
This, then, is the origin. This is the mate-
rial that is to be welded into secret political
organizations for the benefit of those who lead
it. At page 358 the testimony of Mr. Turner
is to the same effect:
Question. You said something about Holden being
at the head of the Union League. How is that; do
you know it to be so, or otherwise than by report?
Answer. Yes; I sawacharterwithhisnameorgan-
izing a league in Rowan county. I know his hand-
writing, and could swear to it.
Question. You charged him with being the head
of the Union League in your paper, did you not?
Answer. Yes; and charged him with being the
president.
At page 221 we have Governor Holden's
own admission of this fact. Rev. Mr. Smith is
asked whether he had any conversations with
Governor Holden relative to the late elections.
He says:
. I haft a conversation with him, I think, last April.
Colonel Hayman was in charge of the camp. He
was an Episcopalian, and I had called upon him to
pay my respects. I found Mr. Barringin, Mr, Kings-
land, Colonel Hayman, and Governor Holden to-
gether. Mr. Kingsland was connccted with the
North Carolina Land Company. He was talking with
Governor Holden about the great injury done to the
State by his proclamation, that it kept personsfrom
coming into the State to buy land. The proclama-
tion was in regard to certain outrages. I do not know
whether at that time he bad declared the county of
Alamance in insurrection, Mr. Kingsland was talk-
ing upon that subject when I went in. Governor
Holden was very much excited about the recall of
the United States troops, and hadreceived no assur-
ance then that there would be any troops to supply
their place. Well, I spoke to Governor Holden and
said, "Governor, what distresses me is, that you
should put these colored men up for Congress, for
responsible offices. I notice in my work among these
people that there is great moral injury done to them
throughout the State; the effect is very bad; it un-
settles them; they do not seeui to be disposed to go
to regular labor, because they are looking to politi-
cal preferment." He then expressed himself in re-
spect to the colored people, and said that Congress
had seen fit to pass a law by which they were admit-
ted to seats in the State Legislature, and he wanted
them to have some of the same themselves, and there-
fore he went for sending them to Congress. Then he
said to me, or rather to us all, " Now, if the Govern-
ment does not send these troops, I shall arm the col-
ored people. I can control by my word eighty thou-
sand men. I can goto the convention that is to meet
hero next week, [a Republican convention,] and con-
trol them by a word." I remarked at the same time,
"That is dangerous power, very dangerous power
to be in the iiandsof one man.'' He then said to me,
in the presence of these gentlemen, " Whatis to hin-
der the Ku Klux from taking you, Dr. Smith? Are
you not afraid?" "Not at all," said I. Said he
" There is nothingto hinder them from taking you or
any other Radical." Said I "Excuse me, but that is
not my name; I am not a Radical." Well, then he
went on to say that for his own part, in his opinion,
General Grant would hold the Government of the
United States no matter what the election was in
3872; that he desired him to be emperor, and his son
to succeed him as emperor.
Sir, there can be no longer doubt as to the ori-
gin of these leagues, the uses they were to be
put to, aud the kind of " republican" govern-
1 ment Governor Holden and his followers desire
to see established in this country. He has
been, as I am given to understand, in the
city of Washington for the past week or two,
endeavoring to instigate some such action as
is suggested by this resolution. I know not
how far he has inspired it; but this I do know,
that if Governor Holden's intentions, as pro-
claimed in the presence of this minister and
his friends, are understood by the American
people, he will soon receive his quietus. His
proposition should accompany this resolution ;
it is what the resolution is intended to accom-
plish ; the design is the perpetuation of the
power of this Government in the hands of the
party who now hold it, or the individual who
