1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
42d Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
is now President of the United States, at the
cost of the Constitution of our Government.
I mean to say that Governor Holden's ex-
pressed wish is entirely in accord with the
resolution offered by the Senator from Ohio.
I think our people need only to be forewarned
in regard to this. I think Senators need but
understand the intent and objects of this man
in using this organization in the State of North
Carolina to make them glad to wash their hands
of him, and send him back to be dealt with
by his own people as law and justice shall
decree.
To continue the history of the formation of
these leagues, their object and results, I will
read from page 190 the testimony of Mr. George
Laws, the clerk of the superior court in Orange
county and the judge of probate of that dis-
trict, a man who has lived there for fifty-seven
years:
Question. What opportunities have you had for
knowing the state of security of person and property
in the county of Orange for tho last fow years? Q-ivo
us your means of knowledge, and what is the con-
dition of things existing there.
Aiibwtr. I think X can state it. There was a great
deal of confusion there at the time of the surrender
in 1865. The colored population, as they are termed,
were thrown upon us, and they were not disposed to
work at that time. The consequcnce was that they
had no way of making a living, and had to resort to
theft. There was a great deal of trouble in that
way. We had no courts^open, and the magistrates
of tho county, who werG appointed by the provis-
ional governor, drew up a petition, and I was the
bearer of it myself to Governor Holden, to give us
a jury court twice a year; but he refused to grant us
the petition. The negroes got up what we called
leagues in our county. X know nothing about them
myself. They were societies. I do not know whether
they were secret or not. They were known as
leaguers. I do not suppose there was much secrecy
about them. There was a great deal of depredation
committed through the country, and there was no
law to protect tho citizens. Then it is reported (1
know nothing of it except from report, and I am
glad 1 know nothing about it) that another organi-
zation, known as the Ku Klux, was got up to oper-
ate against the league societies. Some people deny
there being Ku Klux, but I think that where there'
whs so much smoky there must have been some lire.
There is none in existence there now, and I do not
think there has been any for the last eighteen
months. Things got better after awhile. The rea-
son why I can speak positively about an organiza-
tion of that kind is that in August, 1868, a company
came to our town, forced open the jail, and took out
two negroes. One of them got shotsome way—acci-
dentally, as I learned—and he died twelve or four-
teen d...ys afterward. The other negro was tried
regularly, and cleared. The transaction that it grew
outot was this: a man by the name of Jones had a
lrecdman, a colored man, living on his land. Ho
could not get clear ot him, and he resorted to the
law, got out his process, and put it in the hands of
an oliicer. lie got what we call there a writ of pos-
session, turned the man out, and put his things in
the road. There were William M. Jones, James
Minor, the officer, and Jesse W. Morrow, who was
summoned to go with tho officer and assist him.
The evidence came out in my court (.that is the way
1 got hold ol it) that this colored man, Jeff. Morrow,
was determined to have satisfaction; but intended
to delay it until after harvest. After these three men
had got their wheat all cut and housed in theirbarns
they were all set on fire and in a light blaze at one
time; you could stand and see them all burning at
once.
I desire to add the testimony of Mr. Robert
W. Logan, editor of a Radical newspaper and
a deputy United States marshal, to be found
on page 130. He was asked;
Do you know of any organizations called Union
Leagues in your county?
Answer. I do.
Question. When were they first formed?
Answer. I think about the first organization in my
county was a short time before the presidential elec-
tion in 1868.
Question. Were you a member of it?
Answer. Yes, sir; I was vice president.
Question. Was your society bound by an oath ?
Anxwcr. Yes, sir.
Quaiion. What is the extent of your society in
numbers?
Answer. We had in our county, to the best of my
recollection, twelve orfourteen hundred members.
Question. Was that society in the interest of the
Republican party?
Ansicer. Yes, sir, in the interest of the Union.
Question. Were the negroes members of it?
Anbwer. Yes, sir.
The testimony of numerous witnesses could
be added to tins irrefutable proof that eighty
thousand negroes were leagued in North Car-
olina, who voted as a unit, bound by oath,
compelled by intimidation, to obey the behests
of Governor Holden. This white organization,
call it the " White Brotherhood," orthe " Con-
stitutional Union Guards," or "The Invisible
Empire," or, to give it the name by which it is
most generally known, the " Ku Klux Klan,"
absurd as it is, was no doubt created as a
retaliatory measure to the organization of the
negro leagues. The one created the other.
It is not a question of justification ; it is but
accounting for natural results. Banded in these
leagues, the negroes committed the crimes, in-
cendiarism, theft, murder, and offenses against
the chastity of white women, and when con-
victed were swiftly pardoned by Holden. The
counter-organizations among the whites were
solely to protect themselves.
But there is one fact which I will recall to
Senators, that by the almost unbroken testi-
mony of the witnesses for the prosecution—I
use that term advisedly ; I think it is precisely
what is going on ; that North Carolina is being
tried behind her back—these occurrences are
eighteen months old at least. Judge Settle, at
pages 85, 87, and 88 of his testimony, declares
that the outrages which he related to the com-
mittee were eighteen months ago. Judge Bat-
tle declared the same; Mr. Moore, Judge
Reid, even Boyd, their chief witness, has de-
clared the same. Mr. Long, Turrentine, Cap-
tain Ramsey, all concur. Let me, as confirm-
atory of what they have said, read Governor
Holden's own admissions in November, 1870,
in his message to the Legislature of North
Carolina. He declares:
Tho power of the State government to protect,
maintain, and perpetuate itself has been tested and
demonstrated. The secret organization which dis-
turbed the peace of society, which was sapping the
foundations of tho government, sotting the law at
defiance and inflicting manifold wrongs on a large
portion of our people, has been exposed and broken
up. Well-meaning, honest men, who had been
decoyed into this organization, have availed them-
selves of this opportunity to escape from it, and will
henceforth bear thoir testimony against it as wholly
evil in its principles and its modes of oporation. A
score or more of wicked men have been driven from
the State, while those of the same character who
remain have been made to tremble before the aveng-
ing hand of power. The majesty of the law has been
vindicated. The poor and tbo humble now sleep
unmolested in their houses, and are no longer
scourged or murdered on account of their political
opinions. Peace and good order have been restored
to all parts of the State, with the exception of the
county of Robeson, in which some murderers and
robbers a re still at large, but it is expected they will
speedily be arrested and brought to punishment. In
view of this altered and gratifying condition of things
I issued another proclamation on the 10th of this
month, revoking former proclamations which placed
Alamanco and Caswell in a state of insurrection.
With this man's own attestation of the peace
and order of that State, how can the Senate of
the United States undertake such action as is
proposed by this resolution? After Holden's
declarations, after all this testimony that dis-
order no longer exists, what justification is
there for stirring this matter up ? Why is it
done? These evils, if they did exist, are all
proven to have ceased eighteen months ago.
If this state of affairs did exist, why did the
Senators from North Carolina sit here in their
place and make no report of it? Ah, sir, has
not this action been prompted by the results
oftheelection ? If Governor Holden's schemes
for retaining power had been successful, if
that State bad been still kept under the feet of
her Radical masters, would wc have had any
complaint of the want of peace or order there?
Mr. POOL. I suppose the Senator forgets
the speech I made in the Senate now about
twelve months since on this very subject, and
I introduced a bill at that time, about such a
bill as ought to pass now.
Mr. BAYARD. I really did forget the Sen-
ator's speech. I believe I was not in the Sen-
ate at tho time it was delivered. I think I
heard of it, and I believe it was something of
the character he mentions. Probably he was
then, as he is now, entirely in favor of invok-
ing the arm of Federal power to give power
to the minority, whom his people desire to get
rid of.
As I say, Mr. President, this testimony con-
currently shows these disorders; breaches of
the peace and invasion of personal safety are
things of the past.
They file here what they term "confessions"
of men who had been members of these organ-
izations. I wish the Senate to know how these
so-called confessions were obtained. I have
shown you how Mr. Bergen sought to obtain his,
by torture. Let us see now how Mr. Albright,
a brigadier general of militia under Governor
Holden's appointment, got them. At page 294
will be found the testimony of Mr. Bradshaw,
one of those parties who had signed a card
withdrawing from this Ku Iilux organization,
and denouncing it very bitterly. His confes-
sion is appended to the President's message as
one of the documents. At page 294 the Sen-
ate will find Albright himself dictated to this
witness what he desired to put into his con-
fession:
Question. Describe to us how you gave this affi-
davit. Did you make the statements voluntarily, or
did you make them in reply to questions by Albright?
Answer. I did it in reply to questions. He wanted
me to state the whole conversation. These names
he proposed himself.
Question. Did he let you speak freely, or would ho
correct you in making the statement?
Answer. I did that myself: the statement about
being a member of the organization. I did that: ho
wanted me to state my connection with it.
Question. Did ho suggest to you the names of the
people himself?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOTT. I call the Senator's attention
to the fact that there is a confession signed by
William S. Bradshaw, and an affidavit. The
confession in the President's message is not
referred to in that testimony, but the affidavit.
Mr. BAYARD. What I mean to say is
plainly this: that there has been paraded
before the Senate and the country what is
called a confession by William S. Bradshaw,
and I mean to say Bradshaw has testified that
confession was dictated by Albright, who forced
Bradshaw to say things he did not mean, and
told him he did not want his opinions, but he
wanted the opinions he (Albright) put in his
mouth.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not wish to interrupt
my friend for any improper purpose, but to
recall to him the fact—I am sure he is as
familiar with it as I am—that there is a con-
fession signed by sixteen persons, which is
communicated in the President's message,
and that the testimony which the Senator is
now quoting is with reference to the affidavit
made by Mr. Bradshaw at a different time,
and not in reference to that confession at all.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not care at which point
you apply the testimony, because the witness
afterwards speaks of both distinctly. They
paraded this card confessing his former union
with the organization, denouncing it and with-
drawing from it. The man swears th^t he
never signed that paper; that he never saw it,
and that he never authorized his name to be
put to such a document. He was called upon
to know whether he would 'sign a withdrawal
from the society. He said yes, and on the
strength of that, his name is put to a paper
which he never saw, which he never signed;
and that he swears to before the committee.
If the honorable Senator, or those with whom
he acts on this subject, can gain anything from
the fact that the man repudiates under oath
both his confession made at Albright's sug-
gestion and the card retiring from the associa-
tion—if he thinks anything can be gained by
transplanting one part of the evidence to the
other, he is very welcome to it, but I cannot see
how it will mend his case. His testimony will
be found on page 298. He states distinctly
that Albright put words in his mouth and
