1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
it is now expended. I have communicated
wilh the Secretary of War oil the subject. It
is now expended, and these poor people are
now your dependents. You can send tliem
away if you please, giving them nothing ; but
I hope the Senate will not do that.
Mr. THURMAN. There is one thing very
singular about these appropriations for the
poor of the District of Columbia, and that is,
(hat, they are always moved in Congress just
before an' election in the District. It is just
one vear ago 
Mr. PATTERSON. My friend will allow
me to say that I moved this amendment at the
close of the last session on the appropriation
bill. 011 the closing night, I think, and it failed.
Mr. THURMAN. That was on the 3d of
March.
Mr. PATTERSON. "At the close of the
last session.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, that was the 3d of
this month.
Mr. PATTERSON. _ So it does not come
so soon before the election.
Mr. THURMAN. It comes very soon before.
Just one year ago, and just before the election
that took place in this city in April last, and
when there was a great strife between the
opposing candidates in the Republican party
itself as to who should get the nomination of
that party, we had a bill brought here to grant
$30,000 lor the poor of the District. That
gave rise to a debate. In that debate I put
the question to the chairman of the District
Commiitee whether there were no poor laws
in this District, whether there was 110 provis-
ion of law for administering to the wants of
the needy; and I was told tnat there was not.
Then I suggested that there should be some
law framed, that the District Committee should
present a law, that this should not be the only
spot in the Republic in which there was no
provision by law for taking care of the poor
and needy who might be destitute of means
of support by their own aid or that of their
friends. The answer given to me was that"
there was a pressing necessity to pass that ap-
propriation; it must be passed then; it could
not wait the enactment of a law; people were
suffering, people were dying i'or want of food
and for want of fuel to keep life in them. I
thought it, a little strange then, if there was
such sintering in the District, that the appro-
priation had been delayed until nearly the
whole or quite the whole of the winter had
passed by. I thought it a little strange that
it should come just, at a time when an elect ion
was approaching in the District.
Now, nr, I lind it here again. The District
Committee has had a year in which to mature
a but for the relief ol the poor of the District,
a regular system of poor laws such as exists in
every State of the Union, and yet we have no
bill, but we have a motion made to appropriate
a sum of money right before the election ; and
we are told that there is a pressing necessity to
pass it. It must be done right away to relieve
the, needy and suffering. I say that it this
thing is to be followed up in this way wo never
shall have an end to these appropriations. J
do not object to appropriations for the poor ol
the District, provided you make some poor-law
that, will bo right and uniform in its operation
and will place the administration of the lund
in proper hands. That the territorial Assem-
bly which we have created is competent to do;
that it can do. I think it ought to have been
done by Congress before this; but if the estab-
lishment, of this territorial government has re-
moved that from the cognizance of Congress,
or ought to remove it—and I do not dispute
that—then, I say that some law upon this sub-
ject should be passed by that Assembly which
shall put an end to these repeated applications
to Congress for relief. I ask that the amend-
ment may be again reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
ROY in the chair.) It will be again reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I should like to
know why that is limited to colored people.
I should like to know why a suffering poor
white man. or white woman, or white child,
is not as much entitled to our bounty as a
negro ? I should like to have some reason
given for that, if any reason exists for it.
Mr. PATTERSON. Does the Senator wish
me to give the answer now?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, I should like to
hear it-
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that these
poor colored people are not the natural, legit-
imate poorof the District but were thrown into
the District by the war and the act of emanci-
pation. They fled to this District during the
war and are here in large numbers. Now, is
it quite fair that the people of the District
should be taxed to feed this immense crowd of
poor people who are thrown in here as the
result of the war? They are in fact the wards
of the Government, and let the Government
feed them. If the war has brought about this
result, let us meet the responsibilities which
the war has thrown upon us.
I never before heard or thought of the idea
that politics was involved in this charity. 1 am
perfectly willing that any Democrat in this city
should distribute this charity. Mostof the char-
ities are distributed and are to be distributed by
females, ladies who give their entire time and
service to this work, and I suppose they would
feed indigent Democrats as readily as they
would feed indigent Republicans. This appro-
priation is only to keep people from starving
who are actually starving to-day. I have
received many letters and other evidences of
the utter want and suffering of these people in
this District. Now, shall we meet that claim
of humanity or not?
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President,
that is precisely the same speech that my
friend made one year ago.
Mr. PATTERSON. Not at all.
Mr. THURMAN. Just exactly. If you
will look at the Congressional Globe you will
find it is almost in totidem verbis the speech
my friend made a year ago ; and he will make
it next year, and the year after, and as long
as this body is honored by his presence in it.
His argument goes to the effect that we are
forever to take care of all the indigent colored
people of this District, under the idea that
they were refugees during the war. Why ref-
ugees during the war? There were white ref-
ugees enough during the war. There are white
refugees here who were refugees during the
war; and 1 should like to know whether their
claim to the bounty of the Government is not
equal to the claim of anybody else.
Sir, that will not do. There is not a State
ot the Union in which there are not plenty of
these refugees who came from the South dur
ing the war alter the proclamation of emanci-
pation. Ohio is full of them, and so is Indi-
ana. If tlicy are wards of the Government,
why not, provide for their support in Ohio ?
Why does not the national Government pro-
vide for these indigent people in Ohio, in Indi-
ana, in Illinois, iu every border State? It
may be that there are none of them in New
Hampshire. I do not suppose there are, not
because they do not like the people there,
but it is too cold for them ; it is too far off'.
They are iu the border States, in Pennsyl-
vania, in West Virginia, in Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois; and if they are the wards of the Gov-
ernment, pray why does not the national Gov-
ernment provide for them there as well as
provide for them herein the Districtof Colum-
bia? No, sir; that will not do at all.
Now, as to politics, I do not say that the
almoners of this bounty would not feedaDem- j
ocrat as well as feed a Republican ; but I do
know this, that they would feed any one who
has a vote, according to the best of my observ-
ation and belief.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to my friend
that many of these colored people are eighty,
ninety, and one hundred years old. and the
larger class of them are women, and tliey do
not yet vote in this District.
Mr. THURMAN. [ do not know how long
it will be before they do get a vote. I rather
think the Presiding Officer (Mr. Pojiekoy in
the chair) can give us more light ou that
subject than the Senator from Near Hamp-
shire. But those who are tiot women, those
who are men, be they eighty, ninety, or one
hundred years old, if they have vo'es in th  
District, will get soup. That is the ir.iMi
about it.
Now, Mr. President, it is a very strange
thing, i say again, that these appropriaiions
come here at the end of the winter. Alier the
cold weather is over, after that peiiod when
supplies are most demanded for the poor has
gone by,when the bright and warm sun shines
over our head every day, and men are throw
ing off their overcoats and coming out almost
in summer garb, hero we have an appropriation
of this kind moved in this body. I do not like
the appearance of it. Now, I should like to
ask my friend, llie chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, whether any appropriation
was made for this purpose at the last ses-
sion ?
Mr. COLE I believe not for this particular
association.
Mr. THURMAN. For any association.
Mr. COLE. We appiopriated for two or
three associations in the city.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senalor recol-
lect what associations they were?
Mr. COLE. One over at Georgetown—I
do not remember the name of it,—and the other
is out here on Capitol Hill.
Mr. THURMAN. It appears, then, that
there has been no appiopriatiou for this pur-
pose during the last session of Congress. How
it can be that these people were able to get
along during the cold, weary hours of the win-
ter without any appropriation for their support,
and all at once here in the bright, opening of
spring Congress must come to their relief, is
a thing past my comprehension.
Mr. SUMNI3R. May I interrupt, iny friend
just there ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. The fact is this: applica-
tion was made last Christmas ; but meanwhile
there was an unexpended balance at the War
Department which was used, and then came
the charity of the North providing supplies
by which these people have been kepi, along
till now. The unexpended balance at the War
Department is at an end. We cannot expect,
much more from the North. We are now led
to look to ourselves. We must, do somelhmg
for them, and I wish my friend would consider
precisely the case, that there are no means at
the War Department, tiiere is no reason to
expect that we shall have any considerable
supplies from the North ; and therefore there
is a duty incumbent upon us to do'tiiischarity;
otherwise it will fail.
I say nothing now with regard to whether
white persons shall he treated in the same way.
The Senator knows very well that any proper
proposition of that kind that may be brought
forward will always have my support; and ]
should certainly not try to embarrass it by
another proposition. 1 submit this proposi-
tion on its own individual merits. It stands
by itself. It is a clear, good case, and if we
do not vote this money I tremble for the con-
sequences. I feel that these poor people—in-
deed, I know that many of them—must starve.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague will allow
me, I feel somewhat as he does with regard to
making these appropriations, but I have here
a letter from a lady who is known to a num-
ber of Senators, and her statement is worihv
of credit; and I ask my colleague to listen m
the facts which she states on her own knowl-
edge :
" Since 1SG4 X have given my undivided attention
t,o the care ot them. They came lioro umtbiu to
