24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
made him say that they threatened to assas-
sinate him when he said nothing of the kind:
Question. You say in your affidavit" my impression
is that there is in Alamance county seventy-five, or
more, desperate men, belonging to the organization,
who would commit any crime to carry out their pur-
poses and designs." Did you believe that to be true
at the time you made that statement, without regard
to the names?
Answer. He just had his way; he said that was
public opinion, and said he did not want my opinion
at all.
By Mr. Bayard:
Question. Mr. Albright made you give that as your
opmiou?
Answer, Yes, sir.
By the Chairman:
Question. Did you give that as your meaning?
Anmoer. I wanted it to be distinctly understood,
and I talked to him sincc, that I subscribed to it as
his (Albright's) opinion. Ho said he did not want
jny opinion. I talked to him afterward, and he said
that he never intended to have that part published
at all.
This is a specimen of these "confessions,"
and the Senate and the country know what
value to put upon them. It shows the pro-
fligacy, it shows the boldness, and it shows the
outrage of this whole system of misrepresenta-
tion of that people, that this man Albright
should dare to publish as a confession lan-
guage that he himself had extorted from this
•witness under a threat of trial by a military
commission, and even then would not permit
the man to speak his own meaning ; nay, fur-
ther, that they should publish a confession with-
drawing froui the organization and put that
man's name to it, when he never saw it (see
page 300) nor authorized his signature. Sir, a
cause so sustained must be discredited. It can-
not among honest men anywhere have any
weight. It shows you what villainy has heen
attempted upon the people of North Carolina.
Th«*y have relied upon one Mr. James E.
Boyd, a man who had a short connection with
tins society, lasting but a few months, whose
knowledge of it is derived entirely from hear-
say, who says he never attended but one meet-
ing of the order. (Page 18.)
Question. Were you present at nny deliberations
upon the propriety of raiding against or punishing
any one?
Aitmocr. No, sir; I never was at bat one meeting
of the oigamz.ition in my life.
Qucrttou. But one?
Aiision. I attended but one meeting after I was
initiated; and nothing was done at that meeting but
the initiation of members.
This man was one of those arrested, by order
of Governor Holden,'by Kirk. lie was car-
ried into camp. Ho was there told that a mil-
itary commission composed of Kirk and Ber-
gen, with this man Albright, was to be organ-
ized to try him. The result of such atrial
was foreordained. Of course he was to be
murdered under the name of a trial. He be-
came exceedingly alarmed, and about that
time a promise was made to him that if be
would confess lie should go free. Not only
that; heactuallyreceivedmoney from Governor
Holden for the purpose of becoming not only
the betrayer of his late companions, violating
the oath lie had voluntarily taken, and which
he has described, but the paid agent lor their
prosecution and punishment. (See Albright's
testimony, page 82.)
Antwi-r. Weil, he retained him during the time of
the military movements as counsel to bring out their
Coniessions and prosecute. He retained him then,
no' suieo. I know the fact ttiat they had some un-
pleasantness about the matter, and he is no longer
his counsel.
Question. What was the amount of the fee?
A/tiw" ■. lie got $250, but claimed S50U. It was for
prosecuting the Ku Klux.
He swore he would be punished by death
for revealing the secrets of the order. Hellas
done so for nearly one year past, and not one
hair of his head has been touched. He com-
plains of the •'coolness" of society toward
him. 1 do not know any decent country where
the paid informer is considered a reDutabie
man. Yet it was such evidence that was
chiefly relied upon by the Senator from Ohio
for his allegation in this resolution that this
organization of Ku Klux was composed mainly
of soldiers of the rebel army. Let us see what
justification he has for that. At page 20 of
Boyd's testimony he is asked :
Question, So far as you know, what is your belief
as to the proportion of persons in this organization
who were soldiers in the confederate service?
Answer. Really, now, the majority. Nearly every
man in thecountry was a soldier in the army, between
the ages of sixteen and fifty.
Question. Arothe majority of persons in the organ-
ization confederate soldiers?
Aiixwer. I take it to be so, simply because a major-
ity of the men were in the confederate service in
some way, either in the junior or senior reserves, or
regular service.
That is to say, because during the warnearly
every able-bodied man, capable of arias-bear-
ing, between the ages of twenty and forty-
five, wascotnpeiled to military service, forthat
reason and for no other, this man undertakes
to say that this organization is composed of
those men. There is an answer to that on
page 41 of the testimony, which I think is
complete. Jt is the testimony of Mr. Peter
R. Harden, a witness whose testimony was
read to the Senator from Ohio on Saturday.
He is asked by the chairman :
What proportion of persons in your county whom
you believe to bo members of the Ku Klux organi-
zation were confederate soldiers?
Answer. Weil, the larger number of them wero
confederate soldiers, and there is something a Utile
strange about that; there are men who belong to
that order now, that during the war were hunted up
in tho woods as deserters trom the confederate army,
and were actually punished as deserters.
And so I should think. The clas3 of men
who would commit such cowardly outrages are
not the brave soldiers who opposed the forces
of the North in the late war. It has been a
cruel slander upon those men to attempt to
link thera and their late service with such
cowardly transactions as these. There is
enough high testimony to show that men as
brave as were the troops of North Carolina in
the late war would be the last on earth to com-
mit thesedastardly and cruel outrages. Boyd's
testimony is the only attempt made to fix this
stigma upon those gallant soldiers. No maxim
is more true than that cruelty is generated in
cowardice, and that humanity is inseparable
from courage. It is impossible that men who
had exhibited the splendid courage of those
troops during the war should be capable of
such cowardly acts as are now sought, in the
absence of any testimony, to be attributed to
them.
Boyd is contradicted as to his positive state-
ments by Bradshaw, at page 292, and by Tur-
ner, at page 353, who both categorically deny
the fact of giving him information which he
states distinctly they imparted to him. They
both swear distinctly that he has falsified him-
self; and the rule is true, falsus in zino, falsua
in omnibus. This man who, to inculpate his
own friends, broke the oath he had so volun-
tarily taken, who suppressed the fact that he
had received pay from the Governor of the
State for prosecuting his late friends, who mis-
states important facts tending to implicate his
former friends and neighbors, such a witness
can have no weight with honest men anywhere.
He cannot carry conviction as to any fact
whereof he speaks; and when, as v/e find, his
testimony is based almost entirely upon mere
hearsay, it must be dismissed with contempt.
I say, sir, that the testimony contained in
these four hundred and twenty-three pages,
while it goes to show that many crimes were
committed, at the same time does not tend to
fix the commission of them upon any one, or
disclose the actual perpetrators. You would
not be justified in holding the meanest pick-
pocket for trial upon such testimony as the
whole four hundred and twenty-three pages
contain. The crimes have been committed ;
secretly, as most crimes are; tho perpetrators
in many cases have not been brought to jus-
tice ; but all this testimony will give no one
the ground to say that a secret political organ-
ization has ordered them or has committed
them. There has been the same complete fail-
ure before the Senate that there was before the
judicial tribunals of North Carolina. If the
Senate to-day were sitting upon those cases,
they would be compelled to discharge every
man whose name has been connected with
these offenses, because there would be a lack
of anything like certainty of proof on the sub-
ject.
As I say, I am not here to apologize for or
approve the creation of these secret political
societies on any side. I have been opposed to
them all my life. It is with me an inherited
opposition in a republican form of government
to creating secret political orders. The oaths
of these societies, which have been read, ate
very much the same as the oaths 1 have seen
published of the Know-Nothings and other
secret orders of that kind, all of which, I think,
are inconsistent with a republican form of gov-
ernment, and certainly contrary to the Consti-
tution of the United States.
I ask the Senate and the country whether
the Governor of North Carolina is not prima-
rily responsible with his party associates for
the state of affairs generated by these secret
orders? How can theye be peace in a com-
munity where there has been a deliberate
organization of all the laboring men in hostil-
ity to the men from whom they are to receive
employment? It is race against race It is
labor against capital. How would such a
party be regarded in the northern States ? Let
that fact go before the people of the North,
that all the workingmen of the country are to
be organized and inveigled into secret socie-
ties, each intimidating the other, the object
of the organization being to control politically
.the operations of capital throughout the coun-
try. Why, sir, is it not a complete destruc-
tion of all the sweet affiances of life? Is
it not a complete destruciion of all the rela-
tions between man and his fellows? Is not
the employer to use the justifiable influence
of affection, of instruciion, of' counsel, and
kindly services with those whom he assists to
get their bread, and who in their turn assist
to make his capital available to himself and
them also? What peace can be expected to
society where the two great cooperative classes
essential for each other's safetv shall be per-
verted from their natural friendship into foes
by organization?
I ask those who profess political friendship
for the colored people in the State of North
Carolina whether they really believe that class
will be safer in the hands of these political
adventurers who are seeking to organize them
for their own party purposes than they would
be in the hands of those from whom alone
they can obtain employment, and who were
their friends in the past as they are now? The
relation of the races during the war showed that
there was no hostility between them. The.e
was love and affeetiun borne by the colored
race toward those who were their masters. The
history of that war will be hereafter, I am sat-
isfied, the very best answer to the slanders
against the white people ofthe southern States.
Throughout that war, if the negroes had those
wrongs to avenge which your novelists, lec-
turers, and other libelers have averred them
to have, they certainly would have availed
themselves of the constant opportunities to
avenge them ; but the history of the war showed
thatthose wrongsnevercould haveexisted, and
that there was between those people, until they
were disturbed by political adventurers, the
strongest ties on each side, relatively, of affec-
tion and protection.
Who were and are tho true friends of the
colored people will be very clearly shown by
the testimony of lie v. Mr. Smith, found at
