262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
labor, and Government lias each year made partial
provision for them.
"The sum named in the bill ($12,000) is the exact
amount expended last year for food and fuel by the
Secretary of War for the old, crippled, blind, idiotic,
and permanently sickly destitute people. This class
received out of the $30,001) appropriated by Congress
last year, in food and fuel, 612,000. They are one
thousand in number, many of them entirely help-
less, all really paupers, but the city government has
not had their productive labor. I trust you will
aid the passage of the bill. I have for two years
provided their clothing by soliciting aid from the
charitable in the North. This clothing has been
their only covering, and still is. I still expect to
labor for their relief in cooperation with the Gov-
ernment, and do assure you that the passage oi the
bill is vitally important to the interests of humanity
as well as good government."
That is the statement of the case made by
this lady, and I have no doubt it is so. If that
is so, there can be no complaint that this is a
political matter; and these people are_ so
utterly helpless that we ought to appropriate
this small amount of mouey as an act of the
commonest charity.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope I am as sensitive
to the sufferings of anybody, white or black,
as any member of this body: at least, I am
not willing to' admit that I am not; but I can-
not help saying, as I have already said, that
these appropriations are asked for in a very
peculiar manner. As to the fact of there
being suffering here, that can be said of any
city in the country. There is not one in which
yon cannot get just as appalling a picture of
suffering as you can here.
But now I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to what they did last year and how they
did it. I find that the bill of last year was
approved on the l-r;th of February, 1870. I
thought it was in March. It put the whole
matter in the hands of the Secretary of War.
The first section of it provided :
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
instructed to make such orders as may be necessary
for the temporary relief, in cases of absolute neces-
sity, of the poor of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown until otherwise ordered by the Presi-
dent of the United States;
making no distinction of color whatever—
"and that the amount thus to be expended shall not
exceed the sum of 830,000; which sum is hereby
appropriated for that purpose out of any money in
the Treasury nototherwise appropriated; Provided,
Tllat relief bhall beuflbrded by the Secretary of War
undertbis resolution onlyupon the recommendation
of the Washington Association for the Improvement
of the Condition of the Poor, or the National Freed-
men's Belief Association, or the Industrial Home
School. That the Secretary of War may agree with
the benevolent associations aforesaid, or with other
persons, to furnish the supplies necessary to carry
this act into eifeet, whenever, in his opinion, the
same can be furnished at a cheaper rate than the
same can be done otherwise."
Then the second section provides—
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to furnish, upon the recommendation of
the Washington Association for the Improvement
of the Condition of the Poor, or the National Freed-
inen's Belief Association, or the Industrial Home
School, condemned clothing and other articles, not
suited for Army purposes, for distribution by them
among the pqor and destitute in the District of
Columbia, not to exceed $10,000; and the persons
charged with the expenditure of the aforesaid ap-
propriation sbali, so far as may be practicable, pro-
vide labor and materials for labor, so as to promote
aud improve the condition of the poor."
The third section provides—
"That tlie use of the buildings in Judiciary square,
occupied as storehouses by the medical department
of the Army, be granted, until otherwise ordered by
the President, to the Women's Christian Association
ot Washington, for the purpose of enabling said
association to giveemployment to indigent women."
Then comes the last section, section four;
"That the parties hereinbefore named, to whom the
distribution of the said fund is intrusted, shall make
report to Congress on the first Monday in December
next of their action, when the sum hereby appropri-
ated shall have been expended."
I want to know if that report has been made.
I have seen nothing of it. I should like some
one to turn me to any such report, if it has
been made. Where is the report which was
to be made to Congress on the first day of the
last session, the first Monday of December?
If any body has seen it I have not. If the
Senate has not seen it, then does the Senate
know what is the fact in regard to the appro-
priation of this fund? Unless we are willing
to adopt the suggestion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, that we are forever, without
any inquiry even as to whether they came
from the South, or whether they came from
the North, or whether they were born here,
to constitute these colored persons the wards
of the Government under the theory that we
brought them here, which might just as well
be said of every border State in the Union;
unless we are prepared in all time to come to
make these appropriations, there must be a
time when they shall stop. Just as long as
you make these appropriations just so long
will there be people here to receive them.
There is no question about that. Not one of
these persons will return to thsir homes, not
one of them will ever leave the place where
the Government by its bounty provides for
their support.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator asks when
this will cease. It will cease when the neces-
sity ceases. The Senator sees that already
the appropriation is diminishing. Last year
it was $30,000; now the proposition is only
$12,000; and perhaps next year there will be
no such proposition; I know not. Each year
will take care of itself. But when you see a
reduction from $30,000 to $12,000 in one year,
does not that enable me to answer the Sen-
ator in his inquiry when it will cease? It is
in the process of ceasing now.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. If the letter read by my
colleague be true there is no diminution at
all. The letter read by him imports that of
the $30,000 that were appropriated last year
$12,000 were used for the purpose specified
in this amendment; and now $12,000 more
are asked for the same purpose. The remain-
der of that $30,000 went to other purposes.
Mr. SUMNER. It all went to charity.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said $12,000 was en-
tirely in fuel and clothing furnished by the
War Department, so that there could be no
misapplication of the property.
Mr. SUMNER. I can assure the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thukmak] that there will be no
misapplication in this case ; the money will be
honestly applied, and will do a good service ;
and I hope the Senator will relax his opposi-
tion. Indeed, I can see no ground for it unless
you make up your minds sternly, austerely,
that you will have nothing to do with these
people who have been cast upon your bounty
here. They have come here. We did not
invite them, but they were driven here. They
find themselves now sitting at our feet. Shall
we turn them away and leave them in their
condition of pauperism and desolation, with-
out giving them a helping hand ? I do not
think it would he considerate in the Senate to
refuse to help them. I think it would be un-
kind. I think my friend is carrying (if I may
so say) some theoretic principle of his against
the promptings oS his heart. I know his heart
is charitable; I know that his nature is full of
kindness. I-ask him to let that heart and that
nature now have full play. The occasion is
not large, it is small, but let the heart and the
nature of my friend have full play.
Mr. THURMAN. Nobody knows better
than the Senator from Massachusetts that
indiscriminate and imprudent charity is often
the very worst enemy of its beneficiaries.
Nobody knows better than he the discussions
that have taken place and the light that has
been shed in the British Parliament on the
poor-laws of Great Britain. Although I always
have been and am an advocate for poor- laws,
(for I believe them to be absolutely neces-
sary in any country that has any regard what-
soever for human life and human suffering,)
yet everybody who has any acquaintance with
this subject knows how liable they are to be
abused, and how often they are perverted from
the purposesfor which they were enacted. You
must have poor-laws; but you must have them
in the interest of suffering, and not in |he in-
terest of laziness. You must have them in
the interest of want, and not in the interest of
mere indisposition to labor. You must have
them faithfully and honestly administered
for the purpose for which they are enacted,
and not perverted to other purposes that are
illegitimate.
I say again, if there is no system of poor-
laws in this District, it is the only place on
this continent, I may say the only place in the
civilized world, where there is no such system.
I put the question, as I stated before, to the
chairman of the District Committee one year
ago, whether there was such a system of poor-
laws here, and was answered in the negative.
I was afterward informed by a citizen of the
District that there is a provision ; that the levy
court has authority to Wry a tax for poor pur-
poses, for the support of the poor; that the
chairman of the District Committee was mis-
taken in supposing there was no provision. I
do not speak of the present year.
Mr. PATTERSON. The levy court acts
only outside of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, in the county.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, it could make pro-
vision for those outside of the cities ; and cer-
tainly the cities of Washington and Georgetown
had power under their charters to provide for
the support of the poor within those cities ; so
that, taking the levy court and the municipal
governments of these two cities, there was a
provision of law for the support of the poor.
Now, sir, we have no appeal made from the
city government of Washington, no appeal
made by the city government of Georgetown,
no appeal made by the levy court, no repre-
sentation to us of any necessity that needs our
action, no statement to us that their own laws
are insufficient for the purpose; but we have
sprung upon us under the cry of immediate
necessity this appropriation that is now asked
for; a similar one last year, and a similar one
the year before that; and so on I do not know
how far.
The Senator says these people have been
driven here by the rude circumstances of war.
Some of them undoubtedly have been, that is
very true; but there are just as many in the
city of Cincinnati who have gone there or been
driven there by the rude necessities of war as
there are in the city of Washington.. They are
just as much wards of the Government as are
these persons here ; and who is it that pretends
that the Government of the United States is to
provide for them ? Ohio does not ask it. The
city of Cincinnati does not ask it. Ohio pro-
vides for all the poor within her limits. She
does not even require them to be citizens of
Ohio; she does not require them to be inhabit-
ants of Ohio; they may be meretransientpoor.
If the wayfarer, passing through that State,
falls ill or is in want, his temporary necessities
are supplied, and no question is asked him to
what State he belongs or to what nation he
belongs. He may be a foreigner; he may
never have resided a day in Ohio; yet, if he
needs temporary relief, the laws provide that
he shall have it; and I take it, it is the same
in every State in this Union. If it is not, it
ought to be. It is a strange commentary upon
the law of the District, where the capital of the
country is located, if there are no such laws.
If Senators who are better informed on this
subject than I am think Congress should
make this donation, I do not know that I shall
oppose it; but I give fair notice that unless
the District government that we have provided
for shall enact some system of poor laws that
shall provide for their poor as the government
of Ohio provides for her poor, I shall here-
after oppose every appropriation of this kind.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not
know that the Senator from New Hampshire
made the speech last year that he has made
to-day; but I have a distinct remembrance
that the Senator from Ohio has substantially
