1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
42d Gong.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
page 215 of this report. He was requested
by General Howard to go to North Carolina,
and has charge of the normal school for the
education of colored teachers at Raleigh, North
Carolina. He is asked by the chairman:
Question. Hare you such personal knowledge or
reliable information from those whom you know to
bo credible as will enable you to state the true con-
dition of affairs in pny part of the State?
Answer. I think I have.
Question. State it as briefly as you can.
Answer. With regard to the people of North Caro-
lina—and I have had a great deal of intimate, close
conversation with gentlemen from various parts
of the State—I regard theui as an extremely kind
people; I mean toward the colored people, they have
a kindly iceling for them. I have evidence of it on
all sides in expressions and in acts. I find that the
relationship which formerly existed between master
and slavo has left a feeling of kindness on the part
of the master toward the slave. I find masters con-
tinually recognizing tho old frendship and aiding
and assisting their former slaves. I know of no feel-
ing upon the part of any od© in North Carolina that
I have ever talked with and met of antagonism
toward the colored people. <•
This witness further states thatin the organ-
ization of the schools throughout tho State he
received his chief aid from Bishop Atkinson,
the Episcopal bishop of that diocese, by assist-
ing him to organize his schools throughout that
State, and that the trustees who were so sug-
gested to him and who have assisted in organ-
izing the system of education are all of them
members of the Conservative party.
Why not therefore, Mr. President, let these
colored people alone, that they may choose
their friends as other men choose theirs ? Why
should they be controlled by these political
adventurers? Why not leave them free to go
back under the control of those who have been
true and kind to them, and with whom natu
rally there is an affinity of feeling and interest?
The answer is plain, that the welfare of the
coloied race is to be sacrificed for the benefit
of the Radical party. That is the only reason
for it. These poor people whom you profess
to desire to see advanced are made nothing
but cat's-paws for the purpose of gaining a
political advantage.
Mr. President, the committee were charged
with the examination of the security of prop-
erty. The destruction of property by incen-
diarism was but one danger to which it was
subjected. There was another and still more
wholesale destruction of property, caused by
the corrupt and wasteful mismanagement of
the State's credit. The fact, Mr. President, is
one beyond ail doubt; is concurrently stated
by the witnesses on both sides, that the State
debt of North Carolina at the close of the war
amounted to about fourteen million dollars,
and that, in a little less than eighteen months
after that State had been forced by the recon-
struction acts under the control of Holden and
his associates, that debt was increased from
$14,000,000 to $35,000,000, and that without
any benefit to the State, no trace where the
money has been usefully expended, but the
State is crushed under this fearful burden of
debt. And who are to pay this? The Union
Leagues of Governor Holden, the eighty thou-
sand voters whom he has relied upon to retain
political power in that State ? No, sir. There
would not be five per cent, of the taxation
necessary to pay such a debt or the interest on
it which the members of his party individually
would have to pay. The result of this fearful
accumulation of debt was to fill the minds of
the people of that State with apprehensions of
the gravest character. Bankruptcy was inev
itable. They knew of Holders complicity.
It is proved abundantly by witnesses on both
sides. United States Marshal G-oodloe is one
of those who speaks of this at page 232. He
describes the debt; and when I ask him:
Wos it judiciously and honestly incurred for the
benefitof the State?
He answers:
Answer. No, sir; it has b^en very dishonestly
Spent.
Question. Who obtained this benefit?
Answer. Well, sir. a set of swindlers, native and
foreign born, who ought to bo in the penitentiary
for the balance of their natural lives. One Little-
field, or General Littlefifeld 
Question. Where does ho hail from ?
Answer. He is a remarkably fine-lookingman, one
of the most elegant men I ever saw. He told me
that he resided at Germantown, Pennsylvania. Ho
also spoko of having lived in Illinois, lie was in the
Army. I understood the other day from a membor
of the committee that he was about to be cashiered
and put in prison for dishonorable conduct during
the war. I am sorry wo did not know it in time,
we might have saved some millions of the public
money. lie has been a great engineer of these
operations.
Question. Through whom did he chiefly act in these
frauds?
Answer. He became the friend of Governor Iloldon.
Question. Was ho an intimate friend of Governor
Holden ?
Answer. Yes, sir; he bought out Governor Hol-
den's paper, the Standard, built a very elegant print-
ing-house, bought material and paper, and we .t on
with a great flourish.
Question. Is Joseph W. Holden, the son of the
Governor, connected with it?
Amwer. He was for a time.
Question. Was it bought out for a fair price ?
Answer. I do not, know about that; a great many
doubted whether Governor Holden made a bona Me
sale. I think it was sold for about twenty thou-
sand dollars, and I believe it was a bona fide trans-
action.
Question. Could General Littlefield have accom-
plished theso Irauds on the State credit without the
aid of Governor Holden?
Answer. No, sir; he could not.
Judge Brooks, of the United States district
court, at page 281, gives a Tong account of the
creation of this debt:
Question. Has there been in your State for the last
two years any wide-spread apprehension among the
property-holding class of citizens, growing out of tho
manner in which the credit ot the State had been
used by Governor Holden and his administration?
Ansxcer. I think that feeling is universal among
all intelligent men. without distinction of party.
Question. State, if you please, thefceling upon that
subject amongthe people in North Carolina.
Atmoer. I think every man who has any interestin
the way of property, or who makes any contribution
in tho way of taxes, has felt very serious appre-
hension.
Question. Was Governor Holden and his admin-
istration identified with this course of lavish and
reckless expenditure?
He then proceeds to answer in what way :
I have never been prepared to think or to believe,
I would not here expre s the opinion, that Governor
Holden has participated in that way.
Question. You mean participated by taking part
of tho money?
Answer. Yes, sir. Our people, though, do hold him
responsible in this way: tfoey think he has failed to
do 1 bat which was in his power to have prevented it.
Question. Bid not this lavish issue of bonds and the
misappropriation of the public credit and money
occur under his administration and that of the party
which sustained him?
Ansiuer. Well, sir, it is a matter of public notoriety,
of history you may say, that the llepublican party
was largely in the majority prior to tho last general
election. The Legislature insession beforethe pres-
ent one waslareely llepublican. This extravagance
occurred mainly during that time.
Mr. Moore, who had official duties to per-
form in connection with the debt, at the time
of the organization of the new State govern-
ment, at page 200 is asked :
To what amount has that debt been increased ?
Answer. To about thirty-five million dollars, I
think.
Question. How was that increase made?
Answer. Under the pretended purpose of advanc-
ing internal improvements; and it was principally
brought about by persons who were not citizens of
the State of North Carolina, but who had a vast influ-
ence, bv having had positions as officers of the
United States Army.
Question. What were tho names of the chief man-
agers?
Answer. General Littlefield was tho principal man.
Question. What attitude did Governor Holden
occupy in regard to the creation of this additional
debt?
Answer. He made no opposition to it, and I re-
gretted it exceedingly, because there is no one I
know thatfeeN more deeply than I ao the degrada-
tion of the public faith of North Carolina.
At page 209:
Do you think the effect has been to bring financial
ruin to the State?
Antwer. I do. I do not see how it is possible to
avoid it. There is no one who would more object to
North Carolina being called a repudiating State
than myself; but I do not see how she can pay this
debt.
Question. You do not see how she can actually
meet it?
Answer. No, sir.
At pages 171 and 172 we have the testimony
of Judge Battle to the same effect. These are
men who have grown gray in the service of
that State, sons of her soil and loving her and
caring for her government. They and the
people of that State see that repudiation
is almost inevitable, and disgrace has been
brought on that State; and I ask the Senate
and I ask the country by whom has it been
brought? What party is responsible? Is it
not enough to destroy all law and order, that a
continuance of such profligacy should be pro-
posed, and that men should dare to come here
to Congress and ask you to give thetn new
powers lor the purpose of sustaining them in
the perpetration of these frauds? Are you
willing to do it? if this question were asked
of any community in the northern States, and
such a story of bankruptcy and outrage upon
property as is disclosed in this history of the
North Carolina State bonds could be proposed
to them, it would be met by a general outcry
of execration that would frighten the guilty
proposers.
Let the industrious farmers of the northern
and western States read this record of burning
barns, with all the stock, crops, and utensils,
and remember the criminals have confessed it
was done *' by authority," and answer whether
they will vote for Representatives who sustain
such crimes by their action here.
Your aid is asked to perpetuate such a con-
dition of affairs as that. Will you grant it?
A great deal of the difficulty in the affairs of
North Carolina has arisen from the character
of the men whom Holden has placed in office,
and 1 wish the Senate to observe what is said
on that subject. Atpage207 Mr. Moore states:
He was a strict partisan in his appointments. Tho
result of it was that a large proportion of the gentle-
men of North Carolina who had b^en in office in
furrner times, who had taken jus>t such a part in tho
rebellion, against their will and wishes, as to make
them obnoxiousto the provisions for reconstruction,
were kept out of office. There is nothing, in my
opinion, that tends more to tho security of life and
property than the respectability of subordinate ma-
gistrates. Ourjusticesof the peace$re peace officers.
A great many ot tho new appointments were oi men
of known bad character, men convicted of theit, or
accused and believed to have been guilty of theft,
and men who could not read or write. Why, sir,
precepts have been brought to bo issued by justic '•
who were not able to sign their names, but who in ado
their mark. J ustices who tried important cases, in-
volving misdemeanors lor which the parties might
bo sent to jail, could not write, and had to make
their mark for their signature.
One of these black justices was brought
before us as a witness, named Samuel Allen:
Question. Are these magistrates elected or ap-
pointed ?
Answer. A great many of them were appointed.
By Mr. Bayard:
Question. Appointed by Governor Holden?
Answer. Yes,sir. appointed bv him. And the sys-
tem of electing theso men to office is now such as to
entirely destroy all confidencein many localities, for
tho leagues are so united that they will elect colored
ignorant men.
Question. Were any eolored people appointed to
sueh positions ?
Answer. Yes, sir, many. In very many, of the
townships you will find colored men and white men
together acting as magistrates.
Question. That is under Governor Ilolden's system
of appointment ?
Anstoer. Yes, sir: they arc elected, too. The ad-
ministration of justice before justices of the pence
has become contemptible, and that is one great
source of demoralization in the State. Nothing con-
duces more to order, decency, and propriety in soci-
ety than to have gentlemen for magistrates; gentle-
men, I mean, in the true sense of the term.
Mr. President, there exists upon the stat-
ute book of North Carolina complete and per-
fect remedy for all these evils complained of.
At the second session of the last Congress the
Congress of the United States enacted a law,
which is to be found at page 9G of the laws of
that session, making it criminal and the offense
