264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
should be changed.so as to conform to the law
that was passed a year ago, or something more
than a year ago. In the House of Represent-
atives I then introduced a proposition myself
appropriating $30,000 to be placed in the hands
of the Secretary of War, as an amendment to
a proposition that came from the Senate. I
want to give the reasons why I did so; but
before I do that I will say that afterward J was
on the conference committee with other gen-
tlemen from the House and with Senators,
which committee agreed to the proposition
that has been read by the Senator from Ohio,
changing somewhat the measure passed by
the House, which had been proposed, as I
remarked, by myself as an amendment to the
Senate proposition.
I had had occasion to visit, some of the
places around this city where provisions were
issued to poor people by these different socie-
ties. As I stated then and state now, I went
on one or two occasions for the purpose of
obtaining information in reference to the sub-
ject, and I found there persons receiving pro-
visions at the hands of those charitable peo-
ple, purchase with money appropriated by
Congress, that were more able to labor than I
was. I saw, on one occasion, stout, able-
bodied men standing, when I was walking up
to the Capitol without an umbrella, with um-
brellas over them, receiving rations at the
hands of these people. This I saw and wit-
nessed myself, and this induced me to offer
the proposition that I did in the House of Rep-
resentatives, a part of which became the law.
When we put the distribution of these chari-
ties into the hands of the Secretary of War a
great change immediately ensued. About the
time it was done these Halls were besieged by
persons—good people, too, as the Senator from
Massachusetts says. He says they are the best
people he has ever known. I do not dispute
,tbat; I do not deny the fact that they are good
women, persons filled with charity in their
hearts. But. we thought it was best to put
the matter in the hands of the Secretary of
War, who was paid an annual salary, rather
than require our charities to be distributed by
people that received no salaries or compensa-
tion from the Government. They could not
live on air, nor did they expect to do so. I
thought, and the House of Representatives
thought, it was best not to put money in their
hands, but to place it in the hands of the Sec-
retary of War. We did so. The Secretary
of War designated an assistant commissary of
subsistence, a young gentleman who formerly
resided in Chicago, Illinois, to take charge
ot the matter, on my recommendation. He
belonged in the Army, was a lieutenant in the
Anriy, an honorable, high-minded gentleman.
He has distributed these charities ever since,
until they ceased a short time ago, and the
reason why the amount necessary to be appro-
priated has diminished is because that money
was placed in the hands of the Secretary of
/J**! anc* because it has been thus distributed.
Ihis commissary established a rule: he went
around and examined into the situation of
these people. He did not allow a man to
receive bread and meat who was able to work
on the streets; he turned him off, and gave
to poor people that were not able to work but
were in a condition to receive charities at the
hands of the public. White persons and col-
ored persons were sent away from the city of
Washington when they said they eoald not <*et
labor to perform, could not be emploved in
this city. He gave them tickets on the rail-
roads and sent them to other places where
they could be employed, and in that way the
numbers requiring aid were diminished in this
city.
1 had occasion several times to converse with '
this commissary and to ask him to explain to !
me how it was that he distributed these chari- ;
tses, and he did it. He distributed them in \
tne same way as rations are issued in the Army.
He gave to each one the kind of food he thought
they ought to have, to children and old peo-
ple; issued it in the same way as he would
issue rations to soldiers, and gave them that
which was demanded and that which was bene-
ficial to them. In that way the amount of
money that was appropriated then, which was
said- at the time by Senators and by Repre-
sentatives and by these charitable societies to
be not one half the amount that was neces-
sary, proved to be ample; it proved to be suf-
ficient 011 account of thfe manner in which it
was distributed, and the people have been fed
and clothed, and well fed and clothed, up to
this very hour.
These facts are facts that had- as well be
known. I opposed then, on principle, the
giving of charity by atft of Congress to the
people here; and yet when they appealed and
said that suffering humanity demanded this, I
was willing then, if it could be placed in proper
hands, to let it go. To a certain extent I agree
with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,]
not on account of the col6r of the beneficiaries,
not because these people are black or because
they are white, but I do say that you have no
right to tax the people of the United States of
America in order to_ distribute charity to the
people of the District of Columbia any more
than they ought to be taxed to distribute charity
to the poor people in the city of Chicago.
If some of the wealthy people of the District
of Columbia had invested their $60,000 that
was expended a few days ago in order to inau-
gurate an old popish ceremony and dress peo-
ple in K.u Klux garb, to tramp up and down
the city to affright children and old women,
perhaps you would not have had this appeal
to-day for charities to be distributed to the
poor people of this city. If they could expend
$60,000 for the purpose of amusing those that
desired to laugh, for the purpose of parading
themselves up and down Pennsylvania avenue
in order to notify the world that they have a
Nicolsou pavement, can they not take care
of their own poor? In my country we have
miles of such pavement, and we do not have
to dress people in masks in order to notify the
world that we have a smooth riding-road.
My friend, the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] is a strictly temperance man,
and I admire him for it. Let me tell him that
a gentleman who deals the poisonous liquor
over his counter every day told me, not a week
ago, what he made during the exercises here
on the avenue, to the delight of the people, of
Senators, Presidents, and everybody else. He
said, in his broken English, " It was a good
ting for me ; I puts $2,400 in my pocket out
of dat.'! If that $2,400 that was spent for
whisky had been distributed among these poor
people, I presume it would have been a good
deal better for them.
What I have said, sir, is not ia opposition to
the appropriation of this amount; I make no
opposition to it; but it is by way of suggestion
to the Senator from Massachusetts that he
cuange his amendment and let this money go
into the hands ot the Secretary of War, to be
disbursed and distributed as money has been
heretofore, lhere has been no complaint
since that change was made and the money
was placed in his hands for that purpose. It
has been disbursed properly ; it has been dis-
tributed honestly; the people who deserve to
be fed have been fed ; those who sought em-
ployment^ and could not get it here have
obtained it by receiving a ticket to pass them
on the railways to some place in the country
where they could obtain employment. Let the
same rule guide us again, and let this appro-
priation be applied in the same manner, and
twelve months from to-day—mark my word
for it the charities that are asked at your
hands will be much diminished. When you
put them in the hands of a disbuising officer
ot the Government you will not be begged
every day for•chanties for the people.
lur. SL JINfjR. JXr. President, I am very
toiaa taat the Senator from Illinois [J>Jr. Louan]
does not set his face absolutely against this
appropriation. Indeed, if I understood him,
he welcomed it. It certainly will not have his
opposition. The only question that he raises
is with regard to the agency through which
this shall be employed, who shall be the
almoner .of Congress. That is the question,
as I understand it, which the Senator has so
eloquently presented. Sir, that question was
considered carefully by_ the committee, and
after communication with the Secretary of
War, who, when his attention was called to it,
especially requested that he should not be bur-
dened with this service. It was in obedience
to his will that the committee made the recom-
mendation that they have made. After con-
sidering carefully the character of the associa-
tion that is created almoner for the occasion,
knowing the agent it was in the habit of em-
ploying, the committee thought they could not
err, especially when they considered that the
sum was materially reduced from the $30,000
of last year, being only $12,000.
Now, I hope that there will be no question
as to the amount and no question as to ths
agency. The amount is not so large as per-
haps to justify a reference to the Secretary of
War, when he has especially requested that it
shall not be referred to him.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
a word ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. The Secretary of War last
year, when this appropriation was placed in his
hands, made the same request. ITe requested
that he should not be made the officer to dis-
burse charity, and said so to me. I went_ to
see him at the time the discussion was going
on in the committee of conference. He made
the same request thea; but I insisted on it in
the committee of conference, and it was agreed
to; and I found, as I said, that it worked well.
There are plenty of young officers here that it
is an easy matter to detail without troubling
the Secretary of War at all. He can do that
now, just as he did last year, when he detailed
the commissary whom 1 mentioned, who dis-
bursed the fund so properly.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says the Sec-
retary objected last year when he had no e,"£
perience of the question. Now, this year',
after his experience of the question, he does
object. He has addressed me a letter on the
subject, specially asking that he should be
cxcused from this service. Under the circum-
stances the committee did not think it expe-
dient to impose it on him against his will. Had
the sum been larger, had it been the $30,000
of last year, I confess that for one I might
have hesitated, I might have said that so large
a sum should be disbursed only by a known
servant of the Government 1 bat, considering
the smallness ofthe sum in question, the com-
mittee thought that they could not err if they
selected a well-known charitable association
of the District, in the habit of dealing \"itu
this very class of people. I hope, therefore,
that my friend will not press his opposition-
bat that he will allow this amendment to be
adopted in its present form.
Mr. LOGAN. I will make this suggestion,
because I must say that I took a great deal of
pains to examine into this question before: if
the Secretary of War is desirous of getting
rid of the trouble it is very easy to amend this
amendment so that the Secretary of War will
have nothing to do with the matter, but pro
vide that such officer as shall be named by th s
Secretary of War shall have the disbursement
and be responsible for it; and then the Secro
tary will be entirely relieved from any respons
ibility whatever except the naming of the-
officer.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask my friend, why-
amend it at all; why not leave it as it conu-;,
from the committee—at least, as there is no
large sum in question?
Mr. LOGAN, I will answer the Senator.
The reason, why I do not desire to leave it
