1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
that way is because the experiment to which I
refer has been made and proved to be a good
one. The experiment of disbursing our char-
ity heretofore through these charitable socie-
ties was made; the experiment of disbursing
it through the Secretary of War has been made,
and it lias proved the best mode; and having
the two experiments before us, and the latter
one having proved the best, I deem it proper
to continue that mode of the distribution of
charities while we do distribute charities by
act of Congress. I hope the Senator will allow
that amendment to be made without interfer-
ing with the Secretary of War, but let him
merely name the officer. He certainly will
name a good one. I know he did last year,
one who was perfectly satisfactory to every-
body.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Vickers] to the amendment re-
ported by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner] from the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment to
the amendment be stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the word
"aged," in the first and second sections of
the amendment, it is proposed to insert the
word " white ;" so as to read, "relief of des-
titute aged white and colored persons."
Mr. COLE. It would be a better amend-
ment to strike out the word "colored."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That can be
done afterward. The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. COLE. I now move to strike out both
words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. So as to read
" aged people."
Mr. COLE. That will meet the point.
Mr. VICKERS. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the suggestion
of "the Senator from Illinois will be adopted;
and if ho does not wish to make the motion, I
will make it.
Mr. VICKERS. I have it here in writing,
and was about to offer it.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. I yield to
my friend from Maryland.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to strike out that
portion of the amendment which relates to the
distribution, and to insert this, which is copied
from the act of last year:
Under tlie direction of the Secretary of War i'nd
upon the recommendation ot the Washington 4"s,°~
elation for the Improvement ot tho Condition ot the
Poor, or the Kation.il Frcodmen'a Relief Associa-
tion, or the Industrial Home School; and thai, a,
report of the distribution be made to Congre,«3 at
its next session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from Maryland that ho insert the
idea of the Senator from Illinois, by using the
words "to be distributed by such. officer as
shall be designated by the Secretary of W ar."
Mr. VICKERS. I accept that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. THURMAN. r wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland is the pre-
cise provision we adopted in the bill of last
vear.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. He has, how-
ever, modified it, as the Chair understands.
Mr. THURMAN. But substantially it, is
the same.
Mr. TIPTON. Inasmuch as the Secretary
of War seems to desire that this duty shall not
be devolved upon Mm again, would it be in
order to move to amend by inserting "the
Secretary of State ?''
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That cannot
be done. This is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Maryland, as modified,
will be read.
Tho Chief Clerk. If amended the amend-
ment will read:
That there be appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $12,000,
for the relief of destitute ased persons in tho Dis-
trict of Columbia; such sum to be received and
distributed by such officer as shall be designated by
the Secretary of War; and that a report of the dis-
tribution be made to Co Bress at its next session.
Mr. COLE. I suggest "such person or asso-
ciation."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
accept the suggestion, "such officer or asso-
ciation ?"
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall regret the adoption
of that amendment. It certainly changes the
proposition which was repoited by the com-
mittee after careful consideration of tho ques-
tion. It changes it entirely. I shall not dis-
guise from the Senate that the committee had
in view a charily toward the unfortunate col-
ored people in this District. They thought
that they deserved it. They thought it. was
our duty to render that charity, and the prop-
osition had them particularly in view. Now,
in the first place, by the amendment already
adopted the object is broadened so as to include
everybody. Then tliecommittee, in designating
the Freedmeu's Association as the agent ot
this bounty, had also in view an agent par-
ticularly acquainted with the needs of these
aged colored people.
All that fails if you adopt the amendment
that is proposed ; so that, should the proposi-
tion eventually pass, it will have gone through
a metamorphosis in this Chamber, making it
something very different, from that which was
reported by the committee. However, even
then it will be a charity, and I always welcome
a charity in any form that it may assume. But
I hope that the Senate will not adopt the pro-
posed amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I am certain that Sen-
ators are not familiar with the fact that this
relief association that was designated in the
amendment moved by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has been devoting itself to this
charity and collecting, to a great extent, its
own funds; and its officers have not only
peculiar accessibility to this class of persons,
but they have been so long associated with
them that they are not likely to be imposed
upon. This small charity should be distrib-
uted in that way if you intend to reach this
particular class that liava been provided for
to a great extent by voluntary contributions.
I have contributed myself, as I suppose others
have, and I have looked after it; I have looked
to see where it went, and I have interested
myself, and am satisfied that if this charity
can be administered in this way it will reach
the class designed to be relioved. 1 do not
believe anything we can do will tell so much
for relief in this particular way as to let it be
administered through this instrumentality. I
am opposed to this amendment to the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland to the amendment reported by t.'ue
Committee o:i the District of Columbia.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes
25, noes 16.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer an
amendment to this bill, to come in as an addi-
tional section, which I send to the Chair.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sf.c.—. That so much of the proviso in tho act
making appropriations to supply deficiencies, &c..
approved April 20,1870, as liraiis the connection of
tho marine hospital building a.t Chicago, Illinois, to
a sum not exceeding 8300,000, is hereby repealed;
but it shall be lawfui for the proper authorities to
expend the money already appropriated for continu-
ing the work upon said building: Provided, 'flint
no part thereof shall be expended until plans and
specifications shall have been completed that "will
limit the costof said building to a sum.including all
moneys already expended, not exceeding $359,779 34.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is no additional
appropriation. It is to remove a limit which
prevents the building being finished. Itcomes
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. I can explain it if anybody wishes
to have it explained.
Mr. COLE. I was going to ask if it had the
approval of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds. If not, I should feel like oppos-
ing it on the ground that it is in the nature of
legislation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has the approval of
that committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vetmont. I am directed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to propose the following amendment:
Sec. —. That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
authorized to sell, for tho best price in cash that
can be obtained, tho marine hospital building in the
city of San Francisco; and tho proceeds ofsach sale,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, shall be
held and reserved as a fund for the erection of a
pavilion hospital on some Government reservation
in or near said city, if Congress shall hereafter so
determine.
If any explanation is needed I will give it;
if not, 1 will not.
Mr. POMEROY. What does it mean ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say that
the building has not been used for above ten
years. It cost about two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, and is in a state of rapid
decay, and it requires the attention of a watch-
man constantly. While the committee do not
feel authorized to make a proposal for the
expenditure at the present time of moneys for
a pavilion hospital, at some time or other such
a one will be necessary; and it was thought
fair to reserve the fund for that purpose until
it should be determined by Congress whether
they would allow the money to be so used
or not.
Mr. COltBETT. What is the difference
bet,ween the hospital now to be erected from
this fund and the present hospital?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We make no
provision for erecting any. Whenever there
is any it will be one of a cheap character.
Mr. COltBETT. This embraces, of course,
a new appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. The_ Sen-
ator does not understand it. This building is
not used at all; it is going to ruin.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is merely
to offer it at sale.
Mr. CORBETT. Is not the preseut build-
ing used at all?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not at all,
and has not been for ten years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
amendment, to come in on page 4, at the end
of line thirty-four of section three:
To enable tho President to enrry out tho provisions
of the act of March 3,1871, authorizing him to in'Q-
pcribe rules and regulations for tho admission of
persons into tho civil service, &c.  $10,000.
This is to enable the President to carry out
the provision inserted in one of the appro-
priation bills at the iast session m regard to
the admission of persons into the eivii service.
A small appropriation is required.
Mr. COLE. I must raise the point of order
upon that. I think it is not proper anyway,
and I think it ought not to pass on any bill
