1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
thousand dollars does not show the amount of
duties which the consumers of salt have to pay.
It is only the amount that goes into the Treas-
ury. The amount this duty costs the con-
sumer can only be ascertained by finding the
amount of home manufacture consumed in a
year. This is a little more than five times the
amount of the foreign manufacture consumed
annually. So that while $1,200,000 go into
the Treasury of the Government, more than
six million dollars go to enrich a few salt
monopolists and speculators at Onondaga. It
is an article not only in large demand among
the fishermen of New England, the pork-pack-
ers of the West, and the ship-builders of the
country in preserving the timbers from decay
and worms, but every family in the land, rich
and poor, must have it.
Being of such universal demand, the poor
man requiring as much as the rich, the poor
man must pay as much as the rich toward the
support of the Government, a principle which
violates the fundamental law of taxation, which
is, that the burden of taxation should be appor-
tioned according to the means of the tax-payer,
and not according to his wants and necessities.
I would therefore make it as free as the air,
■ and as common as its principle is widespread
in nature; not that I am in favor of placing
all imports on the free lists, for that cannot be
done. While we have a large national debt,
the interest of which in coin amounts to more
than §113,000,000, and an expensive and
extravagant Administration, we must have a
tariff-revenue. But I would not look upon it
as a thing to be admired, but as an unmiti-
gated evil. And when we come to consider
such a law, I shall contend for such an adjust-
ment of import duties as will carry the whole
amount into the Government Treasury ; or if
laid upon any article of domestic manufacture
or production, they shall be imposed only on
articles of luxuries, and not on those of prime
importance.
I deem it unnecessary at this time to go
into the great questions of political economy
underlying this bill. I will not now contend
for what has been so well demonstrated by the
greatest political economist and statistician
living, Alexander Delmar, late director of the
Bureau of Statistics, that protection, falsely so
called, does not protect. By a careful induc-
tion of facts, and a patient and laborious in-
vestigation and comparison of our import
table, running through several years, (which
results, I am sorry to say, so great a man as
Mr. Wells is appropriating without making
any acknowledgment to the real author.) Mr.
Delmar has established, by a logic that is
unanswerable, that these protectionists are
continually defeating the object they have in
view, and that avarice, like " vaulting ambi-
tion, o'erleaps itself" and defeats its own pur-
pose.
Protection of Life, etc., at the South.
SPEECH OP HON. JOHN SCOTT,
OP pennsylvania,
In the Senate of the United States,
March 22 and 23, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the fol-
lowing resolution submitted by Mr. Sherman:
licHolved, That as organized bands of lawless and
desperate men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oaths andsecret obligations, are pi oven
to exist m the State of North Carolina, and have, by
force, terror, and violence, defied civil authority in
that btate, and by organized perjury have rendered
the courts powerless to punish the crimes they have
I'/iinniitied, thus overthrowing the safety of person
arid property, and the rights which aie the piimary
basis of civil government, and which are guarantied
by the Constitution of the Umted States to ati irs
citizens ; and at, there is good reason to believe that
giuiilar organizations exist and have produced sim-
ilar results in many parts of tho late insurrection-
ary States; therefore, the Judiciary Committee is
instructed to report a bill or bills to enable the Pres-
ident and the courts of the United States to execute
the laws, punish and prevent such organized vio-
lence, and secure to all citizens the rights so guaran-
tied to them—
Mr. SCOTT said:
Mr. President: This resolution presents
several questions; first, do these bands of law-
less men exist; second, have they defied civil
authority and overthrown the rights of person
and of property; and, third, should there be
legislation to preserve and protect such rights,
and to punish and prevent such crimes?
These questions have, to some extent, lately
been the subject of inquiry as to the State
of North Carolina. A report has been made
from the select committee of the Senate, and
the views of the minority of that committee
have also been submitted to'the Senate and to
the country.
It was my intention, Mr. President, to per-
mit those reports and the testimony which
accompanied them to go forth to the country
and not to say one additional word upon that
subject ; I preferred to let those reports and
the testimony accompanying them be the sub-
ject of discussion by other Senators; and I
would have adhered to that intention had it
not been for the very long, elaborate, and
able speech of one of my colleagues on the
committee, the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard.] That speech has imposed upon me,
as a member of that committee, the duty, not
so much of replying to the speech, as of taking
up the general subject that is involved in these
reports.
I desire to call attention, in the first place,
to the fact that party feeling was necessarily
involved in the investigation ordered by the
resolution under which that committee was
appointed. I may further be permitted to say
that if I had consuted my own feelings, I never
would have been the chairman or a member
of the committee. The action of this body,
of its Presiding Officer, and the counsel of
friends upon the floor, whose opinions I could
not disregard, imposed upon me the duty of
acting as the chairman of that committee. If
I know my own heart, in unwillingly accept-
ing that position it was my desire thoroughly
and impartially to investigate the questions
that were presented, and I entered upon the
discharge of the duty with a determination so
to do.
I am somewhat accustomed to the censure
that is likely to be visited upon any one who
undertakes to investigate a question of this
character, involving party feeling ; and I en-
tered upon that duty expecting to meet the
criticisms which would naturally follow if there
should be a report implicating a political party.
I entered upon it, not claiming any exemption
from the common infirmities of men, and not
expecting to escape partisan criticism, even
if I did not deserve it. While I concede to my
colleagues of the minority upon that commit-
tee the same desire to impartially investigate
and report, I must now exercise the same priv-
ilege of criticising the conclusions at which
they have arrived. I do it, sir, not for the pur-
pose of stirring up partisan feeling, not for
the purpose of increasing any excitement that
may exist at the South, but for the purpose,
if possible, of ascertaining the actual evil
existing and its causes, so that we may be
aided in judging what is its true remedy. Feel-
ing thus, I take up the report of the minority
of the committee, and call the attention of the
j Senate to its temper. I first read from page
3, where, after complaining that the inquiry is
unwarranted, the assertion is made that "this
investigation is an attack on North Carolina
and upon her fidelity to the Union and its
laws." I must deny that assertion; there is
no attack made upon the State of North Car-
olina.
The inquiry directed is, whether outrages
exist in the southern States; whether person
and property are secure in those States ; and
the fact that the committee saw proper first to
commence its investigations with North Caro-
lina, the State which lies nearest the capital,
in which disturbances were alleged toexist, can-
not be construed into an attack upon the fidel-
ity of that State to the Union or to the laws.
It is an inquiry, not as to whether the State
is faithful to the Union, but as to whether law-
less bands of its citizens have disregarded the
obligations that are due to humanity, and vio-
lated the right of citizens of the United States.
I come next to consider the charge which is
made against the Senate of the United States
for entering into this inquiry. What is it?
The minority say:
"But allthis is manifestly the result of a plan 'cut
and dried' by a conspiracy formed of disappointed
politicians who have lost the confidence of their peo-
ple, and have been cast out of office by the almost
unanimous voice of a betrayed and injured constit-
uency."
Stating, then, that Governor Holden is the
head of this conspiracy, they go on to say :
" The voice of the people of North Carolina at the
last elections declared their opposition to him and
his party, and his last and desperate resort is to in-
flame the party passions of Congress, and induce an
exercise ot unlawful power in his behalf. In further-
ance of this scheme the present measure was insti-
tuted and this committee raised."
Thus the charge is made that Governor Hol-
den, as the head of a conspiracy, seeks per-
petuation of his power against the wishes of.
the people, and that the Senate lends itself to
this scheme by instituting this inquiry. Then
follows an attack upon a number of the wit-
nesses who have been called, speaking of one
of them as " corrupt," two of them as " per-
jured;" and then, that I may show clearly
the animus of this minority report, I call at-
tention to what I believe will have to find its
parallel only in some of the inferior courts of
the country, and not in any deliberate docu-
ment heretofore penned and submitted to the
Senate of the United States. There was a
man called before that committee named W.
R. Albright. He is a determined man ; a man
who by his physiognomy and his manner would
impress anyone who listened to his testimony
with the idea that it was dangerous to come
in contact with him when he knew he was
right and you combated the right. He had
the misfortune to be crossed in love, and as
a consequence he was two months in a lunatic
asylum. He had another misfortune: that
when he came into the world there was a red
mark on his forehead, a birth-mark. Now,
Mr. President, will it be believed that that
man, elected mayor of the town in which he
lives, the witnesses testifying to the fact that he
is a respectable man, is held up as unworthy of
belief because he was in a lunatic asylum, and
that the infirmity stamped upon him by nature
is dragged before the country and he is spoken
of as the "red-eyed" Albright? I advert to
this for the purpose of showing that there ha3
'been a temper in writing this report that can
hardly be styled a judicial temper.
The next witness who is spoken of is a mau
named Boyd, and they say we rely upon him
to prove the condition of society in North
Carolina. Not at all. Upon page 8 of the
minority report that statement is made, but
by turning to the report of the majority it will
be found that Mr. Boyd is referred to for the
purpose of proving the character, the designs,
and the mode of operations of the Ku KUfx
organization. But I pass that over for the
present. I shall have something to say on
that subject before I get through.
Then follows a general charge on page 8
against all the witnesses who have been called.
They say this:
" Then follow three or four editorsof ltadical news-
papers, and with them State officers, judges, solicit-
ors, sherifls, and constables, all apprehensive of
