"28
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
42d Cons 1st Sess.
the constitutional convention which shall deprive
them of their salaried offices or party spoils, each
man speaking more or less vehemently in his own
immediate interest, but not one testifying facts,
within his own knowledge, tending to prove North
Carolina to be le->s safe as a place of residence than
any portion of the Union lying north of her bound-
aries."
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him for one moment?
Mr. SCOTT. For a question, not for a
speech.
Mr. BLAIR. Not for a question, but for an
explanation. I was occupied at the moment
the Senator was making his comments as to
Albright, and I did not hear what he said. A
gentleman was speaking to me at the time. I
believe he spoke of the minority report calling
one of the Albrights " red-eyed Bill Albright."
The witness told that himself, in order to dis-
tinguish himself from another Albright of the
same name. He speaks of himself as "red-eyed
Bill Albright." That is his own designation.
Mr. SCOTT. I will read the paragraph, so
that there shall be no mistake about it:
"Ho was arrested by Kirk, under Holden's orders,
and by him and Holden threatened with trial by mil-
itary commission, with Albright (the 'red-eyed')
prosident, and Bergen judge advocate."
It was not to designate Albright at all; but
they are speaking of another man who was to
be arrested and brought before a court-mar
tial, of which Albright, the ''red eyed," was to
be president.
Mr. BAYARD. I suppose the honorable
Senatorean scarcely object to the witness being
designated by his own chosen appellation. He
has called himself so in his testimony. If the
Senator desires to see the precise place I can
find it for him in an instant.
Mr. SCOTT. I understand all about him.
Calling attention to this seems to render both
of my associates on the committee somewhat
sensitive. I did not suppose it was likely to
do so. I will turn to what they have said
about this man, as I wish to get at the animus
of this minority report.
Mr. BAYARD. On what page?
Mr. SCOTT. I will give you the benefit of
the whole of it. On page G there is a state-
ment about Albright. It was not necessary on
page 8 to designate him as "red-eyed," for on
page G of their report the minority say:
"Following Kirk, Bergen, and Iloldon, jr., wo
have William It. Albright, commissioned a brigadier
general by Uolden, 'a vindictive, violent, unscru-
pulous man,' asbc is termed by his neighbors, whose
excitability of temperament is proven no less by his
own testimony than the fact of his being the inmate
of a lunatic asylum during a large portion ot the
time embraced lu the inquiry of the committee."
Surely this was designation marked enough.
The minority say hewasin the lunatic asy-
lum "dining a large portion of the time cm-
braced in the inquiry of the committee."
That time is more than two years, and if the
Senator wishes the reference, I will give him
the page of the testimony wheie the witness
who said that Albright was in the lunatic asylum
said he was there for two months, and gave the
cause of his being there. I do not wish now,
in the outset of this discussion, to go into an
examination of the witnesses. I will not be
diverted to that, and I do not wish to be inter-
rupted further than courtesy requires that I
should be. I am trying to show the animus of
this report, which starts out with quoting two
misfortunes visited upon one of the witnesses
called, which he could not avoid, for the pur-
pose of bringing him into obloquy and ridicule
before the nation.
Now, sir, let me proceed with this subject.
After the remarks charging Boyd with bribery
and corruption, and the general charge against
editors, &c., the report proceeds :
_ "We were not aware of the intention of the major-
ity of the committee to make a report until the
meeting of the committee on Wednesday morning,
when it was read for the first time and adopted; and
many witnesses then in attendance were discharged.
It is a matter of serious surprise and regret that the
majority of the committee, upon the testimony of
witnessesdestituteof character, and against the evi-
dence of men of the highest reputation in the State
of North Carolina, have come to the conclusion that
it is necessary for Congress to intervene to prevent
anarchy in that State."
I deem it my duty here to call attention, as
this is a matter of complaint against the com-
mittee, and may be considered a matter of
complaint against me, to facts which my col-
leagues on the committee will hardly dispute.
As to the statement that they were surprised
that the report should be submitted on Wed-
nesday morning, the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] was not present; but the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Blaih] was when on
Tuesday morning, the first meeting of the com-
mittee after the adjournment on Saturday, the
notice was given that the report would bo sub-
mitted on Wednesday morning.
Mr. BLAIR. That is not according to my
recollection. I have no doubt, as the Senator
from Pennsylvania says so, that he made the
statement; but I have no recollection of it
whatever. All I recollect about it is that the
Senator spoke of the authority to report at any
time ; but I had no notice to put me on my
guard at all.
Mr. SCOTT. I have a very distinct recol-
lection, but I do not wish to raise a question
of veracity here, that on Tuesday morning,
as the House had passed a resolution fixing
Wednesday foradjournment, and we hadnotice
of that on Saturday, at the very first meeting
I stated that, as the existence of the committee
terminated with this session of Congress, I
would submit a report on the next morning.
I had commenced the report as soon as that
adjournment resolution passed. That, how-
ever, is a small matter.
In another part of the report, and I wish to
take notice of it now, a complaint is made,
that as the witnesses were then dismissed there
was no opportunity given to meet the charges
that were made against the people of North
Carolina. I was somewhat surprised at this,
for in my effort to do what I thought was fair
in the investigations of this committee I stated
to the gentlemen of the minority that the wit-
nesses whom they deemed to be important
should be designated by themselves, and that
to the extent of my power as chairman they
should be brought here. I have here, and I
have only looked at it since there seems to
have been complaint made on the subject in
the Senate, the list of witnesses furnished to
me by the minority of the committee; a list
of twenty-one, with one additional name fur-
nished by the Senator from Missouri, every
one of whom was subpenaed. Of the twenty-
two, sixteen have been examined. One I
know did not report. As to four of the others
I do not know whether they ever reported or
not.
In addition to that, as this charge has been
made, I have taken the trouble of looking at
the testimony, and I find that taking the wit-
nesses who were subpenaed upon the part of
the minority, they cover one hundred and sixty-
five pages of testimony out of four hundred and
twenty-three, and throwing out the members
of the Ku Klux Klan, the witnesses who were
subpenaed on the other side cover the same
number of pages, one hundred and sixty five.
The balance is taken up by the six members
of the Ku Klux Klan.
Mr. THURMAN. How many by common
informers?
Mr. SCOTT. Ah! I will come to the " com-
mon informers" directly. It would have been
well for this country if there had been men
whose consciences had goaded them to become
common informers before they stained the soil
of North Carolina with blood as they have
done. It is only another evidence of the spirit
that is manifested toward the exposure of this
organization when men who do become inform-
ers are to be hunted down at home and pur-
sued when they come to give their testimony
in obedience to the mandates of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR. And sent to Pernambuco.
Mr. SCOTT. I know of no member of the Ku
Klux Klan who has been sent to Pernambuco.
The statement is then made that there is no
testimony to show that North Carolina is less
secure as a place of residence than any State
north of North Carolina. Now, sir, I state
the fact, and it is important that I should do
so, that with the exception of the crimes that
are shown to have been committed by the
members of the Ku Klux Klaa there is no
difference of opinion between the minority and
the majority reports on that subject. So far
as we have been able to examine the State
of North Carolina we find, and we have so
expressly stated in the report, that as to all
other offenses than those committed by theKu
Klux Klan life and property are as secure in
North Carolina as they are in Pennsylvania
and Massachusetts. I do not intend that the
issue shall be widened here for the purpose of
enabling any one to claim sympathy for North
Carolina for an attack upon her institutions.
The question is as to the existence, the oper-
ations, and the impunity of the Ku Klux Klan
in North Carolina. Otherwise we agree. I
agree that in North Carolina life and property
are as secure as in any other State except when
they are threatened and destroyed by the mem-
bers of this Klan, and that when others do
commit crimes against the laws they can be
punished as effectually there as iji other States.
I must notice here a remarkable statement
made by my friend from Delaware. 1 was as-
tonished that a gentleman usually so acute as
he is, and so logical, should in one part of his
argument have said to the Senate that the
imbecility, the inefficiency, and the corruption
of Governor Holden's administration was so
great in all its departments, including the judi-
ciary, that there was no protection for life and
property, and people had to resort to violence
for the purpose of redressing their wrongs,
and then, in his argument and in his report,
saying to the country that life and property
were as secure there as they were in any part
of the United States. When the assault was
made on the administration of Governor Hol-
den, then there was no protection for life and
property in that State ; but when it was neces-
sary to screen the Ku Klux, then life and
property could be protected in the courts
there as well as any place else. That will be
something for some of the Senator's colleagues
to reconcile when they follow him.
I repeat, the report of the majority does find
that in that State, with this exception, life and
property are secure, and instead of asserting
any unwarranted conclusion, we submit to the
country upon the testimony reported whether
they are secure or not as against the offenses
of the Ku Klux Klan. There I intended to
submit it, had it not been that I am compelled
by my position on this committee not to repeat
the report, but to bring out more clearly, if I
can, the operations and the existence of this
nefarious order.
I need not go on to show that these disor-
ders do exist. The Senators of the minority
agree that disorders have existed in North
Carolina, and they have assigned three causes
for them, with all of which I intend to deal
before I close my remarks. What are those
causes? First, on pages 8 and 9 of the minority
report they charge that the " unconstitutional
legislation of Congress" is the cause of these
disorders. I do not wish to misrepresent them,
and I read their words :
"The undersigned believe that all the disorders
which exist in that State were created by the unjust-
ifiable and unconstitutional legislation of Congress
ill regard to its government."
I wish that borne in mind. Second, the alle-
