266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
The President has authority to prescribe such
rules and regulations as he pleases, and I do
not, think it needs any money to carry out that
piovision. I do not think we ought, to estab-
lish a new board or a new investigating author-
ity or series of authorities for any such pur-
pose. I do not suppose the public service will
be .benefited by it in any respect. I think the
Government is exceedingly anxious now in
regard to the character and qualification of its
employes. In the Departments here, so far as I
am aware, it is exceedingly anxious, and I know
that the Government, in all its ramifications,
is very anxious and circumspect in regard to
the character and fitness of its agents. The
civil service reform that was authorized at the
last session of Congress, of course commend-
able, authorizing any further steps to be taken
that may be necessary in the way of establish-
ing rules, is well enough ; but I do not think
it is well to call upon the Government to make
an expenditure of money, even to the amount
of $10,000, for carrying out any such purpose
as that contemplated in the amendment made
to the bill of the last session. I hope it will
not be voted upon this bill; but I ask that the
question of order be first determined.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There cannot be any
question of order, I think, about it. It is to
carry out a provision of law, and I offer the
amendment by the authority of the Judiciary
Committee. The law provides that—
" For this purpose the President is authorized to
employ suitable persons to conduct said inquiries, to
prescribe their duties, and to establish regulations
for the conduct of persons who may receive appoint-
ments in the civil service."
We all know that this provision is intended
to authorize the President to adopt some regu-
lations in regard to the admission of persons
into the civil service. I hope a great deal of
good will arise from it. I have had some con-
versation with some of the heads of the Depart-
ments, and they thought it might be advisable
in organizing these boards to have some out-
sider, and not to have the boards entirely
composed of persons in the Departments. In
that event it will be necessary to have a small
appropriation. The amount proposed is not
large, and I am sure the President will not
use it improperly. It is necessary in order to
enable him to carry into effect what I regard
as a very important provision. Certainly there
cannot be any point of order upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California insists on the point of order,
the Chair must rule that the amendment is in
order. It is to carry out the provisions of an
existing law. How provisions of existing law
shall be carried out is a matter for the discre-
tion of the Senate. •
Mr. CONKLING. I supposed the question
was, whether it was in order under the pres-
ent rule to add so much to the deficiency bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that if the Congress of the United States have
ordered the President of the United States to
do a particular thing, and have appropriated no
money, and money shall be required, that is
certainly a deficiency.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
California will not raise a question of order
upon this amendment.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is in order and also within the rules of the
Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Whether the amend-
ment which was carried on the motion of the
Senator from Illinois to the appropriation bill
at the last session was proper or not, it is the
law of the land now, and the President cannot
carry it out without an appropriation. I do
not think it is well to raise a question as to
the propriety of the law.
Mr. CONKLING. Why is it that the Pres-
ident cannot carry it out without an appropri-
ation? I do not understand that.
Mr. ANTHONY. He cannot carry it out
properly in the spirit in which the law was en-
acted. The heads of the Departments think
it is necessary, in order to carry out that law,
and properly to carry out the intention of Con-
gress, that there should be an appropriation, a
very small appropriation. I hope there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. CONKLING. To carry out what law ?
Mr. ANTHONY. The law appointing a
board to decide upon what should be the qual-
ifications of persons who may apply for ap-
pointment to office.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there such a law,
appointing a board ?
Mr. ANTHONY. There is such a law.
Mr. COLE. I beg the Senator's pardon. .
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a law author-
izing a board to be appointed.
Mr. COLE. Not authorizing any board.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume it is not sup-
posed by anybody that the President of the
United States is going to examine himself every
applicant for office. The Senator from Illinois
hands me the law itself, and I will read it:
"And for this purpose the President is authorized
to employ suitable persons to conduct said inquiries,
to prescribe their duties, and to establish regulations
for the conduct of persons who may receive appoint-
ments in the civil service."
If he is authorized to appoint persons, it
certainly involves the necessity of paying them
and the expenses attending their deliberations.
Mr. COLE. I had no expectation when
that amendment was passed to the miscella-
neous appropriation bill on the last night of
the late session that we were establishing a
court of inquiry to sit upon every person apply-
ing for a position in one of the Departments
here, or in auy post office or custom-house
throughout the land.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not say anything
of the kind. It authorizes the President to
establish such courts of inquiry, if the Senator
thinks proper to apply that term to them, as
he may see fit. Congress has enacted that
law. He is authorized to do it; but there is
no money to carry out the directions of Con-
gress.
Mr. COLE. It is under this law :
_ "That thoPresident be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to prescribe such rules and regulations for the
admission of persons into the civil service of the
United States as will best promote the efficiency
thereof."
Mr. ANTHONY. Go on.
Mr. COLE. The main object is to prescribe
rules and regulations, I suppose, to be carried
out in the several Departments of the Govern-
ment. The President can prescribe rules and
regulations, perhaps, through the head of one
of the Departments for the purpose of securing
the services of competent persons in the civil
service.
Mr. ANTHONY. We do not ask the ap-
propriation under that head. Read the rest
of it.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Rhode Island
read the last part of it. There is no reason
for my reading the last part as well as the first
part. He read the last part. I was only read*
ing the portion that the Senator from Rhode
Island neglected, to read. The object of the
law is to authorize the President to prescribe
rules andregulations by which proper service
in the various Departments of the Government
can be secured; but there was no expectation,
certainly in my mind, at the time, that the
Government would be called upon to make
an appropriation to carry out these rules and
regulations. This is an after-thought; it
is a second proposition, and entirely distinct
from the first.
Mr. TIPTON. I understand that there are
in the Departments now boards of examiners
appointed by the Secretaries for the purpose
of Examining clerks ; and I suppose applicants
for positions in the Treasury can be more effi-
ciently examined in the Treasury by a board
appointed of Treasury officers ; and as all the
places are now full and we can get no more
appointments made, it will not occupy much
time from any official to make the examinations
hereafter as they are required. In the Interior
Department you want a different class of ex-
amination from what you apply to a Treasury
clerk who is to become a book-keeper. That
requires a different examination from a place
in the Pension Office or the Land Office. I
have no doubt, therefore, that the President
has ample power to have these examinations
made by boards as constituted at the present
time, without establishing a board of officers
who will have little or nothing to do, unless
they go back and examine all the men now in
office as well as all the men who are yet to
come into office.
Mr. CORBETT. I cannot see the necessity
of an appropriation for this purpose. It seems
to me that in each of the several Departments
boards can be organized for the examination
of all persons applying for clerkships, and
they can best determine who are suitable and
who are competent to perform those duties.
The law of last session simply involves the
necessity of prescribing certain rules by which
they shall be governed. As I understand, that
was the intention of the law, and if we had
intended to appropriate money for this pur-
pose we would have done so in the bill in
which we made the enactment. It seems to
me that this amendment is totally unnecessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 24, noes 12.
Mr. SCHURZ. I offer the following amend-
ment to be added as an additional section:
I( Sec. —. That the provisions in the act entitled
as act making appropriations for fcundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes," for the erection of
a public building in the city of St. Louis, Missouri,
for the use of the custom-house and other civil offices
of the Government of the United States, shall be
extended and made available for and during the
yoar ending June 30,1872.
I will say that this does not involve any new
appropriation at all, but only continues an
appropriation made last year, and has the
indorsement of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. COLE. I do not see the chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds in his seat. I should like to know
whether this amendment has the recommend-
ation of that committee and has been exam-
ined by them.
Mr. SCHURZ. Not only that, butthe Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds also
reported a bill to this effect, and it is that bill
that I now move as an amendment.
Mr. COLE. Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I ask my friend from Missouri
if that is not a reappropriation. if the money
has not already passed into the Treasury?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, not yet. It will pass
into the Treasury at the end of this fiscal year.
This amendment merely proposes to continue
it now through the next fiscal year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I recollect in this case
that there was some difficulty in perfecting
title, or something of that sort.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the select
Committee on Alleged Outrages in the South-
ern States to offer the following amendment,
of which notice has been given :
*Eor «^pe™es of the joint select Committee on
Alleged Outrages m the Southern States, if such com-
mittee be appointed, the sum of S30.000, and any un-
expended balance ot the appropriation for the select
committee of the Senate on the same subject shall
pe carried to the above appropriation in addition
thereto, the same to be expended upon vouchers
ot the chairman of said joint committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following amend-
ment, as an additional section :
Sec. . That there be, and is hereby, appropriated
to pay expenses of the Legislative Assembly of
Wyoming Territory, convened A. D. 1870, and for
