1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2%7
printing journals of said Assembly, and for incidental
expenses of the office of secretary for the year 1870,
the sum of $4,250.
I calf the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to the letter of
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting esti-
mates of deficiencies in appropriations required
to complete the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1871. On the second page, under
the head of "Territorial Governments," will
be found the following:
Wyoming—Legislative expenses:
Printing the laws and journals, 1870 and 1871, (act
July 25, 1868, 15 Statutes-at-Large, p. 182, section
eleven) $3,000
Incidental expenses of Legislative Assembly,
and secretary's offico, as office rent, furni-
ture, repairs, stationery, postage, blank
books, lights, fuel, and printing, 1870  1,250
$4,250
which is the amount named in the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Indiana
if he has given any notice of that amend-
ment? I do not find it among those placed
in my hands.
Mr. PRATT. No, I have not given any
notice of it. It has just been handed tome
by a late judge of the Territory of Wyoming.
If there is any objection to it, I suppose it
must lie over.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it must lie over, be-
cause there are others in the same category.
I believe there are other deficiencies of a like
character. I do not think it would be well to
consider this unless the others are also con-
sidered. I remember that this morning some
person, I believe from Montana, spoke to me
in regard to some claim of the same kind.
But the point that I wish to make in the way
of argument is that we have not had time to
examine this, and I do not feel myself justified
in accepting a proposition of this kind unless
it has had the examination of some committee
and also the examination of the committee of
which I am a member.
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection in the
world 
The YICE PRESIDENT. The objection
being made that the amendment has not been
referred, under the thirtieth rule, one day in
advance to the Committee on Appropriations,
that prevents its being offered except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CRAG IN. An error was made by the
enrolling clerk in enrolling the naval appro-
priation bill at the last session, leaving out a
portion of the report of the committee of con-
ference. Mr. Dawes, late chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations of the House,
prepared a bill which passed the House to cor-
rect that error; and I now move that bill as an
amendment to this appropriation bill, it being
added as a new section:
gEC _ That to correct an error in the enrollment
of the act approved March 3,1871, making appro-
priations for the naval service lor the year ending
June 30, 1872, and lor other purposes, the same bo
amended as follows:
In section two strike out all of the section from
and including the woid " provided,' where it first
occurs, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
And the Secretary of the Navy is authorized to
invite, by public advertisement, plans and specifi-
cations for such dock, and to award to any person
not in the naval service, whose plans may be adopted
by the Navy Department, a sum not exceeding
§5,000. But no plan shall be adopted until it shall
iirst receive the sanction of a board of not less tuan
five experienced officers, to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy, a majority of whom shall be
constructors and engineers, and one of whom shall
be an experienced civil engineer; and it shall be
the duty of said board to consider all the plans and
specifications laid befoie it, whether the same were
prepared in the Navy Department or by parties com-
peting therewith, and the plans and specifications
that shall be adopted shall be opened to the inspec-
tion of all persons who desire to become bidders for
at least ninety days before the awarding of said
contract.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know upon
what information the Senator from New Hamp-
shire bases his statement that this was a mis-
take oil. the part of the enrolling clerk. I do
not remember myself that such was the case.
The naval appropriation bill was disposed of,
I believe, during the closing hours of the ses-
sion, and I find in the bill the proviso to which
allusion is made and which is intended to be
displaced by this substitute, a proposition cov-
ering the same subject-matter. 1 have looked
over the two propositions, and certainly, so far
as my judgment goes, the one that is found in
the bill is better than the one that was left out
by the enrolling clerk, if it was left out by
him; and if his judgment was exercised, I
think it was well exercised. Before the Senate
act upon this amendment I wish to have the
proviso in the bill read. I have it before me.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will reply to the Senator
from California 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California desires th# proposition now in the
law to be read.
Mr. COLE. I will call attention, first, to
some points of difference between them. The
mode proposed by my friend from New Hamp-
shire is to advertise for proposals and to pay
$5,000 for a plan, and so on. That is not a
part of the bill as it stands, and it seems to
me the same end can be reached better by the
bill as it now is. Of course I would not wish
to thwart the will of the Senate in any respect
by objecting to the correction of any mistake.
I only state that I do not remember with suffi-
cient distinctness that this was a mistake. I
was not on the conference committee that had
the naval bill in charge, and really did not
listen to the report of i.t, as I now remember,
at the time it was reported. I do not, how-
ever, question the correctness of the statement
made by the Senator from New Hampshire ;
but I ask him for the information that he has
on the subject.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state that the pro-
vision that the Senator from California alludes
to, now in the bill, was offered by me as on
amendment in the Senate, and adopted by the
Senate. I was a member of the committee of
conference, and the House conferees objected
to that amendment which had been adopted
by the Senate, and the committee of confer-
ence agreed to the provision as now offered by
me as an amendment, and it was so reported
to both Houses, and the report was adopted,
so that if this amendment is adopted, and
placed on this bill, it will conform exactly to
the action of both Houses of Congress at the
last session.
I should like to say further that there is
some difference between these two proposi-
tions. The amendment as 1 offered it in the
Senate to the naval appropriation bill during
the last session proposed that the Secretary
of the Navy should advertise for proposals
for plans of this floating-dock and bids at the
same time. The committee of conference saw
that there would be do competition in such
bidding as that; that the man who furnished
the plan would bid upon his own plan, and no
other party would have an opportunity to bid
upon that plan. Hence the committee ofcon-
fereuce thought it better for the Secretary to
advertise generally for plans for this floating-
dock, and then, when a board of experienced
officers, including a civil engineer out of the
naval service, taking the plans furnished by
the Navy Department, and also the plans fur-
nished by outside parties, had agreed upon
the plan, the advertisement should be made
at once, and all parties could bid, and it would
be open to full and free competition.
But, sir, it is not necessary to argue that
point; for this being simply an error of the
enrolling clerk, I think there can be no objec-
tion to the amendment; and I wish to say here
that it is really no fault of the enrolling clerks ;
for this bill was perfected in the very last hours
of the session, when not only the clerks, but
the members of the Senate, were so far ex-
hausted that they hardly knew what they were
doing. This identical bill never reached the
President for his signature until twenty minutes
before twelve o'clock on the 4th day of March.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California desire the provision in the
naval appropriation bill to be read?
Mr. COLE. I think it would be well to
T6£ld it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California first desires the proviso in the naval
appropriation bill to be read. The Secretary
will read it.
Mr. COLE. I will not insist upon it.
Mr. SPENCER. Let us have the amend-
ment read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I now ask that the proviso
which is proposed to be stricken out he read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from the
act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice, approved March 3, 1871:
"Provided, That if it be thought best by a board
consisting of chiefs of the Bureaus of Construction
and Repairs, Steam Engineering, and Yards and
Docks, that plans and specifications shall be invited
from responsible builders, engineers, and others
outside of the Navy Department, the Secretary
of the Navy may, by public advertisement, as pro-
vided in this section, advertise for such plans and
specifications to accompany bids for the construction
of tho dock according to the same; in which case the
Secretary of the Navy shall refer all such plans and
specifications and bids and the bids on the plans fur-
nished by theDepartment to a board of at least five
experienced officers, a majority of whom shall be
constructors and engineers, and one of whom may
be an experienced civilian engineer, who shall con-
sider and report which of all the bids is the lowest
for the purposes of this contract, taking into consid-
eration the plans and specifications on which they
are respectively made: Provided, however, That if
the contract shall bojiwarded upon plans and speci-
fications furnished by persons outside of the depart-
ment, such contract shall not be entered into unless
tho contractor shall furnish good and sufficient
security in at least $500,000 in addition to the res-
ervations on said contract, that the dock, when
completed, shall be portable and safe, and shall in all
respects answer tho purposes for which it was built."
Mr. COLE. Now, I am very well satisfied,
more so than ever before, that this amend-
ment ought not to be adopted. I think, as an
amendment, without the idea of correcting a
mistake, the proviso ought to stand as it is.
1 am sure my friend from New Hampshire
cannot disagree with me very much in judg-
ment as to the propriety of leaving the law as
it appears upon the statutes that have been
passed.
Mr. CRAGIN. I am willing to confess that
the law as it stands now is just as well; but at
the same time it was an error, and the Depart-
ment have urged me to bring this subject to
the attention of the Senate, fearing that there
might be some fault found with them, or some
implication that through some contrivance this
error occurred.
Mr. COLE. No one would suspect anything
of that sort..
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from New Hampshire having discharged his
duly, 1 hopefhe amendmentwill be voted down.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope it will not be voted
down. Congress passes a law, and the enroll-
ing clerk by mistake enacts another law ; and
if I were ever so much opposed to the ori-
ginal law and in favor of the one which has
been enacted by mistake, certainly I would
vote to correct the error. It is merely pro-
posed to correct a clerical error. The original
proposition, whether right or wrong, was
adopted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives deliberately. There is an error in
it. We are only asked to correct that error,
and I do not care to inquire what the error is.
I would correct it even if I would afterward
repeal the corrected bill and enact the one that
now appears on the statute-book.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The error was
on the part of the committee of conference,
and it was by no means deliberately adopted.
I presume not one member out of fifty of the
Senate knew a word about it. Therefore I
hope we shall not perpetuate the error of a
committee of conference by adopting it by sol-
emn deliberation of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have always been
