268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
opposed to legislation by committees of con-
ference ; but 1 do not think it is any improve-
ment to have legislation by an enrolling clerk.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that the
law as it now stands is a very proper provision,
well considered and well guarded; and I think
that it would be no improvement to adopt the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire. If the committee of confer-
ence made this mistake, favorably, in our judg-
ment, as the law now stands,'I think we had
better vote down the amendment now offered
and have the law as it stands upon the statute-
book. It seems to me it is better guarded for
the Treasury and for the Government.
Mr. CRAGIN". I felt it to be my duty to
offer this amendment and to state the facts.
This is manifestly an error, as any Senator
can see by turning to the Journal and reading
the report of the committee of conference as
made to both Houses. This identical amend-
ment that I now offer was in that report, instead
of the one that I offered originally in the Sen
ate, and which I seek now to remove by this
amendment. I agree entirely with the Senator
from Rhode Island, that no matter whether
this be an improvement of the law or not, it
ought to be corrected. The enrolling clerk
made this mistake, and of course the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills made the same mis-
take ; and it is not strange that they should
have done so under the circumstances, in the
closing hours of the session.
Mr. ANTHONY. Why, Mr. President, in
what a position do we place ourselves if we
refuse to correct a clerical*error, if we take
advantage of a clerical error to put upon the
country a law which Congress never passed ?
1 do not inquire at all as to the merits of the
two propositions. We might as well have
an act read differently from the printed bill
before us.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
remind Senators that several Senators have
spoken twice in this debate, and if there is 110
objection the Chair will now submit the ques-
tion to the Senate. The amendment will he
read at the request of the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
five, noes not counted.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to offer an
amendment which was before the Senate at
the last session, but which has been recom-
mended again by the Secretary of War, and
the Committee 011 Military Affairs have con-
sidered it and reported it and referred it to the
Committee on Appropriations, and it is regu-
larly before the Senate in that way :
To enable the Secretary of War to enlarge the
military depot nt Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, to
meet the necessities of the public service. $350,000,
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War.
I will only say that General Pope made an
elaborate report to the Secretary of War in his
annual report last full, recommending this
measure; and then the General of the Army,
General Sherman, recommended it. The Sec-
retary of War has concurred in that recom-
mendation, and_ sent it a second time to the
Senate. The object of it is to enlarge the quar-
ters at Fort Leavenworth, so that during the
winter and certain portions of the year when
troops cannot well be stationed out on the front-
ier, they can be returned there and kept eco
nominally for the Government. Wehavebeen
obliged, for several years past, to keep a large
cavalry force on our frontier. They remain
there during the summer when they can be well
kept and cared for, but during the winter they
come in and are quartered at Fort Leaven-
worth. A part of this appropriation is to
enlarge the depot in that regard. Then it is
made a depot for disbursements for all the forts
111 the remote portions of the country on the
western side, and on that account they need
the enlarged buildings. The matter has been
in the War Department for some months and
is recommended very cordially to Congress.
Mr. COLE. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to. It appropriates avery large
amount, and for such a purpose that it cau
evidently be dispensed with for some time
to come" There are barracks for the soldiers
at many different posts in the interior of the
country, which are now accessible by reason
of the railroads that have been completed, and
I do not suppose that it is really necessary to
have these very extensive buildings fitted up
in the city of Leavenworth. It would be de-
sirable, 110 doubt, on the part of my friend
from Kansas, and he is only doing his duty to
his constituency by proposing such an extraor-
dinary proposition as Ais; but I hope lie
will not further insist upon it. But if he does,
I trust the Senate will vote it down.
Mr. POSIEROY. I am surprised that the
Senator from California should insinuate that
Foit Leavenworth is in the city of Leaven-
worth. Fort Leavenworth is a military reser-
vation by itself, where there is now a large
Government depot, and has been for twenty
years. This is to enlarge the military facil-
ities at that post.
Mr. CORBETT. Where is it located?
Mr. POMEROY. Where is Fort Leaven-
worth located!
Mr. CORBETT. It is in a Territory, is it
not?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; in Kansas. It
is a military reservation inside of the State of
Kansas, on the Missouri river, above the city
of Leavenworth; and this appropriation is
desired for Government purposes, and is rec-
ommended by him who has charge of all our
armies. I do not know how they will get
along without it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Kansas has done his duty as a faithful
Senator in advocating this amendment; but
this is avery large appropriation, and it seems
to me it is a measure which ought to be con-
sidered at a regular session of Congress. I
am very anxious to get through with thi3 bill
to night, and in order to facilitate its progress
I move that this amendment be laid 011 the
table.
Mr. CALDWELL. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. I hope my colleague may
be allowed to say a few words 011 this subject
before that motion is made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly; I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. CALDWELL. I am satisfied that if
the Senator from Vermont knew the necessity
of this appropriation and the importance of
it to the Government, he would not oppose it.
We ask for an appropriation of $3o0,000, t0
enable the Secretary of War to enlarge the
buildings at Fort Leavenworth. Fort Leaven-
worth is not in the city of Leavenworth, it is
some miles above the city of Leavenworth, and
the reservation comprises from six to seven
thousand acres of land. There are buildings
on the reservation now sufficient to accommo-
date five or six hundred cavalry troops. We
desire to enlarge these buildings, so as to ac-
commodate one full regiment of cavalry dur-
ing the winter. We ask that on the principle
of economy. For years past the cavalry that
have_ been engaged in protecting the frontier
of Kansas have been wintered at different
Army posts 011 the plains, requiring of the
Government to expend large sums of money
in putting up temporary quarters ; those quar-
ters are used a short time and then abandoned.
Again, it, requires a large additional expendi-
ture of money to transport to the troops located
in those remote places forage for the animals
and subsistence for the men, which must be
transported there at great expense. What we
propose to do now is to enlarge the buildings
at Fort Leavenworth, so as to accommodate
one full regiment,, and, instead of carrying the
forage and the graiuand subsistence necessary
for support these troops away out on the plains
five or six hundred miles, to make the horses
and men come to the forage and use it there.
These things can be purchased at Fort. Jpeaven-
worth a great deal chcaper than they can on
the plains. I have in my possession a paper
by which I can show that the Government will
save at least $200,000 a year by purchasing
these articles at Fort Leavenworth and sup-
plying them to the troops there instead of
purchasing them there and sending them out to
the plains.
There is another reason for it. The troops
will be much more efficient and better disci-
plined if during the winter a thousand men
are kept together and drilled together than if
they are scattered over the plains in detach-
ments of one or two companies. They will
be more efficient for service, and since the
railroads have been extended 011 the plains,
nearly all the posts in the interior can be
reached, or we can get troops within a reason-
able distance of them by rail, so that they can
be brought to this place during the winter
and sent out in the spring to operate against
the Indians. Duriug the winter they are not
required 011 the plains. The Indians go into
winter quarters and so do the troops; it is
very rarely that a winter campaign is made
against Indians. Therefore we do not require
the troops to be on the plains in the winter.
This proposition has received the strong
support of the Secretary of War, of General
Sherman, and of General Pope, now in com-
mand at Fort Leavenworth, and when General
Sheridan was there two or three years ago he
was strongly in favor of this project as a mat-
ter of economy to the Government. He was
satisfied that it would promote the public
good and very much decrease the public ex-
penditures. I hope the amendment will pre-
vail. I know very well that it will be a matter
of economy to the Government. Besides, as
the Government owns a large amount of valu-
able- land at Fort Leavenworth and has build-
ings already there, the result of the enhanced
value which this expenditure of money \viii
bring to the land will more than remuneiate
the Government for the expense. I hope lh>j
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely de
sire to say that, while I am not sure whether or
not I should be in favor of this appropriation
at a regular session of Congress, I certainly
should not at any time be in favor of it because
of the last and most potent reason given by the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Cai.dVv'li.l,] that it
would raise the price of Government property
at this point to expend there §350.000.
ft, seems to me, sir, that under the Indian
policy adopted by the President of the United
States, a peace policy, instead of enlarging the
quarters of the men who are to hunt down
Indians hereafter, we shall be very likely to
curtail them. I move that the amendment lie
on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. I appeal to the Senator
to withdraw that motion. He has made two
speeches 011 this question. Now, let him not
do that, and then to move to lay the amend-
ment on the table. I do not wish to make a
speech, but I desire to offer an amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Tf the Sen-
ator will renew the motion I withdraw it.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. Mr. Pres-
ident, as this is a very large appropriation. 1
want these buildings to be an honor to the
country and an ornament to it. 1 move, there-
fore, to amend the amendment by adding to it
these words:
Said enlargement to he built of marble or Seneca
stone, in the discretion of the Secretary of Wai% ;niu
no iron not of American manufacture to be used.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I renew my
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the amendment
will not be laid on the table. I want to \oto
directly on the question. If the Senate do not
