1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
want to pass the proposition, let them say so
on a direct vote.
Mr. .MORRILL, of Vermont. I insist on
my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. The motion is to lay on the
table the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, and the amendment to that amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were 19 and the noes 18.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Davis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Morrill of
Vermont, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Sherman,
Stevenson, Thurman, Trumbull, and Vickers—18.
NAYS—Messx-s. Biair, Brownlow, Caldwell, Cas-
serly, Conkling, Cooper, C-agin, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Ilill, Hitchcock, Kellogg,
Logan, Pomeroy, Kice, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,
West. Windom, and Wright—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham. Cameron, Carpenter, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, llnmlin,
Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Nye, Patterson, llauisey, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Scbuiz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, and
Wilson—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senate now
by unanimous consent will strike out the litlle
amendment which the Senator from Ohio put
in about Seneca stone.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio insist on his amendment?
Mr. THURMAN. My amendment has not
been adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is pending.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought it had been
adopted. If it has not been, let us vote it
down. I do not suppose the Senator was
serious.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are going to spend
$350,000 to build a stable in Leavenworth, we
ought to build it of Seneca stone.
Mr. POMEROY. Because they have agreed
to have Seneca stone for a certain building in
this city this is put on as a joke.
Mr. CALDWELL. We do not desire t.o
have these buildings built of Seneca stone or
of iron ; we want, them built as cheaply as pos-
sible. What I wish to say nowiwid have Sen-
ators understand is that this is a matter which
has been for a long time recommended by the
officers of the Auny; as I said before, by
General Sheridan, by General Sherman, who
strongly reeommends ir, m his report, and also
the Secretary ol War; and I know that the
Government can save at least $200,000 a year
by wintering these troops atFortLeaveinvoith
instead of transportingsupplies and provisions
to them at different points on the plains.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has this amendment
been reported from any committee?
Mr. CALDWELL. Yes, sir; reported fiom
the Committee on Military Affairs, and it
meets with the approbation of General Sher-
man and also the Secretary of War. It is a
matter in which there is no moneyto be made ;
there is no "steal" in it, although it may
come from Kansas, [laughter;] but it is sim-
ply a matter for the promotion of the public
interests and to economize the expenditures
of the Army. 1 feel a great interest in it, of
couise, because Leavenworth is in Kansas. It
is the most beautiful reservation probably in
the United States, and one very valuable to
the Government; and from its geographical
position it will serve for ali time to come as a
great central military depot for the United
States, a great supply depot.
Mr. BLAIR. II the Senator from Kansas
Mill permit me, I will say that this proposition
i ommt-nds itself very much to me. It is well
known that the cavalry cannot be used in
vvnter rime on the plains. If they are win
tered there it is at an enormous expense. The
expense of carrying supplies and provisions
out to those distant posts is very great. It is
a matter of economy in that respect that the
troops should be wintered in some place where
provisions and supplies of every description can
be obtained at moderate rates. And then, as
has been said, the railroads concentrate at this
point; all the roads that run out on the plains
reach Leavenworth, so that the troops in the
spring of the year, when they can be made
useful, can be brought very rapidly to their
different posts. In every respect this is a
proper amendment. I think it was considered
the other day by the Military Committee and
almost every member of the committee was in
favor of it.
Mr. CORBETT. I am a little surprised at
the vote of the Senate taken a few minutes
ago. I have lived in a frontier country for
twenty years, and I must say that I do not re-
member now one success on our part during the
summer in the Indian country in a conflict
with Indians. All our successes, so far as
putting down Indian troubles arc concerned,
have been in the winter when the Indians are
found in camp. That is the onty possible time
when you can attack them and be successful.
At other seasons they have their horses, they
have their facilities for traversing the plains
more rapidly than our troops can.
Mr. BLAIR. Does the Senator from Ore-
gon allude to the success over the Piegan
Indians? [Laughter.]
Mr. CORBETI. 1 allude to the successes
in my own State, where I have been conversant
with the successes of our troops during the
past twenty years. If you want to be success-
ful you must keep your troops in the field, you
must keep them near where the Indians are
located, so as to hold them in subjection. If
the troops are simply ornamental, in the sum-
mer to put oil their regalia and go over the
plains as a matter of pleasure, then collect
them into your winter quaiters in the winter,
a thousand of them together, where they can
have a good time, and start them out in the
summer, and the Indians will all llee and you
will not find an Indian where the troops go.
They will jump upon their fleet horses and
traverse the plains more rapidly than the troops
can.
My opinion is that if there are accommoda-
tions for five hundred cavalry at Port Leaven-
worth that is ample. We are now constantly
reducing the number of troops in the field in
the western country. We are withdrawing them
and sending them into tile southern country
for immediate service there. It seems to me
that it is unnecessary at tilts time to puton the
deficiency bill this appropriation of $350,000
when we have already appropriated during the
past session of Congress $12,000,000 more than
the estimates of the Departments called for.
I do not see the necessity for this. It may be
that these buildings maybe highly ornamental
and satisfactory to that section of the couu-'
try ; it may be that this would be a very pleas-
ant place ior the troops to concentrate in dur-
ing the Winter ; but if we wantan efficient ser-
vice, it is necessary to keep the troops in the
localities where depredations are committed,
so that they may be on hand early in the
spiiog.
I do not believe that this is going to cheapen
our military expenses. When troops are
located at posts in the interior, they can cut
their own hay and the soldiers can put it up,
and all the transportation that is necessary is
of flour, beef, and pork, and that section of
the country is now being settled up so that the.
localities will furnish those supplies to the
troops very nearly as cheap as they can be got
at Fort Leavenworth. I do not believe it is
going to be a matter of economy to bring these
troops back from the interior to Fort Leaven-
worth and then in the summer send them away
off into the interior, where many of them will
have to go by railroad. It seems to me that
this appropriation is not appropriate at this
lime and not necessary.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I have felt a
delicacy about saying what I think iu regard
to this proposition, simply because I am a
neighbor to Kansas at home; but I under-
stand that there is no necessity whatever for
it; and I ought not to deceive gentlemen.
When the war ended, Fort Kearny, in Ne-
braska, could accommodate more than a thou-
sand cavalry, horses and soldiers ; but it was
discovered then that the Indian depredations
were not from Leavenworth and not from the
west of Leaveuworth, but that they were from
the far-off Northwest, and therefore the Gov-
ernment had to abandon its fane buildings at
Fort Kearny and press its cavalry and its mil-
itary stations hundreds of miles west for the
purpose of having the cavalry at such distant
points as Laramie, when it was known that they
would have to be used in Colorado and in
Idaho and in Montana and in all that region
of country; and 1 have never heard of their
being brought back in the winter season to ba
foraged on the Missouri river.
Fifteen years ago that argument would have
held good in regard to Fort Leavenworth. It
was then on the frontier; it was then on the
outskirts, and we had not from necessity then
to drive our stations so far off northwest and
west as we have had since. If our success
should be as great as we anticipate, all these
buildings at Fort Leavenworth will have to
be given to the city or sold at auction, given
away literally, in a very short time. Why, sir,
Kansas has become a great State. Kansas
is no longer merely upon the frontier. Indeed,
I believe it is a question between Leavenwotth
and St. Louis as to which shall have the national
capital in a short time. They are central. It
is like bringing all of your cavalry stations
into the very heart of the nation to talk about
Leavenworth city holding a cavalry station at
the present tune, and then to talk about one-
thousand soldiers being subsisted at Leaven-
worth, and that that would be a great saving
to the Government! Where are the rest of
your twenty thousand soldiers who will never
see Fort Leavenworth at all?
The thing is beautiful in theory. The report
itself saya that Fort Leavenworth is a very
good point from which to carry out soldiers
into Kansas and Colorado and New Mexico.
But Kansas, Colorado, and New Mexico are
not " any place or much of that" in com-
parison with the great West. I cannot, there-
fore, discover that there is any necessity in
the world for it, only to give an opportunity
for building up Fort Leavenworth for the pur-
pose of allowing it to be sold very cheap for
cash or good country produce in about five
years. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIU rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nebraska yield to the Senator from
Missouri ?
Mr. BLAIR. I thought the Senator was
through.
Mr. TIPTON. I would fear to yield to tha
Senator from Missouri; he is too sharp in
putting questions. [Laughter.] I will only
add, Mr. President, that it lias been found
necessary by the Department that on the great
Union Pacific railroad, which is somewhere^
and does lead somewhere, there should be a
military depot; and therefore new building
are just np and painted at Omaha, about
three or four hundred miles north of Kansas ;
and there we have a quartermaster's depart-
ment ; aud then- corn and other produce are
bought and shipped over the railroad to the
miliiary posts wesl and northwest of us. 11
you have three or four hundred thousand dol-
lars that von wish to invest profitably, now
lying idle in your Treasury, send it out there
and complete your building at Omaha, aud do
not. go on the back track.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent——
