1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
Question. Was that the business of the Ku Klux
Klan?
Answer. That is what they told me it was; that
was our duty, to break it up.
While I am on this subject, as bearing also
on recent events in South Carolina, let me
call attention to another statement made by
this witness:
Question. While in Cabarrus county did you go
into South Carolina?
Answer. Yes, sir; I went into South Carolina as I
came from Lenoir county; I found my friends in
South Carolina.
Question. State whether the order existed there.
Answer. Yop, sir; they told me it existed from
there on to Georgia.
Question, Did you learn from your commander, or
otherwise, that the order existed throughout the
southern States?
Answer. Yes, sir; I heard him tell me them very
words out of his mouth—that it existed plumb
through the southern States; said they had a com-
plete line of it.
Question.Of what kind of people was the Ku Klux
IClan composed? Was it made up of men who were
in the rebel army ?
Answer. Yes, sir. I don't believe there was on©
that belonged to it but what had been in tho army.
There was one little tellow, with one leg shorter than
tho other—I don't think ho was in the army.
There, sir, are three witnesses, all of whom
are members of this organization, all of whom
testified to its objects, showing that they were
identical with those which were proclaimed by
the Senator from Missouri in liis letter which
was made the basis of the Democratic platform
in 1868. Three other witnesses are sworn,
Bradshaw, Murray, and Rodgers, all three of
whom swore to this oath as being the oath
which ihey took, several of them making ex-
ceptions as to one or two sentences which they
said they did not remember. I do not propose
to take up time in reading the oath. It has
been already laid before the Senate in the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man;] but to preserve the continuity of the
remarks 1 shall here make I will have it in-
serted m the report of what I say:
" You solemnly swear,in thepresenceof Almighty
God, that you will never reveal the name of the
person who initiated you; and that you will never
reveal what is now about to come to your knowl-
edge; and that you are not now a member of the
Red String Order, Union League, Heroes of Amer-
ica, Grand Army of the Republic, or any other
organization whose aim and intention is to destroy
the rights of the South, or of the States, or of the
people, or to elevate tho negro to apolitical equality
with yourself; and that you are opposed to all such
piinciples: so help you God.
"You further swear, before Almighty God, that you
will bo true to the principles of this brotherhood and
the members thereof; and thatyou willneverreveal
any of the secrets, orders, acts, or cdicts, and you
will nevor make known to any person, not a known
member of this brotherhood, that you are a member
yourself, or who aro members; aud that you will
never assist in initiating, or allow to be initiated, if
vou can prevent it. any one belonging to the Red
String Order, Union League, Heroes of America,
Grand Army of the Republic, or any one holding
Radical views or opinions; and should any member
of this brotherhood, or their friends, be in danger,
you will inform them of their danger, and, if neces-
saiy, you will go to their assistance; and that you
will oppose all Radicals and negroes in all of their
political designs; and that should any Radical or
negro impose on, abuse, or injure any member of
this brotherhood, you will assist in punishing him
in any manner the camp may direct.
" i'ou further swear thatyou will obey allcalls and
summonses of the chief of your camp or brotherhood,
should it be in your power so to do.
"Given upon this, your obligation, that you will
never give the word of distress unless you are in
great need of assistance; and should you hear it
given by any brother, you will go to his or their
assistance; and should any member reveal any of
the secrets, acts, orders, or edicts of the brother-
hood, you will assist in punishing him in any way
the camp may direct or approve of: so help you
God."
Take the oath as it stands ; look at its terms;
and can any man doubt that the object of the
Ku Klux Klan was identical with that of the
Democratic party? No man who was a mem-
ber of the Union League could ever get into
the White Brotherhood j no man who had been
a member of the Heroes of America, an order
striving to preserve the Union during the rebel-
lion3 could ever get into it; no man who had
ever followed the flag of the Union could get
into it. And, sir, it is a remarkable coinci-
dence that while the good men of North Caro-
lina in the Democratic party—and there are
many of them, and I intend to do them all
honor, ay, more than honor, when I come to
them, by name, for having the courage in the
midst of such an organization to stand up and
denounce this wing of their party—it is a sig-
nificant fact that a large wing of the Demo-
cratic party in these Ku Klux Klans in North
Carolina had necessarily to be soldiers of the
rebel army in order to enable them to enter
the portals of the secret, mystic ring!
But a question is raised about a certificate
that is given in evidence in the case. A ques-
tion has been made by the Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. Bayard] as to whether that certifi-
cate was signed by the witness whose atten-
tion was called to it. I believe this is the only
witness to whose testimony any such allusion
has been made in the majority report as might
be considered even an animadversion, W. S.
Bradshaw; and that was only for the purpose
of showing the difficulty of getting straight-
forward, candid testimony from men who have
been members of this organization. And now
to the allegation that he did not sign it. The
certificate is read to him in this way:
Question. Look at the statement now shown you,
dated July 28, 1870, signed by a number of members,
your name among the rest:
Alamance County, July 28,1870.
We, the undersigned, citizens of Alamance county,
do hereby acknowledge that wo havo been members
of an organization in said county known to the public
as the Ku Klux Klan, but known to the members
thereot as the White Brotherhood, or Constitutional
Union Guard.
This organization in the outset, as we understood
it, was purely political, and for the mutual protec-
tion of the members thereofand their families; but
since joining we have been pained to know that
while the objects of the organization were to attain
certain political ends tho moans used and resorted
to were such as would shock a civilized and enlight-
ened people. And we hereby publicly and inde-
pendently dissolve our connection with this organ-
ization, and call upon upright and law-abiding citi-
zens everywhere to do the same thing, knowing, as
we do, that unless tho crimes which have been com-
mitted by this organization can bo put a stop to,
and the organization itself entirely broken up, civil
liberty and personal safety aro at an end in this
county, and life and property and everything else
will soon bo at the mercy of an organized mob.
We intend to see that tho signs, grips, and pass-
words of this organization are fully exposed, together
with the plans of operations, &c.t so that the people
everywhere may see with their own eyes.
In making these confessions we havo implicated
no one but ourselves, but we hope that our friends
will take warning, from what has transpired within
the last few days, and immediately withdraw from
organizations such as we have mentioned, and assist
us and all other good citizens in restoring peace and
good order in our county.
CLEMENT C. CURTIS,
JAMJ3S B.BOYD,
ROBERT IIANNER,
JOHN R. STOCKARD,
JACOB MICHAEL.
J.N. H.CLENDENIN,
IlBNRY ALBRIGHT,
JAMES H. FOUST,
1>. D. TEAUUE,
A. J. PATTERSON,
J. A. J. PATTERSON,
JOHN G. ALBRIGHT,
CHRIST. C. CURTIS,
S. A. CURTIS,
W. S. BRADSHAW,
JASPER N. WOOD.
Did you sign that?
Ansioer. No, sir.
Question. Is your name there?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. How was it procured?
Answer. This is the first time I ever read it.
Then with reference to other names on it:
Question. Was Clement C. Curtis a member of the
organization ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Robert Hanner ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. James E. Boyd ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. John R. Stockard?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Jacob Michael ?
Answer. I do not know anything about Michael.
So it follows with all whose names are to it,
and he answered with reference to all of them
affirmatively:
Question. Jasper N. Wood?
Answer. He was chief.
Question, Is there any other Bradshaw ?
This is all for the purpose of seeing the can-
dor of this man as to not having signed this
certificate:
Answer, None other. I can explain that. John R.
Stockard camc down to my house, I think, the samo
day this was signed. He told me what was going
on; that was the first I knew of any arrest being
made. He said they had signed a piece of writing to
the effect that they were going to disband and havo
nothing to do with it. I told him I was entirely
favorable to that, and I didn't care who knew that I
had belonged to it; that I was opposed to the whole
system, and if that was all there was of it, he might
just go and put my name to it.
Question. You gave your authority to Stockard to
put your name to thi3 ?
Answer. Yes, sir ; but I never read it before.
Question. Are the statements made in it correct?
Was it read to you?
Answer. No. sir; he told me that was the substance
of it.
Question. Without regard to how you came to sign
it, do you say that the statement in this card, in
which your name appears, is correct?
Answer, (reads the card) No; I don't understand
it to be 44 puroly political." I never did understand
it in that way.
Question. Is there anything else in it to which you
find exception?
Answer. I do not know that there is.
Question. Then with that exception the statement
you say is correct?
Answer. Yes, sir.
a With that exception the statement is cor-
rect." For the purpose of discrediting this
certificate the Senator from Delaware made an
argument that this man had never signed it.
Mr. BAYARD. Are you going to stop there?
Mr. SCO'JT. No, sir, I am going on. Then
this man is a member of the Ku Klux organ-
ization, and the first thing we had to get out
of him in the examination, as anybody will
see, was that if he disclosed any of the secrets
of the order, he did it under the penalty of
death : and he told us that every word he ut-
tered to us he felt was under the penalty of
death. After all that protracted examination
we got out the fact that every other statement
that was in the certificate was true except that
his understanding was that the purposes were
not purely political, that there were some
others in it, meaning, I suppose that, after they
got through with politics the only way to make
themselves successful was to go on with the
violence and the disorder. Then the Senator
from Delaware asked him, getting on another
tack, " Do you now say that 1 the means used
and resorted to were such as would shock a
civilized and eulightened people?5 n And he
answered thus:
Answer. I do not know thatto be so at all, because
I don't know that these things were perpetrated by
that organization.
Question. Did you ever know ?
Answer. Never on earth.
Then he goes on after having stated that
everything else in the certificate but one is
true, and by a protracted cross-examination
gets him to take back almost every word of it.
So much for this certificate signed by sixteen
men, all of whom with one exception he says
were members of the organization, that cer-
tificate stating that the purpose of—
" This organization in the outset, as we understood
it, was purely political, and for the mutual^ protec-
tion of the members thereof and their families; but,
since joining, we have been pained to know that
while the objects of the organization were to attain
certain political ends, the means used and resorted
to were such as would shock a civilized and enlight-
ened people."
Now, mark the qualification which that man
made was that he did not understand the pur-
poses to be purely political; that they were to
go beyond that. They were political, but they
went further than that. I leave him, aud leave
him to the consideration of every man who
will see proper to read the testimony. Look-
ing at his testimony and at the deeds of blood
