1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klax Organization—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
Question', Such as were used while you were com-
mander?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Did you go among them and endeavor
to dissuade them from hanging him?
Answer. No, sir.
Two members of the order say they were
there, a third member proves that one of
them he knew was a member. The com-
mander of the order says that he saw the sixty
men who did it,, and that they had on the dis-
guises of the order when they did it. Nobody
could get into the White Brotherhood but
Democrats, and the sixty men who wore the
disguises on the night that Wyatt Outlaw was
hung were sixty Ku Klux Democrats in dis-
guise. That is my answer to the Senator's
question, " Who did it?"
And now, sir, as the gentleman has put the
inquiry, to show how it was viewed m that
community, let me here offer the testimony of
a man who was not a partisan, a man who was
honored in the community where he lifted, and
has enjoyed the confidence of all parties, and
who saw the crowd in that town upon the night
that this poor negro was hung 5 and what does
he say about it?
Question. After this thing occurred was there any
difference in the tone of public sentiment in the two
political parties as to the offense?
Anstoer. You mean bv that, whether there was
one clats that would justify the murder and another
denounce it?
Question. ¥"es, sir; I want to get at the tone of
public sentiment, if possible.
Ansioer. I will explain in this way: if a stranger
were to come into our village ho could have told every
Democrat and every Republican simply by hearing
them express themselves, the Consei vatives unani-
mously justifying it and the Republicans, or Radi-
cals, as they are termed, unanimously denouncing it.
There is the manner in which this thing
was viewed at the time it occurred. 1 do not
stand here to say that the whole Democratic
party of North Carolina were members of this
organization. Far from it. I wo-uld be guilty
of no such injustice, but there is no denying
the truth of rope's saying, t(a fellow-feeling
makes us wondrous kind and having shown
the identity of purpose in which these parties
were engaged, it is entirely natural that the
fellow-feeling should divide the parties in that
little town of Graham, where these horrible
occurrences took place, in just the manner
that Squire Harden describes. That is the
only case of those I shall use in which we have
not had the victim before us. lie has gone
to a tribunal where Ku Klux cannot perjure
themse ves to shield their confederates in crime
from the penalty of infallible justice.
Samuel Allen (page 47) is a colored man, a
magistrate and a shoemaker, and on the 8th
of May 1870, they came to him, took him out
of his house, fired at him, drove him from
home at night,, and his house was visited again
and his property destroyed. For what was
this done? I will not take time to read over
the whole testimony showing the outrage and
the character of it, but I do wish to give in
his own language the offense for which this
man was thus treated and driven from his
home :
Question. Had you committed any wrong to any of
the people ?
Answer. They said I had committed a. great wrong;
I had kfpt a Sunday-school, which I was forbidden
to do. They told me that this thing of teaching nig-
gers and educating niffgers was something they did
not allow: that the church they belonged to never
sanctioned any such thing; thatitwasnotsanctioned
by the neighborhood or the country, and it must not
he done; and finnlly they told me it should not be
done, and when I proceeded on with the Sunday-
school they said to me, "We gave you orders to stop
and you have continued against our ordeis; now you
have got to stop."
There is an expressive sentence in that col-
ored man's testimony which conveys more
vividly the state of feeling among the colored
people than anything I can say. It is in
answer to this question:
What is the sense of security as to life and prop-
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 3.
erty among the colored people in the county whore
you live, Caswell county?
He answered:
We do not feel secure at all. The night coming on
has been to us there like judgment; there is no mis-
take about that."
u Like judgment; there is no mistake about
thai!"
I pass on to the next, a man named Corliss,
who was whipped on the 20th of November,
I860. He had preached to the colored people
on the evening of that day, and about twelve
o'clock at night the Ku Klux came to his house,
took him out, carried him about a mile into
the woods, and there barbarously beat him,
crippled as he was. lie had to walk upon
crutches. He was not, as the Senator from
Ohio mistakenly supposed, a soldier, but a
crippled preacher and teacher, who had been
sent by the Friends of Philadelphia into North
Carolina to take charge of a colored school,
and the allegation given to him for his whip
ping was that it was done "for teaching nig-
gers and makingthem like white men." .Cor-
liss himself was a white man.
Who is the next man? Caswell Holt, taken
out twice, December, 18G8, and December,
I860, the first time whipped barbarously and
^e second time shot with five bullets and
three bird-shot. Now, sir, that I may not be
accused of exaggerating, again let me quote
the Senator from Delaware in regard to Cas-
well Holt:
"One of the parties injured, whose name has been
in the mouth of almost every witness, was a colored
man named Caswell Holt. Wo had heard of him in
a dozen different quarters. When any witness was
asked to specify a case of outrage, " Caswell Holt"
was among the first mentioned. Fiually, Caswell
llolt came himself, a respectable, well-behaved col-
ored man."
And now, sir, mark it, that, notwithstand-
ing the Senator from Delaware in the intro-
ductory sentence seeks to make as little as
possible the case of Caswell Holt, I wish that
every such case which the Democratic press
North seeks to belittle could be brought into
the presence of a man of feeling and of honor,
just as Caswell Holt was brought into the pres-
ence of the Senator from Delaware. Then they
would see for themselves what these outrages
are, and then there would be no more under-
taking to whistle these cases down the wind, as
they have been doing for a year or eighteen
months. Now, what does he say?
"Finally, Caswell Holt came himself, a respect-
able, well-behaved colored man. He related his
story of wrongs. He had been treated in the most
cruel and cowardly manner. No man who heard his
testimony but burned with indignation toward the
cowardly scoundrels who had inflicted the injuries
upon him. But when Caswell Holt is asked—and he
lives in that county, is one of the chief men among
his race in that county, well acquainted with the
facts detailed—when he was asked by me how many
cases of outrage he knows himself personally in that
county, he tells me he knows of six."
Oh! the six that Caswell Holt knew of are
again belittled by speakingof three poorigno-
rant negroes who undertook to imitate these
Ku Klux in disguise, and in order to do it put
out their shirts over their pantaloons and made
paper masks, and went around to make a raid
on two or three negroes; and the result is North
Carolina justice has the whole three of them
in the penitentiary. Where are the men who
whipped Caswell Holt? What penitentiary
holds them ?
Before I go further with Caswell Holt, let
me show another thing with reference to this
very case which has so excited the sympathy
and the indignation of the Senator from Dela-
ware when it is brought before him. I speak
of Long's testimony, page 262:
Question, During the time you were in connection
with that body was any proposition made at any
time, in either the county or in a subordinate camp,
about any infliction of a wrong upon members of the
other party?
Answer. There was never any proposition made
when I was present, and I only learned of one.
There was a young man, named John R. Long, met
me one day on the street, stopped me and said, '* They
are going to hang Caswell Holt." I laid my hand on
his shoulder and said to him, "Now, I do not want
you to tell mo anything about who is to do it. and I
want you to go to whomever it is, and tell them for
God's sake not to do it." I turned right off and loft
him.
Quvetion. Was Caswell Holt hung ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Was ho whipped ?
An&iocr. lie was whipped before that.
And then he was shot afterward. Here is
the evidence from the mail who was com-
mander of the camp at the time it was com-
municated to him that the camp had decided
to hang Caswell Holt; and because that man
dissuaded them from hanging him he had to
lay down the robes of office. The Constitu-
tional Union Guards succeeded .the order of
which he was commander, and in December
afterward he was initiated into that. Notwith-
standing he had declined to assist in the mur-
der of men whose death his former fraternity
had decreed, he went into an organization in
December, the only difference being that he
says the discipline of that was a little more
rigid. God knows if the discipline was a little
more rigid it was rigid enough, when it was so
rigid in the other that when a decree for mur-
der was passed it had to be carried out!
The next man is named liamsour, a white
man. In January, 1869, they came to his
house and whipped him. They had whipped
negroes in his neighborhood because they had
voted with him, and while the barbarous whip-
ping which they gave him was going on, as
will be found by referring to page 410 of the
testimony, one of the fiends came up and
whispered in his ear, "Vote the Conservative
ticket and you will be all right, and there will
be no more whipping."
C. D. Upchurch was the sixth man who was
the victim. And what was he ? He was a reve-
nue officer. He had been collecting revenue
in Chatham county and seizing some illicit
stills. He was met on the highway, taken into
the woods, detained three hours, and after
being detained that length of time they said
to him, "If you ever come into this country
and seize any more stills just pick out your
tree."
Here, sir, look at the class of people who are
made the subjects of outrage. Outlaw is mur-
dered. Allen, for teaching a Sunday-school, is
whipped and driven from home. Corliss, for
teaching a Sabbath-school, and, as was alleged,
for striving to get a seat for a black woman in
a congregation of white people, was driven from
the Stale. Caswell Holt—for him I refer to
the language of the Senator from Delaware, a
'1 respectable colored man," whipped and shot.
Ramsoul, a citizen of property and a man of
influence, was whipped also for voting the
Radical ticket; and Upchurch, a revenue offi-
cer, was directed never to show his face there,
or if he did he would find himself suspended
to the limb of a tree.
These are all living men before us. They
testified, and when they did so they forced con-
viction on the mind of the Senator from Del-
aware that these outrages are perpetrated by
scoundrels, and that they deserve and receive
the scorn and indignation of all right-feeling
men. But, sir, how are they perpetrated V
Are they perpetrated upon the individual re-
ponsibility of these members? Have I not
shown the organization? Have I not shown
the material of which it was composed ? Have
I not shown that they execute the decrees
of their camp? But if there be any doubt
about it I wish to show, not simply that they
execute the decrees of their camp, but that
they do carry these d ecrees to an extent which
no civilized community would believe. I refer
to the testimony ef W'illeford, on page 242:
Question. Was that the meeting at which tho case
of Myers was acted upon ?
