1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
our coming here on Saturday? If we proposed
to adjourn early this next week I should enter
into the idea of the Senator; but under the
circumstances I think there is no occasion for
us to come here to-morrow. Therefore I will
move that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. During the pen-
dency of this bill it requires unanimous con-
sent to entertain the motion, unless the bill
shall be laid on the table. Is there objection ?
Mr. BOREMAN, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN,
and others objected.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The Senator from Indiana moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business, pending which the Chair
announces the appointment to fill the exist-
ing vacancy on the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.] The question recurs on the motion
of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mortoi*.]
executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After thirty minutes spent in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened, and (at
five o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. in.)
the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 25, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
credentials.
Mr. RICE presented the credentials of
Powell Clayton, chosen- by the Legislature of
'the State of Arkansas a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4, 1871.
The credentials were read; and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered
to Mr. Clayton, he took his seat in the Senate.
senators from alabama and georgia.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections
in relation to Mr. Goldthwaite and Mr. Blod-
gett.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us present the morn-
ing business first. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada has risen and moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to present a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Nevada yield for that purpose?
Mr. STEWART. Let this resolution be
taken up, and then I will yield for the morning
busld6ss«
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator from
Nevada states that he will yield for the morn-
ing business after the resolution is taken up.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the morning busi-
ness first in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Questionsof priv-
ilege are always submitted at any time when
there is no other business before the Senate.
It is a question affecting the right of a Senator
to his seat, and if entitled to his seat he has
the right to offer petitions, resolutions, &c., on
this day.
Mr. STEWART. Let the resolution betaken
up, and then I will give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 28, noes 10.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate, pending which the Chair
will call for petitions, as the Senator from
Nevada has said he would yield to allow morn-
ing business to be presented. Petitions now
presented must by the rule be laid on the table,
unless by unanimous consent they be referred.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have had on my desk
for several days a resolution of the Legislature
of West Virginia, instructing the Senators and
requesting the Representatives from that State
to vote for the removal of political disabilities
under the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States. I move that it
lie on the table. It is not necessary to print
it, I apprehend, as it has been presented here-
tofore by my colleague and printed. I may at
some future time have some remarks to make
on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on
the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
John Claypoole, of the city of Baltimore, Mary-
land, praying indemnification for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1800; which was ordered to lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
petition of Charles B. Stewart, of Austin city,
Texas, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Louisa Kearny, widow of Col-
onel j. Kearny, have leave to withdraw her papers
from the Committee on Claims, for the purpose of
laying them before the board of commissioners to
adjudicate the claims of loyal persons in the insur-
rectionary States.
business of the session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a resolution by
way of amendment of the order that was
adopted on Wednesday last, and under which
we are now acting. It is to come in at the
end of that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Rhode Island offers an amendment to the re-
strictive resolution under which the Senate is
now acting, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And any bill that may be sent to the Senate from
the House of Representatives on the same subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to its present consideration ?
Mr. CASSERLY. There is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask that the amend-
ment to the order relative to the business of
this session which I offered may be printed, and
that the whole order as adopted be printed,
with the amendments, so as to show how it
will read if adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to
print will bo made if there be no objection.
That order is made.
cost of vessels on st. domingo coast.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a res-
olution of inquiry.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to communicate to the Senate an account
of the expenditures incurred in the support and
navigation of the several ships already reported to
the Senate by the Secretary as employed on the
coasts ot St. Domingo since the beginning of nego-
tiations for the acquisition of part of that island,
setting forth the expenditures on account of each
ship and the sum total taken from the annual naval
appropriations on account of all those ships.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a reso-
lution of inquiry, and is, in the opinion of the
Chair, in order under the rule, but it requires
unanimous consent for its consideration on
this day.
Mr. CONKLING. At the proper time I
should like to suggest an amendment, to which
I presume there will be no objection ; and that
is—I will reduce it to writing if it is desired—
that the Secretary report how much of this ex-
pense, if any, is additional to that which would
have been incurred had the ship been afloat
anywhere else.
Mr. MORTON. That is a very proper amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose there will be
no objection to that.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. STEWART. If discussion shall arise
on it I shall object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada, who is entitled to the floor on the
question of privilege, states that he will not
object if this resolution does not give rise to
debate. The resolution, subject to that objec-
tion, is before the Senate. The Senator from
New York moves an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. "And that the Secre-
tary report how much, if any, of said expens#
is in addition to that which would have occurren
had said vessels floated elsewhere."
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
I do not wish to debate it; but we all know
that during the session there has been a com-
plaint that vessels have not been in certaia
places where they were needed. The Secre-
tary has complained that he has not had ves-
sels at command, but he has reported to tha
Senate that he has kept twelve vessels of war
girdling the costs of San Domingo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to debate
it either. The purpose of my amendment is
simply to guard against mistake and miscon-
struction. The purpose of the resolution is to
acquire information as to the cost of main-
taining certain vessels in certain places. If,
then, it be true that had those ships been al
sea anywhere else the expense would be pre-
cisely or substantially the same, of course that
should appear, in order truly to inform those
who may read the response to this resolution.
I will change the phraseology of my amend-
ment, which I believe was " floating elsewhere."
Perhaps that is somewhat ambiguous; and I
will say " at sea elsewhere."
Mr. MORTON. " In service elsewhere."
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
that phrase, "in service elsewhere."
Mr. COLE. I would suggest to the Senator
from New Y'ork to include also in his amend-
ment " how many vessels are usually employed
in the West India squadron."
Mr. CONKLING. I will add that: "and
also how many vessels are usually in service
in that quarter."
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senate came to a
resolution a few days ago to consider at this
session one subject, to wit: whether it could
propose a plan to stop the outrages that are
now going on at the South. Thousands and
tens of thousands are being murdered in cold
blood ; thousands and tens of thousands are
being taken out and whipped and scourged,
and these outrages are taking place every day.
I hold in my hand an account of a Michigan
soldier, a colonel, a revenue officer, who was
taken out and scourged with a hundred lashes,
and he is here now in the city of Washington.
The question to be settled here is, can we stop
these outrages or can we not? Now the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts comes in with another
subject 
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to a point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California will state his question of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is to be debate
for one Senator there will have to be for all.
I ask what is before the Senate at this time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from New York to the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts; but
as to whether there shall be debate by several
Senators, more thau one, is not a point of
