1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
took part in the election of Senator. That
raises a very strong case, whether the action
of the Legislature in allowing Mr. Henry to
occupy a seat precludes investigation on the
part of the Senate. If the statement made
here in regard to Mr. Henry turns out to be so,
it will raise the question whether in any case
the Senate will undertake to investigate how a
Legislature is composed, whether they will
investigate the case of persons not authorized
to sit in the Legislature at all coming in and
voting at the election. That is presented
prima facie in this paper. Now, to ascertain
whether that question does arise, it is neces-
sary to examine the facts. The committee did
not have time to examine the facts of that case
at this session. It is manifestly out of the
question to do it now so as to present the real
facts to the Senate.
The case of Mr. Blodgett, who comes here
with a regular certificate, presents very grave
considerations. He was elected by the Legis-
lature that elected Messrs. Hill and Miller.
Their election occurred in July, 18G8. The
election of Mr. Blodgett occurred after the
reorganization of the Legislature, in February,
1870. The act of Congress requires that Sen-
ators shall be elected by the Legislature which
is chosen by the people next preceding the
happening of the vacancy to be filled. Now,
inasmuch as the Constitution only empowers
Congress to fix the time and manner of elec-
tion, it is a very grave question whether or not
a fair construction of that act means that a
time should be fixed which would deprive a
State for any period of its representation in
Congress; or whether, in fixing the time, the in-
tention was not to have an election by a Legis-
lature which was chosen and organized into
a Legislature next preceding the happening
of the vacancy; whether that was not a fair
construction.
A similar case has arisen in Tennessee, so far
as the legal point is concerned ; and I should
like to call the attention of the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Coopek] to see whether I am
correct as to the facts I am about to state. The
case of the Senator from Tennessee presents a
precisely similar question, so far as the act of
Congress is concerned and the power of Con-
gress. lie was elected by a Legislature which
was chosen some two years ago, and after that
Legislature was chosen and acted and elected
him a constitutional convention was called, and
another Legislature was elected, which is not
yet organized, but it was elected before the
happening of the vacancy. If the act of Con-
gress is construed to confine the election to the
Legislature which was legally chosen before
the vacancy happened, there has been a Legis-
lature chosen in Tennessee, and it will sit at
some time hereafter; I do not know the exact
time. But I apprehend that the fair construc-
tion of that act is that the election shall be by
a Legislature chosen and organized with the
capacity to elect a Senator. It could not have
been the intention of the act that a State should
be deprived of representation for any period
of time by an act of Congress fixing the time
of electing Senators.
Now I call the attention of the Senate to the
constitution of Georgia, which provides that—
"The members of the house of representatives
shull be elected for two years. The election for
members of the General Assembly shall begin on
Tuesday after the first Monday in November of
every second year, except the first election, which
shall be within sixty days alter the adjournment of
this convention; but the General Assembly may, by
law. change the time of election, and the members
shull hold until their successors are elected and
qualified."
I believe the time of this election was
changed last year until December. I have
the act here, and I can look and get the exact
date if it is desired. The next section pro-
vides that—
"The first meeting of the General Assembly shall
bo within ninety days after the adjournment of this
convention, nfter which it shall meet annually on
the second Wednesday in January, or on such other
day as the General Assembly may prescribe."
42d Cong. 1st Sess<—No. 18.
In pursuance of that power granted to the
General Assembly, on the 25th of October
last, the Legislature of Georgia passed this
act:
"That from and after the passago of this act the
time for the annual meeting of tho Legislature
shall be the first Wednesday in November of each
and every year, beginning with tho year 1SH, and
that there shall bo no annual meeting after the
adjournment of this session until said time,"
Now, there being 110 annual meeting of the
Legislature until next November, and no Legis-
lature chosen and organized to elect the Sen-
ator, and one having been elected by the pre-
vious Legislature, presentinga^rma/aac case
here, your committee thought it best to report
it back and recommend that Mr. Blodgett be
sworn in, and the matter can be hereafter
investigated. Before the next session of Con-
gress there will have been another meeting of
the Georgia Legislature, and the whole ques-
tion can then be determined. That is the rec-
ommendation of tlie committee; and I have
stated in brief the reasons for it.
Mr. TIIUIUIAN. Mr. President, it is not
my purpose to go into tho full argument of
these cases now, but only to state them so
clearly, I hope, that they may be understood
by the Senate, and to make a very few obser-
vations upon them, reserving tho right here-
after to consider them more at large should
that becomc necessary. My principal object
now is to point out the distinction between the
two cases.
Contrary to any practice that has ever pre-
vailed, without a single precedent for it as far
as I am aware, the Committee on Privileges
and Elections has embraced the case of a Sena-
tor elect from Alabama, and a Sonator-elect, or
claiming to be elect., from Georgia, in the same
resolution, and that compels us to consider
both those cases. The recommendation of the
committee is that they be allowed to take their
seats, and that the investigation of tho grounds
on which their right to seats is contested shall
be asubjeetof future action. Now, in respect
to that proposition I have to say this : that
where a member of this body is elected by a
Legislature competent to elect him, and pre-
sents to the body the proper credentials of his
election, it is right, and such has been the uni-
form usage of the Senate, to admit him to his
seat, and if there bo ground of contest to con-
sider that afterward; and that upon these plain
grounds : first, that his credentials are prima
facia evidence of his right to aseat, and entitle
him to take it and to hold it until that prima
facie ease is overthrown by testimony ; and
secondly, that any other course would deprive
the State of representation until an investiga-
tion could be had.
Now, sir, I do not know one single instance
in which that rule has been departed from. I
have read every contested-election case that
has happened in the Senate from the organ-
ization of the Government down to this day ;
within the last two weeks I have read them
all; and I find not one single decision to the
contrary. The only case that might be sup-
posed to be to the contrary is that of Mr.
Thomas, of Maryland ; but upon an investiga-
tion it will be found that that is no exception
to the rule. There Mr. Thomas was not allowed
to take his seat; but the reason why he was
not allowed to take it was that the Committee
on the Judiciary found, and so did the Senate,
that he could not take the oath of office with-
out the commission of perjury. That was the
opinion of a majority of the Senate. I may say
in passing that in my judgment it was a very
erroneous opinion indeed ; one that did great
injustice to him and great injustice to the State
of Maryland; but that is not now under con-
sideration. He was only prevented from tak-
ing his seat because he could not qualify ; so
that the rule that when a Senator elected by
a body competent to elect produces here the
proper evidence of his election he is entitled
to take his seat, and to hold it until ousted
upon sufficient evidence, has 110 single excep-
tion in the practice or usages of the Senate.
It is therefore perfectly clear that these two
gentlemen are entitled to take their seats if they
have the proper credentials of election and if
they were elected by bodies competent to elect
them.
Now, in respect to Mr. Goldthwaite there is
no question that he was clected by a body com-
petent to elect a Senator ; and nobody denies
that there was a legal Legislature in the State
of Alabama. Nobody questions that; nobody
denies that that was the proper Legislature to
elect the Senator, so that the objection to
Mr. Goldthwaite does not go upon the ground
that the body that elected him had no jurisdic-
tion to elect, or that it was not a legal Legisla-
ture ; and his case therefore comes fairly and
fully within tho precedent set by the Senate
from the very organization of the Government
down to this time. He was elected by a legal
Legislature; it was the Legislature chosen
next before the vacancy occurred, and he, pre-
sents here the proper credentials of his elec-
tion. Ho therefore is plainly entitled to take
his seat; and if there be anything iu the grounds
upon which his right is contested, that is a
subjcct of future investigation.
But the case of Mr. Blodgett is wholly dif-
ferent. Tho question is, does ho present a
prima facie case? I say he does not present
a prima facie case; because not only must
a man have a commission in order to make
v. prima facie case, but he must have been
clected by a body competent to elect him. Yon
might as well say that if a person claiming to
he a Senator hero should present, the commis-
sion of a Governor, and wo had the evidence
before us that ho was electcd by a town meet-
ing instead of by a Legislature, that would
make a prima facie case. It makes no prima
facie case. You have no investigation of
facts to ascertain; everything necessary to the
decision of Mr. Blodgett's easo is before the
Senate and must be before tho Senate. Let
us sec.
The objection to his talcing his seat is that he
was chosen by a Legislature that had no juris-
diction to elcct liim, that ho was chosen in plain
violation of tho act of Congress upon tho sub-
ject of tho election of Senators; that he was
not chosen by the Legislature elected next
before the happening of tho vacancy. Are
these facts before tho Senate? They are before
the Senate, because tho Senate sitting in this
ease, like every other court, is bound to take
notice of the history of the country ; it is bound
to take notice of the laws of the country, it
takes notice of the laws of the country ; it takes
notice of tho constitutions of the States; it takes
notice of the laws of the States in regard to the
election of members of this body.
What, then, is the law? Here is your own
statute which declares, in as plain language as
can be used, that the Senator shall be elected
by the Legislature elioeen next before the
happening of the vacancy. No language can
be plainer than that. That, of course, you take
notice of. In the next place, you take notice
of the constitution of the State of Georgia,
which, at the time this man was elected or said
to be elected to the Senate, provided for the
election of another Legislature before the
vacancy would occur.
Mr. Blodgett was elected in February, 1870,
by a Legislature chosen in April, 1868. By
the constitution of Georgia, which this Senate
is bound to take notice of, which it has taken
notice of by declaring that it is a constitution
republican in form, declaring that in an act of
Congress—by that constitution, as it existed
at the time Mr. Blodgett was elected, a Legis-
lature was to be chosen in November, 1870.
Now, we know as matter of history that n
Legislature was actually elected, the time of
election being postponed by an act of the
Legislature from November until December;
that on the -20th, the 21st, and the 22d days
of last December the people of Georgia elected
a Legislature for that State. That Legislature,
