1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-KESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
42b Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
largely a participant. That charge was pre-
ferred, I think, in the ninth article of impeach-
ment. He was impeached on the ground of
his complicity with this railroad swindle, and
*.hat article was voted, as testified to before
I he committee, not only by the Democrats, but
by all the white Republicans in the house of
lepresentatives, and the statement of the tel-
egraph is that he was convicted upon that
article by a vote of forty-one to eight, includ-
ing four of the Republican senators.
Mr. SCOTT. I only correct the Senator
in this much in all the essential particulars of
his statement: Governor Holden was indicted
upon eight articles of impeachment, all of
which referred to the insurrection in Alamance
aiul Caswell counties, and the arrest of pris-
oners, and paying the militia ; and after those
eight articles were preferred, and the issue
made on tbem, the house of representatives
did pass the article to which he refers by per-
haps nearly the vote which he mentioned, but
Governor Holden was never tried on that arti-
cle. No evidence has been given upon it, and
he has not been convicted upon it at i\U.
Mr. BLAIR. He was impeached apon it.
Mr. SCOTT. Moving impeachment and
conviction are entirely different matters.
Mr. BLAIR. He was impeached on it by
'his own friends.
Mr. SCOTT. If that be so it only shows
that his own friends would not screen fraud
in dealing with railroad bonds, much less in
hanging negroes.
Mr. BLAIR. They could not help them-
selves.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish your friends would
have helped justice, for if they had they could
have been convicted.
Mr. BLAIR. They had no chance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
THOifT in the chair.) Senators must address
the Chair.
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator from Penn-
sylvania allow me to state how that matter
was ?
Mr. SCOTT. If it does not take long.
Mr. POOL. There was an effort made origin-
ally to put a count in the impeachment articles
charging this fraud upon Governor Holden;
and 1 think all of Governor Holden's friends
desired that that count should go in, because
they were confident it would turn out upon
investigation that he was not guilty at all, but
that many ofthe leading Democrats were guilty,
and some Republicans, too. So they did not'
put it in, though they had the power to do so
in the house. After the trial had commenced,
and the issue had been joined in the impeach-
ment court, then, as it was supposed for effect,
the house went to work and got up an amend-
ment to the impeachment articles charging
this fraud. The Republicans in the house,
certainly all the white Republicans, voted for
it. They wanted it in. It passed the house
of representatives, as I understood. There was
no objection on the part of Governor Holden's
counsel to allowing the articles to be amended
in that regard. But, sir, they never carried
it into the senate and asked that the amend-
ment should be put in there. The Republicans
of the State wanted it there. The Democrats
did not dare to put it in. It shows that the
action of the house was merely meant for effect,
and when they saw no objection was to be made
to inserting it they backed down and never
carried it to the Senate bar.
Mr. BLAIR. I never heard before that a
man's friends would deliberately, in a matter
as grave as that, charge hira with a deliberate
fraud, for the sake of that kind of finesse in
politics. It shows that Governor Holden's
friends must have had very little respect for
him, if they could deliberately aid in charging
him with fraud for such a purpose.
Mr. POOL. If the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will allow me one moment further, Gov-
ernor Holden had been charged in the public
prints of the country with this fraud, and his
friends desired an investigation in justice to
him, and it ought to have been had. It was
denied him. But the Senator says here that
he was convicted upon it. That is a mistake,
which I want to corract. He has not been
convicted upon it. He was not tried upon it.
Mr. SCOTT. I only refer to this matter
of the public debt because it is urged in ths
minority report that it was one of the causes
why these outrages were committed. Now,
sir, this issue commenced in the canvass of
1870. I have shown the period over which
these outrages run. I have shown that they
originated to overthrow the reconstruction
acts, and that they come down beyond the
presidential election of 1808. But this issue
being made in 1870, and being dragged in here
for the purpose of excusing these outrages,
let me show what Judge Battle himself says
on this subject. After he had been examined
at full length in regard to the State indebted-
ness, this question was put to him :
Question. But the Ku Klux organization did not
grow out of the extravagance of tho State adminis-
tration V
Answer. I do not think it did; but then they were
kept up for tho purpose of defeating that party.
The Ku Klux organization was kept up
"for the purpose of defeating that party,"
having been originated, as I have already
shown. On page 236, and there are other
pages to whice 1 shall not refer, this question
was asked by Daniel N. Goodloe :
Question. Have these questions of prudenoe in the
management orissuing of bonds in any ease affected
the public peace; has disorder or violence arisen
from it?
Answer. No, sir, I do not know that it has, except
it be a sort of recklessness which it was calculated to
produce.
Question. Did personal violence result in any case
from the feeling engendered from that party contest?
Anrwer. No, sir. I know of ouo instance, that
occurred recently, where Mr. Turner, the editor of
the Sentinel, had made frequent offensive allusions
to General Clingman iu connection with the matter,
and his connection with the "ring," I think he
called it. He ridiculed him a great deal, too, m one
way and another; and one day near the copitol they
had an altercation.
Question. That was a personal altercation ?
AnswerYes, sir.
Question. My question was, did the agitation of
that question organize or oreate violence on one side
or the other?
Answer. Oh ! no, sir I
So that charge disappears; the State debt
has nothing to do with these outrages and
these disorders in the State of North Carolina.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator this .question : in view of the excuse
set up for these crimes by reference to the
mismanagement of State affairs, I should like
to ask if those Ku Klux ever punished any of
the persons charged with the commission of
any of those crimes ?
Mr. SCOTT. My recollection is that the
names of the presidents of the different rail-
roads that got these bonds were given; that
upon the examination of Mr. Turner, the chief
Democratic editor of the State, he had made
the impression that Governor Holden had
appointed all these presidents. But on cross-
examination it turned out that they were ap-
pointed by the directors; that the stockhold-
ers selected one third of the directors and the
State appointed two thirds of them, and that
those directors, in selecting presidents, selected
three Republicans and three Democrats; that
Swepson, the original president of the road,
that got the largest amount of the bonds, was
a Democrat; that Littlefield, who was asso-
ciated with him from the North, was a Repub-
lican; that General Clingman, who was asso-
ciated with him, was a Democrat; and that
Mr. Davidson, who was one of the directors,
was a Democrat; and not a hair of any of
them has been harmed by the Ku Klux. So
far as the other roads were concerned that got
the bonds, two of the presidents were Demo-
crats, three were Republicans. And thus far
there is no evidence that a single railroad
man has ever been harmed by the Ku Klux in
North Carolina for any of the frauds upon the
State.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator will remember
that the State has offered a reward for Little-
field of $5,000; and there is evidence that the
Governor of Blorida is protecting him against
a requisition from the Governor of North Car-
olina.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask tho
Senator a question in that connection. He
says the State has offered a reward for Little-
field. He is the Republican, is he?
Mr. BLAIR. I suppose he is.
Mr. MOKTON. Has it offered any reward
for those fraudulent Democrats who got the
bigger part of the bonds?
Mr. BLAIR. They have Swepson in arrest
now.
Mr. SCOTT. They have Swepson in arrest,
and he lias been held to bail.
Mr. BLALR. The other man ran away.
Mr. MORTON. And that was done by a
Republican Governor.
Mr. BLAIR. The other man being simply
a carpet-bagger, and having no interest there,
went off, and is now under the protection of
the carpet-bag Governor of Florida.
Mr. MORTON. That you do not know, I
presume.
Mr. BLAIR.
mony.
Mr. SCOTT.
Mr. BLAIR,
arrest.
Mr. SCOTT.
I do know it from the tcsti-
Swepson is a Democrat.
And he is in prison or under
Very well. I am stating the
fact that Swepson is a Democrat. This State
indebtedness is complained of as a monstrous
evil, one which is confiscating the means of
all the property-holders of North Carolina;
and Swepson, a Democrat and a native North
Carolinian, is the man who lias been the chief
instrument in the frauds that have been con-
nected with it. He is on trial before a jury;
while Outlaw was a Republican, guilty of no
crime, and sixty-five Democrats, without court
or jury, hung him to the limb of a tree within
forty yards of the court-house door. That is
the contrast.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator makes state-
ments as reckless as that, asserting that that
was done by sixty-five Damocrats, 1 leave it to
the country to judge of a man who is so utterly
reckless as to make such a statement, about
which he knows nothing and can know noihing.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I will state again
that the Democrats of North Carolina are not
all Ku Klux. but the Ku Klux in North Caro-
lina are all Democrats, according to the tes-
timony of every man who has testified. That
is the distinction ; and the Ku Klux did hang
YVyatt Outlaw, and the counsel of the Ku Klux,
when they were discharged upon writ of habeas
corpus, Judge Battle himself, testifies to the fact
that there can be no donbt on the mind of any
living man that the Ku Klux did hang Wyatt
Outlaw. That is tho distinction of justice in
North Carolina now.
I do not wish to be responsible for making
such a long speech. There have been so many
speeches interjected into my remarks by otbers
that I am occupying longer time than I intended.
The election had this issue thrown into it,
theStatedebt, ofNorth Carolina, and thatissue,
coupled with the intimidation of the negro
voters, threw the Legislature into the hands
of the Democratic party. The Governor was
in the way when the Democratic party got the
Legislature. There was a law on the statute-
book that made it a penal offense to ride
masked and disguised, and to commit these
outrages. There was another that authorized
the Governor, when he believed person and
