1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-EESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
part without discipline, and, of course, under very
imperfect subordination. A large portion of those
from Philadelphia and the adjacent county were
hired substitutes, the very worst kind of military
mercenaries, actuated by no higher motive than the
expectation of plunder, nnd the bounty and pay
held out as inducements. The militia generally.who
served in their classes, were actuated by better feel-
ings, and restrained by worthy motives. The Jersey
volunteers and militia are spoken of more favorably;
they were under the command of Governor Howell,
while the Pennsylvania troops were commanded by
Generals Irvine and Chambers. Those of Maryland
were under General Smith, and the Virginia troops
under General Morgan."—lira^kenridae's History oj
{heWeitern Insurrection., page267.
41A very large proportion of the recruits, especially
the hired substitutes, were greater ruffians than the
worst of those who bad taken part in the insurrec-
tion. Two men were assassinated by them; one on
the rond near Lebanon, and the other nearCarlisle ;
the first by the New-Jersey troops, on some slight
prov o cation ; the other by a light-horseman of Phila-
delphia, who went into the country to seize some
persons suspected of assisting to raise a liberty pole !
The latter was asiek boy, who was flying from the
guardians of the law. and shot, as it is said, acci-
dentally."—J bid., p. 268.
Mr. SCOTT. Thus, it will be seen, Mr. Pres-
ident, that complaints against the conduct of
militia troops ordered to put down insurrec-
tions are not new in the history of the country;
and "gentlemen" who, by their silent acqui-
escence or active participation, have counten-
anced murder and whipping and scourging,
ouglitto be a little slow in complaining if they
are not furnished with parlors and kid gloves
when they are taken prisoners under the oper-
tion of military law, made necessary by such
a state of things.
This, then, is the complaint, one of the jus-
tifications that are given here; that after the
occasion had arisen for proclaiming martial
law, the wrong men were sent to put it down.
Let that go for what it is worth. It is for that
Governor Holden has been impeached ; it is
for that he has been convicted ; and there is
testimony given here to warrant the belief that
the man who prepared the articles of impeach-
ment against him, and who moved them in the
house of representatives is a member of the
Ku Klux Klan. On page 20, on page 143, and
on page 87. of the testimony are statements
made, clearly stating that Strudwick, the man
who prepared the articles of impeachment, is
a member of that Klan. Looking at the char-
acter of the oath, at the manner in which its
members view it. at what they have already
done, who could doubt the result of the im-
peachment, founded upon Governor Holden's
conduct in putting down the Ku Klux Klan,
if there are more members of it m the Legis-
lature than that one? I do not say tnere are,
for I do not know; hut it is a reasonable pre-
sumption that there are.
What is the result? It is a proclamation to
the Ku K.lux of North Carolina that there will
be no more martial law for such outrages as
these. Suppose they did cease comparatively
from August of last year, what would be the
explanation of it? Willeford gave the explan-
ation of it. Tliey have the power they sought
for. But to guard against all contingencies
they repealed the law which made it an offense
to go masked; they repealed the law which
authorized the declaring of a county in insur-
rection ; and even if there be Ku Klux out-
rages in the future, they can neither be indicted
for it under that State law nor punished by
military law. So that they have secured im-
punity and proclaimed !t to the State by the
impeachment of Governor Holden. What the
future may bring forth it is not for ns to say.
I shall rejoice if my fears on that subjcct be
not realized.
• Elaving gone over these grounds, I feel that
I ought to draw what I have to say to a close,
for my strength will not enable me to go on
and discuss, as I should like to do, the attacks
that have been made on the character of the
witnesses or the proposed remedies for these
evils. I must hp brief on both those subjects.
I have already incidentally noticed the
charges against Holden, Kirk, Bergen, and W.
R. Albright; but I mustsav a word or two with
reference to this man Boyd, whose testimony
has been attacked as unsupported, and against
whom there seems to be a desire to make a
crusade. That man struck everyone, I think,
who heard hira testify as a clear-headed, well-
disciplined young lawyer. He is, I suppose,
about thirty years of age, from his appearance.
He was a candidate on the Democratic ticket
for the Legislature in July, 1870, when the
military were ordered into Alamance county.
Every man who has been examined who knew
him without exception testified to his good
character. There is not a man who says he
did not stand well as a citizen and as a lawyer.
And now, with a character made good during
a life of thirty years among the people wi! '
whom he lived, the only thing that is charged
against him is that when the military came into
that county to enforce martial law he signed
that confession and made the disclosure of the
existence and purposes of the Ku Klux Klan.
But, sir, another charge is made here. It is
now alleged that he was bribed, and that he
had the bribe in his pocket. It is in evidence
that after these arrests were made Governor
Holden did retain him and pay him a fee of
$250 to assist in the prosecution of the men
who were arrested. That Governor Holden
paid it to him before he made this statement
and confession there is no evidence whatever ;
and if there were, does my friend from Dela-
ware, who complains of the corruption of the
Radical Legislature of North Carolina, and of
the indignation caused by it, come here to
proclaim that the price of Democratic candi-
dates for the Legislature of North Carolina is
$'250 a head? Is that the way you rate them
down there ? No, sir ; he was above bribery,
and to this day there is not a man who urges
anything against, him but the disclosure he
has made against this wicked organization.
He is not a common informer. He is not
prosecuting a qui tam action, as the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurmau] would seem to inti-
mate when he brands him a common informer
to recover and share a penalty. He has made
a disclosure which has brought upon him the
social ostracism of the Democratic party of
the county in which he lives; and if there was
a doubting Thomas on that subject, he would
not doubt after listening to the argument of
the Sei.ator from Delaware and the maledic-
tion of the Senator from Ohio upon this man
as a common informer, That is the fate the
man must meet who opposes this organization
in that atmosphere.
There are other witnesses. AH the judges,
all the revenue officers and other witnesses, are
bundled together in this minority report and
characterized as men who arc not worthy of
belief; and they say that the majority of the
committee have found this state of things ex-
isting in North Carolina against the testimony
of respectable men and on the testimony of
men who are not entitled to belief. There
were six of the judiciary of North Carolina
before the committee. I know the charge is
made against them by Josiah Turner that they
were corrupt. He charged them all with being
corrupt; he made a wholesale charge ; and
yet a reference to the testimony will showthat
when he is brought down to details, and taken
over the whole twelve judicial circuits of the
State, man by man, he excepts ten of them
from the charge, and said the other two were
corrupt because they would not give him bench
warrants when he wanted them. So I must say
that the charge here is a little like that of
Josiah Turner against the judiciary of North
Carolina! If further refutation were needed
it is found in thestatement made in the minority
report that life and property are as secure m
that State as anywhere in the North, for they
never can be secure in a State where there is
a corrupt judiciary.
I look for a moment at the number of cases
that are given as showing this state of disorder
in North CSrolina. There are one hundred
and thirty two by name in the list given, twelve
of which are murders. There are numerous
others that cannot be given by name. I do not
wish to conceal the fact that in the state of
terror that exists among many of the wit-
nesses in North Carolina it would be singular
if there was not some exagseration in regard
to the atrocity of reputed offenses. I suppose
there is. But when names and dates are given
there can be no allegation that the offenses
have not been committed. I know my friend
from Delaware made an argument that the
absence of conviction gave rise to the infer-
ence that the eases did not exist. It reminded
me very much of old Squire Holt's explana-
tion of the Ku Klux to Caswell, that it was a
mystery, "a kind of resurrection," when the
Senator said that one hundred and thirty-two
cases proved by name and no conviction rather
gave the inference that no cases existed to be
tried.
The Senator says, why do you not remove
your cases? Well, sir, they might be removed
to another circuit, before another judge, before
another jury; what becomes of the witnesses
who are to stand in solid phalanx around their
sworn confederate when he is charged with
crime? There is the testimony of Willeford that
they are bound to stand by him in the jury box,
bound tostand by him on the witness-stand, and
acquit in one place or the other. Diminish this
list if you can. Raze down the horrible cata-
logue as much as you can. I wish it could all
bo blotted from the history of our country. It is
a foul stain upon its annals thatever in any State
one hundred and thirty-two citizens could be
shot, scourged, and murdered, and no offender
brought to justice. I wish they could be blot-
ted out; but there it is and will remain, a foul
blot upon the history of the land.
The statement was made that all these out-
rages were committed eighteen months ago.
My friend from Delaware was mistaken in that.
Some witness did state that there had not been
any in one county for the last eighteen months ;
but, sir, the list which I have given brings
down offenses to February, 1870, a, year ago,
and the testimony shows that while the com-
mittee \vas sitting and examining witnesses
outrages of this character were being commit-
ted in some portions of North Carolina.
This, then, is the evil. Here is a banded,
secret, sworn organization for a political pur-
pose; and that political purpose is carried out
by crime.
Now, Mr. President, comes the question,
What remedy are we to apply to it? This is
the troublesome question. Theresolution con-
templates instruction to the Judiciary Com-
mittee to bring in a bill. My views may be
different from those of other Senators oa this
subject; I entertain them honestly, and I can-
not but.express them, although they shall not
be at any length, because 1 do not wish to
enter into such a discussion before any bill is
reported.
Starting with the civil rights bill, what have
we? We have the declaration that all persons
born in the United States are citizens of the
United States and entitled to all their civil
rights in every State and Territory; that the
deprivation of any of these rights shall be a
cause of action in the United States courts in
any case, civil or criminal, where a remedy is
denied or cannot be enforced in the State
courts. We have the right given to the circuit
courts to appoint any number of commission-
ers that may be necessary to carry it out. We
have the right given to the marshals to call
upon the Army and Navy to assist them in
executing process, and the right given to the
