278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
the officers. It would be much more econom-
ical to rent a few buildings for that purpose.
If I remember correctly, the city of Leaven-
worth is but two miles from Fort Leavenworth,
a very short ride, and a part of the officers at
the time I was there did live in the city of
Leavenworth, and a majority of them will con-
tinue to live in the city in all human probabil-
ity. Atall events, it will be far more econom-
ical on the part of this Government to rent a
few houses in the city of Leavenworth for the
use of the officers during the winter than to
put up edifices of this kind, permaneut build-
ings for their headquarters, ata fort that must
in a very few years cease to be of any use to
the Government. In a very little time Kan-
sas will be like Iowa, without need of the pro-
tection of soldiers, so far as the presence of
savages is concerned. The Government is now
moving the Indians from that State as rapidly
as it can to other points. The Indians will be
out of the State of Kansas in a very short time.
It will be covered with a white population. The
troops will not then be needed there, and they
ought to be wintered very near the points where
their services will be required during the spring,
summer, and autumnal months.
If for temporary purposes a small appropri-
ation is made for the shelter, for the protec-
tion of the troops and horses during the coming
winter, or for a winter or two, I should be
willing to vote the necessary appropriation,
bat not to build up costly edifices for head-
quarters or for barns. I can very well under-
stand why the honorable Senators from Kansas
would defend this appropriation. The money
is to be expended in their own State. In a
very short time we shall be called on to vote
this reservation to the city of Leavenworth for
city purposes. If that city shall grow, as it
doubtless will, it will soon spread all over this
ground; it will be needed for city purposes,
and these buildings, of course, will continue
to be useful to somebody. I cannot blame the
honorable Senators for advocating a liberal
appropriation for this purpose, but with the
facts that are before the Senate it seems to me
we are not justifiable in voting so much.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not the Senators
from Kansas who need justification; but how
do you justify the Department in urging it?
Mr. HAIiLAN. As I understand, it is rec-
ommended first by one of the generals of the
Army in the field. Of course a general in
command of a regiment or two of troops would
prefer to have fine headquarters built for him
which he will get free for a residence during
the winter. It would not matter very mate-
rially to him what the cost might be. He would
prefer a fine residence to one of less propor-
tions and less valae. As has been well said by
the honorable Senator from Illinois, who has
had a practical experience in Army matters
and has had some service, as we all know, on
the plains, the officers of the Army are not usu-
ally very economical in their estimates; they
estimate enough to build what structures they
want. They are to be their homes for the time
being, and the better they are the better they
will like them. I do not find fault with them for
this.^ They spend their lives in their country's
service, and ought to be properly provided for ;
but, as I before observed, 1 think it would be
more economical to rent a house for the gen-
eral who commands these troops for the winter
than that we should build one, when we all
foresee that it will be needed for only a brief
period of time.
I think it would be much better to reduce
this sum to $00,000; to strike out the -'three
hundred'' and leave the "fifty" stand. Fitly
thousand dollars will build barracks sufficient
to protect four hundred more horses, and tem-
porary buildmy,5 fur the protection of two or
three hundred more men, «nd it, is by no means
certain that they will be moved Ihete this next
winter. If they should be needed in the
Indiau country to keep in subjection the
jftowas, Comauches, and Arapahoes, who are
now quite uneasy, as we learn, they Will be
down there and not in Kansas at all. It is by
no means certain that we shall need accommo-
dations forathousand cavalry at Leavenworth,
and we were told by one of the Senators from
Kansas that we already have provisions suffi-
cient for six hundred cavalry there, horses and
men. If there is any probability that there
will be a temporary need during the coming
year for shelter and protection for four hun-
dred more I would be willing to vote an appro-
priation for that purpose, but I object to put-
ting up permanent, costly edifices at that post.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. MOliRILL, of Vermont. Allow me a
word.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator from Kansas if he will not accept an
amendment. As it seems that we do not need
many soldiers now in Kansas, and do need
them further south, I ask whether he will not
accept an amendment to strike out "Port
Leavenworth" and insert "Meridian, Missis-
sippi." I think we want a camp there.
Mr. POMEROY. I would as soon put in
Montpelier; they may want it there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have no
Ku Klux or Indians up there.
Mr. COLE. I presume the Senator from
Kansas will hardly adopt the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont, and therefore I
will proceed to say what I have to say, and I
shall bo very brief indeed.
This city of Leavenworth, so near to this
camp, is a very thriving city ; it is spreading
its borders very fast, and I believe Congress
has already been called upon on two occasions
to yield portions of this reservation for city
purposes. It is evident, as was suggested by
the Senator from Iowa, that in a very short
time the city will spread over all this reser-
vation, and then it will be inconvenient to have
a military post within the city.
The Senator from Iowa is entirely consistent
in his opposition to this measure. We are
either fighting the Indians or we are feeding
them. He the other day argued very strongly
in favor of feeding them, and his arguments
were so' overwhelming that he succeeded in
putting upon this bill an appropriation of
$250,000 for that purpose, the argument being
that in that way we could preserve peace with
the Indians and dispense with the necessity of
troops to keep them quiet. That has been
done : that provision is now a part of this bill.
Now the proposition is turned over, and we
are asked to make further costly appropria-
tions for fighting them, and this proposition is
by no means in harmony with the other. I
believe the appropriation of over six million
dollars, as it now stands in the law and in this
bill, for feeding Indians and taking care of
| them, will obviate the necessity for any further
military preparations to keep them quiet,
j Mr. President, I rose for the purpose of
i moving to lay this amendment on the table. I
f make that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I want the yeas and nays.
'The Senator tried it yesterday, andthe Senate
would not lay it on the table.
I! The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
j! taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Bueking-
j ham. Cole, Corbett, Cragin.DavisofKentucky, Davis
i of West Virginia, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of
, Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, liamlin, Kelly, Alor-
, rilfof Vermont,Patterson. Pratt, Sherman,Steven-
! son, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
! Wright—24.
I XAYS—Messrs. Blair, ilrowniow, Caldwell, Cas-
serly, Chandh r, Clayton, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
■ luigliuyscn, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kellogg, Logan, Morton, Pomeroy, Xiamsey, R'oe,
; Schtn-z,Stewart, Stockfor, Sumner, and West—2'j,
j, ABSENL'—Messrs. Ames, iiayaid. Cameron, Car-
> penter, Conklulg, Coupes, denton. Ferry of Cou-
], liecticiit, Flanagan. Howe, Lewis, Alurrill of Maine,
: ^ye, Osborn, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
ji hcott, Speneer, Spragac, Wilson, and Windom—23.
j! So the amendment was ordered to lie on the
. tabic.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section :
Sec. — . That section fourteen of the act entitlod
"An act making appropriations lor sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending Juno
30.1871, and for other purposes," approved July 15,
1870, bo, and the same is hereby, repealed.
By a treaty made with the Shawnee Indians
on the 10th of May, 1854, provision was made
that they should receive a tract of land ; that
it should be ceded to them. Provision was
also made that a portion of the Black Bob
band of Indians might, if they should so elect,
select for each member of the band two hun-
dred acres in severalty. Provision was also
made in the treaty that patents should be
issued to the parties making selections.
A portion of the band have made these selec-
tions, and patents have been issued to sixty-
nine of them. Sixty-four others have made
selections and made applications for patents,
but in an appropriation bill which passed at
the last session provision was made by which
the Secretary of the Interior was directed to
stay proceedings and was prevented from issu-
ing patents according to the treaty and the
law. I will read the act:
"That the Secretary of tho Interior is hereby
directed to withhold patents for any portion of tho
lands known as the Black Bob Indian lands in Kan-
sas, and also to withhold his approval of all transfers
of said lands, and to permit peaceable occupancy by
all settlers or Indians now residing thereon, until
further action of Congress in relation thereto, with-
out prejudice to existing rights."
It is to repeal that part of the law of last
year that I propose now this amendment.
I will say still further that the Secretary of
the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs are greatly embarrassed by not being
able to carry out the provisions of the treaty
and the law made in pursuance of the treaty,
and they ask that this restriction be removed;
and it appears to me to be an act of justice
toward the Indians and an act of duty on the
part of the Government.
Mr. COLE. Without reference to the merits
of the proposition, I think it is obnoxious to
the rule we have already established, and can-
not be offered to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the point of order is well taken.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. What is the point
of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was held
by the permanent Presiding Officer yesterday,
in the case of an amendment offered, the Chair
thinks, by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Fiielinghuysen,] that no amendment can be
put on this deficiency bill which would be
excluded by the rule adopted the other day
restricting the business of the session.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would inquire if
this is of that character, in the opinion of the
Chair, so as to be excluded by that rule?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not
appear to be to supply any deficiency.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is in conformity
with the provisions of a law and a treaty. It
is to enable the Government to carry out the
provisions of that treaty and to execute the
j law made in accordance with those provis-
ions.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will allow
me, I will say that the ruling of the Vice Pres-
ident was that amendments to the appropria-
tion bill, under the order made the other day,
must be germane to the bill. Here is a prop-
osition to repeal an act passed by Congress
suspending the issuing of certain patents. It
has no more to do with an appropriation bill
than it has to do with the North pole. It might,
but for the order which was made, have been
offered, because but for that order any amend-
ment might be offered, germane or not ger-
mane; but the effect, of the order made by the
Senate limiting the business we should con-
sider at this session is, in the opinion of tho
Vice President—arid 1 suppose nobody con-
tests that—to limit amendments to matters
that are germane to the appropriation bill.
