40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. •
[March 27,
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Howe.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
President to use the Army and the Navy and
the militia, not simply to execute the law, but
to prevent its violation.
The statutory rights conferred by tlie civil
rights act in '1866 were made Constitutional
rights by tbeadoptionof the fourteenth amend-
ment. We have power to carry that out by
appropriate legislation. If there be any doubt
about the validity of the civil rights act or the
enforcement of its remedies, in consequence of
the intervention of the constitutional amend-
ment between that date and this, it is reen-
acted by the act of the 14th of July, 1870, and
a sixth section put in which would cover any
description of offense against the rights of any
citizen of the United States.
We have on the statute-book a law passed
within t°n days of the battle of Bull Run to
punish all conspiracies and seditions that are
formed for the purpose of resisting the laws
or Government of the United States.
We have all these. And with all these, what
are you to do with an organization that skulks
abroad at nightin disguise, and has succeeded
in committing such a list of cases of murder
and whipping in one State, and prevented a
single man of their organization from being
punished by a court of justice? Let it not be
said this is the fault of the Executive or of the
judiciary. Darkness and disguise cover their
deeds; identification is difficult; and when
attempted organized perjury strikes down the
arm of justice. What are you to do with it?
What is it? Is it not armed insurrection ? Is
itnot domestic violence, when seventy-fivemen
of such an organization ride out with arras in
their hands and hang a man before the court-
house door? What will you say it is? All
history teaahes us that when great crises are
coming upon us we are too slow to appreciate
the magnitude of the evil. There stands that
law on the statute-book, of the 31st of July,
1801, iigaitit-t conspiracy and treason ; and
although there have been half a million trai-
tors in arms since that date, not a man has
ever been convicted under it in a court of
justice in this country. It attests the import-
ance of penal statutes to arrest a running tide
of treason.
Over violent laws against a precedent have
always failed. I think it was the 21st Richard
II which enacted that even the intent todepose
or to kill the king should be high treason with-
out an overt act; and in two years after the
act was passed Richard 11 was both deposed
and muidered. No, sir; the truth is this: in
North Carolina forty thousand, according to
estimate—it may be too much or it may be too
little—but certainly many thousands of the
men who were in the rebel army, wearing the
rebel gray, are now at night in the camp of the
Ku Klux Ulan, with the design of overthrow-
ing the reconstruction acts and disfranchising
the negro. And we cannot shut our eyes to the
fact that if the opportunity offers the coiled
serpent is ready to strike. There is the testi-
mony of a witness on the stand, who says that
the subject has been discussed in their camps,
that if we get into a foreign war they will strike
lis in the back. That was the language of
Willeford. There is the intent. And if we
believe it, if we believe that the coiled serpent
is there ready to strike, the heel of power
must be sufficiently shod to bruise its head
when it comes to light.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, (in his seat.)
Yes, there it is again.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir; it is coming exactly
to that.
We did not believe in 18fil, I could not
believe in 1861, that there were men in this
land who would marshal forces which would
meet the armies under the flag of the United
States within ten miles of the capital for the
purpose of destroying this Government. The
Senator from Keutucky did not believe it, sir ;
no man here believed it; and we are slow to
believe now that there are forty thousand men
in North Carolina sworn under oaths to over-
throw the reconstruction acts and to disfran-
chise the negro, and to do it by murder and
blood and violeuce; and yet here are these
men who swear to the existence of such an
organization.
Mr. BAYARD. What proof is there that
there are forty thousand ? ,
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Delaware
asks me what proof there is of there being
forty thousand. Boyd says he had information
from men in the organization that there were
forty thousand. Willeford, who came in later
than Boyd, says the commander of that camp
told him there were sixty thousand.
Mr. BAYARD. Both speaking on hearsay ;
and the Senator makes that allegation 1
Mr. SCOTT. Both speaking on hearsay,
but hearsay from whom? These men were
privates in the camp, and the hearsay is the
statement of the commanding officer of the
camp. Anfl more than that, as you call it to
my mind, the eommandir.g officer of one of
the subordinate camps in the county of Ala-
mance, where these three negroes were con-
victed, and where white Ku Klux cannot be
convicted, is the sheriff of the county, and every
deputy in the county is a member of the Ku
Klux Klan. These are men of intelligence
who would be likely to know the numbers
of their brotherhood. These are facts which
cannot be denied. They are before us. We
are blind to our duty it we do not look them
squarely in the face and meet them.
It is not wise to fire blank cartridge into
the mob. I am willing to go to any constitu-
tional length that we can to intrust the Execu-
tive with power to meet this emergency when
it arises. I pray God it may not arise; but I
think we ought to be ready for it if it comes.
I wish that 1 could close my eyes to this dis-
agreeable truth. It has been forced upon me.
Placed on a committee where it was my duty
to investigate this suhjest, slowly, reluctantly
have I come to this conclusion ; but, as 1 love
my country, as I love its laws, as I love the
perpetuation of its liberties, I cannot close my
eyes to the true state of facts, and I cannot
close my remarks without warning my fellow-
countrymen against the danger that I believe
to be impending. It is not in North Carolina
alone. South Carolina is warned that her
Governor must flee. In one county her offi-
cials have, at the dictation of the mob, laid
down their offices. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Casseely] interposes to ask
me 
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator will excuse
me. 1 did not mean to interrupt him. I.did
not address myself to the Senator.
Mr. SCOTT. I supposed the interrogatory
was addressed to me.
Mr. CASSERLY. It was addressed to the
Senator from Delaware by my side.
Mr. SCOTT. The inquiry is as to the proof.
There was no proof of that before the com-
mittee, for it lias occurred since the commit-
tee reported. I have only the information which
every other man has from the public press that
this baa occurred, except that I had a conver-
sation last night with a gentleman from South
Carolina who says it is true.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have to apologize to
the Senator for speaking inadvertently in so
loud atoneasto makehim suppose I addressed
ray question to him. But as 1 have no doubt
he has already excused me for that, I desire
to suggest to him whether upon such a subject
a gentleman in his position ought to make a
statement about South Carolina which rests
on somebody's report, and that a stafement so
serious.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I make tbestate-
rnent in just the manner I received it. It is in
every newspaper in the land this morning. The
Senator has seen it; he lias equal means of in-
formation with me. When I, as the chairman of
this committee, have before me the sworn evi-
dence of what exists in North Carolina, when
I have from a witness the fact that he traveled
in South Carolina, and that the order does
exist there and extends through the South ;
when I see in the public prints accounts of
similar outrages occurring in South Caro-
lina with those sworn to before this committee,
I must believe that like causes produce like
effects ; and slow as I am to believe that there
is a design to overthrow these State govern-
ments by theseinstrumentalities, thatdisagree-
able truth is being forced home upon every
man. I could not close my eyes to it, and I
think it is my duty here to give this warning.
If it falls unheeded and we find a greater
struggle before us in a few months than we
anticipated, it will only be re'peating the
experiences of the past. If the fear prove
unfounded, or the warning avert the danger,
no one will rejoice more than I.
But, sir, duty must be met. I have no desire
to overdraw this picture. If I could, by stretch-
ing forth my band over these southern States,
restore them all to peace and quietude, stop
this disorder, no man would more willingly do
it. All the feelings of my heart go out in the
warmest desire for the peace and security of
the South. Brothers of my own blood are
there, and I would be recreant to all the dic-
tates of duty, as well as of humanity, if I
said one word that was calculated to give a
wrong impression as to the true slate of affairs.
I do not wish to do it. I wish to see the
honest men, the true men, of the Democratic
parly in the South stand up in the front, as
ex-Governor Reid did. and stay the waves
of this seething mob, lest ere long their own
homes and hearth-stones be buried in the
general anarchy that must ensue. We want
not the government of the mob in this land.
We want a Government iti which the law wilt
be supreme, in which (quoting the thought of
another, for I have not his language) supreme
justice will moderate the wholetone and tenor
of public morals. Justice is the object at
which all Governments should aim. Justiceis
at once the brightest emanation of the Gospel
and the greatest attribute of God. It teaches
the lofty that he cannot sin with impunity. It
teaches the lowly that the law is at once his
protection and his right. And I trust that
before this Congress rises, if we can do noth-
ing else, we shall put some law on the statute-
book which shall satisfy the people of this land
and of the world that we wish again, instead
of disorder and strife, to inaugurate the reign
of that supreme justice which introduces order
and peace and love into a world which but for
her would be a wild waste of passion.
San Domingo.
SPEECH OF HON. TIMOTHY 0. HOWE,
of wisconsin,
In the Senate op the United States,
March 27 and 28, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration Mr. Sum-
ner's resolutions relative to the employment of the
naval forces of the United States in the waters of
San Domingo—
Mr. HOWE said:
Mr. President: If I could utter oue'esfd
that would be heard by this listening nation. I
would invoke it to patience. These tiling
must be. We have it upon the authority of
the Scriptures that in this world it is impossi-
ble but that offenses will come. Trees liave^
their time to fall; so have men also. Who*
has ever witnessed a forest oak rived by
Heaven's lightning without a feeling of sad-
