1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL G-LOBE.
41
42d Cong....1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
ness at its fate? Who can witness the spec-
tacle of a great man wrecked by his own mis-
guided zeal or bis misguided passions without
a feeling akin to pain? And yet, sir, how
often has the spectacle been witnessed 1 Who
has ever dared to tread back on the footsteps
of history toward the beginning of time that
has not been appalled by the countless num-
ber of unburied human wrecks exposed along
his pathway'!
Do you know anywhere, sir, in the annals
of time an example more replete with faith,
with hope, with charity, with all the excel-
lences that can inspire or sustain human effort
than we find in that son of David, who, when in
youth, with the wine of life full within him,
when God had given him rest on every side, when
he could say there was neither "adversary nor
evil occurrence," stretching eagerly forward
to behold the good time coming, could apos-
trophize the future as his "beloved" and
could eing, "The voice of my beloved; behold
he cometh leaping upon the mountains, skip-
ping upon the hills?" Who does not admire
the sweet serenity of spirit which character-
ized the same great man when in middle life,
after he had finished the temple, and when he
stood in the midst of its spleudors, he could
still say, "Receive my instructions and not sil-
ver, and knowledge rather than choice gold?"
Butto Solomon there came a time when all this
steadfastness of soul departed and left him
utterly bankrupt, when in old age he sat down
to recount all his triumphs and his wonderful
experiences, and concluded the whole glow-
ing recital with the petulant exclamation,
" Therefore I hated life because the work that
is wrought under the sun is grievous unto me,
for all is vanity and vexation of spirit."
I know nowhere in human annals au exhibi-
tion of intellectual daring which surpasses that
when Tullius Cicero, the consul, knowing that
the great city was full of perils, knowing that
conspiracy was on every side, seeing the arch-
conspirator himself approach and take his seat
in the senate-house, arose there to confront
the whole brood of felons, arose there to expose
and lay bare every detail of the villainy that
was being plotted about him, overwhelmed
them with dismay and confusion and by the
mere force of his invective drove them howl-
ing out of the city. Poor Tullius ! When he
was sixty years old, and all Italy was dividing
between Pompey and Cffisar, Cicero was a
different style of man. Then you see Cicero
oscillating between city and country and be-
tween one villa and another, clamoring for the
empty honors of a triumph, protesting that he
belonged to the party of Pompey, but trying
his utmost to blacken Pompey with all the
crimes of Sylla and double the crimes of the
Ku Klux of to-day, and yet spending the
utmost of his intellectual gifts in discussing
the merest grammarisms, in the most trifling
verbal criticisms, protesting that when he
would announce his arrival at Piraaus he
should say, " in Pirasum," and not " Pirseus."
Mr. President, he said the reason was either
because Pira;us was a place and not a town
or that it was a town and not a place, and I
declare I forget which the reason was, for I do
not know in which case the preposition should
have been used. Such was Cicero at sixty.
Mr. President, when England had a Catholie
king, do you know of anyone in the history of
our politics who has attacked any iniquity in
the administration of our Government more
vehemently than Sir Edward Seymour attacked
the usurpations of that king and the abuses of
the Romish communion? He went as early as
any man to offer his sword and his aid to the
Prince of Orange. But when James II was
overthrown and a Protestant king seated on the
throne, and English liberty and the English
church was safe, do you know of any man in
our politics who has led a violent faction more
violently than that same Sir Edward Seymour
led a faction against the administration of
William III?
Mr. President, school-boys yet declaim, with
delight they declaim, the impassioned declar-
ation by which the elder Pitt tried to enforce
on the British public the great truth that they
could not conquer the American colonies.
That was when Pitt was himself; that was
when his sympathies and his judgment were
on the side of right and of truth. But when
England had for seven years tried to subdue
the colonies and was already exhausted in
the effort, and when there was allied with the
colonies the whole power of Prance, who can
contemplate without tears almost the picture
of that same Chatham hobbling to his seat in
tie House of Lords, sustained by a son and a
son-in-law, eager to grasp power after he had
lost the last faculty which eould enable him to
wield power, and spending the last ounce of his
strength in a vain effort to prove to the British
Parliament that Great Britain could subdue
the colonies and France united?
Mr. President, in our own history we are
not without illustrations of the truth of the gen-
eral lesson which I wish to convey. When
our forefathers were but a handful, hemmed
in between the Atlantic and the Alleghanies,
when we were British colonies in law and in
fact, who does not remember the earnest, the
almost exultant and joyous spirit with which
Patrick Henry announced as if—and I really
think when 1 read these words that Patrick
Henry believed that every colonist heard him—
when he declared "the war has actually be-
gun." With what earnestness, with what
solemnity, he rallied these scattered colonists
to resist the whole power of England. The re-
sult was a triumph to our arms. That triumph
inaugurated the life of thirteen independent
States. But when those thirteen independent
and sovereign States had resolved themselves
into one great power, and had thus laid the
solid foundations for that glorious career which
the Republic has since run, Patrick Henry,
disgusted with that exercise of wise statesman-
ship, retired to private life, and was no longer
known in the politics of this country either as
prophet or as statesman.
Later still, Mr. President, we have had an
illustration of this truth, and Massachusetts
furnished it. You remember, sir, and I better,
or at least longer remember, for how many
years a great portion of the American people
hung upon a Massachusetts statesman as if he
was, if not the prophet, at least the statesman
who was to deliver us from the great evil
which then threatened the permanency of our
institutions. How long and how steadfastly
we followed and we hung upon the counsels of
Daniel Webster! Mr. President, it is twenty -
one years and twenty days ago this very day
since Daniel Webster, eager for what I will
not undertake to say, arose in the Senate
Chamber and struck hands openly, in the face
of the American people, with the genius of
misrule 1 It was the last time he spoke with
authority to the people of the United States!
Sir, if in 1861 any intelligent American had
been asked to single out the three citizens of
this country who had most influence upon
American opinion, is there a man among
them who would have hesitated to name first
him who then held the office of Secretary of
State, and next him who then held the office
of Secretary of the Treasury, and next the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts who
has addressed the Senate this aflernoou, and
who then held the position of chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations?
Sir, the last we saw of the official career of
the first of that great triumvirate, he had turned
his back upon the hopes, the lessons, and the
friends of his better years, and. he was acting
as master of ceremonies in a political pageant
wherein an itinerant President was the prin-
cipal figure, and whereat the public sense of
decency was profoundly shocked. And but
recently we saw the second of the trio employ-
ing the great authority of the Chief Justice of
the United States to undo and to annul the
most beneficent act of his civil administration.
And to-day, sir, I think the Republican party
at least experiences something of that anguish
which swelled the breast of'Ciesar when he
had already been struck by Casca and Cassius,
and when he saw the third dagger uplifted
in the hand of a dear friend, and there was
wrenched from his agonized bosom the exclam a-
tion" EttuBrute." For to-day we have heard
the remaining member of that great triumvir-
ate, now, while the country still resounds with
that specious rhetoric by which he induced a
reluctant Senate to acquiesce in the purchase
of those frigid and far-off regions about the
pole, to-day, turning a deaf ear to those busy
echoes which bring back to us his own exult-
ant prophecy that "our city can be nothing
less than the whole American continent, with
our gates upon all the surrounding seas;"
to-day that Senator arises here in his place
to employ that same rhetoric, not merely to
oppose the annexation or the acquisition of
au island here at our very doors, but to de-
nounce as a criminal the great Magistrate who
has ventured, in the exercise of a strictly con-
stitutional prerogative, to advise the acquisi-
tion.
Mr. President, Ihavesoughtandhavedesired
the privilege of entering an appearance here
for this illustrious respondent. I shall file no
demurrers. I shall interpose no dilatory pleas.
I tender the general issue; and I go to the
country at once. There is the arraigument, in
eight counts, with an introduction which is not
a count, [holding up the resolutions.]
Mr. SUMNER. There is one more offered
to-day.
Mr. HOWE. I am dismayed almost by the
information that it has grown one count to day.
But I plead to all we have. Reversing what
I believe to be the usage of parliamentary
bodies, and this is one, I will consider first the
preamble.
A preamble should not be a very guilty thing.
It is not intended to assert anything nor to
enact anything. The extent of its office is to
suggest, and not to assert, an excuse for some-
thing that is to be said afterward or is to be
done afterward. The most that you can ask
of a preamble, therefore, is that it should sug-
gest what is true, and not what is not true. Of
this preamble I have this to say: it suggests two
things, and neither of them is true. It sug-
gests that the President of the United States
has employed force to coerce the assent of the
people of San Domingo to annexation ; and it
suggests that that conduct is not only con-
demned by the voice of public law, but that it
is especially condemned by the example which
has been set us by the kingdom of Spain.
Sir, I have to say, in reply to these two sug-
gestions of the preamble, first, that if there
be any authority for the suggestion or insinu-
ation that the President has employed force
to coerce the people of San Domingo, it has
not made its appearance in this Chamber, it
has not fallen under my eye, and therefore I
do not believe it exists ; and secondly, I have
to say that all the force, or pretense of foroe,
which has been employed by the President of
the United States was employed by the Gov-
ernment of "old Spain," to use the language
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
We did send vessels of war to the harbors
of San Domingo. What for? To coerce the
people of San Domingo into annexation? Not
a word of it. To protect them, and only to
protect them, against the assaults of their
neighbors iu Hayti. We did that after we had
negotiated a treaty for annexation, and not
