280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
must pass this coast. Prom the low project-
ing sand-bank called Sandy Hook, opposite
the Narrows, to the similarly formed point of
Cape May, a distance, as I have said, of from
one hundred and ninety to two hundred miles,
the whole eastern coast of New Jersey con-
sists of a long line of sandy beaches, here and
there intercepted by inlets, and inclosing nar-
row, shallow lagoons, behind which extends for
several miles a low marsh tract. For that
reason, the instant the fishing season is over,
by which these surf men make their living, they
can no longer remain on the shore. They are
poor men, poor as they are brave and good, and
when the fishing season is over they pass over
these narrow bfcches and go into the interior,
where there is capacity for them to make a liv-
ing in anotherway and support their families;
so that the coast is entirely deserted during
the winter in many parts. You have seen, dur-
ing the last season, accusations made in the
New York papers against our efficiency in
doing this work, in saving lives and property.
The answer to that—and I have it in corre-
spondence from many points on our coast—is,
that wherever a ship came ashore near these
alternate stations where I induced you to put
these crews the crews were on hand, and
there was not a single life lost, nor any prop-
erty. The vessels that were lost, and for
which we have been charged with having neg-
lected our duty, were lost by coming ashore so
far from these stations that help could not get
to them until they went to pieces. At least,
such is my information, and if it is not pre-
cisely accurate it is sufficiently so for the pur-
poses of my argument.
Mr. President, I hold in ray hand a little
book which contains a history of the life-sav-
ing apparatus and liie-boats, and which has in
the beginning of it an engraving of the wreck-
ing of the Ayrshire on the coast of New Jer-
sey. 1 desire to read a passage or two from
this book, because I wish the Senate to see
and understand that I do not exaggerate in
this matter for the purpose of getting an appro-
priation for New Jersey. I want them to know
it is not for New Jersey. This is not an appro-
priation for New Jersey. We are willing to
help you in doing your duty ; your duty under
the law of nations, under the law of Christian-
ity, your duty toward the world, whose peo-
ple are streaming to your shores; your duty
toward your own ships. Let me say here to
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
who has spent much time, much ingenuity, and
much trouble in trying to ascertain how he can
revive American commerce, how our white
sails shall again be wafted by every breeze,
that although thisisavery small appropriation
to make, and apparently for a remote purpose,
ySfcit will have more effect in reviving American
commerce than the execution of a great many
wild and expensive theories which have been
broached. By having a hospitable, Christian
shore to receive vessels upon when in distress
you will encourage the building of vessels and
enterprise on our own coast by our own peo-
ple, while you will make New York a more
favorite place for foreign vessels to come and
entice business there.
The life car which is used is a sort of boat,
which is described in the book to which I have
referred, and 1 send to tbe desk and ask to
have read the passage which I have marked on
page 20. I thank the Senate for their atten-
tion and this opportunity of explaining the
matter.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
, -tho life-ear is asort of boat formed of copper or
iron and closed over aboveby a convexdeek, with a
Sort ol door or hatch way through it, by which the
pa^engen--, to bo conveyed in it to the shore, are ad-
mitted. The car will hold from four to hvo persons.
(V lien the passengers are put in, the door, or rather
cover, is shut down and bolted to its place, and the
ear is then drawn to tile land, su-Miended by nugs
from a hawser, which has previously been stretched
l'u; snip to tho shore."
'To beshutupiu this manner in so dark and gloomy
areeeptacle, for tlic purpose ol being drawn, perhaps
at midnight, through a suit' of such territic violence
that no boat can live in it, cannot be a very agree-
able alternative, but the emergencies in which the
use of the life-car is called for arc such as do_ not
admitof hesitation or delay. There is no light within
the car, and there are no openings for the admission
of air. None such are in fact required, for the ear
itself contains air enough for the use ot itspassen-
gers for a quarter of an hour, and there is rarely
occupied more than a period of two or three minutes
to pass it through the surf to theshore. It is subject,
too, in its passage to the shore, to the most frightful
shocks and concussions from the forceof the breakers.
The car as first made, too. was of such a form as
required the passengers within it to lie atlength, m a
recumbent position, which rendered them almost
utterly helpless. The form, however, is now changed,
the parts toward the ends, where the headsof the pas-
sengers would coine, when placed in a sitting posture
within, being made higher than the middle, and_ the
opening or door placed in the depressed part of the
eenter. This arrangement is found to be much bet-
ter than the former one,as it greatly facilitates the
putting in of the passengers, who always require a
greater or less degree of aid, and are often entirely
insensible aud helpless from the effects of fear, or of
exposure to cold and hunger. Besides, by this ar-
rangement, those who have any strength remaining
can take much more convenient and safer positions
within the car in their progress to the shore than was
possible under the old construction."
[Here follows a drawing of the life-car. 1
"The car, as will be seen by the foregoing drawing,
is suspended from the hawser bv means of short
chains attached to the ends of it. These chains term-
inate in rings above, which rings ride upon the
hawser, thus allowing the car to traverse to and fro
from the vessel to the shore. The car is drawn along,
in making these passages, by meansof lines attached
to the two ends of it, one of which passes to the ship
and the other [here follows another illustration of
the life-car] to the shore. By means of these lines
the empty car is first drawn out to the wreck by the
passengers and crew, and then, when loaded, it is
drawn back to tho land by the people assembled
there, as represented in the engraving of the title-
page.
"Perhaps the most important and difficult part of
the operation of saving the passengers and erew in
such cases is the getting the hawser out in the first
instance, so as to lorm a connection between the ship
and the land. In f.ict, whenever a ship is stranded
upon a coast and people are assembled on the beach
to assist tbe sufferers, the first thing to be done is
always to 'get a line ashore.' On the success of
the attempts made to accomplish this all tho hepes
of the sufferers depend. Various methods are re-
sorted to by the people on hoard the ship in order
to attain this end, where there are no means at hand
on the shore for effecting it. Perhaps the most com-
mon mode is to attach a small line to a cask or to
some other light and bulky substance which the
surf can easily throw up upon the shore. The cask
or float, whatever it may be, when attached to the
line, is thrown into the water, and after being rolled
and tossed hither and thither by the tumultuous
waves—now advancing, now receding, and now
sweeping madly around in endless gyrations—it at
length reaches a point where some adventurous
wrecker on the beach can seize it and pull it upon
the land. The line is then drawn in, and a hawser
being attached to the other end of it by the crew of
the ship, the end of the hawser itself is then drawn
to the shore."
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to read a short
passage here to show how this difficulty was
overcome. By what has been read you per-
ceive that the only plan they had of getting con-
nection with the shore was by trusting to the
fact that the force of the waves coming in
might float a barrel or some object from the
ship. This generally failed, unless the tide
was coming in. I had this description read to
show where the difficulty was.
The plan now is to make the connection
from the shore, to help when help is most
needed, to give hope to the hopeless:
"Incase of these life-cars, therefore, arrangements
are made for sending the hawser out from the shore
tothe ship. The apparatus by which this is accom-
plished consists, first, of a piece of ordnance called
a mortar, made large enough to throw a shot of
about six inches in diameter: secondly, the shot
itself, wnich has a small iron staple set in it; thirdly,
a long line, oue end of which is to be attached to the
staple in the shot when the shot is thrown; and
lourthiy, a rack of a peculiar construction, to serve
as a reel for winding the line upon. This rack con-
sists of a small squaro frame, having rows of pegs
inserted along the ends and sides of it. The line is
wound upon the3e pegs in such a manner, that as the
shot is projected through tho air, drawing the line
with it, the peg? deliver the line as fast as it is
required by the progress of the shot, and that with
the least possiblofricrion. Thus, the advance of the
shot is unimpeded. The mortar from which tho shot
isiired is aimed in such a. manner as to throw the
m'ssile over and beyond the ship, and thus when it
falls into the water the line attached to it comes
down across the deck of the ship aud is seized by the
passengers aud erew."
And this being attached to a heavy cord,
thicker than your leg, establishes a bridge be-
tween the ship and the shore as permanent
and perfect with this car upon it, and as able
to save life, as if it was a wooden bridge over
a country brook. Will you help make this
bridge for the drowning? Will you reach a
hand to those sinking for the last time and
forever beneath the boiling waves? Will yOU
enable those to do it who will risk all they
have—time, labor, skill; who need only what
you only can give, sufficient means and mate-
rial to apply it wisely ? I had occasion to de-
scribe to the Senate myself, the last time I
spoke of this matter, scenes that I had wit-
nessed ; and my earnestness on the subject,
which I wish to God I could communicate to
the Senate, and to every Senator before me,
comes from the horrors and sufferings I my-
self have witnessed for want of proper life-
saving apparatus, and the joy and happiness
of thousands of hearts when the means have
been at hand to relieve them. 1 saw two
ships come ashore within four miles of each
other, one within a mile of the house I so-
journed in on Squan beach. I was there
and saw the mortar fired. I saw the line
seized. I was near enough to gaze into the
faces of the anxious and suffering ones on
board of that ship, women and children as
well as men; I could have tossed a biscuit
in the ship, and yet they might as well have
been ten miles off. I saw the captain's wife
put in this car, and helped draw her ashore
and to take her safely out of it. And every
living human being was saved from that ship.
But down below, where the other ship was
wrecked, there was no station. I was there
and I saw the boldest and the bravest men the
world ever saw get into a life-boat, notwith-
standing the prayers and entreaties of their
own families dependent on them for bread
that they would not do so. I saw them slart
for that ship; I saw the boat overset, and I
saw it strike one man of that brave 111 tie crew
in the back and his lifeless body washed on
shore where wailed his desolate, heart-broken,
and impoverished family. Some lives were
saved on that occasion; the sea was not quite
as high as it was above, but the back ot tbe
ship, as it is called, was broken, and many
and many a life was lost, every one of which
might have been saved if you had had the
apparatus and a station there.
But, Mr. President, I do not intend to repeat
what I have said to the Senate before, what I
said at the last session. I want to call atten-
tion to a very brief description of the wrecking
of the Ayrshire on that coast; and the reason
that I do tbat is bceause of the picture in the
book, which I shall ask the Chair to look at;
and if the Senate will not look at it otherwise,
1 will ask them to see it through the glasses of
the Chair. Any man who votes against this
appropriation and does not look at this picture
1 hope and predict that the first cold, stormy
night next winter, when the wind is whistling
and howling around his house and the sleet
and the rain are pouring down, he will remem-
ber that if he had looked at this picture he
might have been the means of saving many a
life ; if he had looked at this picture he would
have voted for the appropriation ; if he had
voted for the appropriation he would have been
happy in the thought that none would suffer
that courage and means would save. Mr-
President, not all the coal in the hills of Penn-
sylvania, not all thewood of ihe primeval for-
ests, can warm the heart that has the icy chill
which will seize those who will not look upon
this picture:
"Sometimes, in consequence of the darkness of the
night, the violence of the wind, and perhaps of the
agitation and confusion of the scene, the first una
even the second trial may not be successful in throw-
ing the hne across the wreck. The object is, how-
ever generally attained on the second or thud at-
tempt; and then theend of the hawserisdrawn out to
the wreck by means ot the small line which tbe sho t
had earned, and being made fast and "drawn taut,
the bruise i-^ completed on which the car is to trav-
erse to and fro.
"It was in the middle of January, and during a
terrific snow storm, tho ship Ayrshire, (referred to
