42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Howe.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
before; a treaty which was to be submitted to
the people of San Domingo and to the Senate
of the United States. In 1861 that model
Government, which is brought into the Senate
Chamber this afternoon by the Senator from
Massachusetts and is held up for our admira-
tion, the Government of Spain, negotiated a
treaty with this same San Domingo for the
same identical purpose, that of annexation,
and immediately afterthe treaty was negotiated
Spain sent three regiments to occupythe island,
one from Porto Rico and two from Havana,
Spanish regiments; and that was not to pro-
tect the people of San Domingo against for-
eign aggression while they were taking a vote,
but it was to protect that republic while the
queen of Spain herself was forming her own
conclusions whether she would accept the ces-
sion or not. That treaty was negotiated, I
think, in March, 1861; the queen signified
her assent in July following; and between
March and July Dominica was occupied by
these Spanish regiments.
Mr. President, the first count in this indict-
ment is in these words:
That in obedience to correct principle, and that
republican institutions may not suffer, the naval
forces of the United States should be withdrawn
from the coasts of St. Domingo during the pendency
of negotiations for the acquisition of any part of
that island.
And I wish to state here, Mr. President,
that in what I have to say I shall speak to the
indictment which the Senator has preferred,
and I shall not attempt to reply to that long
and very elaborate argument by which he has
attempted to uphold the indictmeut. Upon
this count of the indictment I have but to
remark that it simply reverses what I should
think was the true order of pleading: it states
his conclusions before stating the facts upon
which tl ose conclusions rest. I shall, there-
fore, spend no more time upon that, but I shall
proceed to those allegations of fact upon which
the Senator seems to rest the duty presented in
the first resolution.
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded
to a motion for adjournment.]
Tuesday, March 28, 1871.
The Senate resumed the consideration of thesame
subject.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, when the
Senate adjourned last evening I had just been
speaking upon, and I supposed had dismissed
from consideration, the first of this series of
resolutions. Upon a hasty reading of it I did
not discover that the resolution asserted or
insinuated anything like a principle or a fact.
Upon a more careful reading I am not sure
but that it does suggest a principle. If there
be any principle to be gathered from it it is
this : that the presence of a naval vessel in
the neighborhood of any country where diplo-
matic negotiations are going on is a menace,
and therefore that such force should be with-
drawn from such neighborhood. If the Senator
means to assert that as a principle and can
substantiate it as a true principle of interna-
tional intercourse, then it would follow, not
only that our Navy should be withdrawn from
the waters of San Domingo, butthatthe British
navy should at once be notified not to show
itself in our waters so long as the joint high
commission is in session in this metropolis.
If he means not to insinuate that the presence
of navies generally is a threat, but only that
our jNavy is a menace, then I shall leave him
at his own convenience to explain why it is
that he imputes this character to our Navy in
distinction to all other navies in the world.
The second resolution declares—-
That every sentiment of justice is disturbed by
the employment of foreign force in the maintenance
of :i ruler engaged in selling his country.
From which I infer that the Senator means
to be understood as declaring that this Gov-
ernment is employing a force to uphold the
Government of Baez in San Domingo, while
Baez himself is employed in selling his country.
To that I reply, first, that so far as any force
is employed in upholding Baez, it is not em-
ployed, and has not been employed, in uphold-
ing him against his own people, but in upholding
him against foreign attack ; and I reply,
secondly, that the Senator, in my judgment,
does gross injustice even to the administration
of Baez when he insists that he is employed in
selling his country.
Mr. President, we ordinarily speak of a
man who commits himself to evil-doing in
hope of some immediate present, personal
gain, as "selling himself;" but when the same
individual, instead of committing himself to
evil-doing barely surrenders himself, his heart
and his affections, to the Prince of Peace, we
say, instead of having sold himself, that he
has purchased his salvation. Baez has entered
upon no negotiation for the sake of any per-
sonal gain to himself. He has not attempted
to sell his country for his peculiar or personal
good. Instead of attempting to sell his coun-
try, he has been but contriving to purchase
peace and protection for his conntry. Baez
does not deserve the reproach of the Senator
from Massachusetts. He does not deserve the
reproach of any enlightened statesman any-
where. He is the man, and not the only man
in Dominica, who shows himself ready to strip
himself ofpersonal honor and personal aggran-
dizement in order to give his countrymen that
peace which he himself, as president, cannot
command for th'em. That is self-denial, that
is self-abnegation, that is an example worthy
of imitation, worthy of commendation and not
of reproach. Baez ought not to be referred
to here as a man who is selling his country,
but as a man who is striving to his utmost to
promote the welfare and the peace of his
country.
The resolution proceeds:
And this moral repugnance is increased when it
is known that the attempted sale is in violation of
the constitution of the country to be sold.
To which I reply, first, that it takes a better
lawyer than I am, or one more learned in the
political affairs of Dominica, to determine what
the constitution of that republic is; and sec-
ondly, that whatever it may be, whether it per-
mits or prohibits the sale of the territory by the
existing Government, it does not prohibit such
a sale as was attempted in the negotiation con-
cluded by the President of the United States,
because that did not attempt a transfer of the
territory by the Government of Dominica, but
only by the people of Dominica.
The third resolution declares:
That since equality of all nations, without regard
to population, size, or power, is an axiom of inter-
national law, as the equality of all men is an axiom
of our Declaration of Independence, nothing can be
done to a small or weak nation that would not be
done to a large or powerful nation, or that we would
not allow to be done to ourselves; and, therefore,
any treatment of the republic of Hayti by the Navy
of the United Statesinconsistent with this principle
is an infraction of international law in one of its
great safeguards, and should be disavowed by the
Government of the United States.
This resolution was amply illustrated yes-
terday in the speech' of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. Evidently he means by the reso-
lution, and evidently he meant in the speech
he made yesterday, to convey to the people
of the United States and to the people of the
world the idea that our Navy had been playing
the part of a bravo and a bully in the pres-
ence of Hayti, and exercising an authority and
urging threats there that they would not have
dared to urge in the presence of a stronger
nation. One word will rescue our Navy from
that reproach. The very threat recited by the
Senator yesterday, the very threat, as he calls
it, issued by Admiral Poor to the executive
of Hayti, that very identical threat, whatever
it be, was uttered against all. the world as
much as against Hayti. In proof of that I
reread the note of Admiral Poor to President
Saget. Recollect, it was dated the 10th of
February, 1870, and the treaty of annexation
was then pending here in the Senate of the
United States. Under those circumstances the
admiral says:
"Sir: The undersigned avails himself of the
arrival at this port of the Severn, flagship of the Uni-
ted States North Atlantic fleet, accompanied by the
monitor Dictator, to inform his Excellency that he,
the undersigned, has instructions from his Govern-
ment to inform his Excellency that negotiations arc
now pending between the United States Government
at Washington and the Governmentof San Domingo,
and that during the existence of such negotiations
the United States Government is determined with
all its power to prevent any interference,on thepart
of the flaytians, or any other Power, with the Domin-
ican Government."
If Hayti was bound to consider that a threat
against her Great Britain was equally bound
to consider it a threat against her. If the sov-
ereignty of Hayti was coerced by that declara-
tion the sovereignty of Great Britain was
equally coerced.
Mr. SUMNER. Did our ships enter the
Thames river and did our admiral go right up
to the queen's palace and give out his thunder?
Mr. HOWE. No ; the Severn was not and
Admiral Poor was not in the Thames. What
portion of our fleet was there I do not know.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. And San Do-
mingo was not in the Thames either.
Mr. HOWE. But ourfleet was in other ports
besides those of Sau Domingo, just as capable
of enforcing the resolution of the Government
in one place where it was as in another. The
notification was to all the world, " Keep your
hands off of Dominica." We had to enforce
that declaration, not only the North Atlantic
squadron, but every other squadron making up
the Navy of the United States ; not all in
Dominica, but scattered throughout all the
waters of the globe.
But, Mr. President, the simple fact is that
neither Hayti nor any other Government was
coerced in its sovereignty by this notification of
Admiral Poor, unless it was some Government
so regardless of right and of justice as to be
contemplating at that time an attack upon
Dominican sovereignty; and if any Govern-
ment was restrained from making such an
attack, I think the President of the United
States can be pardoned the guilt which is
involved in the peaceable prevention of such
an attack. "Whatever animadversion, there-
fore, may hereafter be bestowed upon the con-
duct of Admiral Poor, let it not be said, in
justice to him, injustice to our own Navy, that
he uttered a word to Hayti that he would not
and that he did not utter to every other Power-
on the earth.
The fourth resolution deelarcs—
That since certain naval officers of the United
States, commanding large war ships, including the
monitor Dictator and the frigate Severn, with power-
ful armanents, acting under instructions from the
Executive and without the authority of an act of
Congress, have entered one or more ports of the
republic of Hayti. a friendly nation, and under tho
menaco of open and instant war have coerced and
restrained that republic in its sovereignty and in-
dependence under international law; therefore, in
justice to the republic of ilayti. also in recognition
of its equal rights in the family of nations, and in
deference to the fundamental principles of our insti-
tutions, thesehostile acts should be disavowed by the
Government of the United States.
In reply to that resolution I have but to
repeat, what I have already said, that just so
far as any coercion was employed against
Hayti, it was to restrain her from an act of
violence and aggression against a neighboring
republic ; no other. And 1 add that he who
prevents a war of aggression without resort
to actual force, renders the world a service,
whether he is or is not especially commis-
sioned to render it.
The fifth resolution declares—
That under the Constitution of tho United States
