1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Howe.
Senate.
the power to declare war is placed under the safe-
guard of an act of Congress.
I am happy to find in this long series of res-
olutions one principle asserted to which I can
give a hearty assent. It is not the first time
j had heard that doctrine ; but it is true, never-
theless.
That the President alone cannot declare war—
Neither can he.
That this is a peculiar principle of our Govern-
ment by which it is distinguished from monarchical
Governments, where power to declare war, as also
the treaty-making power, is in the Executive alone;
that, in pursuance of this principle, the President
cannot by any act of his own, as by an unratified
treaty, obtain any such power and thus divest Con-
gress of its control; and that, therefore, the employ-
men t of the Navy without the authority of Congress
in acts of hostility against a friendly foreign nation,
or in belligerent intervention in the affairs of a for-
eign nation, is an infraction of the Constitution of
the United States and a usurpation of power not
conferred upon the President.
While I assent to the principles laid down
in the commencement of that resolution, I
respectfully submit that the conclusion is a
non seqicitur. I admit that the power to de-
clare war is vested in Congress; but I do not
admit therefore that the President of the Uni-
ted States has declared war. He is the com-
mander of the Navy and of the Army in peace
and i  war. He may, ignorantly or designedly,
commit an act of war in the command of these
great forces; but that is not a declaration of
war either in form or in legal effect. He may
commit an act of war, and if so, he is respons-
ible to his own Government. Whether he did
commit an act of war is another question. I
deny it. A treaty had been negotiated. The
executive of San Domingo and the Executive
of the United States had given their assent
to it.
It was not a valid compact, to be sore, and
could not be, except upon the happening of
two contingencies ; one was that the people
of Dominica should give their assent to it, and
the other was that the Senate of the United
States should give its assent to it. Until both
these conditions had been complied with it
was not a valid compact; that is true; and
therefore by that unratified treaty we acquired
no right in San Domingo, but we did acquire
a right to San Domingo; a right which it was
just as mnch the duty of the President to pro-
tect as it is his duty to protect any portion of
the possessions of the United States. It was a
right, as much a right as I acquire by a contract
with my friend from Missouri, [Mr. ScHUitz,]
by which he agrees to convey to me a certain
estate upon a certain condition. I have no
title in that estate, but I have a right to it;
a right which the courts recognize, and which,
in every country where there is an equitable
jurisdiction, will be enforced against all the
world having notice of it; a right which pre-
cludes not only the Senator irom Missouri
from conveying that property to anybody else,
but prevents everybody else from purchasing
that property, with notice of the right which is
created by my contract. That right, therefore,
which the courts of equity in every country
enforce upon private executory contracts, the
international forums must respect and the
national authority must enforce with regard to
national unratified compacts. If such contracts
did not create rights when made by private
parties, the courts would not enforce them. If
they do create rights when made by individuals,
they do when made by nations. And if such
a national right be attacked by hostile force,
it is the duty of him who commands the Army
and Navy to protect it.
I think it a most extraordinary doctrine, that
when a treaty has been formally negotiated,
and lacKs only the assent of the Senate to trans-
fer to us the most valuable possessions, that
other powers may treat such a compact as a
nullity and may destroy those possessions
before the Senate can have time to record its
assent.
The sixth resolution declares—
That, while the President, without any previous
declaration of war by act of Congress, may defend
the country against invasion by foreign oneniies, ho
is not justified in exercising the same power in an
outlying foreign island, which has not yet bccome
part of the United States; that a title under an un-
ratified treaty is at most inchoate and contingent,
while it is crcatcd by the President alone, in which
respect it differs from any such title created by act
of Congress; and since it is created by the President
alone, without the bupport of law, whether in legis-
lation or a ratified treaty, the employment of the
Navy in the maintenance of the Government there
is without any excuse of national defonse, as also
without any cxcuse of a previous declaration of war
by Congress.
Mr. President, what I have said in reply to
the fifth resolution is an answer to the sixth.
I admit that a title under an unratified treaty
is contingent. But it may be of immense value
for all that, and I insist that the President has
the same authority under the Constitution to
defend a contingent title that he has to defend
an absolute one.
The seventh resolution declares—
That whatever may be the title to territory under
an unratified treaty, it is positive that, after thefail-
ure of the treaty in the benate, all pretext of title
ceases, so that oar Government is in all respect4? a
stranger to the territory, without excuse or apology
for any interference against its enemies, foreign or
domestic, and therefore any belligerentintervention
or act of war on the coasts of St. Domingo, after the
failure of the Dominican treaty in the Senate, is
unauthorized violence, utterly without support in
law or reason, and proceeding: directly from that
kingly prerogative which is disowned by the Consti-
tution of the United States.
The treaty of annexation was rejected by the
Senate. The convention for a lease of the bay
of Samana has not yet been acted upon by the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It has expired.
Mr. HOWE. I am reminded that that con-
vention has expired. That is another question.
The time has expired within which it was stip-
ulated the Senate should ratify. That was
limited to four months. The lease was for a
term of fifty years. If the Senate should ratify
the convention now it would be for Dominica
and not for Hayti to say whether the lease
should be valid or not. But admitting that all
rights under the treaty or under the convention
perished with the rejection of the former, I beg
to inquire what use the President or either or
his Secretaries has made of force in the Carib-
bean sea since that date. The treaty was re-
jected on the 30th of June, 1870. The last
order from the Navy Department regulating
the action of the Navy in Dominican affairs
was dated February 9,1870, and was addressed
to Commodore Green. By that order the com-
modore was instructed as follows:
"You will receive your special instructions here-
after from the rear admiral commanding the North
Atlantic fleet, but for the present it is desirable that
you should remain with the force under your com-
mand m and about the island of San Domingo,
especially the part belonging to the Dominican
Government and the Isthmus of Samana, for the
cession of which the United States are now in treaty
with the Dominican Government. While that treaty
is pending, the Government of the United States
has agreed to afford countenance and assistance
to the Dominican people against their enemies now
in the island, and in revolution against the law-
fully-constituted Government, and you will use the
force at your command to resist any attempts by the
enemies of the Dominican republic to invade the
Dominican territory by land or sea, so far as your
power can reach them. Of course, a great deal
must be left to your discretion, buo by communicat-
ing freely with President Baez, ho will show you
the stimulations of the agreement drawn up between
the United States and the Dominican Government,
which will explain to you how far you are author-
ized to act. While strictly complying with the
agreement between the United States and the Do-
minican Government, you will avoid difficulties with
foreign Powers when it is possible to do so, and will
warn any naval force fitting out from Hayti, or any
part oi the Dominican republic now m revolution,
that the United States will not permifcj&ny hostile
acts to be committed against the Dominicans."
The commodore was explicitly instructed
that he must be guided by.tho stipulations of
the treaty in determining a how far he was
authorized to act." The only stipulation in
the treaty furnishing such guidance is in the
fourth article, which is as follows:
. " The people of the Dominican republic shall, in
the shortest possible, time, express, in a. manner
conformable to their laws, their will concerning tho
cession herein provided for: andtheUnited States
shall, until such expression shall behad, protect the
Dominican republic against foreign interposition,
in order that the national expression may be free."
The treaty promised protection while tho
people of Dominica were voting. The instruc-
tions from the Navy Department were to go
no further than the stipulations of the treaty.
If our naval commanders have in fact fur-
nished protection to the Dominican Govern-
ment since the treaty was rejected, they have
transcended their instructions.
If it be said that such transgressions were
reported to the Department and were not re-
buked, the reply is they were not complained
of by Dominica, by Hayti, or by Jtny one else,
until they were brought in here to give point
to the Senator's attack upon the President.
The Secretary of the Navy was not likely to
be very severe upon conduct which harmed no
one, and of which no one complained.
The eighth resolution declares—
That in any proceedings for the acquisition oT
part of the island of St. Domingo, whatever may be
its temptations of soil, climate, and productions,
there must be no exercise of influence by superior
force, nor any violation of public law, whether in-
ternational or constitutional; and, therefore, the
present proceedings, whick havo been conducted a*,
great cost of money, undor the constant shadow of
superior force, and through the belligerent inter-
vention of our Navy, acting in violation of inter*
national law, and initiating war without an act of
Congress, must be abandoned, to tho end that justice
may be maintained, and that proceedings so adverse
to eorrecf principles may not become an example for
the future.
Mr, President, that is only a reiteration of
what has been considered in the former reso-
lutions, differing from those in this respect,
that it distinctly charges the Government of
the United States with "initiating" war; with
whom, I do not quite understand; but I sup-
pose if war has been initiated it has been eiflier
with Hayti or Dominica. I have only to s«y
that no war exists or has existed with either
of these republics; not a gun has been lired
at either; not a life has been sacrificed. It is
the only war 1 ever heard of which raged for
more than a year without destroying a life or
exploding a gun or making itself known to
either of the belligerents.
The ninth tesolution is—
That in seeking to acquire part of the island of
St. Domingo by belligerent intervention, without
the authority of an act of Congress, it would havo
been in better accord with the principles of our
Republic and its mission of peace and benefietmco
had ourGovernment, in the spirit of good neighbor-
hood and friendly appeal, instead of belligerent
intervention, striven for the establishment of tran-
quillity throughout the whole island, eo that tin?
internal dissensions of Dominica and its disturbed
relations with Hayti might be brought to a close,
thus obtaining that security which is the first con-
dition of prosperity, all of which being in the na ture
of good olfices, would have been without any viola-
tion of internationl law and without any usurpation
of war powers under the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. President, this is a sort of codicil to
what might not be inaptly termed the last will
and testament which had just preceded it; and
a codicil, not unlike many others, that annuls
the whole testament. All that the President
has done in Dominican waters is to maintain
the peace between Hayti and Dominica: and
to maintain the peace between Hayti and Do-
minica this last resolution asserts to be the
duty of this Government. But it says that it
should be done by ''friendly appeal instead of
by belligerent intervention " Mr. President,
it should be done by friendly appeal if friendly
appeal is equal to it. It should be done, I do
not hesitate to say, by any intervention that
