187J.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
taking thecensus of 1870, Without respect totho den-
sity of population, pursuant to tho provisions of
section eigcht of the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of tho Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30.1872, and
for other purposes," the sum of $330,000.
I have not given notice of this amendment,
and if the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations makes an objection to its con-
sideration now, it will involve, I suppose, the
necessity of its going over to another day. He
is familiar, of course, with the law of March
3, 1871, that is referred to in this amendment.
J will read that provision :
"Sec. 8. That the Secretary of the Interior bo, and
ho hereby is, authorized to increase the compensa-
tion of assistant marshals ia taking the census of
1870, whenever, in his judgment, the same shall be
ncccssary: PioviJed, That in no case shall such
increase exceed fifty per cent, of the amount of com-
pensation now allowed by law; nor shall the entire
compensation be more than eight dollars per day
for the time actually engaged; and the joint resolu-
tion entitled 'A resolution in relation to the com-
pensation of census-marshals for taking the census
of 1870,' approved June 9,1870, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed."
There has been no estimate for this increased
compensation. I have before me a letter from
the Superintendent of the Census and also a
letter from the Secretary of the Interior, rec-
ommending that this appropriation be made,
which I TO^]1 ask the Clerk to read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department of the Interior,
Census Office,
Washington. D. C., March 13,1871.
Sir: Respectfully referring to the subject of our
conversation on Saturday, I would say that the esti-
mate for an appropriation for completing the work
of tho ninth census was made prior to tho passage of
the act ot March3, which authorizes increased com-
pensation to assistant marshals, without respect to
density of population.
That estimate indued an item of $100,000 for
increased compensation to assistant marshals in
sparsely settled districts, under resolution of June
9, 1870. Tho expenditure involved in the provisions
of the act of March 3 will,be, as closely as possible,
$750,000. The difference between these sums, namely,
8350,000, is the amount for which additional compen-
sation is required to be made in consequence of the
act of March 3.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
Fit AN CIS A. WALKER,
Superintendent of Census.
Hon. C. Cole,
Chairman Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. PRATT. Now I ask for the reading of
the letter of the Secretary of the Interior.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interiop.,,
Washington, D. C.. March 14,1871.
Sir.: I have the honor to transmit herewith three
lettei.s, dated the 13th instant,from thcSnpsiintend-
ent of Census, relative to providing for increased
compensation to assistant marshals and for promo-
tions in the clerical force of his office, and to state
that their contents have received my entire ap-
proval. The matters contained in the letters are
respectfully recommended to the favorable consid-
eration of your honorable committee.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO,
Secretary.
Hon.C.Cole, Chairman Committee on Appropriations,
Senate of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oil the amendment offered by the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. COLE. I ask the attention of the Sen-
ator from Indiana for a moment. I suppose
that a further appropriation will be required
either this year or the next year, perhaps next
year, to finish up the payment for taking the cen-
sus of last year. There are, however, already
considerable appropriations made ; I do not
remember the amount in the aggregate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One million two hundred
thousand dollars was appropriated in the civil
bill.
Mr. COLE. One million two hundred thou-
sand dollars, I am informed, and I believe that
is eo'rrect. I think probably that is the whole
appropriation that has been made this year for j
the carrying out, of that object. I was under |
t.he impression that we might pass over until j
the next session of Congress before making a
further appropriation. 1 think we shall run no
risk, and the Government will not be embar-
rassed by letting *liis matter go over to the next
session, when we can have more definite inform-
ation on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me make a sugges-
tion right there to the Senator, and it is this:
that by doing that you leavethese accounts all
unsettled. The law that we passed a few weeks
ago, at the close of the last session, authorized
increased compensation to these persons up to
eight dollars a day, I believe. Now, if you
leave the appropriation as it stood before it is
just large enough to cover the compensation
then fixed by law. Here will be an increase ;
and it will all have to be settled afterward. If
the matter is thrown over until the next session
it will require a double settlement of accounts.
It will take only so much money anyhow, and
it seems to me we had better appropriate it
now.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator from Indiana
whether this amendment conflicts with the
amendment adopted in this very bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the amendment which has already been
agreed to by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole to this bill:
That so much of the appropriation for paying tho
expenses of taking the ninth census of the United
States contained in the act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for tho
year ending June 30,1872, approved March 3. 1871,
as may be necessary, may be used during the current
fiscal year ; and the proviso in the eighth section of
said act is amended by adding after the words " eight
dollars per day," the words " exclusive of mileage."
This is an amendment agreed to iu Commit-
tee of the Whole on this bill.
Mr. COLE. Now, let us have the proposed
amendment read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the proposed amendment, which will
come in after the amendment the Chair has
read, if it is to come in at all.
- The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Pratt.
jdr. COLE. I ask the Senator to withhold
the amendment for a little while until I can
have an opportunity to look into the matter.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to put an amendment on this bill. After
I explain it, I think there will be no objection
to it. It is purely legislation.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have an amendment to
offer to the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have one, too.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have but, one, [laughter,]
and I think it had better be acted on now.
Mr. POMEROY. This I say is purely legis-
lation, and any Senator can object to it. if he
chooses to do so. I will make a statement in
regard to it, and then if any Senator desires
to object, let him do so. During the war we
passed an amendment to the homestead bill,
in which we allowed any persons living on their
homesteads, if they enlisted after they filed, to
count the time that they served m the Army
or Navy the same as though they were on their
quarter section. The then Commissioner of
tne General Land Office, Judge Edmunds,
sent circulars out stating that persons on the
public lands under the homestead law in mak-
ing up the five years would be allowed their
term of service in the Army or Navy. He
said furthermore at the bottom of it, that that
instruction would be construed in the most
liberal manner, or something like that.
The fact is that several persons in my State,
and I suppose in other States, filed their quar-
ter sections of land after they enlisted. The
instruction was that if they filed before they
enlisted they should have the quarter section.
Several did not file until after they had en-
listed; and lately when they came after the
five years to prove up, they found that they
had to swear that their filings were before en-
listment, and they could not do it^ and they are
likely to lose their homesteads. The Secretary
of the Interior has sent down to me an amend-
ment which he asks me to have put, on the
appropriation bill to cure the cases of those
who filed on quarter sections after enlistment.
Let it be read, and if any Senator objects, it
cannot he offered.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Sep. —. That where a party at the date of his entry
of a tract of land under the homestead laws, orsub-
sequently thereto, was actually in the Army or Na.vy
of the United States, his service therein shall, in the
administration of said laws, be held and construed
to be equivalent, to all ic tents and purposes, to a resi-
dence tor the same length of time upon the tract so
entered: Provided, That if his entry has been hereto-
fore canceled by reason of his absence from said
tract while in the military or naval service of the
United States, and such tract has not been disposed
of, his entry shall bo restored and confirmed: And
provided, further, That if such, tract has been dis-
posed of, said party may enter another tract subject
to entry under said laws, and his right to a patent
therefor shall bo determined by the proofs touching
his residence and cultivation of the first tract and
his absence therefrom in such service.
Mr. MORTON. That ought to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thisamendment
will require unanimous consent under the pres-
ent rule. Is there objection ?
Mr. COLE. I dislike very much to have a
proposition of that kind go on this bill. It
has not even the support of the Committee on
Public Lands, I understand.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee have not
seen it, but it came from the Department. It
is a mere question of administration. The
Department wants it passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator can pass
it in the morning hour as a separate bill by
unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects, the Chair understands.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to know who
objects. I want it to go into the Globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California stated that with great reluctance he
objected to legislation on this bill.
Mr. COLE. I do not, like to object to a
thing of this sort; but I dislike to see it placed
on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia does not object.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa objects.
Mr. POMEROY. I want somebody to be
responsible for the objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer an amendment, to
come in on page 4, after line thirty-four of
section three:
To pay Dexter II. Crocker for carrying the mail
from Canyonville, Oregon, to Yreka, California,
from the 24th of April to the 9th of November, 1853,
SI,025.
The papers in this case have just been placed
in my hand, and I have had the consent of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to
offer the amendment. From a memorandum
j which I have here it appears that under the
advertisement of the Postmaster General invit-
ing proposals for carrying the mails on mail
route No. 5040, from Canvonville. Oiegori, to
Yreka, California, one hundred and forty miles,
semi-monthly, William W. Chapman, being the
lowest bidder, at $2,000 per annum, was
accepted. He executed contracts and com-
menced the service, but failed. The public
interest demanding a continuance of the ser-
vice, temporary carriers were employed, of
j whom Dexter R. Crocker was one. His ser-
j vice was from April 24 to November 9, 1853,
under an agreement with the postmaster at
Canyonville, at $12o per trip for thirteen trips,
amounting to SI.62-3. Crocker, finding that
he was sustaining heavy loss at the price
agreed upon, ceased to carry the mails, and
i from the records in the contract office the
subsequent, service was paid for at the rate
of $160 0G per trip, or $-1,000 per anntim.
This claim has been prosecuted since 1855,
i and lias finally been allowed by the Poslmas-
! ter General, and a report made for its pay-
ment bv the Auditor, but it cannot be paid on
| account of the act of July 12, 1870, which
| carried all balances to the Treasury.
