284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
I Have here also the certificate of the Depart-
ment, as follows:
"Route 5046, Oregon,(1851 to 1854;) Canyonville,
Orcsron, to Yreka, California. (W. W. Chapman.)
" Itecognize the service of Dexter R. Crocker in
perfoi ming thirteen trips on this route between the
24th April and the 9th November, 1853, at the rate
of $125 per trip, making SI,625; and refer to Auditor
to pay and charge W. W. Chapman."
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy
of ?in order of thePostmaster General as recorded in
his official journal on the 23d February, 1871.
In testimony whereof I have set my hand and
caused the seal of thePostOfficeDepartment
[t. s.] to be affixed on this 21st day of March, in the
year of our Lord 1871.
JOHN A. J. CRE3WELL,
Postmaster General.
These are the simple facts in tliis case, and
I think there can be no objection tothe amend-
ment. The certificate of the Department is
almostequivalent to awarrant upon the Treas-
ury, and it is only because the fund out of
which he should be paid lias been covered into
the Treasury that this man cannot now be
paid. The service was rendered as long ago
as 1853.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ST JS WART. I desire to ask unanimous
consent to offer a little amendment. It is an
amendment that should be added to the amend-
ment adopted on motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson.] The bill
as it was passed organizing this District into a
Territory provided that in the improvements
made one third of the amount should be as-
sessed on the owners of property and the other
two thirds should be paid by the city generally,
and it authorizes the board of public works to
take charge of certain other improvements that
have been inaugurated. There was a law pro
viding for the improvement of M street and
Seventh street south. The improvements have
not yet been made ; but the management of
the improvements is to be under the board of
public works the same as all other improve-
ments. Now, if the assessment is made under
the old law the parties along these streets will
have to pay the full amount for their own im-
provements,and then be assessed with the other
inhabitants for two thirds of the improvements
on other streets made at the same time. It
seems to me but just to equalize them and
allow all assessments for improvements here
after to be made under the same law, and that
>s the purpose of the following amendment,
which 1 now offer, to be added to that of the
Senator from New Hampshire :
. And private property shall be assessed for the
improvement of M street and Seventh street west,
trom B street south to the river, heretofore author-
3871 ' aS provldcli in tho acl of February 21,
It seems to me but just that they should be
equalized.
iilr. PATTERSON. I hope that amendment
will oe accepted and adopted. A similar pro-
vision is already in a bill which is before the
Committee on the District of Columbia; but
we have not yet had time to consider it. It
ought certainly to pass.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I now move the amendment
ot which I gave notice yesterday, and will ask
the Clerk to report it.
. ^r' COLE. Is that the amendment relat-
ing to the census?
• No, sir; relating to Wyom-
ing territory.
Ine Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insenas an additional section the fol-
lowing :
Sec.—. That there be, and is hereby,appropriated
to pay expenses of the Legislative Assembly of Wv
oming ierritory, convened October, A. D. 1870 ami
for printing journals oi said Assembly, and incidental
expenses of the office of secretary for the year 1870,
the sum of $l,2o0. '
Mr. PRATT. By referring to the act organ-
izing Wyoming Territory, of the 25th of July,
1868, the following piovision will be found;
sha11 be appropriated annually a sufficient
sum, to fee expended by the Secretary, and upon an
estimate to be made by tli.e Secretary of the Treas-
ury of the United States, to defray the expenses of
the Legislative Assembly, tho printing of the laws,
and other incidental expenses; and the Secretary of
tho Territory shall annually account to tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the United States for the
manner in which the aforesaid sum shall have been
expended."
That is the provision of the law. This item
was included in the appropriation bill at the
last session of Congress; but it failed in the
committee of conference, as I am informed by
the Delegate from that Territory. I called the
attention of the Senate yesterday to the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury transmitting
estimates of deficiencies in appropriations
required to complete the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871. I now call the
attention of the Senate and of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations to the esti-
mate for this deficiency. He will find it on the
second page of the letter which he doubtless
has before him. The estimate is :
Wyoming—Legislative expenses:
Printingthe laws and journals, 1870 and 1871, (act
July 25,1868, 15 Statutcs-at-Large, p. 1&2, section
eleven) $3,000
Incidental expenses of Legislative Assembly,
and secretary's office, as office rent, furniture,
repairs, stationery, postage, blank books,
lights, fuel, and printing, 1870  1,250
64,250
That is the sum which this amendment appro-
priates. That id all I desire to say in connec-
tion with it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. Now, in conformity with the
suggestion of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, I modify the amendment
which I sent to the Clerk a short time since
so that it will read as follows :
That there be, and is hereby, appropriated, for
increased compensation to assistant marshals in
taking the census of 1870 the sum of $350,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to offer the following amend-
ment:
To enablethc Postmaster General to pay such sum
as he may determine is justly due Thomas Hollis, a
loyal citizen of Georgia, tor carrying the mails of tile
United States prior to June 1,1&51, $280: Provided.
J he Postmaster General is satisfied from the evi-
dence on file in tho Departmenttbat the mail service
was performed and that the claimant remained loyal
to the Government of the United States during the
war of the reoellion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reception of the amendment?
Mr. HILL. I beg to make one statement
only. I know of no other case like this in the
State of Georgia. It comes under my own
personal knowledge, and the proofs have been
made more than a year ago. Mr. Hollis is a
poor old tnan, and he !-:as established his loy-
alty abundantly to the satisfaction of the Depart-
ment,,^ but there is no fund out of which to
pay him. That is the reason why I offer the
amendment. There is no additional proof to
be made. It has been in the Department, as
I stated, more than twelve months, and the
Department are satisfied of the propriety of
paying it, and it would have been paid if they
had anything to-pay it with, but the fund has
been covered into the Treasury ; and that is the
only reason why the amendment is necessary.
I know of no other case from the State like it.
Mr. COLE. I ask my friend from Georgia
if it has the support of a- y committee or the
indorsement of the head of any Department?
Mr. HILL. It has not, and that is the rea-
son why I ask unanimous consent to present
it. I would send it to a committee if I thought
it was proper. But out of abundant cautiow
in drawing the amendment I have placed the
matter entirely in the discretion of the Post-
master General. The amount is very small.
The sum named covers the amount of the
claim, and a few dollars more; I think, per-
haps, two or three dollars. It is two hundred
and seventy-odd dollars, I believe; but with
the safeguards that are thrown around it in the
amendment I cannot think there will be any-
thing wrong done about it, for it puts it in the
discretion of the Postmaster General to determ-
ine whether the proof of loyalty durin" the
rebellion is complete, and whether the proof
of the services performed is also complete. I
hope it will not be objected to. It has been
here a long time. To reject it now would be
a denial of justice to a very worthy man, and
it is but for a very small sum of money.
Mr. COLE. The amount, to be sure is
very small, indeed ; but the principle upon
which it depends is just as large as if the sum
involved was a million. I think the Senator
will see the impropriety of overstepping so
generally and so patently the rules by which
amendments are to be sustained upon this bill.
I regret very much that I am obliged to do it'
but 1 should be derelict in my duty if I did not
object.
Mr. HILL. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California object?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. I have made no other request,
and as this is so small a matter, and the only
one likely to come from the southern States, I
hope it will be allowed to be offered.
Mr. COLE. -The Senate may take the re-
sponsibility. I am willing to letjhem vote
upon it.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from California does
not object. This amendment is liable to objec-
tion under the thirtieth rule that it is a private
claim, which is prohibited upon an appropri-
ation bill, as also to the objection under the
rule under which the Senate is now acting;
but there appears to be no objection to its
reception, and the question is on the adoption
of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I offer the following
amendment:
For a light-house at Shipping Point, mouth of
Quantieo bay, Virginia,
At the point where I ask this appropriation
for a light house several railroads are to term-
inate. \\ hat is called the Fredericksburg
railroad, which formerly terminated at Aquia
creek, will very soon extend to that point.
Ihere is also a railroad to be constructed from
Alexandria to the same point, and another one
is projected from Manassas to the same point;
so that this point has become very important
in view of the fact that all these railroads are
to run to it. For that reason I hope the
amendment will be made. I ask the Clerk to
read a letter from Commodore Shubrick on
the subject, recommending the establishment
of this light-house.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the letter of Admiral Shubrick.
Ihe Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Tief.\sttry Department,
Office of the Light-House Bo*rd,
Washington, Junuary 1$. 1871.
Sib: I have the honor to state, in reply to the ref-
erence by your committee of the IIou=e bill No.273S,
calling for an appropriation for 425,000 for tho erec-
tion and establishment ot a lighr-house at Shipping
iomt, on the 1 otornac river, Virginia, and asking
as to the advisability of making the appropriation,
that it has been represented to this board that four
railroad lines are to terminate at this point at an
early day, and that the railroad which now term-
mates at Aauia creek where the mail-boats hind,
and at some distance below Shipping Point, will be
extended in a few weeks to t|ie point whoie this
light is proposed to be placed. The accompanying
chart will show to the committee the location <>f the
proposed light,and in consideration of'the tact that
these tour railroads are to terminate there it would
seem proper to grant the neeessarv sum lor this aid
to navigation. If is believed thatthesum of *>15,000
will be amplcto place agitable light, with keeper's*
dwelling, &c„ at this point.
Very respectfully, W. 13. SHUBRICK,
Chairman.
lion .Nathan P. Dixon, Chairman of the Committee
of Commerce, House of llepreHentotivva.
Mr. COLE. That is a proposition that I
remember was before the committee, but it
came in so late that the committee had not
time to consider it, if, indeed, it came in while
the committee were in session upoiV the bill
