1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4?
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
whether to regulate local government or police,
or popular privileges and immunities, or to
punish offenders against them, belongs to the
States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I must come to the con-
sideration of the bases alleged for the enact-
ment of this bill. I think I do not misunder-
stand the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shella-
barger] when I state to the House that he
assumes that the substantial authority for this
enactment must be found in the first section
of the fourteenth amendment of the Consti-
tution; and I will therefore proceed briefly to
analyze that section. I beg the attention of
gentlemen on both sides of the House while I
attempt this analysis.
What, then, is the language of that section ?
I will, forconvenience, break it into paragraphs
and consider them in their order. It declares
that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of theUnitedStatesandoftheState wherein
they reside."
Now, does this provision confer upon the
Congress of the United States any new or ori-
ginal grant of power? I say no. Itisnogrant
of power ; it gives no new power to Congress ;
it takes no preexisting power from the State.
It simply declares who shall be citizens of the
United States. But thefact that certain per-
sons are citizens, and the number of them, and
the definition of citizenship or of its constituent
elements, were just the same before the ratifi-
cation of the fourteenth amendment that they
are now. Neither is more certain or better
settled than it was before.
The thirteenth amendment had made all per-
sons of color citizens of the United States if
they were not hitherto. Then the body of the
citizens is in no way materially changed by
this fourteenth amendment. On this point I
do not wish to stand without great and worthy
authority; and I shall therefore incorporate
in my remarks an extract from Chancellor
Kent directly sustaining my position in refer-
ence to this provision.
"Citizens, under our Constitution and laws, mean
free inhabitants born within the United States or
naturalized under the laws of Congress. If a slave
born in the United States be manumitted or other-
wise lawfully discharged from bondage, or if a black
man he born within the United States and born
free, be becomes thenceforward a citizen, but under
such disabilities as the laws of the States respectively
may deem it expedient to prescribe to free persons
of color"—2 Kent. 259; llobbs vs. Foga. 6 Watts,
553; The State vs. Claiborne, Meigs, 331; Opinions of
Attorneys General, vol. 1, 382.
I also invite attention to another opinion,
which possibly may be better authority with
some than Chancellor Kent. I refer to the
opinion of the late Attorney General of the
United States, Mr. Bates, given to President
Lincoln, at the request of the then Secretary of
the Treasury, Mr. Chase, in 1862. In defining
the meaning of the expression "citizen of the
United States" Attorney General Bales said:
"The phrase * a citizen of the United States,' with-
out addition or qualification, means nothing more
nor less than a member of the nation, and all such
are politically and' legally equals. The child in the
cradle and its father in the Senate are equally citi-
zens of the United States, and it needs no argument
to prove that every citizen of the United Stales is a
citizen of the particular State in which he is domi-
ciled."
In this connection I must be permitted to
ask gentlemen to consider the suggestive lan-
guage of the late venerable Chief Justice Taney,
in a very important case. I do not indorse
all that was said or decided in that case, but
this I do, as being in harmony with the spirit
and philosophy of our Government:
" AVe must not confound the rights of citizenship
which a Stato may confer within its own limits and
the rightsof citizenship as a memberof the Union.
He may have all the rights and privilegesof the cit-
izen of a State, and yet not be entitled to the lights
and privileges of a citizen of any other State. Nor
have the States surrendered the power and privi-
lege of conferring the rights and privileges of citi-
zens by adopting the Constitution of the United
States. Each State may still confer them upon an
alien or any one it thinks proper, or upon any class
ordescription ot persons; yet he would not be a cit-
izen in the sense m which the word is used in the
Constitution of the United States, nor entitled to
sue as such in one of its courts, nor to the privileges
and immunities of a citizen in the other States. A
State cannot make a man a memberof the commun-
ity of the United States by making him a member
of its own."—Scott vs. Sanford, 19 Howard, 405.
But I recur to the precise words ofthe four-
teenth amendment, which I have quoted, and
I say, neither does the paragraph under con-
sideration define citizen, or the constituent ele-
ments of citizenship of the United States or
of the States. It leaves both where it found
them, to rest upon the common law and the
laws of the several States. These words are
nowhere precisely defined in the Constitution,
laws, or judicial decisions of our country ; but
in the uniform practice of the country, in many
learned commentaries, and numberless judicial
decisions touching the subject more or less
directly, they have been so nearly defined as
to remove all doubt as to their substantial
meaning.
I therefore hold that the first paragraph in
question is merely declaratory in a more spe-
cific and authoritative form of what was law
before. It gives no support, in my judgment,
to the extraordinary propositions contained
in this bill. It is manifestly intended only to
remove all doubt, if any existed, upon the fact
that nativity and naturalization confer, in the
language of Justice Story, a general citizen-
ship of the United States and give the country
jurisdiction over them, and give rise to the
correlative obligations of allegiance and pro-
tection ; and also to declare all such persons
citizens alike of the States wherein they reside.
The latter citizenship must also be held to
be of that same general character. It is not
mor especific or certain or better defined, and
amounts in law to just what it did before this
enactment. Ever since the organization of
the Union, and just as much before as since
this amendment, any citizen of the United
States who voluntarily removed to and became
a permanent resident of any State, that instant,
and by virtue of that act and fact, became also
a citizen of that State.
But my colieague on this select committee
[Mr. Shellabarger] claims that this para-
graph contains a grant of power.
Will it be pretended by any gentleman in
this age of the world that a great nation can
exist, and that in her midst children may be
born, or persons may be naturalized, and yet
not be citizens of that country ? Is it needful
that in the fundamental law it shall be declared
in exact and precise words that they are citi-
zens in order to make them citizens? Why,
all the world knows, the most unlettered of
our people understand, that every human be-
ing born within the jurisdiction of any nation,
or naturalized under its laws, is, by virtue of
those facts alone, a citizen of that country in
the fullest and amplest sense of the term. I
see the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] rising to his feet. If he desires to
make a suggestion, I will yield.
Mr. DAWES. Does my friend mean to say
that was the case before the adoption'of the
thirteenth amendment?
Mr. KERR. I say frankly that I so said
before the adoption of the thirteenth amend-
ment; I say it since the adoption of the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments; and, if you
please, I may as well say here, that, in my
judgment, all'these amendments are a part of
the fundamental law of this country. But the
gentleman manifestly refers to the decision of
the Supreme Courtof the United States in the
case of Dred Scott, and it was to meet that
very decision—and I am glad the gentleman
has invited my attention to it—that this partic-
ular language was incorporated in this four-
teenth amendment. The court in that case,
before the adoption of the thirteenth amend-
ment, had decided that negroes, under certain
circumstances, and for certain purposes, were
not citizens of the United States, and that
questiou was removed when that thirteenth
amendment was ratified. Then, what is the
next preteuded grant of power in this first sec-
tion? It is that—
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
This language does not distinctly refer to the
"privileges or immunities " of citizens of the
States. The privileges or immunities which
are to be enjoyed under this provision are
those alone which inhere in and attach to the
very idea of citizenship of the United States.
I want gentlemen also to remember that sec-
tion two of article four of the Constitution of
the United States declares that—
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
Observe that the privileges and immunities
of citizens of the States, in the relations of the
States to each other, are protected to them
by the second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution, and not by anything in the four-
teenth article of amendments.
But I want also to invite attention to the
meaning of the words "privileges and im-
munities " as used in this section of the amend-
ment. It appears to be assumed in the popular
mind, and too often by the law makers, th at
these are words of the most general and com-
prehensive nature, and that they embrace the
whole catalogue of human rights, and that they
confer the power and the obligation to enact
affirmative and most dangerous laws. I insist
that these words constitute a limitation on.the
power of the States as against any infringement
of the rights of citizens of the United States.
The provision needs no legislation to enforce
it. It is better enforced by its own vigor and
by judicial decisions than by legislation. Hith-
erto, in the history of our country, it has been
so enforced, good faith, completely, adequately,
without resistance or popular discontent, and
our institutions flourished, and our people were
protected by the courts against infractions of
this guarantee.
But what do the important words "privileges
and immunities " mean? These words are his-
toric. They may be said almost to have become
words of art, and to be crystallized in our
fundamental law. They have very oflen re-
ceived the most careful and deliberate judi-
cial interpretation. In their derivation, and
legally and judicially accepted signification
they give no countenance to the assumptions
of power proposed in this bill.
The word "privilege" is defined by Wor-
cester to mean "an exemption or immunity
from some general duty or burden; a right
peculiar to some individual or body; a pecu-
liar advantage or benefit." And the descrip-
tive word " peculiar " means " belonging to
only one, not common to many." The term
" exemption " has an even more limited signi-
fication, being by the same great lexicographer
defined to be " freedom or exemption from
serving in an office or from performing duties
required of others." It is most erroneous to
suppose that the words "rights," "privileges."
and "immunities" are synonymous. They
are not. The word "rights" is generic,
embracing all that may be lawfully claimed,
an# it is affirmative ; but the others are, in
the most exact and legal definition, both
restrictive and negative. Whatever rights,
privileges, and immunities attach to and inhere
in the citizen or citizens of the United States
must belong to all alike. They must belong
equally to man and woman, to adult and infant,
to sane and insane, to black and white.
