286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
it for eight or ten years. I hope the Senator
will not object to it.
The VltiE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that, although it may be the decision of the
Supreme Court that these amounts should be
paid, this is not a proper amendment to an
appropriation bill, arid for this reason : the
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported at
the last session and at this session bounty bills
for soldiers who were enlisted between-certain
dates in 1861, and yet they have been required
to stand upon their own merits and not be
moved as amendments to an appropriation
bill, although the Supreme Court has decided
that they were entitled to the bounty.
Mr. VICKERS. The Senate just now al-
lowed a private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have al-
lowed several, by unanimous consent, to go
upon the bill.
Mr. VICKERS. I do not think there is any
objection to this. I hardly think the honor-
able Senator from California will object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California persist in his objection ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; there are several other
amendments of the same nature, and it will
take all day to consider them if they are allowed
to be offered.
Mr. VICKERS. I should like to know if
the amendment comes under the thirtieth rule.
The thirtieth rule applies to general appropria-
tion bills, and only to general appropriation
bills.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. There are nine
bills known as general appropriation bills,
included among which is the deficiency appro-
priation bill, which the experience of the Gov-
ernment has found necessary in every Con-
gress. This is one of the general appropriation
bills. Although, as the Chair stated, the bill
came here, originating in the House, with the
title "A bill making appropriations for the
payment of additional clerks and messengers
in the Pension Office, and for other purposes."
yet it has been recognized in the debate, and
also in the resolution adopted by the Senate,
as the deficiency appropriation bill, as follows:
That the Senate will consider during the present
session no other business than the deficiency appro-
priation bill, Jic.
And all the proceedings on this bill have
been under the thirtieth rule, and amendments
to it have been submitted and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. VICKERS. This is the only appropri-
ation I have asked, and I appeal to the hon-
orable Senator to permit this. I have none
other to offer. It will take but a moment. It
takes no money out of the Treasury. I do
not know that it will take a dollar out of the
Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
has another amendment to offer, he will pre-
sent it; otherwise, the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomeroy] is claiming the floor and will
be recognized. The Chair understands the
Senator from California to insist on his objec-
tion.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, of
course, cannot overrule that.
Mr. VICKERS. Will not the Senator allow
the sense of the Senate to be taken on it.
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer an amendment,
remarking that it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives in a general appropriation bill. It
is to survey the boundary line between Colo-
rado and Kansas ; but in the House of Repre-
sentatives it passed in connection with another
proposition to run a line on one of the bound-
aries of Dakota; but there is no immediate
necessity for that. The Department have sent
this amendment down to me simply for this
reason: we are now extending the surveys of
Kansas to our western border, but when they
get there they cannot find the boundary, it has
never been ran, and they cannot close the
surveys, and it is of public importance that
that line should be run. I ask to have the
amendment read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not in order.
Mr. POMEROY. We shall see whether it
is or not lifter it has been read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rule upon it after it has been reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows :
For surveying and establishing that part of the
eastern boundary of the Territory of Colorado "which
lies between the thirty-seventh and fortieth paral-
lels of north latitude, estimated at two hundred and
ten miles, at a rate not exceeding forty dollars per
mile, 88,400,
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
insist on offering that amendment to this bill.
It may with propriety come up at the next
session, when there will be time to consider it.
Mr. POMEROY. It was put on an appro
priation bill in the House at the last session,
and you struck it off, and I did not know it.
The Department find that they cannot extend
the Kansas surveys to the western boundary
because the boundary has never, been fixed,
and yet a law has been passed and an appro- I
priation has been made to extend those sur-
veys to the western boundary of the State. No
line has ever been run, and when the survey-
ors get out in that neighborhood, they must
stop without closing their surveys, without com-
pleting the contract. They cannot complete
it until the western boundary has been estab-
lished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has this amen d-
ment been referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations?
Mr. POMEROY. It has not been referred
at this session to that committee, but it is rec-
ommended by the Department. Let me sug-
gest to the Chair that when committees report
amendments they must be referred one day
beforehand to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, but an amendment coming from a
Department, recommended by the head of a
Department, does not have to be referred to
the committee at all.
Mr. COLE. That is not the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That might be
a very good rule; but, unfortunately, the
thirtieth rule reads otherwise.
Mr. POMEROY. I have forgotten its read-
ing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It reads:
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items ot appropriations, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the said committee."
That is, the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment is not
from any committse.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will ask under what provision of the thirtieth
rule it does come?
Mr. POMEROY. It is recommended by
the head of a Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will send the estimate of the Department to
the Chair the Chair will rule upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not any general esti-
mate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must be an
estimate from the head of some of the Depart-
ments.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps the Chair refers
to general estimates that are sent down annu-
ally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
refers to the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. This is a special estimate
sent down only yesterday.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
send up the special estimate, and the Chair
will rule upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is nothing only the
amendment and a letter asking to have it put
on. They sent me the debate which we had
on the subject, cut out from the Globe.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (to Mr. Pomeroy.) Give
it up.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the amendment
will not be beaten by a simple technical point
of order, that it has never been referied to the
Committee on Appropriations. The object of
that rule when it was adopted, as every Sen-
ator who was here at the time knows, was that
the Committee on Appropriations might bave
notice of what other committees intended to
move. Mr. Fessenden contended here day
after day that amendments were sprung upon
him when chairman of the Commiitee on
Appropriations that he had not any notice of;
that the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
every other committee, was forcing on the
appropriation bills large amendments; and
therefore we made the rule that any amend-
ment reported from a committee should be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations
one day before it was offered; but that only
refers to that class of amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair wishes
to know, however, whether this amendment is
in order under the first part of the thirtieth
rule in regard to the estimates of some of the
heads of Departments.
Mr. POMEROY. This was not in the gen-
era! estimates.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Kansas states
that he has not an estimate, but he has a debate
in the Globe.
Mr. POMEROY. With an estimate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will send up the estimate the Chair will rule
upon it. If there is an estimate, the amend-
ment is within the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not in the form of
a proper estimate. I can send to the Chair
what the Department did send to me.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Kansas can
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to see the estimate.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not technically an
estimate. It is a letter from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, instead of from
the Secretary of the Interior, and contains the
debate, cut out from the Globe, in which the
Senator from California is represented as say-
ing, when we had this matter up at the last
session :
" I know it has been customary on the Pacific side
for the States to pay their share of the expense of
running their boundary lines."
In looking through the General Land Office
I found that the States do not pay any such
thing; that the Government pays for running
the boundary lines of Territories; and this is
for running the boundary line between Kansas
and Colorado, and it is to establish the eastern
boundary of the Territory of Colorado.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the western bound-
ary of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. And, of necessity, it will
establish the western boundary of Kansas.
There were sent to me from the Land Office,
not from the head of the Department, this
debate cut from the Globe and a letter stating
that this appropriation was very necessary ;
that they could not close the surveys in the
State of Kansas unless this western boundary
line was fixed.
Mr. COLE. In the remarks which my friend
quotes I was referring to the State of Califor-
nia in what I said, and I do know that Cali-
fornia has done this work.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Chair thinks it is
not in order I will not pres-s the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas is the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Rules, and the Chair will submit to him
whether he thinks the amendment is really iu
order under the thirtieth rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not press it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations that
I am perfectly familiar with the amendment
that has been submitted by the Senator from
