48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Kerr.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
But the truth is, and it is within the observa-
tion of all men and is established by the uni-
form practice of every State in the Union, and
is sustained by an unbroken line of judicial
decisions, that, for example, no person ever
did exercise the right of suffrage in virtue of
the naked, unassisted fact of citizenship. But
in every instance the right depends, and the
franchise of suffrage is exercised, upon some
additional fact and cumulative qualification
prescribed by the laws of the State, which may
as perfectly exist without as with citizenship.
Equally true is this of many others of the
rights, privileges, and immunities which may,
under different circumstances, be enjoyed by
citizens of our country. I will not stop now to
enumerate. The word citizenship has not in any
of its elements or meanings under the Federal
Constitution, nor have the words "privileges
and immunities," in any of their just interpret-
ations, anything to do with or any power to
set aside or disregard any of the distinctions,
requirements, or rights based upon domicile or
residence in the respective States. Even the
infamous and revolutionary measures of recon-
struction in the South recognize and do not
attempt to disregard this universal truth.
The words under consideration do not re-
quire that the laws and usages of one State
shall be permitted to prescribe rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities to be claimed and exer-
cised in other States in contravention of their
local policy. (2 Kent, 71; 19 How., 405.) I
understand their primary object to be to
secure equal privileges and immunities to the
citizens of each State while temporarily so-
journing in any other State; and its secondary
and only other purpose is to prevent any State
from discriminating in its laws in favor of or
against the citizens of any other State merely
because they are the citizens of such other
State, or, in other words, for mere sectional
reasons
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will not take time to
refer to more than one of the very numerous
judicial constructions which have been placed
upon these words: and that one shall be the
last, given in the case of Paul vs. Virginia.
The decision is the unanimous judgment of
the Supreme Court, rendered by Justice Field.
The language used by the court in reference
to the interpretation of these words is this:
" It was undoubtedly the object of the clause in
que&tiou to place the citizens of each State upon
the same footing with citizens of other States, so far
ns the advantages resulting from citizenship in
those States are concerned. It relieves them from
the_ disabilities of alienage in other States; it in-
hibits discriminating legislation against them by
other States; it gives tlicm the right of free ingress
into other States and egress Irom them; -it insures
to them in other States the same freedom possessed
by the citizensof thoso States in the acquisition and
enjoyment of property, and in the pursuit of hap-
piness ; and it aecmres to them in other States the equal
protection of their laws."—8 Wallace, 168.
Yet we are told by gentlemen that the right
of the people of this eountry to enjoy the
equal protection of the laws is "now for the
first time guarantied by the Constitution of
the United States to the people. Need I say
to the intelligent lawyers or others here that
there exists in this country no constitution,
no State government, no code of laws in any
single State, which does not recognize these
rights as fully and completely as they can be,
or as they are now indicated by this four-
teenth amendment? There is no language or
formula of liberty and equality in the consti-
tutional law of the country which our people
have heard more frequently, or better compre-
hend, or cherish more tenderly, or hold itiore
sacred. It needed no re'enactment in or out
of the Constitution. It is common and con-
ceded constitutional law.
But the court further say :
"But the privileges and immunities secured to cit-
izens of each State in the several States by the pro-
vision in question are those privileges and immuni-
ties which are common to the citizens in the latter
States under their constitutions and laws by rirtue
of their being citizens."
In other words, no man may import into one
State from another by the mere transposition
of his own citizenship any rights, privileges, or
immunities which are secured to him by the
State from which he came.
Mr. Speaker, I come now, perhaps, to the
most important part of this section, and I refer
to the words:
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law."
That language is not new in the constitutional
history of our country. It is common to all
the States. It is one of the most familiar of
all the covenants between the people and the
Government, whether State or Federal. Pre-
cisely the same form of words is found in the
fifth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States:
"No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law."
With this difference only: this section de-
clares that no State shall deprive any person
of life, liberty, or property without due process
of law, while in the fifth amendment it declares
generally that no person shall be so deprived.
But the Supreme Court of the United States,
in several cases, has held that this amendment,
and indeed the first eleven amendments, are
intended to impose limitations and restrictions
on the Federal power and to prevent inter-
ference with the rights of the States and of
their citizens. (5 How., 410; 7 Peters, 469 ; 6
How., 507 ; 18 How., 71; ibid., 591; 2 How.,
84 ; 7 Wall., 321.) It was for this reason that
this inhibition is here made to apply to the
States, and out of abundant caution only.
But what is the meaning of the language in
the old Constitution that none of these things
shall be done " withoutdue process of law?"
Those words have been repeatedly construed
by the different courts of the United States—
by the Supreme Court of the United States
and by the highest courts in the States—and in
every instance they have been held to mean
that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty,
or property, except in the regular course of
administration through courts of justice, or of
legal proceedings under the laws of the land,
which laws must be constitutional. If the
prosecution is in the Federal courts, then this
language entitles the citizen to such trial as
shall accord with the existing 'law of the land,
in the usual and regular course of administra-
tion, and that law itself shall be constitutional.
When these words are used in a State con-
stitution they have the same application and
construction. So that when any man is tried
for crime in any of the States he shall not be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, except
in pursuance of trial under the forms and
requirements of the laws of the States, which
laws shall possess the essential requisite of
constitutionality under the Constitution of the
United States and of the particular State in
which they are enacted.
Such is the interpretation of this'provision.
Now, what State of the North or South, or
what court of justice in any such State, has
ever ifl one instance undertaken to deny this
equal protection, which is involved in the idea
of a trial with due process of law? Not one.
There is no pretext that anything of that kind
has been attempted. These words give no
power to Congress or to the United States to
supersede State laws, or prescribe new codes
for States, or in any way to tamper or inter-
fere with the States in the administration of
their own systems to the utmost extent of their
local and reserved jurisdiction of that great
residuum of power which, under the express
language of the Constitution of the United
States, " is reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people."
It might as well bo insisted, upon the theory
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shei.la-
bakgeb,] that it is competent for Congress to
legislate in this way against the States of the
Union under section ten of article one of the
Constitution, which declares:
"No Stateshall on tor into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation; grant letters of marque and reprisal;
coin money; emit bills of credit; make anything
but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts;
pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law
impairing the obligation of contraots, or grant any
title of nobility."
And so of both the next succeeding clauses
of the section. In reference to the provisions
in the old Constitution, which are of precisely
equal force with this one in the fourteenth
amendment, it has never been assumed or
believed by any person in this country that
Congress has power to go into the States of
the union and subordinate State laws and
State jurisdiction to the control of Federal
courts, or officers, or of the President of the
United States. At the very basis of our insti-
tutions, and vital to their safety and perpetuity,
is the right of local self government in tha
States. It is of supreme importance to the
people. It is not and was not intended to be
impaired by the fourteenth amendment. It is
a priceless and cherished inheritance to all the
States of this Union, and no power can rightly
invade it. It maybe overthrown or denied,
as this bill proposes, but there is no war-
rant for it. It is brute force only, and the
like has too often characterized the exercise
of power in this country during the last six
years.
States in several instances have emitted bills
of credit, and the courts have held them to
be unauthorized and worthless. States have
attempted to make something other than gold
and silver coin a legal tender in payment of
debts, and the courts have denounced it as
unwarranted and ineffective. States havo
enacted bills of attainder and ex post facto
laws, and laws impairing the obligations of con-
tracts, and the courts, State and Federal, have
promptly anathematized them all and effect-
ually destroyed their power for mischief, and
protected the people against their vicious prin-
ciples a,nd prevented their repetition. Such
is the high and sacred function of the judiciary,
and in all these and like cases under the old
Constitution or the first section of the four-
teenth amendment it is more effective, prac-
tical, satisfactory, andbeneficentinthe enforce
ment of all these guarantees and the protec-
tion of the people than any law of Congress.
In all our past history no man ever had the
temerity to even propose any law to enforce
these guarantees. The organization of courts
in the States and the Union charged with the
great duty of construction and enforcement of
the laws was enough, and has been so dem-
onstrated in our past experience. It will
always be sufficient until the tribunals of jus-
tice, the last citadel of the people's safety,
shall have become corrupt or corruptible. This
fatal event will speedily happen if this and
snch laws are enacted by Congress. The courts
wilHnevitably become partisan machines, and
the instruments of despotism and oppression.
Let us avoid these dangers if we would shun
speedy national decay and the overthrow of
our institutions. Such laws as this, in my
opinion, can only bear evil fruit, beget dis
order, bring bitter suffering, groans, and tears,
not peace or protection.
The last provision in section one of the four-
teenth amendment is this:
"Nor deny to any person withinits jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws."
I do not need further to refer to this pro
vision than to say that it manifestly involves
no grant of power. It is simply declaratory
of the preexisting law of the country, the
preexisting, fundamental, constitutional law
