1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
42d Cons....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
declared by all the courts and tribunals of
the entire country.
And I take it every gentleman here knows
that in every State of this Union, South and
North, this same guarantee is contained in
some form in its constitution and vindicated
habitually by its courts. If any laws are enacted
in violation of it, they are held null and void
and set aside and disregarded by the courts.
This is its surest, most certain, and effective
mode of vindication, and no condition of things
or society in our country demands any other.
It was manifestly inserted in this fourteenth
amendment out of abundant caution. It is no
grant of affirmative power, demanding enforce-
ment by legislation. Eversincethefoundation
of the Government, and in all the history of
each State and of the United States, it has
always been considered, adjudged to be, and
enforced as a vital part and principle of our
system. It has, without one single exception,
been held to be the constitutional and supreme
law of the States within themselves and of the
United States. No exception exists. No gen-
tleman can point me to a single case to the
contrary.
But let me not on this point be misunder-
stood. I do not mean to say that there never
have been enacted unconstitutional laws, or
that there never have been enacted laws which
were severe, ay, it may be cruel in their pur-'
pose and provisions against the people of the
States or of the country. Such laws certainly
have been enacted. But what hitherto has been
the unquestioned and always sufficient remedy
of the paoplp of the country against those laws?
Tt has been found in the judiciary of the States
and of the Union. In every instance wherever
anything of this kind has arisen in any contro-
versy about the rights of person or of property
mid where the attention of the courts has been
called to it, it has been made the subject of
judicial condemnation. Why shall we now
change this wise policy ? Why attempt to over-
turn so many established and beneficent prin-
ciples of public law? Is it done in order to
irritate, aggravate, and stimulate to violations
of the laws? Is its purpose strife?
Can it be expedient to repudiate the settled
policy of nearly a century in order to accom-
plish any partisan object? I think not. If
peace, restored law and order, and protection
to life, liberty, and property, are sought or
expected to be attained by the enactment of
this bill, they will never be realized. Rather
support the people in their efforts to govern
themselves when they call for help in the way
indicated in the Constitution, give to them the
amplest self-government, protect them against
the vultures in the persons of political adven-
turers and scoundrels, who, under the system
of Radical reconstruction, dominate over, plun-
der, and oppress them, and then the reign of
genuine peace and order maybe promptly and
successfully restored. Remember your own
criminal agency in bringing about the unhappy
conditions which prevail in the South. You
have placed civil government there in reck-
less, dishonest, vile, and incompetent hands.
It has too often been rendered hateful by the
base characters of its administrators, and by
their intolerable exactions and oppressions.
Let me here say, for I may as well say it
here as anywhere, that no gentleman must
assume that I am not in favor ofthe most signal
punishment being inflicted in due course of
law upon the violators of the laws, whether of
the States south or north, or ot the United
States. And I appeal to the people in the
South, as their supreme duty under their own
laws and constitutions, to enforce these rights,
to protect their people, to prevent and punish
lawlessness and crime, and violence in all its
forms. It is in order to give us and the whole
country correct information concerning the
42d Cong.1st Sess.—No..4.
condition in the South, that I was, and am
now, in favor of a full, fair, and impartial
investigation by a committee ofthe Senate and
House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to ask attention
briefly to the fourthsection of the fourth article
ofthe Constitution of the United States. The
language of the section is this :
"That the United States shall guaranty to ovory
State in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment, and shall protect each of them against inva-
sion, and on application of the Legislature, or of the
Executive when the Legislature cannot bo convened,
against domestio violence."
The obligation of the Federal Government
to protect the States of this Union against in-
vasion is clear and obvious, and it interferes
with no question of State jurisdiction or of
State autonomy. It is external to the State
itself; it is protection against dangers from
without, not within.
And the balance of that section relates to
domestic violence within the State. And on
that subject the language of the Constitution is
very plain, and the purpose is very obvious.
It is intended only to make it the duty of the
Federal Government to go to the relief of the
States of the Union against domestic violence
when the States appeal for such aid, being
unable by their own powers to maintain the
public order, to protect themselves and their
citizens, and enforce their laws in the peaceful
course of administration. But thogreat solici-
tude of the framers of the Constitution against
Federal interference of any kind in the States
is manifested in the cautious language used in
this section. It forbids Federal interposition
except upon the call of the Governor or Legis
lature of the State. That inhibition is clear,
salutary, and imperative. It is not repealed
or modified by tlie fourteenth amendment. It
is consistent and can well stand with it.
But this bill disregards it utterly, and pro-
poses that the President may intervene in the
affairs of the States at his own pleasure, for
the most uncertain and insufficient if not friv-
olous causes. He needs not to wait for the
request of the States in any form. Ho may
himself decide when the facts or conditions
named in this bill exist. His judgment on any
such question is final, whether correct, hasty,
reckless, dishonest, or wise. No tribunal can
review it or stay his hand. He can command
all the power of the Federal Government, of
the Army, or Navy, or militia. Under it he
goes into the State, not to aid and cooperate
with and in subordination to the State authori-
ties, as the Constitution plainly requires, but he
goes there to supersede the State authority,
to override its laws, and erect a different and
strange power, to enforce arbitrary, summary,
and oppressive laws. He goes there clad m
the most absolute and despotic discretion.
His own will and judgment will in most mat-
ters constitute his chief restraint. I denounce
all such powers, no matter upon whom con-
ferred, to be gross and monstrous usurpations,
not countenanced by anything in the letter or
spirit of the Constitution. Speaking of this
clause in the old Constitution, Mr. Justice
Story well says :
" It maynot be amiss further to observe that every
pretext for intermeddling with the domestic concerns of
any State, under color of jirolcctinp it against domestio
violence, is taken away by that part oi the provision
which renders an application trom the Legislatuie
or executive authority of the Stato endangered
neccssary to be mado to the General Government
before its interference can bo at all proper."
There is nothing in the language of the
fourteenth amendment that is intended in any
way to repeal this fourth section of the fourth
article. When the States ratified that amend-
ment they did not entertain the insane pur-
pose of transforming the Federal Government
into an agent of despotism.
Mr. Speaker, I must invite attention to one
more provision of the Constitution, after which
I desire to refer to the bill itself. I refer to
the^ second clause of section nine of the first
article of the Constitution :
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended unlesswcen in case of rebellion or
invasion tho public safety may require it."
Yet this bill proposes to authorize its sus-
pension at the pleasure of the President, it
may be, upon the most vague and partisan
reasons, libels, or gross exaggerations of truth,
and ill cases of mere ly local and individual
violations of law, not approximating in char-
acter or enormity the legal idea of rebellion
as used in this section and defined judicially.
It seems to me to be trifling with the common
intelligence, as well as with just legal princi-
ples, to pretend that the fourteenth amend-
ment confers power to enact such a law.
It is only in cases of rebellion or invasion
that the privilege of this writ may be sus-
pended. 1 need not refer to the latter expres-
sion, because "invasion" is not referred to in
this bill, but only cases of rebellion. Now, is
it competent for Congress to declare what shall
constitute '' rebellion ?" Is it within our con-
stitutional power to declare any sort or degree
of violence we please to constitute rebellion?
May wo define a combination of two or ten
or twenty persons to commit ordinary crimes
against citiaens a "rebellion?" This term has
had judicial interpretation; it has been de-
fined for five hundred years ; and it is not now
an open question. What is rebellion in the
contemplation of law or the Constitution? It
is an uprising on the part of an entire commu-
nity against the laws, against the constituted
authorities, against the very existence of the
Government itself. No such condition is con-
templated by this bill.
But the rebellion must be against the United
States before Congress can authorize the sus-
pension of this writ. If it be against the gov-
ernment of a State, the suspension must be
authorized by the constitution and laws there-
of, and must be declared by the proper officer
of the State. Can Congress declare, as this
monstrous bill attempts to do, that any offenses,
committed by any combination of persons,
against the rights of persons or property, in
violation of State laws, shall constitute a rebel-
lion against the United States, ar.d upon this
assumption authorize the suspension of the
privilege ot this sacred writ, and the declara-
tion of martial law, the overthrow of civil gov-
ernment, the erection of military supremacy,
and the reign of a dictator? Such startling
doctrines should arouse and alarm the country.
They cannot coexist with free institutions and
civil liberty.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 wish briefly to invite
attention to some of the remarkable provisions
of the bill itself. It violates every principle to
which I have referred, as hitherto understood
in our country. Read the first section :
That any person who, under color of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, t cy illation, custom, or usage of any
State, shall subject, or cause to bo subjected, any per-
son within the jurisdiction of the United States to
the deprivation at any rights, privileges, or immunities
secured by tho Constitution of the United Sta-tes,
shall, any such law, statute, ordinance, regulation,
custom, or usage of the State to the contrary not-
withstanding, be liable to the parly injured in any
art inn at law, suit in equity, or other proceeding for
redress; such proceeding to be prosecuted in the
several district or circuit courts of tho United States,
with and subject to thesame rights of appeal, review
upon error, and other remedies provided in like
cases in such courts.
This entire bill claims for its object the en-
forcement ofthe first section of the fourteenth
amendment. But in that section the word
"rights" does not occur. Why insert it in
the bill? Is it an attempt to extend the scope
and aim of that amendment? If so, it is with-
out authority and wrong. It is a vain effort to
add to constitution by a law. The descriptive
words in the amendment are "privileges and
