288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Secretary will omit the verbal amendments in
the first section if there is no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Read first the substan-
tial amendments.
The Chief Clerk read the following amend-
ment, coming in on page 3, after line six of
section two :
And that so much of the appropriation provided
for in the act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 80, 1872, approved March 3, 1871, to be ex-
pended in the detection and prosecution of crimes
against the United States, as may in the judgment
of the Attorney General be necessary, may bo used
during the current fiscal year.
The YICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
will be regarded as concurred in. There are
several amendments on this page, in section
three, changing the name of the "Assistant
Treasurer" at some places to "United States
depositary." If there be no objection this
will be regarded as concurred in without their
being read, and also the amendment changing
the word "desks" to "clerks." There are
three or four amendments reported in the
printed bill from the Committee on Appropri-
ations which were agreed to without objection.
Need they be read? ["No!"l They will be
omitted, as they are printed.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
which was on page 4, after line thirty-four of
section three, to insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase ot Messrs. Little, Brown & Co. two thousand
copies of the sixteenth volume of the United fetates
Statutes-at-Large for distribution agreeably to the
acts of Congress directing the distribution of the
other volumes, $7,0ii0.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is con-
curred in, no division being called for.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For this amount, to be deducted from any money
or funds in the Treasury ot the United States be-
longing to the Piankeshaw, "Wea, Peoria, and Kas-
kaskia, Indians, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, as provided ia the
treaty ol'1868, $12,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is con-
curred in, no division being demanded.
.The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
To pay William Hardin a balance due him under
his contract for surveying the public lands in Ne-
braska, $3,600.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a private claim.
How did that get in ? I ask for a division on
that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was adopted
in Committee of tbe Whole and agreed to, the
Chair thinks. The questiou 13 on concurring
in this amendment.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes anpeared to have it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Doubted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont call for a division ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to state, so
that the record shall show it, that I object to
this as a private claim, on which we have no
report and which has 110 place on this hill. I
see that the temper of the Senate is against me
onfall these objections to this method of legis-
lation, and I of course do not wish to interfere
with what seems to be the will of the Senate,
except to enter my protest against it.
^ 1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
^concurred in. This was agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole some time before the
restrictive rale of the Senate was adopted.
The next amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For salary of the Governor of the District of
Columbia, 83,000.
For salary ol the secretary of the District of Colum-
bia, $2,000.
Forcouipensation of members of the council of the
District ol Columbia, $4,400.
For compensation of tbe board of public woiks
of the District of Columbia, $10,000.
For compensation for clerks, messengers, and for
contingent expenses of the board of public works
-ot the District of Columbia, $5,000.
And such sum or sums as may be necessary for such
■purposes for the fraction of the current fiscal year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be
regarded as concurred in, no division being
called for.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
For payment to the reporters of the Senate for the
Congressional Globe of the usual additional com-
pensation for reporting the proceedings of the Sen-
ate for the first session of the Forty-Second Congress,
$500 each, $2,500.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is concurred
in unless a division is demanded. It is con-
curred in.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
which was 011 page 5, after line thirty of sec-
tion four, to insert:
For completion of the court-house and post office
building at DesMoines, Iowa, $6,856.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless a divis-
ion is demanded this is concurred in. It is
concurred in. The printed amendments of
the Committee on Appropriations on pages 5
and 6 will be regarded as concurred in with-
out being read, as they were before the Senate
in print when voted on.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 8. Thatso much of the appropriation for pay-
ing the expenses of taking the ninth census of the
United States contained in the act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1872, approved
March 3, 1871, as may be necessary, may be used
during the current fiscal year; and the proviso in
the eighth section of said act is amended by adding
after the words "eight dollars per day " the words
"exclusive of mileage."
The VICE PRESIDENT. This will be
regarded as concurred in unless a division is
demanded. It is concurred in.
The Chief Cierk read the next amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 9. That tbe appropriation of $80,326 "for
necessary expenses in the erection, furnishing ma-
chinery," &c., of the branch mint at Carson City, con-
tained in the act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June-30. 1872, and for other purposes, approved
March 3,1871, is hereby made subject to present use.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is also con-
curred in unless a division is demanded.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 10. That the appropriation foi-building a pier
at Lewes, Delaware, contained in sections twelve
and thirteen of the act approved July 15,1870, enti-
tled "An act making appropriations lor sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1871, and for other purposes," be. and the
same is hereby, continued until June 30, 1872.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is concurred
in unless a division be demanded.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 11. That there be added to the miscellaneous
item of the contingent fund of the House of Repre-
sentatives the sum of $2 563 30, or so much thereof
as may be necessary for the paymentof the balances
remaining unpaid upon tho accounts of witnesses
who appeared before the sub-committee of the Com-
mittee of Elections of the House of liepresentative*.
charged with the investigation in thesummerof 1869
of the election in Louisiana in 1868.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amendment
is concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are so
many of these amendments, that, where they
are clear, plain appropriations, I hope the Sec-
retary will be excused from reading them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How do you know whether
they are or not?
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 12. That the provisions of the eleventh sec-
tion of the act approved July 15.1870, entitled "An
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of_the Government for the year ending June 30,
1811, and for other purposes," be, and hereby are,
extended so as to include such persons as were ac-
tually employed in tho States lately in insurrection
in connection with tho Treasury Department as
officers of theJJnitod States during the year 1867 in
connection with the revenues of the Government;
a!. ,a.Q amount sufficient to carry out the provisions
01 this section is hereby appropriated out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. This will be con-
curred in?
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment
as follows: '
Sec. 13. That the following sum, or so much there-
of as may be necessary, be appropriated for subsht-
eneeoftheArapahoe,Cheyenne, Apache,Kiowa, and
Comanche Indians who have been collected and
located upon the reservation set apart for their u*e
and occupation by the treaties mado with them in
1867. $250,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator from
California [Mr. Cole] specially reserved this
amendment, and the question is upon concur-
ring in it.
The amendment was concurred in; there
being, on a division—ayes 24, noes 12.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 14. That tho Commissioner of the General
Land Office is hereby authorized to approve the
survey of the eastern boundary of Nevada, made by
Isaac E. James, notwithstanding any departure from
instructions which in the opinion of said Commis-
sioner does not materially impair the accuracy of
the work.
Mr. CASSERLY. I asked to have that
amendment reserved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is reserved,
and is now before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to state the
reason why I asked to have it reserved. The
reason was that I had some ground to think
that the necessary number of astronomical
observations had not been made in running
this line. The engineer was required to ascer-
tain one parallel and one meridian at least.
To do that, of course required astronomical
observations with great care, and a great
many of them. Probably he has not made as
many of those observations as he should have
made; but I am informed, and do not doubt
that the attention of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is fully directed to this
subject, and he will take care, I have no doubt,
that the interests of the public suffer no dam-
age in any settlement he may make with the
surveyor; so that I do not press any objection
to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If the Senator
from California does not insist on a division,
it will be regarded as coneurred in. The
amendment is concurred in, and the next
amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 15. That the privileges of the act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14,1S70, be, and are hereby,
extended to the port of Detroit, in the State of
Michigan.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is con-
curred in.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
as follows:
Sec. 16. That any bona fide settler under the home-
stead or preemption laws of the United States who
has filed tho proper application to enter not to ex-
ceed one quarter section of the public lands in any
district land office, and who has been subsequently
appointed a register or receiver, may perfect the
titlc_ to_ said lands under the preemption laws by
furnishing the proofs and making the payments re-
quired by law, to the satisfaction of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has that to do with
this bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This was agreed
to by unanimous consent yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. It only relates to cases
where in new land offices there were two or
three registers and receivers appointed with-
out their knowledge before they had completed
their title as homesteaders; and this is to allow
them to complete it to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office by
filing their proofs with him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has that to do with
this bill? Oh, I see. Their titles are defi-
cient, and this is a deficiency bill [laughter] to
make good everything that was bad before.
Mr. POMEROY. Technically it is right.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator withdraws
the objection.
