50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
[March
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Kerr.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
immunities," and them I have defined in the
light of authority and reason.
This section gives to any person who may
have been injured in any of his rights, privi-
leges, or immunities of person or property, a
civil action for damages against the wrong-
doer in the Federal courts. The offenses com-
mitted against him may be the common viola-
tions of the municipal law of his State. It may
give rise to numerous vexatious and outrageous
prosecutions, inspired by mere mercenary con-
siderations, prosecuted in a spirit of plunder,
aided by the crimes of perjury and subornation
of perjury, more reckless and dangerous to
society than the alleged offenses out of which
the cause of action may have arisen. It is a
covert attempt to transfer another large portion
of jurisdiction from the State tribunals, to
which it of right belongs, to those of the Uni-
ted States. It is neither authorized nor expe-
dient, and is not calculated to bring peace, or
order, or domestic content and prosperity to
the disturbed society of the South. The con-
trary will certainly be its effect.
Look at the next section of this measure :
Skc. 2. That if two or more persons shall, within
the limits of any State, band, conspire, or combine
together to <lo any act in violation of the rights,
qrivdeges, or immunities of any person to which ho
is entitled under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, which, committed within a place
under the sole nnd exclusive juiisdietion of the
"United States, would under any law of the United
States then in force, constitute the crime of cither
murder, manslaughter, m.iyhcm, robbery, assault
and battery, perjury, subornation of perjury, crim-
inal obstruction of leiral process or resistance of
officers in discharge of official duty, arson, or lar-
ceny ; and if one or more of the parties to said con-
spiracy or combination shall do any net to effect the
object thereof, all the parties to or engaged in said
conspiracy or combination, whether principals or
accessories, shall lie deemed guilty of a felony, and,
upon conviction thereof shall be liable to a penalty
of not exccding $10,00ft, or to imprisonment not
exceeding ten years, oi bot.li at the discretion of ttio
court; to be tried and punished in the Federal courts.
This section is pregnant in every line with
vice, usurpation, and danger. The offenses
here named need not be committed, as under
the first section, under color of State laws.
If they are calculated to infringe any of the
rights, privileges, or immunities of citizens, as
construed by the Radical party, officers, or
courts, (and certainly all crimes have such
effect,) then the jurisdiction of Federal courts
attaches. The crimes named are not even
required to be committed, but if two or more
persons combine to commit any such crime,
arid any one of them does any act to effect the
object, the guilt of all the parties is fixed, the
jurisdiction is snatched from the State, and
the work of centralization or anarchy goes on.
I am perplexed to imagine a rational cause or
justification for such a law. ]t looks to the
complete subversion of the power of the States
to enforce their criminal laws, adopt and exe-
cute their own policy, or protect their own
citizens and society. This section attempts a
very shabby evasion of an express limitation
upon the power of Congress in this direction.
Its criminal jurisdiction is rigidly confined to
the punishment of Crimea committed within
places subject to its exclusive jurisdiction, like
this District, or forts and arsenals, and to
crimes against the revenue, or other clearly
granted powers of general control and regu-
lation.
_ In the case of Cohens vs. The State of Vir-
ginia Chief Justice Marshall declared :
"Connected with the power to legislate within this
District [of Columbia] is a similar power in torts,
arsenals, dock-yard'*, Sec. Congress has a right to
punish murder in a fort or other place within its exclu-
sioe jurisdiction. but no general / ight to puninkmurder
committed xoithin <n\v of the States.'* '* ~ *
So, in the same act, [the act of 1790,] scction six, a
person who, having knowledge of the commission of
murder or other felony on the high seas, or within
any tort, arsenal, dock-yard, magazine, or other
place or district of country within the Hole and exclu-
sive jurisdiction of the United States, shallconceal the
same, &cM shall be judged guilty of misprision of
felony. It in clear that Congress cannot punish felonies
generally, and, of consequence, cannot punish mis-
prision of felony. It is equally clear that a, Stale
Legislature, the State of Maryland, for example,
cannot punish those who, in another Sr-He, conceal
a felony committed in Maryland." (6 Wheat., 264.)
But the third section of this bill, Mr. Speaker,
is worse in all its purposes and intents and
policy than either of the others. It declares
that—
In all cases where insurrection, domestic violence,
unlawful combinations, or conspiracies in any State
shall so far obstruct or hinder the execution of the
laws thereof as to deprive any portion or claw of the
people, of such State of any of the rights, privileges, or
immunities named in and secured by this act, and the
constituted authorities of such State shall either be
unablo to, or shall, from any caw>e, fail in or mfme
protection of the people in such rights, and shall fail
or neglect, through the proper authorities, to apply
to the President oi the United States for aid in that
behalf, ftuch facts shall be deemed a denial by such
State of the equal protection of the laws to which they
aro entitled under the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States ; and
in all such cases xt shall be lawful for the President,
and it shall be his duty, to take such measures, by the
employment of the militia or the land and naval forces
of the United States, or of either, or by other means, as
he may deem necessary, for the suppression of such
insurrection, domestic violence, or combinations:
and any person who shall be arrested under the pro-
visions of this and the preceding section shall be
delivered to the marshal of the proper district to be
dealt with according to law.
Observe the monstrous powers that are by
this section proposed to be conferred on the
Federal Government and its chief officer 1 Who
is to determine when the combinations are
so great as to obstruct or hinder the execution
of the laws, or to deprive any persons of any
of these rights, privileges, or immunities, or
when the State authorities fail, or are unable
to give protection, or what shall constitute a
denial of equal protection? The President
of the United States! What king, queen, or
potentate, in any great nation on earth, pos-
sesses such power to-day? I know of none.
Is it safe to commit such vital issues to any
one human head or heart.
But the President is not only invested with
these unparalleled powers of determination
and construction. He may enforce his con-
clusions by the use of every physical arm of
the Government. He may use these agencies
in any manner that pleases him. He may
subvert civil law and State jurisdiction at his
pleasure. Not content with these extraordin-
ary powers, the bill further empowers him to
use any other means he riiay deem necessary. Is
not that the climax of liberality to a ruler?
Are not such powers imperial? No. I say
they are despotic and revolutionary. They go
far to establish republican absolutism. There
is no occasion for such reckless confidence in
any man. No facts exist in testimony or in
the country that justify or excuse its bestowal
upon the President. It has no precedent or
parallel. No such powers can be safely in-
trusted by a free people to any human being.
I verily believe no patriot would car^to possess
them. I know full well that no tyrant could
desire more. Human selfishness or ambition
could ask no ampler opportunities for personal
aggrandizement.
Mr. Speaker, I must not take my seat with-
out referring briefly to the fourth section. It
is that section which attempts to give the Pres-
ident of the UnitedStates, on these frivolous
grounds of assumption, power to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus, establish martial law,
and to declare war. It provides that—
Whenever in any State or part of a State the
unlawful combinations named in the preceding sec-
tion of this act shall be organized and armed, and
bO numerous and powerful as to be able by violence
to either overthrow or set at defiance theconstituted
authorities of such State, or when the constituted
authorities are in complicity with, or shall connive at
the unlawful purposes of, such powerful and armed
combinations; and whenever, by reason of either or
all of the causes aforesaid, the conviction of such
offenders and .the preservation of the public safety
shall become m such district impracticable, in every
such case such combinations shall be deemed a rebel-
lion against the Government of the United States, and
during the continuance of such rebellion, and within
the limits of the district which shall be so under the
sway thereof, such limits to be prescribed by procla-
mation, it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, when in hit- judgment the public safety
shall require it, to suspend the privilegesof the writ
of habeas corpus, and to declare and enforce,subject
to the Rules and Articles of Wavand other laws of the
United State? now in force applicable in case of
rebellion, martial law, to the end thatsuch rebellion
maybe overthrown: Provided, That the President
shall first have made proclamation, asnow provided
by law, commanding such insurgents to disperse:
And provided also, That the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not be in force after the 1st day of June,
A.D. 1872.
Mr. Speaker, what I have said concerning
the President's power of decision as to the
existence or non-existence of the conditions
indicated in the bill is as applicable to this
as to the third section. He alone, and without
appeal, review, or question, or responsibility
of any kind, except at the hands of Congress,
may determine when such unlawful combina-
tions exist, and where and when the States
are in complicity with them, and what organ-
ized resistance against the laws of any State
shall constitute rebellion against the United
States, the territorial extent of that rebellion,
and when the citizens of the State may be de-
nted the safeguard of the habeas corpus, and
be subjected to the arbitrary and merciless, if
not mercenary, hand of martial power and rule.
-Was such power everintrusted to Washington,
or any other Chief Magistrate, in peace or
war, in our history? Is there anything in the
capacity or conduct of the present Executive
to invite such unbounded trust in his wisdom
and patriotism?
It is a gross perversion of truth to assume
that any desire or intention to excite rebellion
exists anywhere in the country. It is simply
dishonest, and is indulged for interested pur-
poses. The utmost extent, of insubordination
is confined to a very small number of persons,
and they are in a few localities. They are
merely common criminals, without politics or
higher motives of action than the base aims
of individual offenders. It is undoubtedly
true that millions of people, good, loyal, and
true, dislike some of the southern State gov-
ernments as now organized. It is not in the
power of intelligent and virtuous citizens to
do less. Some of these governments utterly
fail to perform the most essential duties of
civil government, but have become mere in-
struments in the hands of incompetent or cor-
rupt and infamous men to impose burdens and
exactions upon their people. For these con-
ditions the Republican party, before God and
man, is chiefly responsible.
It would be infinitely better, safer, and wiser
to keep within the Constitution, to recognize
the rights of the States, to protect them in
their enforcement and enjoyment, when sum-
moned so to do under existing laws. Give
them back the utmost freedom of local self-
government, of which you have so long and
Unjustly deprived them ; remove from them
all disabilities, and thus invite them to assume
again all the rights, capacities, and responsi-
bilities of freemen ; let them organize their
local governments in the persons of their best
citizens ; do not force upon them bad, corrupt,
and incompetent officers, nor attempt to gov-
ern them by strangers, nor give the legal,
moral, or partisan support of Congress to the
political plunderers and oppressors who have
so long run riot among them. Then you may
hope for speedy restoration of law, order,
peace, real and enduring, in the South. Then
good men will be encouraged, the hand of
loyalty and virtue strengthened, and happiness
and material prosperity reestablished. Then
the South will become the cheerful handmaid
to all other sections of our country in bearing
our burdens and discharging our national
obligations.
