1871
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I do not withdraw
the objection, but I merely want to make a
test of this amendment. This is a bare-faced
case of undertaking to legislate upon matters
entirely foreign from all appropriations or
anything connected with appropriations; but
•if the Senate choose to decide that this is the
fit time and place to do this sort of thing, then
I am satisfied and will withdraw all the rest
nf the objections I have made as being a waste
af the time of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. There can be no objec-
tion to this in itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in this amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole. •'
Mr. POMEROY. As the Senator from
Vermont insists upon a vote, I wish to explain
\he amendment in one word. The amend-
ment was sent to me from the Department.
It has been reported to the Department that
Ihere are two or three cases where persons
have been appointed register or receiver when
they were living on their homesteads before
they had perfected their title. They cannot
take the proper oaths before themselves. Un-
tler the common law no person can be ajudge
in his own case. They cannot perfect the title
to their homesteads where they have made
their homes without resigning their offices.
This is to allow them to perfect their title by
sending their proofs and payments to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and to
permit him to do what they cannot do for
themselves.
Mr. THURMAN. The provision is mani-
festly proper ; but I call the attention of the
Senator from Kansas to the fact that he is vio-
lating the order of the Senate limiting busi-
ness, when he puts such a thing as that on the
appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I asked unanimous con-
tent and explainedit to the Senate, and it was
agreed to by unanimous consent. ■
Mr. THURMAN. Then it is all right.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Ver-
mont insists on a vote on this particular ques-
tion, of course I have no objection to a vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is something a
little curious about this, aside from the objec-
tion I made before. As I understand it, the
homesteaders have to stay a certain length of
time on their land in order to be entitled to it.
Mr. POMEROY. Five years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If a man gets appointed
register or receiver of a land office and moves
off his land into a town where he must have
his office, he forfeits his right. This little
amendment, which is perfectly innocent I have
no doubt, merely provides that a man may get
a homestead without complying with the law.
That is the object of it; and the distress, the
hardship that it proposes to remedy, is that a
man is obliged to ehosse between his home-
stead and au office, and under these circum-
stances he prefers to take the office; and now
we propose to give him the homestead in
addition 1
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to ask my
friend a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Cannot a man live on
his homestead and have his office in town ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know. That
would depend a little on where he lived and
how far off his homestead was. I do not sup-
pose my friend from Ohio lives on his home-
stead exactly and has his office here, does he?
Mr. THURMAN. I am considered a resi-
dent of Columbus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, you are considered
a resident of Columbus; but you do not plow
your own land much. Your plowing is of
quite a different character just now, not alto-
gether agricultural. Now, Mr. President, this
illustrates, and I only make this objection in
order to illustrate to the Senate the mischief
and folly of this species of legislation upon
bills of this character. Here the chairman
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 19.
of your Committee on Appropriations brings
in a bill to carry on the Government and
provide for its absolute necessities in the way
of small appropriations that had not been
provided for before, and it is made an omnibus
to carry parcels, an express wagon. Every
Senator who has a particular measure of local
importance to him, and of local propriety, if
you please to say so, because many of them
are, no doubt, proper in themselves, seeks
immediately to pile it upon this bill asavehicle
for carrying it through when you have no op-
portunity for separate and independent discus-
sion without being charged with intruding on
the time of the Senate. In this way you are
liable to do, and you do a great deal more
mischief to the Government and the people
than you do good. That is the reason chiefly
why 1 object to this amendment; and it being
confessedly a matter that has not the remotest
connection with this subject of appropriations,
if the Senate, after this matter being thus
brought to its attention, thinks fit to agree to
it, then all I have to say is, that out of defer-
ence to the Senate I shall make no further
objection, because it would be useless to object
to any of the other items.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to remind the
Senator from Vermont that there is nothing
required and nothing allowed under this amend-
ment that every homestead settler may not
enjoy now if he is not a register or receiver.
A man can commute a homestead for a pre-
emption at any time. Any man who is required
to live on a quarter section five years to get a
homestead, if he chooses not to live there five
years, may, if he will change his homestead to
a preemption and pay $1 25 an acre, abandon
his homestead entry at any time and pay his
$1 25 and get his title. This simply allows
these men to leave their homestead entries if
they choose, although in the instances I have
had my attention called to they do not have to
stop residing on them, for they do their busi-
ness in town and reside on the homestead ; but
it allows them to abandon the homestead filing
and to file as preemptors and pay $1 25 an
acre and get a title. Every man can now do
that on the public lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They can do it now?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; no preemptor
can perfect his title to himself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why?
Mr. POMEROY. Because he cannot swear
himself. The register has to administer the
oath to every preemptor, and he cannot ad-
minister the oath to himself. There is no pro-
vision of law to enable him to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Could he not do it
before he qualified as register?
Mr. POMEROY. He could if he had known
of his disability. There Is not a man settling
on the public lands to-day that cannot aban-
don his settlement as a homestead settler and
change it to a preemption, and pay $1 25 an
acre and get his title.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why did not these men
do it before they accepted the office?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 confess I did not know
myself until the case was sent to me from the
Department that a register or a receiver was
disabled by law from perfecting his title, and
they did not know it; but it came up in the
Department thatthey changed theirfilingsfrom
homesteads to preemptions, and then they could
not perfect the title as preemptors, because
they could not administer oaths to themselves.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
said there was no relief but to have Congress
allow them to perfect their titles before him or
some other officer of the Government. He
suggested the surveyor general, lie thought
they might perfect their title by taking the oath
before the surveyor general of the district, but
finally it was sent down to me as being bstter,
as all the proofs had to be sent up to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office thatthey
should send there with the others. That is the
reason it has been brought in here in this shape
and put on this bill. There is in it nothing
favorable to a man who has got an office that
is not the law in reference to every other citi-
zen if he has not^ot an office.
Mr. THURMAN. It has been the law ever
since we had a system of public lands that
the register could not enter a tract of land in
his own land office. He had to enter it by an
application to do so atthe General Land Office.
It is the same with the receiver. This is
nothing but carrying out the same principle.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon concurring in this amendment as made in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in—ayes
twenty-six, noes not counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, as I see it is per-
fectly useless, I withdraw any objeetion I made
or any request to reserve any of these amend-
ments. They may all be agreed to, because I
see it is useless to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
amendments reserved, one by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] in regard to printing
bank notes. Most of the remaining amend-
ments were agreed to to-day with the cogni-
zance of the Senate.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have had one amend-
ment reserved.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
aware of it. That and the amendment re-
served at the request of the Senator from Ohio
are the only remaining reserved amendments.
All the other amendments are concurred in.
The Chief Clerk read the following amend-
ment, which was reserved at the request of Mr.
Tuxjrman :
Sec. —. That the Comptroller of the Currency,
under the direction of the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury, shall cause to be engraved and prepared, on
such paper and of such form and design as he may
prescribe, blank circulating notes for national bank-
ing associations, and shall issue the same to the
national banking associations in place of the worn-
out and mutilated circulating notes, and to an equal
amount of such associations, and any additional
issue of national hank notes that may he made in
pursuance of law shall be in the new notes herein
provided |br, as soon as the same are ready for issue.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend that
amendment by adding to it this proviso : -
Provided, That one side of said notes shall be
printed by ono printing house, tho other side by
another printing house, and verification by the Gov-
ernment shall be made in the Treasury Department.
If that be accepted, I have not a word to say.
Mr. SHERMAN. The trouble about that
is that it places the Government of the United
States substantially in the power of two or
three bank-note companies.
Mr. THURMAN. You do not accept it?
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. THURMAN. Then allow me to go on.
I wish to say a word. This is a matter to
which my attention has been called and which
has attracted considerable attention in the
country. I have been spoken to about it by one
very intelligent gentleman, very much inter-
ested in the national banks, who is greatly
opposed to this proposition as it now stands in
the bill, because he is afraid that it will lead
to the entire printing of these notes in the
Treasury Department, it being the wish of
some persons connected with the Treasury
Department that that shall be done. I am told
that substantially this amendment has been
twice defeated in the House of Representa-
tives ; but how that is I do not know. The
mode heretofore pursued, as I am informed, is
this: one side of the bank note is printed by
one banking house ; that house engraves only
that side of the plate, and has no other plate
upon which the bank note is printed. Another
printing house engraves a plate for the other
side and prints it. Then there are certain
verifications to be made by the Government,
a seal to be stamped on; and the like. That is
done in the Treasury Department, and then
there is the final perfection of the note by the
signature of the bank officer; that is done in
the bank itself.
That is a very wise mode to avoid the dupli-
