290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
cation of these notes. If they were all printed
in one place and perfected in one place, it is
easy enough to see that if the bank-note plate
were stolen the notes might be duplicated to
any extent whatsoever ; and to avoid that it is
that this system, a very wise system, has been
adopted of contracting with one printing honse
to engrave one side of a plate and to print
that side of the note, with another printing
house to engrave the other side of the plate
and to print that side of the note, and then the
Government verification to be made in the
Treasury Department, and then, finally, the
verification of the bank by the signature of the
president of the bank to be made by that
official himself in the bank or wherever it is
done.
Now, there is an apprehension that if this
amendment be adopted to this bill, which pro-
vides for printing new notes to replace the
mutilated notes, and not only them, but to
supply the $54,000,000 of additional bank cur-
rency which we have authorized, that system
will be departed frotn and that the whole print-
ing will be taken into the Treasury Department.
If that should be done, we are, then, in some
danger of meeting with the same difficulty, of
encountering the same dishonesty which was
made the subject of investigation by the Sen-
ate, and upon which a committee of this body
reported. I have here an extract from the
report of that committee made by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmonds,] and I shall
ask that it be read by the Secretary. This
is a case in which it was alleged that some
of the securities bad been duplicated in the
Treasury Department. I ask that that be read,
or indeed, as that whole article from the New
Tlork Evening Post is better than any speech
I can make upon it, I will beg the Senate to
listen to the whole article. It is not very long,
but it is directly to the point. ["Oh, no!"']
Well, read the extract from the report of the
committee of which the Senator from Vermont
was chairman.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
_ "'The following extract from the report of the
joint select committee, lion. Senator Edmunds chair-
man, shows how deeply was the evil rooted and how
great was the necessity of reform :
" 'All these circumstances have satisfied the com-
mittee that methods of printing, numbering, sealing,
and issuing of the securities of the United States
ought to be adapted which will approach the near-
estto being absolutely secure against error and fraud,
even if such methods should be much more expens-
ive than others having le-'- guarantees of protection.
And it is obvious to the committee that the highest
safety is to be attained by so conducting the work
that no one or even two departments should have
it in their power to finish any note, bond, or coupon,
but that onepart of the engraving on the securities
should be printed by one establishment, and a suc-
ceeding part by another department, entirely dis-
tinct and separate from the first, and that the final
process of sealing and signing should be done by
still another distinct and separate department. By
such methods, each under separate and distinct con-
trol, the nearest approach possible to security will
be reached. And as all these securities require two
or three distinct processes of engraving, printing,
and may have a distinct process of sealing and sign-
ing, there is no practical difficulty whatever in
adopting such a course.
In the printing of the first fractional currency
called postal currency, which was perfect for issue
when printed, a similar method was pursued, one
bank company printing one side of a sheet with one
design and another the other with another design,
thus acting as cheeks upon each other. This secu-
rity we think eannot be attained where all the plates
are Kept together, under one control, where all the
various processes are done in one building, and sub-
stantially in the same room, where the employes are
in irequent intercourse with eaeh other, as has been
(?I1gnetiof.)Bar°aU °f th8 Tr8 «'
Mr. THURMAN. I could not add by any-
thing I might say to the force of that language
of the Senator from Vermont, who made that
report to the Senate. In answer to that it is
suggested to me by my colleague that there is
no necessity for this proviso of mine. 1 think
there ia necessity for it, or otherwise there
would not be this concern about it. It is said
that there is nothing in the law now that
requires this to be done. Manifestly, if there
is not in the law now that which requires it to
be done, there ought to be; and that is the
reason why I move the proviso, so that there
may be this security. On the other hand, if
the law now does require it to be done, there
can be no harm ia adopting the proviso, be-
cause otherwise it might be supposed that this
was a new substantive statute that supplanted
the former law. So, take it in either way, the
proviso ought to be adopted. I repeat, if there
is no law now which requires that to be done
which my amendment proposes shall be done,
the proviso ought to be adopted, so that shall be
the law. On the other hand, if that is now
the practice of the Department, no harm can be
done by crystallizing it into law, so that there
can be no difficulty about this matter.
This is a subject of great importance. Here
is the whole bank-note currency of the country
that is issued by the national banks, three hun-
dred and forty or three hundred and fifty mil-
lion dollars. It is of the utmost importance
to the people, and it is of the utmost import-
ance to these banks, too, that there shall be
as little room as possible for duplicating and
counterfeiting these notes, that there should
be as much confidence as possible in this cur-
rency; and I can see no objection, then, to
these safeguards recommended by a commit-
tee of this body, and which I have embodied
in the amendment I have offered.
There has been something said, too, about
the paper on which these notes are to be
printed. I kuow nothing about that. The
only thing that I know is that persons mate-
rially interested in this subject desire that some
such provision as that which I have offered
shall be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague has entirely
misapprehended the purpose of this amend-
ment. The amendment has been carefully pre-
pared by the Committee on Finance, and has
been twice substantially reported in this form
in connection with another subject. Now, if
the Senate will allow me to read the law as it
stands and State the explanation of it, they will
see at once the necessity of this amendment
and the objection to imposing any qualification
on the powerof the Secretary of the Treasury.
By the national banking act, under which all
these notes were issued, it is provided that—■
"In order to furnish suitable notes for circulation,
the Comptroller of the Currency is hereby authorized
and required, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to cause plates and dies to be en-
graved in the best manner to guard against coun-
terfeiting and fraudulent alterations, and to have
printed therefrom and numbered such quantity of
circulating notes in blank of the denominations of
SI, $2, S3. $5, $10, $20, $50, $100, $500, and $1,000 as
may be required to supply under this act the associa-
tions entitled to receive the same, which notes shall
express upon their face that they are secured by
United States bonds," &c.
Under this act the Secretary of the Treas-
ury issues regulations and provides that the
first impressions shall be put on a note by one '
bank-note company, and then that the second *
impression shall be put upon it by another '
bank-note company, and the other and chief
impression is put upon it at the Treasury De-
partment. Then it has to pass through the
various offices of the Treasury Department,
including the Register's office. It has to be
signed and countersigned in the Treasury of
the United States. It is then issued in blank
to the bank, and finally signed by the officers
of the bank. That is the process by which this
whole thing goes on; and it has nothing to do
with the question presented by the Committee j
on Retrenchment in the report which ha3 been
read.
It is not proposed in the least to alter this
mode of preparing and issuing the bank notes ;
but it so happens that in the process of time
many of the dies and plates upon which these
notes are printed have been counterfeited, and
it is therefore necessary when you supply the
place of mutilated notes and issue notes to the
new banks to replace some of those old dies
by new dies. Many of the bills have been so
successfully counterfeited that it is impossible
to detect them, and cases have occurred where
the Treasurer of the United States has received
as genuine bank bills that turned out to be
counterfeit.
It is therefore conceded on all hands that
it is absolutely necessary to engrave new dies
and change to some extent the ten, twenty
and fifty dollar bills. This eannot be done
under existing laws. Early in the last session
of Congress the Secretary of the Treasury
called our attention to this matter, and asked
us to provide some legislation by which author-
ity might be given to change these dies.
Mr. THURMAN. Nobody opposes that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary does not
propose to change the mode and manner in
which these notes are printed by different com-
panies. We passed, at the close of the last
session, a bill embracing this clause ; but a
controversy grew up in the other House with
regard to some of the provisions of the bill
with reference to the printing at the Treas-
ury Department. That bill required a certain
amount of printing to be done at the Treas-
ury Department. Objection was made in the
House; and finally, after considerable debate,
the bill was laid aside. I have since received
this letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
which shows the necessity of this particular
bill. The letter is dated March 24:
"Itseems .to me very important that some pro-
vision should be made at this session of Congress, if
practicable, for the issue of a now series of national
bank notes to take the place of those now in circula-
tion which are generally worn out or mutilated, and
some of the denominations have been counterfeited
so as to defy detection except by experts. If a sec-
tion could be added to the deficiency bill, or legis-
lation secured in some other way authorizing the
Comptroller of the Currency, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury. ' to cause to be en-
graved and prepared on such paper, and of such form
and design as he may prescribe, circulating notes for
national bank associations with authority to issuo
the same to said associations in place of worn-out and
mutilated currency notes of such associations: And
provided also. That any additional issue of national
banknotes which may be made in pursuance of law
shall be of the new notes whenever thesamearereadv
for issue,' the object sought for will be accomplished
substantially', and any additional legislation for a
compulsory redemption of the mutilated notes now
in circulation might beleftforfutureconsideration."
The amendment that is proposed was pre-
pared by the Secretary of the Treasury, sent
to us, and the Committee on Finance made it
correspond in hac verba with the banking act
as it exists now ; and it is but a copy of the
section I have already read, except that it
authorizes new plates and new dies to take the
place of those which have been so successfully
counterfeited.
My colleague asks, why the objection to the
proviso he has offered. I may here say that
the whole of the interest against this amend-
ment comes from the three bank-note com-
panies. There can be no other. The national
banks are desirous that the provision shall be
made.
I have seen letters upon letters and I have
official communication from bank officers desir-
ing protection against counterfeited notes. We
have been appealed to, not only in behalf of the
Government, but in behalf of the banks them-
selves. As the Government of the United
States undertakes to issue these notes to the
banks, they beg us to have such notes issued
that they cannot be counterfeited, and we have
been appealed to to adopt this remedy, and
compel the issue of new notes, where the pres-
ent bills are brought in as mutilated and worn
and torn, upon new dies and new plates. The
only interest opposed to this is the bank-note
companies.
Now, Mr. President, it is proposed to add
as an amendment to this section a proviso,
and what is it? My colleague has not got the
language he intended to use; he calls it a
printing house ; it ought to be a bank-note
engraving company. There are only three
bank-note engraving establishments in the
United States. His amendment requires this
work peremptorily to be done one portion by
one bank-note company, andanotherportion by
another bank-note company, and the mere sign-
ing or completingofthenotetobedone at the
