52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
United States shall be used against a nation
with whom the United States are at peace?
Has he the unlimited discretion to order the
use of arms in a contingency so defined by
himself'/ Let us consider. If he has that
discretionary power to define a contingency
in which the arms of the United States shall
be used in the actual commission of a bel-
ligerent act, then he has power to use the
arms of the United States to commit acts of
war in contingencies of his own choosing;
that is to say, whenever he pleases. And what
becomes of that provision of the Constitution
lodging the war making power in Congress?
It signifies nothing at all ; it is written in water.
Sir, that simple provision of the Constitution
that Congress shall have power to declare war
cannot by any rule of construction be inter-
preted to mean anything else but that Congress,
and not the President alone, shall define the
contingencies in which the belligerent power
of the United States is to be used. I there-
fore affirm that the President in ordering the
naval commanders of the United States to
capture and destroy by force of arms the ves-
sels of a nation with whom the United States
were at peace, in a contingency arbitrarily
defined by himself other than self defense, did
usurp the war-making power of Congress.
Mr. HOWJi. Will the Senator answer me
this question? Does he mean to say that the
President can only employ force in a case-
where its employment has been preceded by
an actual declaration of war by the Congress
of the United Slates?
Mr. SCHURZ. We know very well that
when the territory of the United States is
invaded lie has the right to employ force.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the high seas?
Mr. SCHURZ. There also in case of an
attack.
Mr. IIOWE. The Senator then admits that
force may be employed in cases where Con-
gress has not declared war; that eases may
exist in which the President may employ force
where war has not been declared by Congress.
He admits that.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I said so.
Mr. 110 WIS. Then will the Senator answer
me this other question: who shall determine
in what cases the President may or may not
employ that force where war has not been
formally declared by Congress, if President
Grant shall not?
Mr. SCHURZ. I think the Senator had
better formulate his question in this way: who
shall determine whether an invasion of the
United Slates is an invasion or not? Is not
that it? Who shall determine whether an
attack upon a vessel of the United States  
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator 
Mr. scnuiiz. In one moment. Who shall
determine wh 'iher an attack upon a vessel of
the United States on t.be high seas is an attack
or not ? Why, sir, is not that trifling with the
common-sense of the people?
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose an American
citizen in a foreign country is maltreated in
any way, deprived of his rights, and our Navy
is cruising m the waters of that country, has
the President of the United States any right
to use force for the protection of that citizen ?
Mr. SCHURZ. IftheSenatorfromNevada
will take the Congressional Globe for the year
1859, and look at a discussion which took
place on this floor on the 18th of February of
that year, he will fiud that President Buchanan
asked of Con gress power to protect by war-
like means tbe safety of citizens of t-he United
States on the transit route of Panama, and
that the Senate indignantly refused such dis-
cretionary authority.
Mr. STEWART. Let me ask the Senator,
if the Navy of the United States has no power
to protect our citizens abroad without an act
of Congress declaring war, when it is perfectly
obvious in most cases that all the virtue and
all the benefits of that protection will pass by
before the convening of Congress, before an
act can be had, why have an expensive navy
cruising in foreign waters?
Mr. SCHURZ. Is that all the Senator has
to ask?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not think that question
deserves an answer. [Laughter.]
As I have said, I repeat that the President
in ordering the naval commanders of the
United States to capture and destroy by force,
without being attacked, without our territory
being invaded by force, the vessels of a nation
with whom the United States were at peace,
in a contingency arbitrarily defined by him-
self, did usurp the war making power of Con-
gress; and I repeat it.
That a warlike collision between the forces
of the United States and those of a foreign
nation resulting in the actual use of arms and
the shedding of blood did not occur, is true ;
but I affirm, also, that the President after hav-
ing given those orders cannot claim the benefit
of that circumstance. The order to use force,
to destroy or capture Haytian vessels, and to
protect the Baez government against all com-
ers in certain contingencies was given in the
expectation, or, if it better please you, in the
apprehension at least, that such contingencies
would happen ; for had that apprehension not
existed the orders, in all probability, would
not have been given. It was believed that the
Haytians were actually invading the Domin-
ican republic, and that revolutionary parties
in the Dominican republic were actually
threatening the Baez government. It was
with reference to this very contingency that
the order to use force was given, and it was
most emphatically- enjoined upon our naval
commanders, as the record shows, that there
should bo no failure in this matter; and when
our war-vessels, with such orders, had sailed
on their mission, the effect of those orders was
just as much out of the President's control as
the cannon ball when it has left the muzzle of
the gun is out of the control of him who fires
the piece.
You are not permitted to say, gentlemen,
that it would have been an unfortunate acci-
dent it a collision had actually occurred, for
it was a most fortunate accident, but a mere
accident for all that, an accident absolutely un-
controllable by the President, that a collision
and bloodshed did not happen. When the
order had left our shores, the President had
done all that he could do to bring on that col-
lision. It was out of his power then to prevent
it, for not even the telegraph could reach our
naval vessels stationed on the coast of San
Domingo. As far as the peace and honor of
the country could be jeopardized and compro-
mised by him, he had actually jeopardized and
compromised it. As far as war could be made
by the President alone, the President actually
had made war. Who will deny it? It was an
accident out of his control that a bloody col-
lision did not take place. I therefore repeat,
that these orders, in themselves, constitute a
usurpation of the war powers of Congress,
under the fundamental law of this Republic.
Now let us see what Senators have to say to
controvert this argument or to weaken its
force. It is claimed that when the President
had agreed upon a treaty of annexation with
the Government of a foreign country, an -in-
choate right of the United States in that foreign
country had been created, and that then the
President bad underthe Constitution the power
to protect by force of arms that inchoate right
against all interference, just as be would have
the power to protect the territory of the Uni-
ted States against invasion. Let us see what
logical results will follow from such a doctrine
as that.
From whom does the President claim to
obtain the power to protect by acts of war the
inchoate right in a foreign country assumed
to have been created by a treaty not perfected
by the consent of the benate? He certainly
does not claim to have obtained that power
from Congress, from the only branch of the
Government in which by the Constitution the
war-making power is lodged, for Congress had
not been consulted on the subject and Con-
gress had not spoken. By virtue of what, then,
does the President claim sueh power to enforce
an inchoate right? By virtue of the mere
project of a treaty, which, although concluded
between himself and a foreign Power, had not
become tbe law of the land by the sanction of
the Senate; and who made that project of a
treaty? The President made it himself, of his
own motion and pleasure, in conjunction with
a foreign Government.
Thus, then, gentlemen claim that the Presi-
dent, of whom nobody pretends that he pos-
sesses the power to initiate a war of his own
motion under the Constitution, still does pos-
sess the power, by making a treaty, to create
an inchoate right of the United States in some
foreign territory, and having by his own arbi-
trary act created that inchoate right, he ba3
tbe power at his own arbitrary pleat.ure, with-
out authority from Congress, to commit acts
of war for the enforcement of that inchoate
right. In other words, it is claimed that the
President, by an act performed by himself at
his own arbitrary pleasure, in conjunction with
a foreign Government, may obtain for himself
alone the war making power, which the Con-
stitution expressly vests in Congress. I look
upon this as perhaps the hugest absurdiiy, the
most audacious preposterosity, the most mis-
chievous, dangerous, and anti republican doc-
trine that ever was broached on the floor of
the Senate. When we hear advocated in the
American Senate so wild a heresy, that the
President, by a mere sleight of hand, may steal
from Congress tbe war making power, does it
not occur to you, Senators, that it is at last
tune that such theories and such acts should
be sifted to the botiom by independent men?
But I am asked, may not the United States
during the pendency of a treaty of annexation
assume a protectoiate over the country to be
annexed, so as to prevent foreign interven-
tion ? Most assuredly the United States may
do that. The United States may do that by
force of arms, may do it by acts of war, may
in every possible way enforce that protection.
The United States may do that by a simple
exercise of their sovereignty, may do it even
without a tieaty, may do it just as the United
States, by a simple exercise of their sover-
eignty, may declare war, with or without rea-
son, against any country in the world. But
wheredoes that sovereignty reside? Dors that
sovereignty reside in the President alone?
This is, perhaps, the first time in the history
of this country that such a doctrine has been
imported upon the floor of the American
Senate.
The Constitution tells you that, as to the
power to initiate war, that sovereignty is
vested in Congress, and not in tho President
alone. If, then, an inchoate right assumed to
have been created by the President's own act
is to be enforced by acts of war, the United
States can certainly do it, bin Congress, and
not the President alone, is, according to the
letter and the spirit of the Constitution, tho
branch of this Government to decide the ques-
tion whether sueh protection involving a
question of war shall be enforced or not. If
the President desired to protect an inchoate
right in the republic of San Domingo after
