1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
Treasury of the United States. Under the pres-
ent regulations, in brder to guard against any
danger of loss, a portion of this work is done
by one bank-note company, and a portion by
another, and the great bulk of it is done at
the Treasury Department; but if this proviso
is put on here the Secretary of the Treasury is
compelled to negotiate for the chief part of
this work with the bank-note companies, and
it does not give him any power to get competi-
tion between them, because any two of the
three could compel him to give them this work
at any price they chose to demand.
Since the foundation of the national bank-
ing system it has always been left to the dis-
cretion of the Comptroller of the Currency,
subject to the revision of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to say by whom this work should
be done and where done, and to prescribe the
dies and plates on which it should be done.
These bank-note companies insist on printing
these notes on the old dies and old plates, and
have uniformly opposed the effort to have new
dies and new plates for the protection of the
people of the United States.
This is tho whole case. It is true the sec-
tion as it now stands does not go so far as the
Committee on Finance proposed to go, for we
proposed to provide for the compulsory can-
cellation of the outstanding bank notes, in
order to guard the Treasury; but that has
been stricken out; and now it is simply a pro-
vision that when bank notes are sent in in the
ordinary course, under the law, for exchange
for new notes, those new notes, together with
the notes of the new banks to be organized
from time to time, shall be printed on these
new plates. I say, therefore, it ought not to
be embarrassed by any provision of law which
will tie up the hands of the Secretary in nego-
tiating with these bank-note companies.
I have here to say, also, that it is shown by
the most positive proof and the clearest state-
ment that this work could be done much more
cheaply by the Treasury Department; that the
saving to the Government would be about sixty
per cent.
Mr. THURMAN. To the Government?
Mr. SHERMAN. To the Government.
Mr. THURMAN. The Government or the
banks, which?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to the Government,
and 1 will explain that in a moment. But we
do not propose to change that. I here say
that the Secretary of the Treasury does not
propose to change it, never has contemplated
it, does not intend to do it; but he intends to
substitute for the paper now used, under the
Treasury regulations, a new kind of paper dis-
covered since 1864 ; and that is the very kind
of paper on which our greenbacks are now
printed. That paper cannot be photographed,
because if photographed at once a counterfeit
is detected. The paper upon which our United
States notes are now printed is a peculiar kind
which upon being photographed at once enables
a very ordinary person to detect almost any
counterfeit, but the bank notes are printed on
the old paper, under the old law and old regu-
lations.
Mr. CONKLING. IIow does the Senator
mean that the paper cannot be photographed?
Mr. SHERMAN. The photographing of a
United States note at once shows the counter-
feiting on account of the peculiarity of the
paper. Counterfeiters cannot counterfeit the
paper that is now used by the Government of
the United States in printing its notes with-
out being detected. I am not sufficiently ex-
pert to state to the Senate the peculiar reason,
but I think the difficulty is in photographing
the peculiarity of the color. There are certain
chemical properties in the color of the paper,
and it is the same with the Bank of England
notes. The great check and the great safety
of a Bank of England note is that it is utterly
impossible to counterfeit the paper—not the
printing, for that can be done; but in the manu-
facture of the paper there is a secret that has
been preserved for many years.
There was one question my colleague asked
me a moment ago. He says this is not a saving
to the Government, but a saving to the banks.
On the other hand, we levy for the express
purpose of printing these notes and furnishing
them to the banks a tax of one per cent, on the
amount of circulation annually. Every year we
levy $3,000,000 upon the national banks for the
purpose of printing their notes and replacing
mutilated notes, &c. This is levied for the ex-
press purpose of paying the expenses of main-
taining the banking establishments of the United
States. The result has been that we have paid
all that expense out of about one third of the
amount we have collected from the banks. We
levy every year as a permanent tax aboutthree
million dollars. Out of that we pay the ex-
pense of the banking system, the management
of the Comptroller's office, the printing of these
notes, and all the expenses connected with the
banking system, now amounting to about six
hundred thousand dollars. The profit all over
thisgoes intotheTreasury of theUnited States;
and, as a matter of course, any saving the Gov-
ernment may make in the printing of these
notes will inure to the benefit of the Govern-
ment. But there is no expectation now of
changing the ;mode and manner of printing
these notes ; it is proposed only to provide ad-
ditional guards and securitiesin thenewengrav-
ing and the proposed new regulations, and
perhaps the substitution of the paper that is
now used by the Government for printing the
greenbacks instead of the paper that is now
used for printing the bank notes.
The only objection I have to the proviso of
my colleague, therefore, is that it might limit
and control and curb in the interest of the
bank-note companies the power of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which has never been
abused. From the beginning of the system to
this hour that plan of printing the notes has
always been applied; and the attempt to print
all the bonds in the Treasury of the United
States, which occurred some years ago, and
which, I believe, the Committee on Retrench-
ment reported against, has never been applied
so far as the bank notes are concerned. They
have always been printed in this way, and there
is no intention to change it.
The only effect of this proviso would be to
curb and limit and somewhat change the pres-
ent regulations, because under the present reg-
ulations the great body of the printing is done
at the Treasury Department; but the first stamp
is put on by one bank-note company, the second
stamp by another bank-note company, the third
stamp by the Engraving Bureau at the Treas-
ury Department, and then it goes into the hands
of the Register, is signed, countersigned, and
recorded, and then into the hands of the Treas-
urer of the United States, who again counts the
sheets and preserves a record of them. Then
it goes to the banks in blank, each bank being
charged with the notes issued, and of course
there the notes are signed by the officers of the
bank; and then for the first time they are issued
as paper money.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that the only
objection made by my colleague to the amend-
ment which I propose is that it would limit the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and put him at the mercy of the bank-note en-
graving companies. That cannot be so unless
the Secretary wants to take the engraving and
printing of these notes into the Treasury, for my
amendment does not propose thathe shall em-
ploy this bank-note company or that bank-
note company, and unless he intends to take
the engraving and the printing of these notes
into the Treasury Department—the very thing
that ought not to be done, the very thing that
a committee of this body has reported ought
not to be done in regard to the Government
securities—unless he intends to do that, the
proposition that I make does not limit his
discretion in the least.
t My colleague admits that my proposition is
simply to crystallize in the form of law what
now is the practice of the Department, but
which there is apprehension it is designed to
depart from. _ Now, sir, that being the case, I
submit there is no objection to the proposition
that I have made.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact that I have not opposed the engrav-
ing of new plates. The amendment I offer
does not prevent the engraving of new plates.
Although the bank-note companies are now
under obligation to keep their plates retouched,
as it is called, so as to make them always good,
yet if the Secretary of the Treasury believes
that new plates or new designs ought to be
engraved, I have no objection to that; I have
no word to say against it. Let new plates be
engraved. I have no objection to that.
Then, in respect to the paper; the amend-
ment which I propose does not limit the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Trearury in
regard to the paper at all. He can prescribe
what the paper shall be. If he wishes to pre-
scribe green paper, like that upon which the
greenbacks are printed, in order to prevent
counterfeiting by photography, let him do it.
That is a very simple thing. The only reason
why the greenbacks cannot be counterfeited
by photography is that you cannot by the pho-
tographic process reproduce gceen. It is sim-
ply the color of the note. I think I am right;'
but if I am wrong I shall be very happy to be
corrected. That, I believe, is the truth about
it; it is simply because the green cannot be
reproduced by photography in all its details;
that you cannot by photography make a coun-
terfeit of a greenback. But, however that
may be, this amendment of mine does not
prevent the Secretary of the Treasury from
prescribing any kind of paper that he pleases
or any kind of color of the bank note that he
pleases. It leaves everything of that kind as
fully at his discretion as it is now. It simply
makes it a requisition of law that this same
mode, which has been heretofore pursued to
prevent the duplication of these notes shall
be pursued in the future, and that he shall
not take the printing of all these notes into the
Treasury Department, where there will not be
safeguards against their duplication.
I now send up a modification of my amend-
ment, because, drawing it up in haste, I had
omitted a very material part of it in regard to
the engraving of the plates. I ask that it be
rSThe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The modified amendment
to the amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That one side of said notes shall be
printed by one bank-note engraving house on plates
engraved by it, and tho other sido by aDOther such
house on plates engraved by it, and the verification
by the Government shall be mado in the Treasury
Department.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise, not to support
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
although I am as unable as he is to see how
the adoption of his amendment would subject
the Treasury Department to the requisition of
monopolists. If now, with three bank-note
companies, as his colleague says, the Treasury
Department is safe in contracting for the doing
of this work, I am unable to see why it would
not be equally safe under the provision which
the Senator from Ohio farthest from me [Mr.
Thurman] proposes. Indeed, I am willing
upon that point to commit myself to this dec-
laration : my observation has not taught me,
in the case of the government of the State of
New York, or any other government whose
operations 1 have been enabled to witness,
that work of this description or of any descrip-
tion can be done better than by employing
the services of persons skilled in that business
and allowing them to compete with each other.
