292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
I arose, however, for the purpose of speak-
ing of this proposition in a different view. I
regret that it is here. I regret that it comes
to be considered upon this bill in the form of
an amendment, wfiich is in manuscript I see,
which has never been printed in its present
form, and which those interested in some
branches of this subject did not expect, I am
sure, to be considered now. I hope the amend-
ment, whether it shall be amended as is now
proposed or not, will fail, either here or in the
House or in a conference committee, as I feel
very confident, looking to some recent expe-
rience, it will.
Mr. President, I am inclined to think that
the real question here is not in reference to the
banks reprinting their notes. I wish to say
that I make no objection to that or to any
provision of law requiring a reprint or any-
thing which is deemed necessary by the Treas-
ury Department. Nor is the whole question
in reference to the place where or the parties
by whom the printing shall be done. The
words in the amendment in reference to paper,
"upon the kind of paper which may be pre-
scribed by the Comptroller of the Currency,"
I think play a more importa*t part in this
question than some of its other branches.
It has been said that the greenbacks, one of
which I hold in my hand, are printed upon a
particular kind of paper, and that it is impos-
sible to counterfeit that paper, and the Sen-
ator from Ohia thinks that one trouble is that
by sun light, by photographing, you cannot
reproduce colors. I understand the difficulties
in counterfeiting this paper are of quite a
different kind. I will read one of these diffi-
culties. On the back of every greenback are
printed words declaring a variety of things to
be a felony, among others this: having in pos-
session various things, among which is, "hav-
ing any paper made in imitation of the paper
on which it is printed."
Now, if you will say bylaw that when a cer-
tain brand has been put upon paper it is coun-
terfeiting to put that brand upon a piece of
Eaper, that is a crime undoubtedly. That has
een said in regard to this paper. Is there
anything peculiar in this paper? I am not an
expert either, bat I am expert enough to see
that it is not green paper, because I have it
before me, but it is white paper, as every Sen-
ator can sec that it is by looking at what is
imprinted. But it is said that the patentee of
this paper has discovered some marvelous
process by which fiber is distributed in it, and
if Senators will take the trouble to look at it
they will see in this paper the presence of
what is called fiber. They will see fine marks
unevenly distributed, that look like hairs as
they appear on the face of the paper, and the
particular magic, I am told—I do not speak-
on my own information merely of all this; I
speak on the information of those who have
examined very carefully the two patents, as
they are styled, under which this paper is
made—the particular magic is that these fibers
are thus distributed, and that when you look
against the light, or with the light falling upon
the paper, you see hair strokes, which consist
of fibers, alleged in the contract to be silk.
I have some information on that point, but
I forbear to go into it at this moment. Now,
I am told, and I am told it so certainly that
I cannot doubt it, that there is nothing new in
all this; that unlike being a secret, such as is
the manufacture of German cologne, which
has been handed down by one family for many
generations, unlike the manufacture of such
paper as is used by the Bank of England, and
unlike many other things masked from the
common eye, this is a very ordinary thing.
Indeed, I aai told that there is a case where
a paper manufacturer finds himself accident-
ally in the possession of a large quantity of
paper like this, which he is forbidden by law
to dispose of because somebody who has a con-
tract for printing this paper has managed to
get his paper approved at the Treasury De-
partment, and has managed to have put upon
the back of this note something that looks as
if it was a piece of wisdom, to die with him;
as if it was an invention which had been born
with him, or conceived under his patent; all
of which, I am told, will not bear investiga-
tion or examination.
In regard to this amendment, of course, I
do not mean to speak of the motive of the Sen-
ator in presenting it, or of the form of the
amendment; but the idea which is embodied
in it, I am told, consists very largely of bring-
ing this reprinting into such relations that it
must be upon paper to be prescribed by the
Department: and inasmuch as this patentee
has succeeded in having, for the time being,
his paper accepted by the Department, all
this printing is to go on upon that paper. It
is possible, if there is no evidence except that
which I now furnish, it is much more than
possible, that there is very good reason for all
this; but those thoroughly skilled in the sub-
ject do not believe it; and I repeat, that I am
sorry the matter should be considered in this
way. I wish it had been at a time when the
public expectation would anticipate its con-
sideration, to the end that other Senators might
have been furnished with the facts which have
been brought to me, and only a small part of
which I have now presented to "the Senate.
I wish to make no objection, I repeat again,
to anything which is thought wiseas a require-
ment upon the banks, to reprint their notes,
to call in by compulsion or invitation mutilated
notes, to do anything that maybe desirable in
that way ; but I am not convinced, Imustsav,
upon the facts, as I understand them, that it
is wise for the Treasury Department to add to
its many functions now the business of print-
ing these notes and enlarging what I must
call the monopoly of the paper furnished for
this purpose.
Of course I cannot doubt that the Secretary
deems this paper valuable ; that he was moved
by good reasons of his own, or by those to
whom he committed the subject originally, in
selecting this paper ; but my impression is that
a fair consideration of the subject at the pres-
ent time will show that the Treasury is paying
pretty dearly for an article which is riot valu-
able as compared with other articles of the
kind for this purpose, and which, in truth,
furnishes no security against counterfeiting
which would not be furnished by other kinda
of paper equally, and, as I am told, better.
Therefore, I am opposed to this amendment,
whether the amendment to it succeeds or not,
and I think that the judgment which has been
expressed two or three times in the other
House had better prevail and this subject be
taken up at a time when the consideration of it
is expected, and when we can know more about
it than we are likely to know in this session at
this stage of it.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me a moment. Upon a statement made to
me by my colleague, I am satisfied that I ought
not to have modified my original amendment,
and therefore I stand by the motion to amend
as I made it originally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say only a word.
I know the intention of my honorable friend
from California, but I wish to say a word in
reply to what has been stated.
Mr. COLE. It is so late in the afternoon
that I feel very doubtful of keeping a quorum
here until this can be disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a matter of con-
siderable importance. I will state again that
so far as this amendment offered by me is con-
cerned, after examination by the Committee
on Finance especially at the last session of
Congress, it does not enlarge in the slightest
degree the power of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury except that it authorizes him to substitute
new dies, new plates, new engravings, and to
require the new notes to be printed upon the
new engravings.
Mr. CONKLING. And upon such paper
as he prescribes.
Mr. SHERMAN. No more than the old
law. It does not enlarge to the slightest degree
his discretion in that respect. The Senator
from New York seems to have falleu under a
misapprehension. This does not change the
present law in any particular, except that the
new notes must be printed on the new dies and
plates required.
Mr. CONKLING. Surely my honorable
friend knows that the national bank notes are
not printed on this paper now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it; but I am not
sure that the Secretary of the Treasury has not
the power under the present law to require it.
Mr. CONKLING. But they are not so
printed in fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment does
not say anything about paper. It reenacts
the present law in hcec verba, because the
Senator from Delaware who examined this
question with me got the old law and he and I
drew this amendment in the very language of
the old law, so as not to enlarge the power of
the Secretary in the least, but only to provide
for the particular case.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my honorable friend
allow me to read the amendment to him?
The Secretary of the Treasury shall cause to bo
engraved and prepared, on such paper and of such
form and design as ho may prescribe, fic., bank cir-
culating notes.
That was in the law which he has before
him, it is true, but it has been exhausted once.
These notes are upon a certain kind of paper.
Now he brings in an amendment which is to
speak hereatter, and which requires all these
notes to be reprinted on paper prescribsd. In
the mean time the paper which I have been
referring to has been prescribed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then here is the condi-
tion in which you leave the Secretary of the
Treasury: "you require him to issue these
new notes on old plates that have been coun-
terfeited over and over again, on old paper
that has none of the safeguards which new
paper may have ; you do not allow him to
avail himself of the benefits of modern expe-
rience and the experience derived from six or
seven years issue of these notes ; but you re-
quire him to issue and print these notes upon
the old plates because the law requires ex-
pressly that the new notes given for mutilated
notes shall be of the form and character of the
old notes. You require him therefore to issue
notes that are now successfully counterfeited ;
and what for? There never has been any abuse
of the discretionary power contained in this
law, never has been any alleged abuse, and no
one supposes there could be any.
I only press the amendment now at this late
hour because I am informed by officers of the
Government, by the Secretary of the Treasury
in his letter, that this amendment is virtually
necessary to the safety of our bank note cir-
culation, and there is no interest against it
excepting some people who contest about the
right to print these notes or the right to fur-
nish the old paper instead of the new. Surely
we can trust the officers of our Government
with this discretionary power.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to.say to him that my amendmentdoes not take
from the Secretary of the Treasury one parti-
cle of discretion that is vested in him. I do
not propose to touch the amendment offered
by my colleague. Let the Secretary of the
Treasury require new plates to be engraved ;
let hiin prescribe the paper. I do not object
to that at all. My amendment does not touch
the amendment offered by my colleague. It
simply requires additional safeguards, safe-
guards that shall prevent the duplication of
these notes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
