294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
Mr. THORMAN'. That is amendable, ia it
net?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. The
Chair undprstands it is open to amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The first thing is to ascer-
tain whether there is a quorum present.
Mr. COLE. The yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. The yeas and nays would
be upon the amendment as amended, and I
wish it amended farther.
The presiding officer. no action
can be had until it is ascertained whether there
is a quorum present.
Mr. THURMAN. Then let there be a call
of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Letthe Chair count the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again take the sense of the Senate upon a
rising vote upon a division.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 16.
Mr. THURMAN". I demand the yeas and
nays, in order to enable me to offer the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is open
to amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move to add this
proviso:
Provided, That such extension and buildings shall
not cost over $100,(H)0.
If this proviso shall not be adopted we shall
appropriate $100,000 now, and then be asked
for $50,000 more nest winter.
Mr. CALDWELL. I accept that amend-
ment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The hill was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. Cole, its title was amended
so as to read :
An act making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for theserviee of the
year ending June 33, 1871, and additional apprn-
pviitions for the service of the year ending June 30,
1872, and forotber purposes.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The moiion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 27, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
was read and approved.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I ask to
have the resolutions read which I offered.
1 he VICE PR F3 IDE NT. The Senator from
Massachusetts moves ihat the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the resolutions offered
by him on Friday last and received by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
admission of ladies.
Mr. FENTON. i suppose I should be war-
ranted _ by the practice of the Senate, in such
exceptional cases as are now presented, at least
in moving to admit ladies to the cloak rooms
to day. I may state that there are hundreds
of ladies outside who are unable to get ad mis
sion to the galleries and who are anxious to
listen to the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chuseiis. i move that they be permitted to
enter the cloak-rooms and corridors at least.
^ 1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York a&ks unanimous consent that ladies
may be admitted into the cloak-rooms and cor-
ridors at the back of the Senate Chamber for
this day. Is there objection? The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. FENTON. If it is in accordance with
the precedent, I also ask that they be admitted
on the floor of the Senate ; but I am not cer-
tain that that is according to- the practice in
such c&s6st
Mr. POMEROY. It lias not been custom-
ary to admit them to the floor of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not been
within the usage of the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. Then i withdraw the re-
quest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will execute the order of the Senate,
allowing ladies to enter the cloak-rooms, and
also the corridors, and the doors will be opened
between the corridors and the Senate Chamber.
employment op navy at san doaiingo.
Mr. THURMAN. I suppose it is under-
stood the Senator from Massachusetts will not
be interrupted by the expiration of the morn-
ing hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no unfin-
ished business of Saturday, and consequently
there is no business to be called up at one
o'clock. The Secretary will report the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolutions regarding the employment of the Navy
of the United States on the coasts of St. Domingo
during the pendency of negotiations for the acqui-
sition of part of that island.
Whereas any negotiation by one nation with a
people inferior in population and power, having in
view the acquisition of territory, should be above all
suspicion ot influence from superior force, and in tes-
timony to this principle Spain boasted that therein-
corpor&tion of Dominica, with her monarchy in 1861
was accomplished without the presence of a single
Spanish ship on the coast, or a Spanish soldier on the
land, all of which appears in official documents; and
whereas the United States being a Republic, founded
on the rights of man, cannot depart from such a
principle and such a precedent without weakening
the obligations of justice between nations, and in-
flicting a blow upon Republican Institutions: There-
fore,
1. Resolved, That in obedience tocorrect principle,
and that Republican Institutions may not, suffer, the
naval forces of the United States should be with-
drawn from the coasts of St. Domingo during the
pendency of negotiations for the acquisition of any
part of that island.
2. Resolved, That every sentiment of justice is dis-
turbed by the employment of foieign force in the
maintenance of a ruler engaged in selling his coun-
try, and this moral repugnance is increased when
it is known that the attempted sale is m violation
of the constitution of the country to be sold; that,
therefore, the employment of our Navy to maintain
Baez in usurped power while attempting to sell his
country to ihe United States, in open violation of the
Dominican constitution, is morally wrong, and any
transaction founded upon it must be null and void.
3. Resolved, Thatsince tholSquality of all Nations,
without regard to population, size, or power, is an
axiom of International Law, as the equality of all
men is an axiom of our Declaration of Independ-
ence, nothing can be done to a small or weak nation
that would not be done to a large or powerful nation
or that we would not allow to be done to ourselves;
and therefore any treatment of the Republic of Hay ti
by theJNavy oi the United States inconsistent with
this principle is an infraction of International Law
in one ot its great safeguards, and should be dis-
avowed by the Government of the United States.
4. Resolved, Tnat since ccrtain naval officers of
the United States, commanding large warships,
including the monitor Dictator and the frigate Sev-
ern, with powert'ularmaments, acting under instruc-
tions from the Executive and without the authority
of an act of Congress, have entered one or more
ports of the Republic of Hayti, a friendly nation,
and under the menace of open and instant war have
coerced and restrained that Republic in its sover-
eignty and independence under International Law;
therefore, in justice to the Republic of Hayti. also
in recognition of its equal rights in the family of
nations, and indeference to the fundamental princi-
ples ot our institutions, these hostile acts should be
disavowed by the Government of the United States.
5. Resolved, That under the Constitution of the
United States the power to declare war is placed
under the safeguard of an act of Congress ; that the
President alone cannot declare war; that this is a
peculiar principle ot our Government by which it is
distinguished from monarchical Governments, where
power to declare, war, as also the treaty-making
power, is in the Executive alone ; that in pursuance
of this prinople the President cannot, by any act
ef his own, as by an unratiliod treaty, obtain any
such power, and thus divest Congress of its control;
and that therefore the employment of the Navy
without the authority of Congress in acts of hostility
against a friendly foreign nation, or in belligerent
intervention in the affairs of a foreign nation, is an
infraction of the Constitution of the United States
and a usurpation of power not conferred upon the
President.
6. Resolved, Thatwhile thePresident, without any
previous declaration of war by act of Congress,
may defend the country against invasion by foreign
enemies, he is not justified in exercising the same
power in an outlying foreign island, which has not
yet become part of the United States; that a title
under an unratified treaty is at most inchoate and
contingent, while it is created by the President
alone, in which respect it differs from any such title
created by act of Congress; and since it is created
by the President alone, without the support of law,
whether in legislation or a ratified treaty, the em-
ployment of the Navy in the maintenance of the
Government there is without any excu;?eof national
defense, as also without any excuse of a previous
declaration c" war by Congress.
7. Resolved, That in any proceedings for the acqui-
sition of part of the island of St. Domingo, whatever
may be its temptations of soil, climate, and produc-
tions, there must be no exercise of influence by
superior force, nor any violation of Public Law,
whether international or constitutional; and there-
fore the present proceedings, which have been con-
ducted at great cost of money, under the constant
shadow of superior force, and through the belliger-
ent intervention of our Navy, acting in violation of
International Law, and initiating war without an act
of Congress, must be abandoned, to the end that
justice may be maintained and that proceedings so
adverse to correct principles may not become an
example for the future.
8. Resolved, That instead of seeking to acquire
part of the island of St. Domingo by belligerent in-
tervention. without the authority of an act of Con-
gress, it would have been in better accord with the
principles of our Republic, and its mission of peace
and beneficence, had our Government, in the spirit
of good neighborhood and by friendly appeal, instead
of belligerent intervention, striven for the establish-
ment of tranquillity throughout the whole island, so
that the internal dissensions of Dominica and its
disturbed relations with Hayti might be brought to
a close, thus obtaining that security which is the
first condition of prosperity, all of which, being in
the nature of good offices, would have been without
any violation of International Law, and without any
usurpation of "SVar Powers under the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair another
resolution, to go in after the sixth, which I ask
to have read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts modifies his resolution by adding
after the sixth resolution what will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
7. Resolved, That whatever may be the title to ter-
ritory under an unratified treaty, it is positive that
after the failure of the treaty in the Senate all pre-
text of title ceases, so that our Government is in all
respects a stranger to the territory, without excuse
or apology for any interference against its enemies,
foreign ordoinestic; and therefore any belligerent
intervention or act of war on the coasts of St. Do-
mingo after the failure of the Dominican treaty in
the Senate is unauthorized violence, utterly without
support in law or reason, and proceeding directly
from that kingly prerogative which is disowned by
the Constitution of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The numbering
of the succeeding resolutions will be changed
from seven and eight to eight and nine, respect-
ively.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, entering
again upon this discussion I perform a duty
which cannotbe avoided. I wish it were other-
wise, but duty is a task-master to be obeyed.
On evidence now before the Senate, it is plain
that the Navy of the United States, acting un-
der orders from Washington, has been engaged
in measures of violence, and of belligerent
intervention, being war, without the authority
of Congress. An act of war without the au-
thority of Congress is no common event. This
is the simplest statement of the case. The
whole business is aggravated when it is con-
sidered that the declared object of this vio-
lence is the acquisition of foreign territory,
being half an island in the Caribbean sea , and
still further, that this violence has been em-
ployed, first, to prop and maintain a weak ruler,
himself a usurper, upholding him in power that
he might sell his country ; and, secondly, it has
been employed to menace the Black Republic
of Hayti.
Such a case cannot pass without inquiry. It
is too grave for silence. For the sake of the
Navy, which has been the agent, for the sake
of the Administration under which the Navy
acted, for the sake of Republican Institutions
which suffer when the Great Republic makes
itself a pattern of violence, and for the sake
of the Republican Party, which cannot afford
to become responsible for such conduct, the
case must be examined on the facts and the
law, and also in the light of precedent, so far
as precedent holds its torch, Whea I speak for
