56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28.
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Sehurz.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
against foreign invaders, but against the people
of the very country that is to bo annexed ;
thus to protect, not only the territory of the
country to be annexed, but to protect the per-
son of Baez in the control of thatGovernment;
ay, sir, Baez, who himself had become the
ruler of that country by a revolutionary act,
overturning the constitutionally-elected Gov-
ernment, of thatcauntry, Baez is to be protected
in the possession of his usurped power by the
arms of the United States against the people
of his own country if they should attempt to
restore their constitutional Government.
Mr. MORTON. There is nothing of that
kind in the whole evidence, not a word.
Mr. SCHURZ. Ah! I am glad the Senator
from Indiana calls my attention to that. Let
us see. Here is the report of the Secretary
o( i,he Navy, which the Senator from Indiana
will undoubtedly acknowledge to be good evi-
dence of a documentary character:
Instructions to Commodore Green.
" .Navy Department, February 9,1370."
^ * -I< -S i. # i.
"Whjlo that treaty is pending, thoGovernment of
t be U nited otatts has agreed to afford countenance
ana assistance to tho Dominican pcopleagainst their
f nemics tynv in the island and m revolution against
tno lawfully constituted Government, and you will
use the force at yoitrcommand to resist any attempts
by the enemies of the Domiuican republic to invade
the Dominican territory by land or sea, so far as
your power can reach them. Of course, a great deal
n>u>t oo eft to your discretion, but by communicat-
iiiff freely with I resident i3;ioz he will show you
the stipulations of the nsreement drawn up bctweon
the United otatos and the Dominican Government,
which will explain to you how taryoaaro author-
i7.od to act. While strictly complying with tho
agreement between the United States and Domin-
ican Government, you will avoid difficulties with
loreign i'owcrs when it is possible to do so, and will
wain an v n-jvul force litting out from JInyti, or any
part ox the Dominican republic now in revolution,
unit the United States will not permit any hostile
acts tp bo committed against tho Dominicans."
the Senator from Indiana understand
and appreciate that lanaua&e?
-Mr. MORTON. 1 do, sir.
Mr. SCIIUHZ. I will go further. The Sec-
retary of tho Navy says to Lieutenant Com-
mander Alien, of tho Swnlara:
tl , " Navy Dicpahtmext, January 31,1870.
hiii; You will proceed with nil dispatch, without
waiting lor inspection, to tho eitv of i3an Domingo,
in the cast end of the island oi llayti, and report to
the oomumndinR naval oflieor at that place.
. 11 you find when you get thero that tho Domin-
ican Government require any assistance against tho
enemies of that republic yon will nothesitatc to give
it to thorn."
rI here is no exception made of revolutionary
movements in the interior of the country.
Next I read irom Rear Admiral Poor to the
Secretary of the Navy :
"Uxited Statfs Flag-ShipSkvkkn,
ban Dominoo, March 12. 1870.''
* r * * * * ! e-i f «.
• a,reccut interview with President lincz he
i"lata"« my British consul at Puerto
Which, as far as I ara, and as the Senator
irom Indiana is informed, is a place in the
republic of San Domingo—
"(Mr. Farrington) recently arrived here, stated
to urn that there was a paity at that place mimical
to the policy of the CJmted JSratesin reference to the
annexation of ban Domingo, principally composed
of foreign merchants and cousuU; that they had
collected a sum of money equal to SS.OOO, to supply
Generals C.ibtai and Lupuron, who appear to be
predatory in char.ieter and ready to espouse the
cause ot any party tnat will pay them and afford
them th<\opportunity of pillaging,
i-he JS autasker wiif oo ihspatciiod to Puerto Plata
*nt0„th,0 of the report
•aid to inform the people of that place who enter-
tain hostile feelings toward the United States of the
XS1!! ot our Government to protect San
Domingo and iu present administration."
from Indiana understand
Does the Senator
that language?
Air. AmtUON. Certainly,
. lr. SOHU llZ. 1 read next from copy of
a diapuicii io Rear Admiral (J. R. Poor IVom
Lleutenaut Commander P. M. Bance, com-
manding the Nantasket, dated Puerto Plata,
March 24, 1870:
"The morning after this conversation"—
With somebody in Puerto Plata—
"I called with the consul upon General Caseras,
commanding the province and that of Santiago., I
asked him if he had any knowledge of an opposition
party existing among the foreign merchants here,
lio said he had heard rumors to that effect, but
nothing positive: but he was keeping a lookout
upon them. I told him it would be against their
interests to aid Luperon, for even if he obtained
possession of the city you had a heavy squadron
about the island and would drive him out; probably,
m doing so, destroying the town and all the property
in it/'
That was a Dominican town, as the Senator
is aware.
Mr. MORTON. That does not change the
Mr. SCHURZ. It does not?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think by this time, how-
ever, the Senator from Indiana will be ready
to admit that our United States vessel's did
interfere against the people of San Domingo.
_ Mr. MORTON. Not as between Baez and
bis own people. There is no instruction of
that kind that can be found.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, now, before heaven
and earth 1 declare if even this documentary
evidence that I have read does not penetrate
llie brain of the Senator from Indiana, I de-
spair of all human means of persuasion. If
anything is clear here, it is not only that they
were ordered to do so, but that they did act-
ually do so, and I shall have a few more facts
for the Senator :
Commander Green to the /Secretary of the JYam/t Octo-
ber 8. "1870, inclosing the following report from Com-
mander Irwin.
"United States Steamer Yaxtic,
" Santa TIaiuura de Sam an a, September 3,1870."
Mark you, long after the treaty of annexa-
tion was rejected—
" We left Kingston August 2G, and arrived at San
Domingo August &).
"August 30, President Baca" * ^ * *
"informed mo that he had dismissed General Hun
gria, his minister of war, and had just received a
note from theBiitish consul informing him that Gen-
eral Hungria had sought an asylum at tho British
consulato. The note" * * * * " was
informal and non-committal" * * ,1'
"did not state whether ho would afford General Hun-
gria tho protection of his flag." t ^ *
" The president was anxious to add to tho force at
his disposal in the city of San Domingo, as he feared
an outbreak, and asked me if X could not bring him
some of his inon that were at Azua; I acceded to
his request" *     • "and on the 2d
instant landod sixty-five officers and men that wo
had brought from Azua."
Now, in the name of common sense, will the
Senator from Indiana still deny that our naval
vessels cooperated in the war upon citizens of
San Domingo as carried on by President Baez,
that the Navy of the United States took part
in the military operations of Baez against his
own subjects?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator pats it in the
form of a question, and I propose to answer.
The instructions given by the Secretary of the
Navy were read yesterday by the Senator from
Massachusetts, were again, I believe, referred
to to-day, and there is not one word in them
about interfering, except as between Dominica
and Hay ti, or any other foreign Power, between
Dominica and her foreign enemies. The Sen-
ator is holding the President responsible. I
call him back again to the instructions that
were read, the original instructions given by
the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana show me a single piece, the least shadow
of documentary evidence, that after this dis-
patch, which Commander Green sent to the
Secretary of the Navy on the 3d of September,
1870, he was ever reprimanded or told not to
do what he had done?
Mr. MORTON. That is begging the ques-
tion.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, that is not begging the
question, for there must be discipline in the
Navy and the Secretary of the Navy is respons-
ible for it, that the commanders of naval vessels
shall not interfere of their own motion and at
their arbitrary pleasure with the affairs of
another country with which the United States
are at peace. If the things that were done
were not done with the approval of the Navy
Department, this commodore ought to have
been recalled at once or instructions at least
ought to have been sent to him not to trans-
gre ss his orders again. But I am not through
yet.
Hear Admiral Lee to the Secretary of the Navy.
" Unitjsd States Steamer Severn,
" San Domingo, January 9, 1871.
"Sir: The Severn arrived at Samana, December
24, 1870, andfound the English man-of-war Raccoon
there, of eighteen guns, Captain Howard, with Mr.
Farrington, theEnglisk vice consul, on board, bound
for San Domingo city.
"Captain Howard then called on board and asked
me as to the extent of uur protectorate ovei Domin-
ica, and if it extended to our making good the
Dominican bonds. I answered in substance that
pending the treaty between Dominica and the Uni-
ted States thfc latter protected the former againstits
enemies in the island: and that I did not suppose
the United States insured speculations in Dominican
paper," &c.
Is the Senator from Indiana not yet satisfied ?
Here is more:
" Residence of the Executive"—
If the Senator tiom Indiana will be kind
enough to favor me wiili hisattention, here the
great Baez biuisell steps upon the scene—
" Residence of the Executive,
"San Domingo, September 2,1870.
"Commander John Irwin, U. S. N.. Commanding
United Mates Steamer Yanticy San Domingo city.
"My Dear Sie: I beg to thank you for the service
you have just rendered tho republic in transporting
tile troops from Azua to this city, in accordance with
the desire X expressed to you in my communication
of the 31st of last August."
So it seems our men-of war were, to a cer-
tain extent, governed by instructions received
from President Baez 1
"I take advantage, therefore, of the occasion for
expressing tho neoestity at present of a man-ot-war
in this port, and that none would be more conven-
ient than the Yanticforihc facility of entering the
river Ozama, owing to her size. I hope that on your
arrival at Samana you will determine what you
may deem most convenient in this matter, assuring
you that I confide greatly in your good disposition."
There, then, is President Baez thanking a
naval officer of the United States for what?
Not for the protection afforded him against
invaders from a ioreign soil, but for having
transported troops to be used against his own
fellow-citizens within thewalls of the very cap-
it-i 1 of that republic ; and yet the Senator from
Indiana asserts that the naval forces of the
United Stales have not been used against the
citizens of the very country that we were to
annex!
Here is still more:
Lieutenant Commander McCooh to Commander Jrv>hl,
foricarded in Rear Admiral Lee's letter, of January
" Yesterday the captain of tho Racoon called offi-
cially to ask me how far our Government protected
the Dominican Government. He said that in mak-
ing his report to his admiral hewould like to be able
to give some statement about it. As the Englishman
has been exercising his boats and small-arm men a
good deal, I thought it possible he might intend to
take some summary aciion hero, so 1 concluded to
give him a pretty strong hint that I would disap-
prove of his taking any action whatever, and in-
formed him that we would protect the Dominican
Government against any internal enemie.--, or revo-
lutionary party, and that in ease he should consider
it necessary to take any steps here, the very least I
could do, under my instructions, would be to make
a decided protest."
I should be glad to know whether the thing
is not clear to the Senator from Indiana yet.
Well, sir, after all this, will it be pretended that
there is not a fundamental difference between
the case under the Presidency of John Tyler
and the ^case which is now under discusMon?
[At this point the honorable Senator yielded
for an executive session.]
