1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
Republican Institutions, it is because I would
not have our great example weakened before
tlie world and. our good name tarnished. And
when I speak for the Republican Party, it is
because from the beginning I have been the
faithful servant of that party and aspire to see
it strong and triumphant. But beyond all
these considerations is the commanding rule
of Justice, which cannot be disobeyed with
impunity.
QUESTION STATEB.
The question which I present is very simple.
It is not, whether the acquisition of the island
of San Domingo, in whole or part, with a
population foreign in origin, language, and
institutions, is desirable; but whether we are
justified in the means employed to accomplish
this acquisition. Thequestion is essentially pre-
liminary in character and entirely independent
of the main question. On the main question
there may be difference of opinion—some
thinking the acquisition desirable and others
not desirable ; some anxious for empire or at
least a sanitarium in the tropics and others
more anxious for a Black Republic, where the
African race shall show an example of self-
government, by which the whole race may bo
uplifted ; some thinking of gold mines, salt
mountains, hogsheads of sugar, bags of coffee,
and boxes of cigars : others thinking more of
what we owe to the African race. But what-
ever the difference of opinion on the main
question, the evidence now before ns shows
too clearly that means have been employed
which cannot be justified. And this is the
question to which 1 now ask the attention of
the Senate. .
SEASON FOR'INTEREST IN THE QUESTION.
Here, sir, I venture to relate how and at what
time I became specially .aroused on this ques-
tion. The treaty for the annexion of the
Dominican people was pending before the Sen-
ate and I was occupied in considering it, asking
two questions: first, Is it good for us? and,
secondly, Is it good for them? The more I
meditated these two questions I found myself
forgetting the former and considering the latter,
or, rather, the former was absorbed in the latter.
Thinking of our giant strength, my anxiety in-
creased for the weaker party, and 1 thought
more of what was good for them than for us.
Is annexion good for them? This was the
question on my mind when I was honored by
a visit from the Assistant Secretary of State,
bringing with him a handful of dispatches
from St. Domingo. Among these were dis-
patches from our consular agent there, who
signed the treaty of annexion, from which it
distinctly appeared that Baez, while engaged
in selling his country, was maintained in power
by the Navy of the United States. That such
was the official report of our consular agent,
who signed the treaty, there can be no ques-
tion, and this official report was sustained by
at least one other consular dispatch. I con-
fess now my emotion as I read this painful
revelation. Until then I had supposed the
proceeding blameless, although precipitate.
I had not imaginsd any such indefensible
transgressions.
These dispatches became more important
as testimony when it appeared that the writers
were personally in favor of annexion. Thus,
then, it stood that, on the official report of our
own agents, we were engaged in forcing upon
a weak people the sacrifice of their coun-
try. To me it was apparent at once, that the
acquisition of this foreign territory would not
be respectable or even tolerable, unless by the
consent of the people there, through rules of
their own choice, and without force on our
part. The treaty was a contract, which, ac-
cording to our own witnesses, was obtained
through a ruler, owing power to our war ships.
As such it was beyond all question a contract
obtained under duress, and, therefore, void,
while the duress was an interference with the
internal affairs ofa foreign country, and, there-
fore, contrary to that principle of non-inter-
vention which is now a rule of International
Law. As this question presented itself, I lost
no time in visiting the Navy Department, in
order to examine the instructions under which
our naval officers were acting and also their
reports. Unhappily these instructions and
reports were too much in harmony with the
other testimony, so that the State Department
and Navy Department each contained the
record of the deplorable proceedings, and still
they pressed the consummation. 1 could not
have believed it, had not the evidence been
explicit. The story of Naboth's Vineyard was
revived.
Violence begets violence, and that in St.
Domingo naturally extended. Itis with nations
as with individuals—once stepped in, they go
forward. The harsh menace by which the
independence of the Black Republic was
rudely assailed came next. It was another
stage in belligerent intervention. As these
things were unfolded, I felt that I could not
hesitate. Here was a shocking wrong. It
must be arrested; and tothisend lhave labored
in good faith. If I am earnest, it is because I
cannot see a wrong done without seeking to
arrest it. Especially am I moved if this wrong
be done to the weak and humble. Then, by
the efforts of my life and the commission I have
received from Massachusetts, am I vowed to
do what I can for the protection and elevation
of the African race. If I can help them, I
will; if I can save them from outrage, I must.
And never before was the occasion more immi-
nent than now.
CONTRACT FOE CESSION OF TERRITORY MUST BE WITH-
OUT PRESENCE OF SUPERIOR FORCE.
I speak only according to unquestionable
reason and the instincts of the human heart,
when I assert thata contract for the cession of
territory must be fair and without suspicion of
overawing force. Nobody can doubt this rule,
whether for individuals or nations. And where
one party is more powerful than another it
becomes more imperative. Especially must it
be sacred with a Republic, for itis nothing but
the mandate of justice. The rule is general in
its application ; nay more, it ispart ofuniversal
law, common to all municipal systems and to
International Law. Any departure from this
requirement makes negotiation for the time
impossible. Plainly there can be no cession
of territory, and especially no surrender of
national independence, except as the result of
war, so long as hostile cannon are frowning.
The first step in negotiation must be the with-
drawal of all force, coercive or minatory.
BOAST OF SPAIN.
Here the example of Spain furnishes a bea-
con-light. Yielding to an invitation not unlike
that of Baez to the United States, this An-
cient Monarchy was induced by Santana, Presi-
dent of Dominica, to entertain the proposition
of reannexion to the Crown. Here let it be
remarked that Santana was legitimate Presi-
dent, while Baez is a usurping dictator. And
now mark the contrast between the Ancient
Monarchy and our Republic, as attested in docu-
ments. Spain boasted in official papers, that
in the act of reannexion the Dominicans were
spontaneous, free and unanimous—that no
Spanish emissaries were in the territory to
influence its people; nor was there a Spanish
hottom in its waters or a Spanish soldier on
its land. On the question whether this boast
was justified by historic facts I say nothing.
My purpose is accomplished when I show
that, in self-defense and for the good name
of Spain, it was necessary to make this boast.
Unhappily, no such boast can be made now.
American emissaries are in the territory, with
Cazneau and Fabens as leaders, while Amer-
ican war-ships, including the Dictator, our
most powerful Monitor, properly named for the
service, were in the waters with guns pointed
at the people to be annexed, and American
soldiers with bayonets glaucing in the sun
were on the decks of these war-ships, if not
on the land. The contrast is complete. In
the case of Spain the proceeding was on act of
peace; in our case it is an act of war. The two
cases ara as wide asunder as peace and war.
All must feel the importance of this state-
ment which I have to say, is not without
official authority. I now hold in my hand the
Spanish documents relating to the reannex-
ion of Dominica as published by the Cortez,
and with your permission I will open these
authentic pages. And here allow me to_say
that I speak only according to the documents.
That Spain made the boast attests the principle.
Omitting particularities and coming at once
to the precise point, I read from a circular
by the Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs, ad-
dressed to diplomatic agents abroad under date
of Aranjuez, April 25, 1861, which declares
the proper forbearance and caution of Spain,
and establishes a precedent from which there
can be no appeal:
" The first condition necessary and indispensable,
which the Government of her Majesty requires in
accepting the consequences of these events is that
the act of reincorporation of St. Domingo with the
Spanish monarchy shall be the unanimous, spon-
taneous, and explicit expression of the will of the
Dominicans."
The dispatch then proceeds to describe the
attitude of the Spanish Government. And
here it says of the events in Dominica:
"Nor have they been the work of Spanish emi-
grants who have penetrated the territory of St.
Domingo, nor has the superior authority of Havana
nor the forces of sea and land at his disposition con-
tributed to it. The captain general of Cuba has not
separated himself, nor could he depart for a moment
from the principles of the Government and from the
policy which it has followed with regard to them.
JVot a Spanish bottom or soldier was on the coast or in
the territory of the Republic when the latter by a
unanimous movement proclaimed its reunion to
Spain."—Seaiones de Cortes, 14 A'ov.t 1861, Vol. I.
Append. VI, alnum. i., p. 7.
It will be observed with what energy of
phrase the Spanish Minister excludes all sus-
picion of force on the part of Spain. Not
only was there no Spanish ship on the coast,
butnota single "bottom." And then, it is
alleged, that the "first condition" of rean-
nexion must be "theunanimous,spontaneous,
and explicit expression of the will of the Do-
minicans." No foreign influence, no Spanish
influence was to interfere with the popular will.
But this is nothing more than justice. Any-
thing else is wrong.
The Spanish Government, not content with
announcing this important rule in the dispatch
which I have quoted, return to it in another
similar dispatch, dated at Madrid, 2Gth May,
1861, as follows:
"The Government of the Queen, before adopting a
definitive resolution on this question, sought to ac-
quire absolute assurance that the votes of the Domin-
ican people had been spontaneous, free, and unani-
mous. Thereception oftheProelamationoftheQiieen
as sovereign in all the Tillages of the territory of St.
Domingo proves the spontaneovsness and the unanimity
of the movement." {Ibid., p. 11.)
Here again is the allegation that the ftiove-
ment was spontaneous and unanimous, and that
the Spanish Government sought to acquire ab-
solute assurance on this essential point. This
was openly recognized as the condition-prece-
dent ; and I cite it as unanswerable testimony
to what was deemed essential.
On this absolute assurance the Ministers laid
before the Queen in council a decree of rean-
nexion, with an explanatory paper, under date
of 19th May, 1861, where the unanimity of.
the Dominican people is again asserted, and
also the absence of any influence on the part
of Spain.
"Everywhere was manifested jubilee and enthu-
siasm in a manner unequivocal and solemn. The
public authorities, following their proper impulses,
have obeyed the sentiment of the country, which
has put its trust in them. Rarely has been seen
such a concourse, such a unanimity of wills to real-
ize an idea, a common thought. And all this, vnthout
having on the coast of St. Domingo a single bottom, nor
on the territory a soldier of,Spain."—Sesiones de Cor~
tes, 14 Nov., 1861, Vol. I, Append. VI, alnum. 4, p. 8.
Such is the official record on which the de-
cree of reannexion was adopted. Mark well,
sir—a unanimous people, and not a single
Spanish bottom on the coast or Spanish sol-
dier on the territory.
