296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
CONTRAST BETWEEN SPAIN AND UNITED STATES.
And now mark the contrast between the
Old Monarchy and the Great Republic. The
recent return of the Navy Department to the
Senate, in reply to a resolution introduced
by me, shows how the whole island has been
beleaguered by our Navy, sailing from port
to port, and hugging the land with its guns.
Here is the return:
*' Tbe following are the Dames of thevessels which
have been in the waters of theislandof San Domingo
since the commencement of the negotiations with
Dominica,with their armaments:
" Severn—14 0-inch and 1 60-nounder rifle.
" Congress—14 9-incll and 2 60-pounder rifles.
"Nantasket—6 32-pounders, 4,500 pounds; 1 60-
pounder riilo.
" Swatara—6 32-pounders. 4,500 pounds; 111-inch.
" Yantie—1 ll-inch and 2 9-inch.
"Dictator—2 15-inch.
" Sa.ugus—215-inch.
" Terror—4 15-inch.
" Albany—149-inch and 1 60-pounder rifle.
"Nipsic—1 11-inch and 2 90-inch.
" Seminole—111-inch and 4 32-pounders of 4,200
pounds.
"Tennessee—On spar-deck, 2 11-inch, 2 9-inch, 2
lfiO-pounders, and 1 60-pounder; on gun-deck, IS
9-inch.
"The ships now in those waters are, as far as is
known to the Department, the Congress, the Nan-
tasket, the Yantie, and the Tennessee." (Senate
Ex. Doc., No. 45, page 3, i'orty-First Cong., third
se&sion.)
Twelve mighty war ships, including two if
not three powerful monitors, maintained at
the cost of millions of dollars, being part of
the price of the pending negotiation. Besides
what wo pay to Baez here are millions down.
Rarely have we had such a fleet in any waters—
not in the Mediterranean, not in the Pacific,
not in the East Indies. It is in the waters of
St. Domingo that our Navy finds its chosen
field. Here is its flag, and here also is its
frown. And why this array? If our purpose
is peace, why these engines of war? It' we
seek annexion by the declared will of the
people, spontaneous, free, and unanimous, as
was the boast of Spain, why these floating
batteries to overawe them ? If we would do
good to the African race, why begin with
violence to the Black Republic?
Before the Commissioners left our shores
there were already three war-ships with pow-
erful armaments in these waters, the Congress,
with fourteen 9-incll guns and two 60-pounder
rifles; the Nantasket, with six 32-pounders,
£,GOO pounds, and one 60-pounder rifle; and
ilie Yantie, with one 11-inch gun and two 9-
iuch. And then came the Tennessee, with
two 11-inch aad t#o 9-inch guns, two 100-
pounders and one 00 pounder on its spar-
deck, and sixteen 9-inch guns on its gun-deck,
to augment these forces, already dispropor-
tioned to any proper object. The Commis-
sioners are announced as ministers of peace ;
at all events their declared duty is to ascer-
tain the real sentiments of the people. Why
semi'them in a war-ship ? Why cram the dove
in a cannon's mouth? There are good steam-
ers at New York, safe and sea-worthy, whose
presence would notswell the array of war, nor
Subject the Great Republic to the grave impu-
tation of seeking to accomplish its purpose by
violence.
TRAGICAL EXD OF SPANISH OCCUPATION.
if while negotiating with the Dominicans
for theit territory, and what is more than ter-
. ritory, their national life, you will not follow
Spanish example and withdraw your war-ships
with their flashing arms and threatening thun-
der, at least be taught by the tragedy which
attended even this most propitious attempt.
Tin; same volumes of authentic documents from
which I have read show how, notwithstanding
the apparent spontaueousness, freedom, and
unanimity of the invitation, the forbearance
of Spain was followed by resistance where sun
and climate united with the people. An offi-
cial report laid before the Cortes describes
nine thousand Spanish soldiers dead with dis-
ease, whilethe Spanish occupation was reduced
to three towns on the sea-board, and it was
perilous for small parties to go any distance
outside the walls of the city of St. Domingo.
The same report declares that twenty thou-
sand troops, provided for a campaign of six
months, would be required to penetrate "the
heart of Cibao," which is the very region now
occupied by General Cabral, who disputes the
power of Baez. At last Spain submitted. The
spirit of independence prevailed once more
on the island, and the proud banner of Castile,
which had come in peace, amid general con-
gratulations, and with the boast of not a Span-
ish bottom or Spanish soldier near, was with-
drawn.
AS ENGLISH PRECEDENT.
The example of Spain is reenforced by an
English precedent, where may be seen in the
light of analogy, the true rule of oonduct. By
a statute of the last century, all soldiers quar-
tered at the place of an election for members
of Parliament were removed at least one day
before the election to the distance of two miles
or more, and though this statute has been
modified latterly, the principle is preserved.
No soldier within two miles of a place of elec-
tion is allowed to go out of the barracks or
quarters in which he is stationed, unless to
mount guard or to vote. This safeguard of
elections is vindicated by the great comment-
ator, Sir William Blackstone, when he says,
" It is essential to the very being of Parliament
that elections should be abaoliUdy free, there-
fore all undue influences upon the electors are
illegal and strongly prohibited.'' (Blaekstone,
Comm.,Vol. I, p. 178 ; Stephens, Comm.,Vol.
II, p. 401.) In accordance with this principle,
as early as 1793, a committee of the other House
of Congress reported against the seat of a Rep-
resentative on the ground that United States
troops were quartered near the place of elec-
tion and were marched in a body round the
court-house. (Contested Elections, p. 79, Case
of Mr. Preston.) And now that an election is
to occur in Dominica, where national Inde-
pendence is the question, nothing is clearer
than that it should be, in the language of
Blackstone, " absolutely free," and to this end
all naval force should be withdrawn at least
until the " election " is determined. Lord
Coke, the great English authority, tells us
that election is " when "a man is left to his men
free will, to take or do one thing or another
which he pleases." (Coke Litt., 144.) But
the Dominican people must be left to their
own free will.
In harmony with this rule when Nice and
Savoy voted on the question of annexion to
France, the French army was punctiliously
withdrawn from the borders, all of which was
in simple obedience to International Ethics;
but, instead of any such obedience, our war-
ships have hovered with constant menace on
the whole coast.
SEIZURE 01' WAB POWERS BY OUE GOVERNMENT.
All this is preliminary, although pointing the
way to a just conclusion. Only when we
enter into details and consider what has been
done by our Government, do we recognize
the magnitude of the question. Unless the
evidence supplied by the agents of our Gov-
ernment is at fault—unless the reports of the
State Department and Navy Department are
discredited, it is obvious beyond doubt, most
painfully plain and indisputable, that the Presi-
dent has seized the war powers carefully
guarded by the Constitution, and without the
authority of Congress has employed them to
trample on the independence and equal rights
of two nations, coequal with ours, unless to
carry out this project of territorial acquisition
you begin by setting at defiance a first principle
of-International Law. This is no hasty or idle
allegation, nor is it made without immeasur-
able regret. And the regret is increased by the
very strength of the evidence, which is strictly
official and beyond all question.
BAEZ, THE USUKPER.
In this melancholy business the central figure
is Buenventura Baez, unless we except Presi-
dent Grant, to whom some would accord the
place of honor. The two have acted together
as copartners. To appreciate the case and
especially to comprehend the breach of Public
Law, you must know something of the former
and how he has been enabled to play his part-
Dominican by birth, with much of Spanish
blood and with a French education, he is a
cross where these different elements are some-
what rudely intermixed. Onein whom I have
entire confidence describes him in a letter to
myself as " the worst man living of whom he
has any personal knowledge," and he adds,
that so must say every honest and honorable
man who knows his history and his character."
All his life he has been adventurer, conspirator,
and trickster, uncertain in opinions, without
character, without patriotism, without truth,
looking out supremely for himself, and on any
side according to imagined personal interest,
being once violent against the United States
as he now professes to be for them.
By the influence of General Santana, Baez
obtained his first election as President in 1858,
when, contrary to a positive provision of the
Constitution against a second term except after
the intervention of an entire term, he managed
by fraud and intrigue to obtain another lease
of power. Beginning thus early his violations
of the Constitution he became an expert. But
the people rose against him and he was driven
to find shelter within the walls of the city. He
had never been friendly to the United States,
and at this time was especially abusive. His
capitulation soon followed, and after eleven
months of usurped power he left for France.
Santana succeeded to the Presidency, and
under him in 1861 the country was reincor-
porated with Spain, amidst the prevailing en-
thusiasm of the people. Anxious to propitiate
the different political chiefs the Spanish Gov-
ernment offered Baea a major general's com-
mission in the army on condition that )ip should
remain in Europe, which he accepted. For
some time there was peace in Dominica, when
the people, under the lead of the patriot Cabral,
rose against the Spanish power. During this
protracted period of revolution, while the pa-
triotism of the country was stirred to its inmost
depths, the Dominican adventurer clung to his
Spanish commission with its honors and emol-
uments, not parting with them until six weeks
after the Cortes at Madrid had renounced the
country and ordered its evacuation, and then,
in his letter of resignation addressed to the
Queen, under date of June 35, 1865, he again
outraged the feelings of his countrymen by de-
claring his regret at the failure of annexion to
Spain and his "regard for her august person
and the noble Spanish nation " against whose
arms they had been fighting for Independence.
Losing his Spanish honors and emoluments,
the adventurer was at ouce changed into a con-
spirator, being always a trickster, and from his
European retreat began his machinations for
power. Are we not told by the proverb that
the devil has a long arm?
On the disappearance of the Spanish flag
Cabral became Protector and a National Con-
vention was summoned to frame a Constitu-
tion and to organize a new Government.
The people were largely in favor of Cabral,
when armed men in tbe name of Baez and
stimulated by bis emissaries overwhelmed the
assembly with violence, forcing the conspira-
tor into power. Cabral, who seems to have
been always prudent and humane, anxious to
avoid bloodshed and thinking that his consiuer-
ableEuropean residence might have improved
the usurper, consented to accept a place in the
cabinet which was inaugurated Deeember 8,
1865. Ill-gotten power is shortlived; revolu-
tion soon began, and in the month of May,
1866, Baez, after first finding asylum in the
French consulate, fled to foreign parts.
The official journal of St. Domingo, El Moni-
tor, (June 2, I860,) now before me, shows bow
the fugitive tyrant was regarded at this time.
In the leading article, it is said:
"The administration of General Baez has fallen
under the weight of a great revolution, in wlncn
