58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29]
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
court-martial according to all the rule5? of civilized
warfare. For they belong to a nation that, through
the orders of its Executive to the naval vessels here,
has chosen to take part in the internal conflicts of
this country; they comedirectb from the headquar-
ters of Cabral's enemies; they are without arms, uni-
form, or authority of any kind for being in a hostile
region. The are, in fact, spies. They go expressly to
learn everything connected with the enemy's coun-
try, and their observations are intended tor public-
ation, and thu3 indircctlv to be reported back to
President 3$aez. Surely Cabral would have a right
to prevent this if he can."
It can well be understood how the publica-
tion of that letter in the newspapers startled
the Navy Department, for here was a captain
of the Navy who undoubtedly had some knowl-
edge of the instructions issued to naval com-
manders in Dominican waters, telling the
whole story, construing those instructions as
meaning that the United States, as allies of the
Baez government, were actually at war with
the so-called revolutionists of San Domingo ;
and thecaptain, so understanding those instruc-
tions, drew the most natural and logical con-
clusion that persons in the servicc of the ally
of Baez, if they fell into the hands of Cabral,
were liable to be treated as enemies, according
to the rules of civilized warfare.
Our Secretary of the Navy found it necessary
to reply to that startling letter in an indirect-
way, I suppose most Senators have read the
reply, and yesterday it was handed up to the
Secretary of the Senate by the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Frelixgiiuysen,] with an air
that seemed to indicate that he rather consid-
ered it a most triumphant document.
Mr. FUKLINGHUYSEN. I trust my man-
ner was not offensive.
Mr. SCHURZ. Not at all, sir. On the
contrary, 1 think the manner of the Senator
was only intended as a compliment to the Sec-
retary. In his letter the Secretary of the Navy
sets forth that Captain Temple is entirely wrong
in his consti uct.ion of international law, and iu
order to controvert his position he makes some
statements of fact, lie says, for instance:
" But neither tho United States nor its Executive
has chosen to take part, or has taken part, in tho
internal conflicts of the Dominican republic."
That the United States have not taken part
in the internal conflicts of the Dominican re-
public is absolutely certain, for I am sure the
United States, as represented by Congress,
nevei thought of doing so. lint when the Sec-
retary of the Navv goes so tar as to say that
the Executive has never chosen to take part
in the internal conflicts of the Dominican re-
public, I beg leave respectfully to diifer with
him.
What has so often amazed me in this busi-
ness is the exceeding shortness of men's mem-
ories. It would seem that when a Secretary
had issued orders and sent an official docu
ment to the Senate of the United States to be
published here and laid before the world, he
should remember at least something of its con-
tents. Yesterday I gave the Senate a long
string of orders arid reports in which naval
commanders represented themselves as having
actually taken part in the interna! conflicts of
the Dominican republic. But, if the Secre-
tary of the Navy couid be presumed not to know
what reports were sent to his own Department
by the naval commanders as to their doings in
foreign waters, he ought at least to remember
the language and purport of his own orders.
Here is one of them, the instructions issued
by the Navy Department to Commodore
Green:
" While that treaty is pending, the Government
of Use United States has agreed to aftord counte-
nanceandas-iistance ro the Dominie.m people against
their enemies now ia the ufand, nn<l in revolution
ogauwL (he lawfully constituted Government"—
Do 3 ou understand that, sir ?—
"and you will use the force at your command to
resist any attempts by the enemies of the Domin-
ican republic to invade the Dominican territory by
land or sea, so far as your power can reach them.
Of course* a great deal, must be left to your discre-
tion, but by communieating freely with President
Baez, he will show you the stipulations of the agree-
ment drawn up between the United States and the
Dominican Government, which will explain to you
how tar you are authorized to act. While strictly
complying with the agreement between the Uni.
ted 8tates and Dominican Government, you will
avoid difficulties with foreign Powers when it is pos-
sible to do so, and will warn any naval force fitting
out from Hayti, or any part of the l)ominician repub-
lic now in revolution, that the United States will
not permit any hostile acts to be committed against
the Dominicans."
And now the same Secretary of the Navy is
found to put over his own signature the state-
ment that the executive department has not
chosen to take parjinthe internal conflicts of
the Dominican republic 1 Truly, sir, the mem-
ory of Secretaries has grown wonderfully short.
Let me attempt to revive the recollection of
certain events in the Secretary's mind. Yes-
terday I called attention to the fact—and un-
doubtedly the Secretary of the Navy must have
heard of it, for it is reported in his own docu-
ment—that a United States man-of-war actually
transported Dominican troops from Azua to
San Domingo city at the request of President
Baez, to be used against an apprehended insur-
rection there. Now, in the name of common
sense, I ask you is the transportation of troops
a belligerent act or not, when a conflict is pend-
ing? What would you have said, gentlemen,
if an English man-of-war during our late rebel-
lion had taken on board a division of rebel
troops at Mobile bay and transported them
to Charleston for the accommodation of the
southern confederacy? Would that not have
been considered an act of war by every sane
man? Would that not have been considered
active interlerence in the internal troubles of
this country ? Would we not have resented it
assucli? And what else was the transport-
ation of Baez's troops by a United States war
ship during a revolutionary struggle in the
Dominican republic?
But that is not all. I referred yesterday to
the case of the Nantasket, which, with even a
part of the scientific force of the United States
commission 011 board, went from one place to
another, at the same time transporting arms
and ammunition for the military forces of
President Baez. Why, sir, the very ship Ten-
nessee, with the United States commission on
board, went from San Domingo city to Azua,
carrying Baez and his whole military staff
to a place where he was to take personal com-
mand of his army. And not only that, but
while the Tennessee, with the commission, was
lying off San Domingo city, bodies of Domin-
ican troops were shipped there in lighters from
the wharf to Dominican schooners in the
harbor, to go to Azua, where an expedition
against Cabral was being organized, and those
lighters carried the ilag of the United States
over them, under the very eyes of our commis-
sioners; and not only that, but when Baez
started that expedition against Cabral, that
expedition carried a United States flag at the
head of the column, so as to make Cabral's
people believe that they had to fight the Uni-
ted States!
Now, sir, I ask every intelligent man in this
country whether all the things I have recited,
most of which are taken from the Secretary's
official report, do constitute interference in
the internal conflicts of that republic or not.
I should like to know what flight of fancy can
have seduced the Secretary of the Navy into
the unfathomable absurdity of his statement.
Perhaps he may receive one of these days a
[ report from one of his naval commanders in-
forming liim of the following circumstance:
that the United States man-of-war Congress
one night lay off Monte Christo, and that an
attack from the rebel chief Luperon being
expected, the commander of that vessel sent
some rockets and lights on shore to Baez's
troops with instructions that in case an attack
by Luperon should actually happen those sig-
nals should be lighted, and whereupon the
commander of tho United States war vessel
would send reen force mentis from his ship ashore
to aid Baez's troops in repelling the attack of
Luperon. The Dominican troops, Baez's men,
not being very experienced m the use of fire-
works, felt somewhat uncertain whether the
lights or rockets which had been handed to
them would go off, and so they resolved to try
one or two of them. They did go off, and the
commander of the United States vessel, believ-
ing that Luperon's attack was being signaled,
manned his boats with armed men from his
ship and put for the shore. Whether they
actually landed or learned of the false alarm
before the land was reached I do not know.
But they were actually put on boats and went
to assist Baez's troops in repelling the attack
of a force of Dominican revolutionists, which
attack, however, fortunately did not take place.
So the story was told to me by a gentleman
who accompanied the commission ; and I shall
not be surprised if the Secretary of the Navy
should very soon receive official information
of it.
In the face of all this the Secretary of the
Navy blandly tells us that the executive de-
partment of the Government has not chosen to
take any part in the internal conflicts of the
Dominican republic 1 Now, let me proceed
with the letter. The Secretary writes:
" The situation is this: the President of the United
States has, by the Constitution, tho right to make
treaties, subject to the ratification of the Senate/'
Of this we are aware.
''The Congress of the United States in 1866 appro-
priated a considerable sum of money tor the under-
stood purpose of acquiring by lease or purchase a
part of the island of San Domingo."
Where does the Secretary obtain that in-
formation? The official journals of Congress
say nothing of this story.
"The bay and peninsula of Samana were consid-
ered most appropriate for our purpose as a naval
station ; and tho republic of San Domingo itself,
with its favorable position and natural resources, its
friendly Government and people, seemed for the
purposes of commerce and civilization far the most
desirable for us of those fragments of our continent
which lie across the gateways of our domestic com-
merce and shut up the ontrauce to our great inland
sea. To initiate all treaties is the constitutional
right of the President, and thus lie had the constitu-
tional power to negotiate treaties for the cession of
Samanaand the annexation of the Dominican repub-
lic. If, upon proper consideration, ho thought it
right and tor the interest of the country whose inter-
ests are to this extent intrusted to his judgment, it
was his constitutional duty to do so."
Nobody questions that.
"In pursuance of this constitutional right he did
negotiate such treaties with the existing Uovcrn-
ment of the republic, confessedly tho Government,
both de facto and de jure."
That is to say, it confesses itself that it is
de jure!
"These treaties were of course inchoate, and sub-
ject to be confirmed or defeated by the action of
the Senate of the United States and of the peiple
of tho Dominican republic ; but by such treaties and
pending such final action the United States acquired
an interest in the thing nogotiated for which could
not be iightfully disturbed by any other Power; and
it was tho plain duty of tho Executive to protect,
if need be, the integrity of this constitutionally
acquired interest, so that tho subject of the negotia-
tion might remain intact until the final action of
the ratifying Powers could bo properly had."
Here let me stop a moment. In asserting
that it was not only the right but the duty of
the Executive to enforce by means of war an
inchoate right which had been acquired by the
act of the Executive himself, the Secretary
was only falling into that confusion of ideas
which seems to have spread from the executive
department of the Government even to the
floor of the Senate; that confusion of ideas
which I designated yesterday as confounding
"the Government," "the United States,"
" the President,'' as entirely convertible terms.
But then, for argument's sake, I will for a
momentacceptthat theory. He says that during
the pendency of such a treaty and negotiations
