1S71-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42r> Cong.... 1st Sess.
San Domingo—Mr. Sebum.
Senate.
the Government had the power to protect the
inchoate interests of the United States there.
Sir, what power had the Government then, ac-
cording to the Secretary's own reasoning, after
the pendency of such treaties and negotiations
had ceased? It is a fact as well known to the
Secretary as it is to rae and every well-informed
man in this Republic, that there has been no
treaty between San Domingo and ihe Uuifced
States since the 30th of June, 1870 5 and yet
all these things are still going on under the
Secretary's immediate supervision. Nay. sir,
there have not been even ostensible negotia-
tions for a treaty, for you will not consider as
negotiators the commission who were sent to
San Domingo to explore the land. They went
there, like the Pickwick Club, for the investiga-
tion of all human, earthly, and heavenly things,
and in pursuit of useful knowledge, [laugh-
ter,] but not to initiate or carry on diplomatic
negotiations. So that not only there was not
a treaty pending or in existence, but there were
not even formal negotiations for a treaty going
011; and yet this barefaced, most undeniable
interference in the internal conflicts of the
Dominican republic by the war-vessels of the
United States protecting Baez was continued
from day to day.
Thus, sir, even upon the Secretary's own
assumptions, the bottom drops out of his state-
ment. But now I arrive at the richest part of
the Secretary's letter. He says:
"The duty"—
To enforce such an inchoate right—
44 is plain, and in every case of valuable acquisition
the execution of it will be expected and approved
by the people."
Mark you, sir.
" It was in the discharge of such duty that, in the
early pat t of the presentcentury, President Madison
matched the armies of the United States into and
actually took and held possession of the territory
then known ns West Florida, (iiiciudingvvh.it is now
the Suite of Alabama.) tor which territory negotia-
tions were then pending, afterward concluded and
settled with Spam. Tms action was approved by
Congress and the people, not as an exercise of war
power, but as the protecting of an interest consti-
tutionally acquired, and which the Executive was
bound to maintain intact while it remained in us."
"Why, sir, the Secretary seems to be just as
conversant with the history of this case as the
Senator from Indiana yesterday showed him-
self to be with the Texas precedent. What
did the Secretary meau to intimate to us by a
statement like this? If he meant it to have
any bearing upon this case at all, he desired to
make us believe that the United States had
made a treaty with Spain for the cession of
what was called West Florida, that such treaty
was ponding before the Senate, and that during
the perdency of that treaty, before it had been
acted upon, in order to protect an inchoate
right, accrued to us there, President Madison
ordered the Army into that territory to take
and hold military possession. Sir, this is per-
haps one of the most glaring misrepresenta-
tions of our history I ever heard of from any
official; nay, I had almost said from any respect-
able source.
Mr. FUELING HUYSEN. Does the Sen-
ator question that President Madison did send
the Army?
Mr. SCHURZ. Ah! I am about to tell the
Senator what I do question.
Mr. FKEEINGHUYSEN, I suppose the
point the Senator makes against the Secretary
is 011 the question whether the troops were sent
there in refeience to the question of boundary,
or whether they were sent there pending the
treaty.
Mr. SCHUHZ. No, sir. If the Senator
will permit me I will make my own points.
[Laughter. J
Mr. FHELINGHUYSEN. Well, sir, I will
not interrupt you again.
Mr. SCHURZ, With due respect, I am
always glad to be interrupted by the courteous
Senator from New Jersey, but then I cannot
permit him to make for me other points than
those which I intended to make for myself.
Now, sir, the origin of that case, the Secre-
tary of the Navy might have discovered if he
had simply referred to a very popular book
on the history of the United States—I mean
Hildreth's work, second series, volume three.
He would have found there, on page 223, the
following statement:
"The success of the French in Spain, and the
probability of that kingdom being obliged to suc-
cumb, had given occasion to revolutionary move-
ments in several of theSpanish American provinces.
This example, set by the Carac#as, where Miranda
liad again reappeared, and imitated in Buenos
Ayres, had been followed also in that portion of
the Spanish province of West Florida bordering on
the Mississippi. The inhabitants, most of whom
were of Bntish or American birth, had seized the
fort at Baton Rouge, had met in convention, and
had proclaimed themselves independent, adopting
a single star for their flag, the same symbol after-
ward assumed by the republic of Texas. Some
struggles took place between tho adherents of the
Spanish connection and these revolutionists, who
were also threatened with attack from Mobile, still
held by a Spanish garrison. In this emergency
they applied, through Holmes, Governor of the Mis-
sissippi Territory, lor aid and recognition by the
United States, modestly claiming all the unlocated
lands, pardon for all deserters from the United
States Army, of whom there wev-e many among
them, and an immediate loan of $100,000.
"The President, however, prelerr-cd to issue a
proclamation, taking possession of the east bank
of the Mississippi, occupation of which, under the
Louisiana treaty, had been so long delayed, notfroui
any dctect oi title, but out of conciliatory views to-
ward Spain. Indeed, its present occupation by the
United States, so the proclamation stated, was for
the equal benefit of Spain, whose rights and interests
were put in jeopardy as much as those of the United
States bv the present movement, while in the occu-
pancy of the United State* the territory would still
remain a subjcct lor friendly negotiation and ar-
rangement. Simultaneously with the issue of this
proclamation Claiborne, Governor of the Orleans
Tciritory, then at Washington, was dispatched to
take possession. In case he should meet with lesist-
ance, which was not anticipated, he was authorized
to call upon the regular troops stationed on the Mis-
sissippi, and upon the militia of the two adjoining
Territories; but no lorco was to be used against such
places as might be held by Spanish garrisons, how-
ever small."
Thus it turns out that there was not a treaty
pending between Spain and this Republic for
the annexation of that territory by virtue of
which the President considered an inchoate
right to have accrued to the United States
which would give him the power to march
troops into that territory, but that by virtue
of the Louisiana purchase, a treaty duly con-
sented to by the Senate, duly ratified by the
United Stares as well as France, the United
States claimed that teiritory to belong to them
as part of their own domain.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
certainly is not ignorant of the fact that from
1803 to 1819 just that territory was claimed by
Spain. She claimed that the Louisiana pur-
chase was bounded on the east by the Missis-
sippi river, while we claimed, as the Senator
knows, that it was bounded by the Perdsdo.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 know that very well; but
will the Senator pretend that President Madi-
son took military possession in the way indi-
cated of that territory by virtue of an inchoate
right created by a treaty from which he assumed
to have derived the power to march troops in
there to protect the interests of the United
States? No, sir; I will convince the Senator,
out of President Madison's own mouth, that he
claimed that territory as having come to the
United States under the Louisiana purchase.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is a ques-
tion of fact, not what the President claimed, j
The fact is that pending that treaty he did send
troops. For political reasons, one cause may
have been given or another; but the fact was
that the troops were sent there. |
Mr. SCHUHZ. Does the Senator say there
was a treaty sending at that time?
Mr. FREE!NGHCJYSKN. Not pending.
The treaty was made in 1810.
Mr. SCHURZ. Ah, exactly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. And from 1803
to 1819 the controversy was going on. The true
position, as I understand it, is that a treaty
need not be pending j that the President of
the United States represents the nation, and
has the right to negotiate a treaty and to pro-
tect the dignity of the nation while it is being
negotiated.
Mr. SCHURZ. Precisely. So it appears,
from the statement of the Senator, that Presi-
dent Madison took possession of West Florida
in 1810, by virtue of a treaty which was con-
cluded in 1819! [Laughter.] Now let us see.
Here is a message of President Madison ad-
dressed to the Congress of the United States,
January 3, 1811:
"Taking into view the tenor of these several com-
munications, the posture of things with which they
aro connected, the intimate relation oi' the country
adjoining the United States eastward 'of the river
Perdido co their security and tranquillity, and the
peculiar interest they otherwise have in its destiny,
I recommend to the consideiation of Congress, the
seasonableness of a declaration that the United
States could not see, without serious inquietude,
any part of a neighboring territory, in which they
have in different respects so deep and so just a con-
cern, pass trorn the hands of Spain into those of any
other foreign Power.
4'I lecominend to their consideration also the
expediency of authorizing the Executive to take
temporary possession of any part or parts of the said
territory, in pursuance of arrangement which may
be desired by theSpanish authorities, and for making
provision for the government of the same during
such possession."—Annals0/ Congress, Eleventh Con-
gress, third session, page 1251.
And here is a proclamation of the President
issued on the 27th day of October, 1810:
" Wheie.is the territory south of the Mississippi
Territory and eastward of the river Mississippi, and
extending lo the river Perdido. of which possession
was not delivered to the United States in pursuance
of the treaty concluded at Paris on the 30th of April,
1803. has, at all tunes, as is well known, been con-
sidered and claimed by them as being within the
colony ol Louisiana conveyed by the said treaty, m.
the same extent that it had in the hands ot Spam,
and that it had when France originally possessed it;
"And whereas the acquiescence of the United
States in the temporary continuance of thesaid ter-
ritory under theSpanish authority was not the re-
sult of any distrust of their title, has been par-
ticularly evinced by tho genera! tenor of their laws,
aud by the distinction m.ide in the application of
those laws between that territory and foreign coun-
tries, bat was occasioned by theirconciliatory views,
and by a confidence in the ju.-tiee of their cause
and in the success of candid discussion and amicable
negotiation with a just and friendly Powei ;
"And whereas a satisfactory adjustment, too long
delayed, without the fault of the United States, has
for some time been entirely suspended by events
over which they have 110 control;
And whereas a. crisis has at length arrived sub-
versive of tho order of things under the Spanish
authorities, whereby a failure of the United States
to take the said lenitory into its possession may
lead to events ultimately contra,veiling the views
of both parties, while, in the mean time, the tran-
quillity and sccunty of our adjoining territories are
endangered, and now facilities given to violators of
ourrevenue and commercial laws and of those pro-
hibiting tho introduction of slaves"—
I will not read the whole document—
"Considering, finally, that the acts of Congress,
though contemplating a present possession by a for-
eign authority, have contemplated also an eventual
possession of the said teriitory by the United States,
and arc accordingly so framed as m that case to ex-
tend in then opcr irion to the sarao :
" Now be it known, that I, James Madison, Pres-
ident of the United States of America, in pursuance
of these weighty and urgent considerations, have
deemed it right and requisite that possession should
be taken of the said territory in the name and be-
half of the UniteftStates.*'—Ibid, page 1253.
Thus it appears that no treaty had anything
to do with it, that there was 110 question of an
inchoate right, no question uf any right that
the President of the United States claimed to
derive from any act of his own, but a right
derived from a treaty with France, which had
been duly ratified, and which had become the
supreme law of the land, and the possession
being at the same time endangered by an ad-
vervse revolutionary movement. The Secretary
of the Navy may possibly have been a little
at sea with regard to his facts, geographical
as well as historical. Did he perhaps con-
found the West Florida case with the East
Florida case? In th6 latter indeed aa "army"
