60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Schura.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
was moved into that territory, but not by the
President of his own motion, at his own arbi-
trary pleasure upon the assumption of inchoate
rights created by him, but in pursuance of an
act of Congress, authorizing the President to
"take possession of, and occupy all or any
part of the territory lying cast of the river
Perdido and south of the State of Georgia,p,nd
the Mississippi territory," and, "in order to
maintain therein the authority of the United
States, employ any part of the Army and
Navy of the United States which he may deem
necessary."
This act was approved January 15, 1811,
and if the Secretary wishes to acquaint him-
self with the document he will find it in the
third volume of the United States Statutes at-
Large, page 471. In pursuance of this act of
Congress, General Matthews, with a military
force, was sent into the territory, and in his
orders, which I have here, that act was referred
to as the legal basis of the whole enterprise.
The Secretary of the Navy may there discover
in what manner such business was transacted
by Presidents whose supreme rule of action
was the Constitution of the Republic, and in
what manner our Executive now ought to have
acted in the San Domingo case.
Now, after all this, it seems tome that Cap-
tain Temple was not quite wrong when he
cautioned Mr. Wade against coming into con-
tact with revolutionists with whom the United
States, by an act of their Executive, were at
war, expressing the apprehension that the
peaceable commissioner, turned into a spy of
a belligerent Power, might all of a sudden be
strung up to the limb of a tree. The captain
had evidently a clearer perception of oar inter-
national position than the Secretary.
There is still one sentence in the Secretary's
letter, which I cannot refrain from referring
to, for it is of great import. It is the following:
" Under the orders of the Executive, it is upart of
theduty of thoso ships of your line! which arc at any
timo cruising in the wators ot S;in Domingo to mairt-
tairi this status ugainst ov^ry Power, and while wo
would not yield tlio right to interfere with it to the
most powerful Government, wo cannot concede that
right even to tho weak esc."
So there is, after all, something in what the
Senator from Wisconsin said yesterday, that
our menace was not directed against Hayti
alone, but that even a possible conflict with
greater Powers was contemplated in the pro-
gramme. Sir, it was indeed not entirely with-
out the limits of possibility. Is not the debt
of the republic of San Domingo rather in a
confused state? Are not Englishmen some-
what concerned in it by loans? And might
not, the British Government, in consideration
of the interests of some of its subjects, acci-
dentally make a claim against the Government
of San Domingo and try to enforce it, our
arrangements with Bacz notwithstanding?
Might not in a country with a lawless Govern-
ment like the Dominican republic, by wrongs
inflicted upon foreigners, grave complications
arise with Powers more formidable than Hayti,
in which we would suddenly find ourselves
involved? And the Secretary bravely defies
the most powerful nations of the world.
Sir, look at this. By the President's arbi-
trary act, for tho success of a scheme in which
neither Congress nor the people of the United
States take any interest, to jeopardize the
peace of this Republic. as the Secretary of the
Navy himself confesses! Sir, is not that a
recklessness most appalling? Have you ever
heard of it that the Executive of this Repub-
lic in any juncture of its history involved with
such levity the country in unknown and dan-
gerous responsibilities at his own arbitrary
pleasure?
So much for the letter of the Secretary of
the Navy. I find in it such a jnmble of glar-
ing misstatements of facts, and of illogical
constitutional doctrines, that I have come to
conclusion the letter was properly addressed
to a seaman, for the Secretary of the Navy
probably himself felt that his story was well
fit to be told to the marines. [Laughter.] The
Secretary—for whom I have profound respect
as a gentleman, and whom I eherish highly as
a friend and a most excellent companion—the
Secretary, if ha goes on in that way, is in great
danger of acquiring the reputation of a profound
constitutional lawyer among sailors, and of
a mighty sailor among constitutional lawyers !
[Laughter.]
I deem it scarcely necessary to say a single
word in replyto th« argument brought forward
by the Senator from Wisconsin yesterday, that
the President's belligerent interference on the
island of San Domingo was not reprehensible
because it was really an act of benefaction to
those people in preserving the peace there
and in keeping thorn from shedding one an-
other's blood. Will that Senator really make
us believe that the President usurped the war
power of Congress merely for philanthropic
purposes, merely to act upon the impulses of
his benevolent geod nature? Sir, can a Sen-
ator of the United States, making such an
argument, possibly be in earnest? If the peo-
pleof the United States really consider it their
mission to employ their guns in maintaining
peace among the different nations of this and
the other hemisphere, does tho Senator from
Wisconsin, or any other Senator, think the
American people, against the principles of
iheir own Constitution, would leave it to the
philanthiopie impulses of the President alone,
of one man, to decide when those philan-
thropic impulses shall be given vent to,
when the guns of tho United States shall be
sent upon such a belligerent peace mission ?
Does it not occur to the Senator that if we
give such discretionary power to our Chief
Magistrate in spite of our Constitution, that
presidential benevolence, that philanthropy of
the nmeteen-mch caliber might involve us
unaware in any trouble that is going on in any
part of the world? If I know anything of the
people of the United States, they respectfully
beg to be excused. Really, sir, this chapter
in the Senator's speech, with due respect to
his ability be it said, does not rise to the dig-
nity of an argument.
But even tho pretest of intentions and pur-
poses merely benevolent, when you look at the
facts, appears utterly without foundation. Had
the President been actuated only by such im-
pulses, they could easily have found other more
useful and more magnificent theaters of action.
Why did he not show the least desire to imer-
furein so many of those revolutions which have
happened on the continental part of this hemi-
sphere during his administration, or a desire
to send his philanthropic artillery down to
Paraguay, where blood was flowing in streams,
in order to interfere in a war in which, against
our desire, we came so near being involved?
No, sir; it will not do to tell this benevolence
story to an intelligent people. What was
done was done to further, by force of arms, if
need be, a pet scheme of the White House,
in which neither the Congress nor the people
of the United States had shown the least in-
terest. It was for this that the war-making
power of Congress was usurped, that the Con-
stitution, in one of its most essential and vital
points, was invaded, and that the peace and
the honor of this liepublic were recklessly put
in jeopardy.
And now let me say to the Senators who
have attempted to defend these things that they
have undertaken a hopeless, I might almost
say an utterly impossible, task, and to judge
from appearances they feel it. However elo-
quently the Senator from New Jersey may
speak of the personal merits and great services
of General Grant, all of which we recognize,
however deeply the senior Senator from Wis-
consin may dive into the treasures of ancient
lore, and however frequently the Senator from
Indiana may quote Calhoun's dispatch to Shan-
non, it is all in vain. You cannot justify what
is wrong. You cannot hide what is clear and
pateut to every eye in this Republic. You
cannot defend what is indefensible. Give it
up, gentlemen ; let this case stand or fall upon
its own merits. Others may follow in the foot-
steps of those who have already spoken, and
they may heap abuse upon the Senator from
Massachusetts and myself, abase more bitter
than already has been showered upon us. That
also will be all in vain, gentlemen. Neither
legal quibbles nor personal vituperation will
alter a single fact in the case ; it will not close
the eye of a single honest and patriotic man in
this country.
To-day I read ia a newspaper that my only
object in stepping forward in this debate was
t9 injure the President in the opinion of the
people. Sir, I am too well aware of the
peculiar position which General Grant holds
in this country, not to know that his Adminis-
tration cannot be broken down, unless it breaks
down itself; and what it has accomplished in
that direction falls upon its own responsibility.
No, sir; I have not spoken because I have any
personal feeling against the President, for I
have not, but because I have a very strong
personal feeling for the fundamental laws of
this country and for the cause of constitutional
government; because I believe that it is time,
at last, in the face of these glaring facts that
we should do our utmost to dispel that most
dangerous confusion of ideas which represents
to us the United States, the Government, and
the person of the President as one and the
same thing; it is high time to check the growth
of irresponsible power which is gradually and
with a cat like step creeping upon us in various
forms. That is the object for which I am
struggling ; it is the impulse which I obey ; and
I desire to have it understood.
Senators, this is no small question. Do not
indulge m that delusion ; the country will not
regard it so. Never in the history of this Re-
public would this subject have been lightly
treated. There never was a time when it should
be treated more seriously, for Congress never
had to confront a stronger attempt at what
might properly be called personal government.
In the history of France yon read of Louis
XIY, how he entered the Parliament in session
slapping his whip upon his riding-boots, and
proclaiming, "I am the State." What do
you see here? You see the Executive step-
ping before the people and proclaiming, "I
am the war making power of this Republic."
That is the fact, gentlemen, which we have to
deal with.
Recently I expressed my apprehension that
the annexation of the tropics might lead to mili •
tary usurpation. Is there anybody on this floor
who will still deny it? It is with military usurp-
ation that it has commenced. We have heard
Senators speak of extending the blessings of re-
publican government to San Domingo. I would
respectfully suggest to those Senators that itis
time to see to it that the integrity of republican
government be preserved at home. In the face
of these facts we have a solemn duty to per-
form. Put the mildest, put the most charitable
construction upon all these acts—do not call '1
a crime what the President has done, do not
call it a misdemeanor, call it by the mildest
term—an involuntary mistake—and still that
great duty remains. It is the duty to vindi-
cate the Constitution of the United States.
Sir, what was the oath we took before enter-
ing upon the discharge of our duties in this
Chamber? It was that we should support the
fundamental law of this country. So we have
sworn ; and we are now called upon to uphold
the Constitution in one of its most essential
points. The power to declare and initiate war
