298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
whether on the fields of France or the island
of St. Domingo, is war, over which hovers not
only death, but every demon of wrath. Nor
is war merely conflict on a chosen field; it is
force employed by one nation against another,
or in the affairs of another, as in the direct
menace to Hayti and the intermeddling between
Baez and Cabral. There may be war with-
out battle. Hercules conquered by manifest
strength the moment he appeared onthe ground,
so that his club rested unused. And so our
Navy has thus far conquered without a shot;
but its presence in the waters of Hayti and
Dominica was war.
TWO SOURCES OP TESTIMONY.
All this will be found under two different
heads, or in two different sources ; first, what
is furnished by the State Department, and
secondly, what is furnished by the Navy De-
partment. These two Departments are wit-
nesses, with their agents, confessing and act-
ing. From the former we have confession;
from the latter we have acts ; confessions and
acts all in harmony and supporting each other.
1 begin with the confession.
CONFESSION OF STATE DEPARTMENT.
In the strange report of the Secretary of
State, responsive to a resolution moved by me
in the Senate, the dependence of Baez upon
our Navy is confessed in various forms. No-
body can read this document without noting
the confession, first from the reluctant Secre-
tary, and then from his agent.
.Referring to the correspondence of Raymond
U. Perry, ourcommercialagentatSt. Domingo,
who signed the treaties, the Secretary presents
a summary, which though obnoxious to just
criticism, is a confession. According to him
the correspondence ''tends to show that the
presence of a United States man-of-war in the
port was supposed to have a peaceful influ-
ence,." (Senate Ex. Doc. No. 17, Forty-First
Congress, third session, page 12.) The term
"peaceful influence" is the pleonasm of the
Secretary confessing the maintenance of Baez
in his usurpation. There is no such thing as
stealing; '' convey the wise it call;" and so with
the Secretary the maintenance of a usurper by
our war ships is only "a peaceful influence."
A discovery of the Secretary. But in the levity
of his statement the Secretary forgets that a
United States man-of-war has nothing to do
within a foreign jurisdiction aud cannot exert
influence there without unlawful intervention.
The Secretary alludes also to the probability
of "another revolution," of course against
Baez. in the event of the failure of the annex-
ion plot, and here is another confession of the
dependence of the usurper upon our Navy.
But the correspondence of Mr. Perry, as
communicated to the Senate, shows more
plainly than the confession of the Secretary
how completely the usurper was maintained
in power by the strong arm of the United
States.
The anxiety of the usurper was betrayed at
an early day, even while vaunting the popu-
lar enthusiasm for annexion, la a dispatch
dated at St. Domingo, January 20, 1870, Mr.
Perry thus reports :
"Tbe Nuntasket left this port January!, 1370, and
we ha,vp. not heard from hor since. She was to go
to Peurto Plata [a port of Dominica] and return via
SamanaBay, [aisoinDomiuica.l Weneedtheprotec-
tion of a man-of-war very much, but anticipate her
return very soon."
Why the man-of-war was needed is easily
inferred from what is said in the same dis-
patch :
"The President tells me that it i? almost impos-
sible to prevent the people pronouncing for an-
nexion before the proper time. lie pr.efers to await
the arrival of ra_ United States mun-of-wur before their
opinio,i U publicly expressed.'' {Ibid., p. 10i.)
V the truth were told, the usurper felt that it
was almost impossible to prevent the people
from pronouncing for his overthrow, and there-
fore he wanted war-ships.
Theu under date of February 8, 1870, Mr.
Perry reports again:
" President Baez daily remarks that the United
States Government has not kept its promises to send
men-of-war to the coast. lie seems very timid and
lacks energy. (Hatch-St, Domingo Hep., p. 63; Sen-
ate No. 234, Forty-First Congress, second session.)
The truth becomes still more apparent in the
dispatch of February 20, 1870, nearly three
months after the signature of the treaties, and
while they were still pending before the Senate,
where it is openly reported:
" If the United States ships were withdrawn, he [Baez]
could not holdthe reins of the Government. X have told
him this." (Senate Ex. Doo., p. 105, No. 17, Forty-
First Congress, third session.)
Nothing can be plainer. In other words, the
usurper was maintained in power by our guns.
Such was the official communication of the very
agent who had signed the treaties, and who was
himself an ardent annexionist. Desiring an-
nexion, he confesses the means employed to
accomplish it. How the President did not at
once abandon unfinished treaties maintained
by violence, how the Secretary of State did
not at once resign rather than be a party to
this transaction, is beyond comprehension.
Nor was the State Department left unin-
formed with regard to the distribution of this
naval force. Here is the report, under date of
St. Domingo, March 12, 1870, while the vote
was proceeding:
"The Severn lies at this port; the Swatara left
for Samana the 9th; the Nantasket goes to Puerto
Plata to-mori£>w, tho 13th; the Yantic lies in the
river in thiscity. Admiral Poor, on board the Severn,
is expected to remain at this port for some time.
Everything is very quiet at present throughout the
country." (Ibid., p. 107.)
Thus under the guns of our Navy was quiet
maintained, while Baez, like another usurper,
exclaimed, "Now, by St. Paul, the work goes
bravely on."
What this same official reported to the State
Department he afterward reaffirmed under
oath, in his testimony before the committee
of the Senate on the case of Mr. Hatch. The
words were few, but decisive, touching the acts
of our Navy—"committed since we had been
there, protecting B'aez from the citizens of
San Domingo." (Hatch-St. Domingo Report,
p. 195; No. 234, Forty-First Congress, second
session.)
Then, again, in a private letter to myself,
under date of Bristol, Rhode Island, February
10, 1871, after stating that he had reported
what the record shows to be true, "that Baez
was sustained and held in power by the Uni-
ted States Navy," he adds:
" This fact Baez acknowledged to me."
So that we have the confession of the Secre-
tary of State, also the confession of his agent
at St. Domingo, and the confession of Baez
himself, that the usurper depended for support
on our Navy.
AN' AMERICAN CITIZEN SACEIFICUD TO HELP THE
TREATY.
This drama of a usurper sustained by for-
eign power is illustrated by an episode, where
the liberty of an American citizen was sacri-
ficed to the consummation of the plot. It ap-
pears that Davis Hatch, ofNorwalb, Connec-
ticut, intimately known to one of the Senators
of that State [Mr. Ferry] and respected by
the other, [Mr. Buckingham,] lived in Domin-
ica, engaged in business there, while Cabral
was the legitimate President. During this
time he wrote letters to a New York paper,
in which he exposed the character of the con-
spirator Basz, then an exile. When the latter
succeeded by violence in overthrowing the regu-
lar Government, one of his first acts.was to
arrest Mr. Hatch on the ground that he had
cooperated with Cabral. How utterly ground-
less was this charge appears from a letter to
Baez from his own brother, governor of the
province where the former resided, (Hatch-
St. Domingo Rep., No. 234, p. 186.) and
also from the testimony of Mr. Somers Smith,
our commercial agent in St. Domingo, who
spoke and acted as became a representative
of our country. (Ibid., pp. 1-17.)
Read the correspondence and testiinony-ean-
didly, and you will confess that the whole charge
was trumped up to serve the purpose of the
usurper.
Sparingall details of trial and pardon, where
everything testifies against Baez, I come to the
single decisive point on which there can be no
question, that, even after his formal pardon,
Mr. Hatch was detained in prison by the au-
thority of the usurper—at the special instance
ofCazneau and with the connivance of Bab-
cock, in order to prevent his influence against
the treaty of annexion. The evidence is ex-
plicit and unanswerable. Gautier, the minis-
ter of Baez, who had signed the treaty, in an
official note to our representative, dated at St.
DomiDgo, February 19, 1870, and communi-
cated to the State Department, (Senate Ex.
Doc. No. 17, page 106, Forty-First Congress,
third session,) says: "I desire that you will
be good enough to assure his excellency, the
Secretary of State at Washington, that the
prolonged sojourn of Mr. Hatch here has been
only to prevent his hostile action inNew York.''
Nor is this all. Cazneau had the equal hardi-
hood to write to Babcock, then at Washington,
under date of February 19, 1870, a similar
version of the conspiracy, where, after denoun-
cing our commercial agent at St. Domingo
who was urging the liberation of Mr. Hatch,
he proceeded to say that the latter "would
certainly make use of his liberty to join the
enemies of annexion"—"that a few wechs'
restraint would not be so inconvenient to him
as his slanderous statements might become to
the success of General Grant's policy in the
Antilles," and, that in reply to our commercial
agent insisting before Baez that Cazneau was
"opposing the liberation of an innocent man,"
he urged that "President Baez had the right
and ought to do everything in his power to
serve and protect negotiations in which our
President [Grant] was so deeply interested."
(Hatch-St. Domingo Report, Senate, No. 234,
pp. 135,136 Forty-First Congress, second ses-
sion.) All this is clear, plain, and document-
ary. Nor is there any drawback or deduction
on account of the character of Mr. Hatch,
who, according to the best testimony, is an
excellent citizen, enjoying the good will and
esteem of his neighbors at home, being re-
spected there " as much as Governor Buck-
ingham is in Norwich," (Ibid., page 181,)
and we all know that no higher standard can
be reached.
In other days it was said that the best gov-
ernment is where an injury to a single citizen
is resented as an injury to the whole State.
Here was an American citizen, declared by our
representative to be an "innocent man,"
and already pardoned for the crimes falsely
alleged against him, incarcerated, or, accord-
ing to the polite term of the minister of Baez,
compelled to a "prolonged sojourn," in order
to assure the consummation of the plot for
the acceptance of the treaty, or, in the words
of Cazneau, "to serve and protect negotiations
in which our President [Grant] was so deeply
interested." The cry, "I am an American
citizen," was nothing to Baez—nothing to
Cazneau—nothing to Babcock. The young
missionary heard the cry and answered not.
Annexion was in peril. Annexion could not
stand the testimony of Mr. Hatch, who would
write in New York papers. Therefore was he
doomed to a prison. Here again I forbear
details, though at each point they testify.
And yet the Great Republic, instead of spurn-
ing at once the heartless usurper, who tram-
pled on the liberty of an American citizen,
and spurning the ill-omened treaty which
required this sacrifice, continued to lend its
strong arm in the maintenance of the tram-
pier, while with unexampled assiduity it pressed
the treaty upon a reluctant Senate.
CONFESSION OF STATE DEPARTMENT WITH REGARD TO
HAYTI.
But intervention in Dominica is only one
part of the story, even according to the confes-
sion of the State Department. Side by side
