1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
San Domingo—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
is one of the highest attributes of sovereignty.
More than any other, it involves the welfare,
the peace, and the honor of a people. There-
fore the power to declare war was expressly
lodged in that branch of the Government in
which the sovereignty of the people is most
comprehensively represented: in the Legisla-
ture. It cannot be otherwise in a truly repub-
lican Government. This is a conditio sine qua
non of republicaninstitutions. Let that power
pass into the hands of the President, and the
dearest interests of the people are at the mercy
of one single man.
I ask you, Senators, has not the power of
the Executive, through the immense patron-
age at his disposal, become alarmingly great
already? Is it not to a fearful extent already
encroaching on the independence of the Legis-
lature of this Republic, and exercising a most
dangerous influence upon the morality of our
public life? Permit the Executive, in addition,
to arrogate to itself the war-making authority,
and you create a one-man power in the Nesv
World stronger and more dangerous than you
find it in some of the constitutional monarch-
ies of the Old. Some newspapers have been
indulging in extravagant statements about the
despotic power of the Emperor of Germany.
Why, sir, the Emperor of Germany cannot de-
clare war without the consent of the Federal
Council. The Emperor of Germany cannot
remove, at his arbitrary pleasure, the office-
holders of the empire.
Concede to the President, in addition to the
patronage which he wields, the war making
power, or even so much of it as he arrogates
to himself, and you are in a fair way of mak-
ing him in some respects more absolute than
the emperor of Germany himself, only that
we bhall elect our monarch every four years;
and continuing to descend on the dangerous
slope, it is very questionable how long you will
enjoy that pleasure. But you say you will not
concede to the President any such power. Not
concede it! But will you permit it to betaken?
What a trifling play with words and facts would
thai be'! In the face of what has been done,
we are told that we shall not undo it, and shall
not even make a demonstration of our disap-
proval. So, at least, I interpret the speeches of
the Senators from New Jersey, Indiana, and
Wisconsin. Is not this strange? Has the Presi-
dent grown so great that we must submit to
everything that proceeds from him? Or has
Congress grown so small that we dare not refuse
our acquiesence in the command from above,
even if it appears in the form of a violation
of the fundamental law? Indeed, if there be
anything more alarming in all this than the
transgressions ot the Executive, it is the indif-
ference, nay, the willingness to surrender which
we notice m so many representatives of the
people.
The Senator from New Jersey made a touch-
ing appeal yesterday. He recounted to us all
the services rendered by General Grant, how
his image is engraven on the hearts of many
hundred thousands of people, and how uni-
versally he enjoys the confidence of the coun-
try. If it be so, if the President do enjoy the
confidence of the country is that an argument
why he should be permitted to overleap the
constitutional limitations of his power and to
usurp the prerogatives of another branch of
the Government? If he do possess the con-
fidence of the people, is that a reason why
he should be permitted to abuse it? If so, I
shall join in the prophetic exclamation of one
whose name is never pronounced here with-
out respect, almost amounting to reverence.
I mean William Pitt Fessenden. He uttered
these words in a debate to which I have already
called the attention of the Senate. It was in
the year 1859, when President Buchanan asked
ofthe Congress of the United States the power
by belligerent measures to protect the safety
of United States citizens on the Panama transit
route; it was on that occasion that William
Pitt Fessenden uttered the following memorable
words •
"I hope the time never will cnmc when we shall
have a man at the head of this Bopnblie who has so
much the confidence of the people that we shall be
willing to invest in him powers, and trustthom to his
discretion, which the Constitution has vested in us.
It was for wise purposes that our wise ancestors said
the people should judge ot'the propriety of making
a war against another people. As I said before, I
hope the time will never come wtien we shall have
aPresidentin whoso hands weshali be ready to trust
so much power."
Thus Mr. Fessenden, of whom friend and
foe agree that he had the pride and independ-
ence of a true man and the conscience of a
true representative of the people. Remember
once more the subject of that debate. Presi-
dent Buchanan asked for power by warlike
means to protect the safety of United States
citizens abroad; and not only his political
opponents denied this power, but even the
Senators of his own party, and foremost
among them Jefferson Davis, who protested
against intrusting evpn a President who was
a mere tool of the slave power with such dis-
cretionary authority. But here, gentlemen,
the question is not to protect the safety of
American citizens. Here the question is to
protect a usurper, Bacz, in a foreign country.
And, now, you speak of the confidence with
which we shall surrender such powers to the
Executive! It is humiliating, indeed, that
Republican Senators should have to take a
lesson of independence of spirit even from
Jefferson Davis and his partisans.
If you raise the question of confidence we
are not called upon to ask whetaer the Presi-
dent possesses it; but the proper question to
ask is whether, in view of this act and to this
extent, it is safe to give it to him. What has
he done? In order to further a scheme of his
own, he has ordered naval commanders to
commit warlike acts without the authority of
Congress. Thus he transgressed his constitu-
tional powers and usurped those of the national
Legislature; he jeopardized the peace and the
honor and the safety of this Republic. Doing
this, he has either proved that be does not
understand the constitutional limitations of his
power, or that he is reckless enough knowingly
and willfully to break through them. In either
case, if he does possess the confidence of the
people, it is, in view of these acts, high time
for the people to consider whether that confi-
dence is safely bestowed. The people may
well ask themselves if the President, impelled
by such inducements as the San Domingo
scheme offered, went so far, how far he may
be inclined to go under the impulse of tempta-
tions still stronger.
Sir, I do not speak of the President without
that respect which is his due. Nor do I put
upon the things he has done a harsh construc-
tion. The President's education was that of
military life. He was unused to the operations
of the checks and balances of power which
constitute the rule of civil government. If
the habit3 of peremptory command oti the one
side and of absolute obedience on the other
impressed themselves strongly on his mind, it
was not his fault. So he was elected Presi-
dent, and suddenly transferred to the complex
duties of the most responsible civil positiou
of this Republic. If his temper is not such as
to shake off the force of life-long habits with
ease ; if it is not supple enough to accommo-
date itself to a position no longer one of undi-
vided power and responsibility, it may be called
his misfortune; but let it not, by a confidence
beyond reasonable bounds, become the mis-
fortune ofthe American people. Confidence,
is your cry? In his cradle every American has
learned to repeat by heart the grand old watch-
word, "Vigilance is the price of liberty."
Have the people so utterly forgotten it? But
if the ppople have forgotten it, we, as the guard-
ians of the rights and liberties of the people,
have no right to forget it. In view of a
flagrant infraction of the Constitution of the
Republic, of a usurpation of power, we have
no right to be lulled by the confidence game.
Sir, it was with astonishment and mortifica-
tion that I heard the just criticism passed by
the Senator from Massachusetts upon the Pres-
ident's act denounced as a blow struck at the
Republican party. The Republican party!
What, sir, is Ulysses S. Grant the Republican
party? Is the San Domingo scheme the Re-
publican cause? Is that most preposterous and
dangerous doctrine, that the President may
acquire the war-making power by a sleight-of-
hand, the Republican platform ? Republican
Senators would do well to pause before they
commit themselves on so fatal a position. If
it has come to this, if you really could make
the people of the country believe that fidelity to
the Constitution and republican government,
■that hostility to the San Domingo scheme and
to usurpation, means hostility to the Repub-
lican party, then you will find that presiden-
tial party uncomfortably small. I warn my
Republican friends not to identify the cause
of their party with one man and with the acts
of one man. I warn them not to impose such
a tax upon the consciences of honest and
independent people.
So far the responsibility for all this rests
upon the President alone. There let it rest.
But you relieve him by an approval of his acts,
and you will load that responsibility upon the
back of the Republican party. And here I
boldly assert that any party which assumes
such a responsibility must inevitably break
down under the burden. As long as repub-
lican institutions are dear to the hearts of the
American people, no party in this land can
bear such a load with impunity. No party in
a republic like ours, among a noble and in-
dependent and liberty loving people like ours,
can hope to maintain itself with unmanly sub-
mission to that which is wrong, even if that
wrong be committed by its chief.
The mere fact that a Republican President
did those acts, the Republican party can
endure ; but what the Republican party cannot
endure is to place itself in the attitude of
having committed those acts itself. And I
venture to predict, that the time is not very
far when those will be looked upon as the truest
Republicans who did not hesuate to expose
themselves to suspicion and vituperation and
obloquy in order to relieve the Republican
cause of this most intolerable harden—for
the Republican party will be once more the
party of independent men.
The Senator from Wisconsin in a fine strain
of classic eloquence likened the Senator from
Massachusetts to Brutus striking his dagger into
Cse^ar's breast after Casca and Cassius had
already done their work. It was a beautiful
figure, and the likeness is better than the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin thought. To be sure, the
dagger was not leveled at the breast of Repub-
licanism, but the weapon went straight into the
heart of Ctesarism; and the Senator from Wis-
consin, scholar as he is, will remember that
the world has since agreed to call Brutus " the
noblest Roman of them all." [Applause in
the galleries, promptly checked by the Presi-
dent.]
And now I appeal to Senators, what are we
to do under these circumstances? Can we do
less, I ask them most candidly, than endeavor
to undo, as far as now in our power lies, the
iniquity which has been perpetrated ? Can we
do less than express our disapproval in ever
go mild a form ? Can we, in the face of that
solemn oath which we have sworn at that desk,
do less? I see here many Senators sitting
around me who were upon this floor in the im-
peachment of Andrew Johnson. I would ask.
