62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 29,
Senate.
San Domingo—Mr. Harlan.
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
those who voted for his conviction on charges
insignificant by the Side of the facts now before
us, on evidence dim and uncertain by the side
of this open documentary confession—L ask
them, can those Senators now do less than
what it is proposed to declare in the resolu -
tions now before us ? I would ask Senators
whether they are willing to let it go out to the
world that the Constitution of the United
States may be invaded not only with impunity,
but even without the poor satisfaction ot a pro-
test ?
Have you considered what the consequences
of your submission to these things will be ?
Have you thought of the meaning of your ac-
quiescence? It will mean simply this: you
tell the President of the United States, "Go
on, sir, without fear; whatever powers you
may desire to claim for yourself, claim them ;
in whatever way you may break through the
constitutional limitation of your authority, do
it; you can always rely upon a ready apology
and justification upon the floor of this your
ever-faithful Senate." Such a precedent we
are about to set for all time to come. Is any
Senator here prepared to stoop to that atti-
tude?
Our duty seems to me clear as sunlight. We
owe it to ourselves, we owe it to the people who
sent us here, we owe it to posterity, to whom
we have to transmit these republican institu-
tions unimpaired, to look that duty boldly in
the face. I know it is very hard to pronounce
judgment in a case like this. The acts we are
discussing are the acts of our President. We
elected him, and we had hoped with cordiality
to suppovt his administration from beginning
to end. We would gladly exonerate him from
all blame if we could ; and yet our duty re-
mains the same; and it is this duty that tests
our metal. It is no great thing to watcli and
restrain within the constitutional limits of his
power an Executive to whom you are politically
opposed. There is nothing brave, nothing to
be proud of in that. But to watch with con-
scientious care that your friends in power do
not, encroach upon the rights and liberties of
the people, arrogating to themselves illegiti-
mate authoriiy, that is the thing which marks
the true and faithful guardian of the laws,
the thing which distinguishes the patriot Irotn
the mere partisan. If I see the danger of
usurpation looming up anywhere, it is in that
blind and reckless party spirit which will com-
placently wink at and be ready to defend any
wrong when perpetrated by a friend, which it
would most violently denounce when merely
attempted by a political opponent. While it
is a hard, I say, therefore, it is a stern and a
proud duty.
ISut this is not all. The Chief Magistrate,
whose acts we now consider, is not only our
Ptesident, and, as we havef'allen into the habit
of calling him, not only the official chief of our
party, he is also a man who has well deserved
ol i his Republic, whose name is identified with
some of the heroic pages of our history, and
whose fame, perhaps, is an object of somewhat
tender solicitude to the American people. I,
sir, would be the last man to be unmindful of
the great services he has rendered. Not, one
of us. I am sure, is inclined to forget the deeds
he did in the field for his country, and because
we are not inclined to forget those deeds we
canno! but deplore most sincerely that, after
having contributed so much to the salvation
ol this Republic in war, he has done things so
dangerous to l&publican institutions in peace.
The American people are enthusiastic admir-
ers of wavliUe'gloi y ; but I should be vei y loath
to blame the American people for not permit-
ting their enthusiasm to close their eyes to the
short comings of their heroes 011 other fields
of action, in this respect they are by no moans
peculiar. The President, if his political acts
meet with censure, is in distinguished com-
pany. I repeat, I would be the very last man
on earth to detract from that just renown which
he has earned; but there were men before him
who had won great renown on the field of bat-
tle and then failed in the high responsibilities
of civil life. No man iu modern history has
given so much glory to the arms of old England
as the Duke of Wellington; and yet all that
glory could not protect his windows against the
stones thrown by multitudes of indignant cit-
izens when, as a minister, he had forfeited the
favor of the people. The vote of the House
of Commons which drove him from power did
not wipe out the glories of the Peninsular cam-
paign nor dim the luster of Waterloo; but all
the Peninsular glories, and the luster of Water-
loo, were not strong enough to give success and
popular approval to the Duke's civil adminis-
tration. Our disapproval of a presidential
act of General Grant will not encroach upon
our appreciation of the capture of Vicksburg
and the victory of Richmond; but the laurels
of Vicksburg and Richmond cannot make his
acts now under discussion constitutional, nor
can they turn a presidential blunder into an
act of wisdom.
If the Duke of Wellington was a great cap-
tain and a poor minister, the British people
show their gratitude by remembering his bril-
liant successes in war and generously forget-
ting his failures in peace. If the Duke of Wel-
lington could rise up from the dead to-day,
hale and hearty, the British people would
make him general again, but they would make
him minister no more. And if General Grant
meets with a similar fate at the hands of his
most appreciative fellow-citizens, he has no
reason to complain of " the ingratitude of re-
publics."
Sir, I do not want this Republic to be
ungrateful. No, sir, let us pay all our debts
of gratitude to the utmost farthing. In our
school-boy days we were apt to grow enthusi-
astic over the stern republican spirit of ancient
Greece and Rome. In the history of Greece
we read of Milt.iades, who saved the independ-
ence of his republic 011 the field of Marathon,
and then died in chains. In the history of
Rome we read of Manlius, who, by his reso-
lute bravery, repulsed the barbarians from the
Capitol, and on the very theater of his exploit
he was precipitated from the Tarpeian rock.
And of neither of them is it recorded that he
was guilty of acts more dangerous to repub-
lican liberty than those we have been now
discussing.
Sir, nothing could be farther from my mind
than to recommend the punishment inflicted
upon the Greek and the Roman hero as exam-
ples worthy of imitation. However much more
grievous the transgressions now before us may
be than those of Miltiades and Manlius, surely
nobody here thinks of chains and Tarpeian
rocks. Let all these evil deeds pass without
the correction which the Constitution provides
for them. We all are ready, even in our judg-
ment, to temper justice with gratitude and
charity. Yes; let us be grateful. It is true,
he who has deserved well of the Republic
should never forget, as Washington never for-
got it, that the highest reward of a true re-
publican consists in the greatness of his coun-
try and the assured rights of his fellow-citi-
zens. But if he wants more, let him have
more. Give him riches with a lavish hand;
cover him all over with gold; steep him in
luxuries; but let not your gratitude to one
make you unmindful of your duty to all. I
beseech you let not gratitude seduce you to
throw the laws of the Republic at his feet.
No nation deserves to be free aud great, no
nation will remain free and great—nay, sir,
that nation has already ceased to be free and
great that will pay a debt of gratitude at the
expense of its constitutional rights and liber-
ties.
Senators, do not underrate the importance
of this subject. The consequence of your
action in this case may be felt for good or evil
throughout the whole future of this Republic.
Do not indulge in the pleasant delusion that
you are permitted to dismiss this business with
a mere shrug of the shoulder. Let us not, I
entreat you, attempt to shirk our responsi-
bility by evasive expedients. I have heard it
rumored that a motion will be made to lay
these resolutions 011 the table, or to avoid
action by dilatory tactics. Sir, I trust it may
not be so. On an occasion like this the peo-
ple have a right to expect that their repre-
sentatives should have the courage of a great
duty. Let this first precedent of acquiesence
in an act of usurpation by a successful sol-
dier pass into our history, and you will have
struck a blow at the cause of Free Govern-
ment that will resound throughout the earth.
The nations of the world will ask: Have the
American people become so tired of their con-
stitutional rights that the guardians of the
Constitution can permit them to be invaded
not only with impunity, but even without a
remonstrance? They will ask: Is it true then,
what so frequently has been said, that the
United States issued from their first revolu-
tion as a Republic only by accident, an acci-
dent depending upon the sublimely unselfish
spirit of Washington, who, instead of grasping
the crown, modestly retired to the plow of Cin-
einnatus? But, on the other hand, you vindi-
cate the Constitution against the President,
even the President of our own choice—and the
world will understand that in this Republic at
least no man can grow so great as to overtop
the majesty of the laws ; that here at least
republican institutions are safe, for they are in
the keeping of men who "know their rights,
and knowing, dare maintain." [Applause in
the galleries.]
The President and Ban Domingo.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES HARLAN,
Oi? IOWA,
In the United States Senate,
March 29, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lutions of Mr. Sumner relative to the employment
of tli © naval forces of the United States in Dominican
waters—
Mr. HARLAN said:
Mr. President: Two Senators have spoken
in favor of the adoption of the pending reso-
lutions. I listened to the first, for three hours
and more with so much interest as not to move
from my seat or feel a sense of weariness, aud
with enough attention to hear, I think, every
word that dropped from his eloquent lips. I
always listen to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] with the deepest
interest, as we all know that he has obtained
a right, on this floor to be heard with attention
from every member of this body, having served
more consecutive years than any other mem-
ber of the Senate. But lest my heart might
have been led captive by his eloquence, and
my judgment warped, I read last night all of
the fifteen columns and more of that speech
carefully, for the purpose of ascertaining, if I
could, thecrimes that have been alleged against
the President of the United States, the motives
for the charges brought against him, the char-
acter of the evidence by which they are sup-
ported, and the good that could probably flow
from the adoption of the propositions that
have been submitted.
O11 yesterday and to-day the speech of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts has
been supplemented by the honorable Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz ;] a Senator as
brilliant as the former, and as thoroughly
