1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
[Samana] coming to the southern coast."
{Ibid., p. 32.) And as late as January 8,
1871. Rear Admiral Lee reports from off San
Domingo City, that delay in accomplishing
annexion has among other things "risk of
insurrection;" thus attesting the dependence
of the usurper upon our power. Such is the
uniform story, where the cry of the usurper is
like the refrain of a ballad.
BELLIGERENT INTERVENTION IN HAYTI.
The constant intervention in Dominica was
supplemented by that other intervention in
Hayti, when an American admiral threatened
war to the Black Republic. Shame and indig-
nation rise as we read the record. Already
we know it from the State Department. Rear
Admiral Poor, under date of February 12,1870,
reports to the Navy Department his achieve-
ment. After announcing that the Severn, with
an armament of fourteen 9-inch guns and one
60 pounder rifle, and the Dictator with an arm-
ament of two 15-inch gnns, arrived at Port au
Prince February, 1870, he narrates his call on
the Provisional President of Hayti, and how,
after communicating the pendency of negotia-
tions and the determination of the Govern-
ment of the United States "with its whole
power" to prevent any interference on the
part of the Haytian or any other Government
with that of the Dominicans, (meaning the
usurper Baez,) he launched this declaration :
" Therefore, if any attack should be made upon the
Dominicans [meaning the usurper Baez] during the
said negotiations, under the Haytian, or any other
flag it would be regarded as an act of hostility to the
United States flag, and would provoke hostility m
return."
Sach was his language in the Executive
Mansion of the President. The Rear Admiral
reports the dignified reply of the President and
Secretary of State, who said:
"That while they were aware of their weakness,
they knew their rights, and would maintain them
and their dignity as far as they were able, and that
they must be allowed to be the judges ot their own
policy, or words to that effect." {Ibid., p. 14.)
Such words ought to have been to the Rear
Admiral more than a broadside. How poor
were his great guns against this simple reproof!
The Black Republic spoke well. The Rear
Admiral adds, that he heard afterward, unof-
ficially, "that the authorities were displeased
with what they considered a menace on the
part of the United Stales accompanied with
force." And was it not natural that they
should be displeased? _
AU this is bad enough from the official rec-
ord ; but I am enabled from another source,
semi-official in character, to show yet more
precisely what occurred. I have a minute
account drawn up by the gentleman who acted
as interpreter on the occasion. The Rear Ad-
miral could not speak French ; the President
could not speak English. Instead of waiting
upon the Secretary of State and making his
communication to this functionary, he went at
once to the Executive Mansion, with the oiii-
cers of his vessel and other persons, when,
after announcing to the President that he came
to pay a friendly visit, he said that, ^ as a
sailor, he would take the same opportunity to
communicate instructions received Irom his
Government." .
The President, justly surprised, said that he
was not aware that the Rear Admiral had any
official communication to make, otherwise the
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs would
be present, being the proper party to receive
it.. The Secretary of State and other members
of the Provisional Government were sent lor,
when the Rear Admiral proceeded to make
the communication .already reported, and at
the same time pointing to his great war-ships
in the outside harbor, plainly visible from the
Executive Mansion, remarked, that it could
be seen he had power enough to enforce his
communication, and that besides he was ex-
pecting other forces, (and in fact two other
war ships soon arrived, one of thetn a monitor;)
and then he answered, that it any vessels
under Haytian or other flags were found in
Dominican waters, he would sink or capture
them.'" Brave Rear Admiral! The inter-
preter, from whose account I am drawing, Says
that the President felt very sorry and humil-
iated by this language, especially when the Rear
Admiral referred to the strong forces under
his command, and he proceeded to reply:
"That Hayti having the knowledge of her feeble-
ness and of her dignity had taken note of the com-
munication, madem the name ofthcUnited States,
that, under present circumstances, the Government
of Hayti would not interfere in the internal affairs
of Santo Domingo, but the Government could not
prevent the sympathies of tho Havtian people to
be with the Dominican patriots, fighting asainst
annexion.
Who will not say that in this transaction
the Black Republic appears better than the
Rear Admiral ?
TWO PROPOSITIONS ESTABLISHED.
Such is the testimony establishing beyond
question the two propositions, first, that the
usurper Baez was maintained in power by our
Navy, to enable him to carry out the sale of his
country, and, secondly, that further to assure
this sale the neighbor Republic of Hayti was
violently menaced, all this being in breach of
Public Law, International and Constitutional.
In considering how far this conduct is a
violation of International Law and of the Con-
stitution of the United States, I begin with the
former.
GREAT PRINCIPLE OF " EQUALITY OF NATIONS " VIO-
LATED.
International Law is to nations what the na-
tional Constitution is to our coequal States ;
it is the rule by which they are governed. _ As
among us every State, and also every citizen
has an interest in upholding the national Con-
stitution, so has every nation and also every
citizen an interest in upholding International
Law. As well disobey the former as the latter.
You cannot do so in either case without dis-
turbing the foundations of peace and tranquil-
lity. To insist upon the recognition of Inter-
national Law is to uphold civilization in one
of its essential securities. To vindicate Inter-
national Law is a constant duty which is most
eminent according to the rights in jeopardy.
Foremost among admitted principles of In-
ternational Law is the axiom, that all nations
are equal, without distinction of population,
size, or power. Nor does International Law
know any distinction of color. As a natural
consequence, whatever is the rule for one is
the rule for all; nor can we do to a thinly-
peopled, small, weak, or black nation what
we would not do to a populous, large, strong,
or white nation ; nor what that nation might
not do to us. Do unto others as you would
have them do unto you, is the plain law for all
nations, as for all men. The equality ot nations
is the first principle of International Law, as
the equality of men is the first principle in our
Declaration of Independence, andyou may as
well assail the one as the other. As all men
are equal before the law, so are all nations.
This simple statement is enough; but since
this commanding principle has been practically
set aside in the operations of our Navy, I pro-
ceed to show how it is illustrated by the au
thorities.
The equality of nations, like the equality of
men, was recognized tardily, under the grow-
ing influence of civilization. Not to the earlier
writers, not even to the wonderful Grotius,
whose instinct for truth was so divine, do we
repair for the elucidation of thi? undoubted
rule. Our Swiss teacher, Vatte), prompted,
perhaps, by the experience of his own country,
surrounded by more powerful neighbors, was
the first to make it stand forth in its present
character. His words, which are as remark-
able for picturesque force as for juridical
accuracy, state the whole case :
" Nations composed of men and considered as so
many free persons living together in. a state oi na-
ture, are naturally equal, and inherit from nature
the same obligations and rights. 1 ower or weak-
ness does not in this respect produce any difierence.
A dwarf is as much a man as a giant; a small repub-
lic is no less a sovereign State than the most power-
ful kingdom. By a necessary consequence of that
equality, whatever is lawful for one nation is equally
lawful for any other; and whatever is unjustifiable
in the one is equally so in the other." (Vafctel, The
Law of Nations, Preliminaries, sees. 18, 19.)
Later authorities have followed this state-
ment, with some slight variety of expression,
but with no diminution of its force. One of
the earliest to reproduce it was Sir William
Scott, in one of his masterly judgments, lend-
ing to it the vivid beauty of his style :
"A fundamental principle of public law is the
perfect equality and entire independence of all dis-
tinct States. Relative magnitude creates no distinc-
tion of right; relative imbecility, whether permanent
or casual, gives no additional right to the more pow-
erful neighbor; and any advantage seized upon that
ground is mere usurpation. This is the great founda-
tion of public law, which it mainly concerns the peace
of mankind, both in their polificand privatecapaci-
ties, to preserve inviolate.1' (TheLeLouis, 2Dodson
Rep,, 243.)
The German Heffter states the rule more
simply but with equal force:
"Nations being sovereign or independent of each
other treat together on a footing of complete equal-
ity. The most feeble State has the same political
rights 93 tho strongest. In other terms, eacn State
exercises in their plenitude tho rights which resuH
from its political existence and from Us participation
in international association." (Heffter, Le Droit
International, Liv. I, sec. 27.)
The latest English writers testify likewise.
Here are the words of Phillimore :
" The natural Equality of States is the necessary
companion of their Independence—that primitive
cardinal right upon which the science of Interna-
tional Law is mainly built." * " v * "They
are entitled in their intercourse with other States to
all the rights incident to a natural Equality. No
other State is entitled to encroach upon this Equal-
ity by arrogating to itself peculiar privileges or pre-
rogatives, as to the manner of their mutual inter-
course." (Phillimore, International Law, Vol. II,
p. 33.)
Twiss follows Phillimore; but gives to the
rule a fresh statement;
"The independence of a nation is absolute and not
subject to qualification, so that nations in respcct ot
their intercourse under the Common Law arc 1 eers
and Equals." * * * * "Power and weak-
ness do not in this respect give rise to any distinc-
tion." * * ** * "It results from this
equality, that whatever is lawful for one nation is
equally lawful for another, and whatever is un-
justifiable in the one is equally unjustifiable in the
other." (Twis, The Law of Nations, p. 11, Ch.tp. i,
sec. 12.)
In our own country Chancellor Kent, a great
authority, gives the rule with perfect clearness
and simplicity:
"Nations are equal in respect to each other, and
entitled to claim equal consideration lor their
rights, whatevermay be their relative dimensions or
strength, or however greatly they may differ i" (gov-
ernment, religion, or manners. This periect equality
and ontire independence of all distinct States is a
fundamental principle of public law." (Kent, Com-
mentaries. Vol. I, p. 21.)
General H lleck, whose work is not sur-
passed by any other in practical value, while
quoting especially Vattel and Sir William Scott,
says with much sententiousnesa:
"All sovereign States, without respect to their
relative power, are, in the eye of Internationai Law,
equal, being endowed with the sarno natural rights,
bound by the sauio dutio-s, and subject to fclie same
obligations." (Hallcck, International Law, Ouap.
V, sec. 1.)
Thus does each authority reflect the other,
while the whole together present the Equality
of Nations as a guiding principle not to be
neglected or Sishotiored.
The record already considered shows how
this principle has been openly defied by our
Government in the treatment of the Black
Republic, ,/ir.si, in the menace of war by Ad-
miral Poor, and secondly, in the manner of the
menace, being in substance and in form, hi
both respects the admiral did what he would
not have done to a powerful nation, what he
would not have done to any white nation, and
what we should never allow any nation to do
to us. .
Hayti was weak, and the gallant _ Admiral
rowing ashore pushed to the Executive Man-
sion, where, alter what be called a friendly
visit, he struck at the Independence ot the
Black Republic, pointing from the windows ot
the Executive Mansion to his powerlul navy,
, aud threatening to employ it against the Ha>*
