302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
tian capitol or in sinking Haytian ships. _ For
the present I consider this unprecedented inso-
lence only so far as it was an offense against the
Equality of Nations, and here it may be tried
easily. Think you that we should have done
this thing to England, France, or Spain ? Think
you that any Foreign Power could have done
it to us? But if right in us toward Hayti, it
would be right in us toward England, France,
or Spain; and it would be right in any For-
eign Power toward us. If it were right in us
toward Hayti, then might England, France,
Spain, or Hayti herself do the same to us.
Imagine a foreign fleet anchored off Alexan-
dria, while the admiral pulling ashore in his
boat, hurries to the Executive Mansion, and
then, after announcing a friendly visit, points
to bis war-ships visible from the windows, and
menaces their thunder. Or to be more pre-
cise, suppose the Haytian navy to return the
compliment here in the Potomac. But just
in proportion as we condemn any foreign fleet,
including the Haytian navy, doing this thing,
do we condemn ourselves. The case is clear.
We did not treat Hayti as our peer. The
great principle of the Equality of Nations was
openly set at naught.
To extenuate this plain outrage I have
heard it said, that, in relations with Hayti,
we are not bound by the same rules of con-
duct applicable to other nations. So I have
heard, and this, indeed, is the only possible
defense for the outrage. As in other days it
was proclaimed that a biack man had no rights
which a white man was bound to respect, so
this defense assumes the same thing of the
Black Republic. But at last the black man
has obtained equal rights, and so, I insist, has
the Black Republic. As well deny the one
as the other. By an act of Congress, drawn
by myself and approved by Abraham Lincoln
in the session of 1802, diplomatic relations
were established between the United States
and Hayti, and the President was expressly
authorized to appoint diplomatic representa-
tives there. At first we were represented by
a Commissioner and Consul General; now it
is by a Minister Resident and Consul General.
Thus, by act of Congress and the appoint-
ment of a Minister, have we recognized the
Equal Rights of liny ti in the family of nations,
and placed the Black Republic under the
safeguard of that great axiom of International
Law, which makes it impossible for us to do
unto her what we would not allow her to do
unto us. In harmony with the United States,
the Almanac de Gotlia, where is the authentic
if not official list of nations entitled to Equal
Rights, contains the name of Ilayti. Thus
is the Black Republic enrolled as an equal;
and yet have we struck at this equality. How
often have I pleaded that all men are equal
before the law, and now I plead that all
nations are equal before the law, without
distinction of color.
BELLIGERENT INTERVENTION CONTRARY TO INTERNA-
TIONAL L.Mr.
From one violation of International Law
I pass to another. The proceedings as already
detailed show belligerent intervention, con-
trary to International Law. Here my state-
ment will be brief.
According to all the best authorities, in har-
mony with reason, no nation has a right to
interfere by belligerent intervention in the in-
ternal affairs of another, and especially to take
part in a civil feud, except under conditions
which are wanting here; nor has it a right to
interfere by belligerent intervention between
two independent nations. The general rule
imposed by modern civilization is Non-Inter-
vention; but this rule is little more than a
scientific expression of that saying of Philip
de Comines. the famous minister of Louis
11th, " Our Lord God does not wish that one
nation should play the devil with another."
Not to occupy time with authorities, I con-
tent myself with some of our own country,
which are clear and explicit, and I begin with
George Washington, who wrote to La Fayette
un$er date of December 25, 1798:
*' No Government ought to interfere with the in-
ternal concerns of another, exeept for the security of
what is due to themselves." (Sparks s Writings or
Washington, Vol. XI, p. 382.)
Wheaton lays down the same rule substan-
tially when he says:
" Non-interferenee is the general rule to which
eases of justifiable interference form exceptions
limited by the necessity of each particular caie.
(Wheaton. Elements of International Law, p. 132,
Part II, Chap. I, sec. 12.)
Thusdoes Wheaton, like Washington, found
intervention in the necessity of the case_. Evi-
dently neither thought of founding it on a
scheme for the acquisition of foreign territory.
In harmony with Washington and Wheaton,
I cite General Halleek in his excellent work:
" Wars of intervention are to be justified or con-
demned accordingly as they are or are not under-
taken strictly as the means of self-defense, and self-
protection against the aggrandizements of others
and without reference to treaty obligations, for, if
wrong in themselves, the stipulations of a treaty
cannot make them right." (Iialleck, International
Law, Chap. XIV, sec. 19.)
Then again Halleek says in words applicable
to the present ease :
"The invitation of one party to a oivil war can
afford no right of foreign interference as against the
other party. The same reasoning holds good with
respect to armed intervention, whether between bel-
ligerent States or between belligerent parties in the
same State." (Ibid.)
Armed intervention, or, as I would say,
belligerent intervention, is thus defined by
Halleek:
" Armed intervention consists in threatened or aet-
ual force, employed or to be employed by one State
in regulating or determining the conduct or aifairs
of another. Such an employment of force is virtu-
ally a war, and must be justified or condemned upon
the same general principles as other wars." (Ibid.,
sec. 12.)
Applying these principles to existing facts
already set forth, it is easy to see that the
belligerent intervention of the United States
in the internal affairs of Dominica, maintain-
ing the usurper Baez in power, especially
against Cabral, was contrary to acknowledged
principles of International Law, and, that the
belligerent intervention between Dominica and
Hayti was of the same character. Imagine
our Navy playing the fantastic tricks on the
coast of France which it played on the coasts
of St. DomingO, and then still further, imagine
it entering the ports of France as it entered
the ports of Hayti, and you will see how utterly
indefensible was its conduct. In the capital of
Hayti it committed an act of war, hardly less
flagrant than that of England at the bombard-
ment of Copenhagen. Happily blood was not
shed, but there was an act of war. Here I
refer to the authorities already cited and chal-
lenge contradiction.
To vindicate these things, whether in Do--
minica or in Hayti, you must discard all ac-
knowledged principles of International Law,
and join those, who, regardless of rights, rely
upon arms. Grotius reminds us of Achilles,
as described by Horace:
—; "Eights he spurns.
As thingsnofc made for him, claims all by arms ; "
and he quotes Lucanalso, who shows a soldier
exclaiming:
"Now Peace and Law, I bid you both farewell.'7
The old Antigonus, who, when besieging a
city, laughed at a man who brought him a
dissertation on Justice, and Pompey, who ex-
claimed " Am I when in arms to think of the
the laws?"—these seem to be the models for
our Government on the coasts of St. Domingo.
USURPATION OF WAI! POWERS CONTRARY TO THIS CON-
STITUTION.
The same spirit which set at defiance great
principles oflnternationalLaw, installing force
instead, is equally manifest in disregard of the
Constitution of the United States, and here
one of its most distinctive principles is struck
down. By the Constitution it is solemnly
announced, that to Congress is given the power
"to declare war." This allotment of power
was made only after much consideration and
in obedience to those popular rights conse-
crated by the American Revolution. In Eng-
land and in all other monarchies at the time,
this power was the exclusive prerogative of the
crown, so that war was justly called the last
reason of kings. The framers of our Constitu-
tion naturally refused to vest this kingly pre-
rogative in the President. Kings were rejected
in substance as in name. The One-Man Power
was set aside and this kingly prerogative placed
under the safeguard of the people, as repre-
sented in that highest form of national life, an
act of Congress. No .other provision in the
Constitution is more distinctive or more worthy
of veneration. I do not go too far when I call it
an essential element of Republican Institutions,
happily discovered by our fathers.
Our authoritative commentator, Judge Story,
has explained the origin of this provision, and
his testimony confirms the statemeut I have
made. After remarking that the power to de-
clare war is "not only the highest sovereign
prerogative, but that it i3 in its own nature
and effects so critical and calamitous, that
it requires the utmost deliberation and the
successive review of all the councils of the
nation," the learned author remarks with
singular point, that "it should be difficult in
a Republic to declare war," and that, there-
fore, "the cooperation of all the branches
of the legislative power ought upon principle
to be required in this, the highest act of legis-
lation and he even goes so far as to suggest
still greater restriction, "as by requiring a
concurrence of two thirds of both Houses"
(Story, Commentaries on the Constitution, sec.
1171. See also sec. 1518.) There is no such
conservative requirement; but war can be
declared only by a majority ofboth houses
with the approbation of the President. There
must be the embodied will of the Legislative
and the Executive, in pther words, of Congress
and the President. Not Congress alone with-
out the President can declare war; nor can
the President ^.lone without Congress. Both
must concur, and here is the triumph of Repub-
lican Institutions.
But this distinctive principle of our Consti
tution and new-found safeguard of popular
rights has been set at naught by the President,
or rather, in rushing to the goal of his desires,
he has over-leaped it, as if it were stubble.
In harmony with the whole transaction, is
the apology, which insists that the President
may do indirectly what he cannot do directly ;
that he may, according to old Polonius, " by
indirections find directions out; " in short, that
though he cannot declare war directly, he may
indirectly. We are reminded of the unratified
treaty with its futile promise "against foreign
interposition," that is, with the promise of the
War Powers of our Government set in motion
by the President alone, without an act of Con-
gress. Here are the precise terms:
"The people of the Dominican Republic shall, in
the shortest possible time, express, in a manner con-
formable to their laws, their will concerning the
cession herein provided for; and-the United States
shall, until such expression shall be had, vroteet the
Dominican Republic against foreign interposition, in
order that the national expression may be free."
(Senate Ex. Doc. Ho. 17, p. 99, Forty-First Congress,
Third Session.)
Now, nothing can be clearer than that this
provision, introduced on the authority of the
President alone, was beyond his powers, and,
therefore, brutum fulmen, a mere wooden gun,
until after the ratification of the treaty. Other-
wise the President alone might declare war
without an act of Congress, doing mdrectly
what he cannot do directly, and thus overturn-
ing that special safeguard which places what
Story justly calls "this highest sovereign pre-
rogative" under the guardianship of Congress.
Here we meet another distinctive principle
of our Constitution. As the power to declare
war is lodged in Congress with the concur-
rence of the President, so is the power to
make a treaty lodged in the President with
the concurrence of two thirds of the Senate.
War is declared only by Congress and the
