1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
42d Cons....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. SheUabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
of his speech ; but if he prefers the exact
words I will read them.
Mr. SUMNER. Nothingabout "infamous."
Mr. HARLAN. Probably not. Here is
one passage:
"Now, sir, as I desire the suppression of the Ku
Iv lux, wherever it shows itself, and as I seek the
elevation of the African race, I insibt that the pres-
idential scheme, which installs a now form of Ku
Klux on the coasts of St. Domingo, and which at the
same time insults the African race, represented in
tbe black republic, shall bo arrested. I speak now
against that Ku Klux on the coast of St. Dommgo
of which the President is the head, and I speak also
for the African race which the President has tram-
pled down."
These are the Senator's exact words; but
that I may do him no injustice I will read a
further passage:
"Pray, sir, with what face can we insist upon
obedience to law and respect for the African race,
while we are openly engaged in lawlessness on the
coasts of St. Domiago aitd outrage upon the Alrican
race represented by the black republic? How can
we expect to put down the KuKlux at the South,
when we set in motion another Ku Klux kisdred in
oou.-'tant insubordinatio* to law and Constitution ?
Differing in object the two are identical in this in-
subordination. One strikes at national life and the
other at individual life."
As national liberty is worth more than indi-
vidual life, I infer that in the opinion of the
honorable Senator the crime of Piesident
Grant exceeds that of the private Ku Klux. I
will repeat the last .sentence:
" One strikes at national life and the other at indi-
vidual life, while both strike at, the African race.
One molests a people, the other a community. Law-
lessness is theeommon element. Butitis diffieultto
see how we can condemn with proper, whole-hearted
reprobation, our own domestic Ku Klux with its
fearful outrages while the President puts himself at
the head, ot a powerful and costly Ka Klux operating
abroad in definite of international law and the
Constitution of the United States."
I appeal to my brother Senators if I did the
honorable Senator injustice ; I have now given
his exact words; and thus the President is ar-
raigned as worse than our domestic Ku Klux
who trample on life, destroy property, disre-
gard law and liberty, for whose suppression
Congress is now in extraordinary session.
These criminals are so atrocious and infamous
as to demand in the name of humanity the
highest efforts of the ablest statesmen for their
condign punishment. Their crimes are so
nefarious as to be without a defender among
civilized men. And yet the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts has charged the President
of this Republic as being worse than them all,
and he does this, as he says himself, "for the
Bake" of this Administration!
But he has a further object: "for the sake
of republican institutions which suffer when
the great Republic makes itself a pattern of
violence;" and to demonstrate his regard for
our republican institutions, and to attract the
favorable consideration of mankind, proceeded
to prove to his own satisfaction, as it seems to
me, that an absolute despotism, under the vir-
tuous Isabella, of old Castile, was to be pre-
ferred to the great Republic under President
Grant!
But he does it, in the next place, "for the
sake of the Republican party." And this
seems to be the greater object of his regard,
for he makes this element of motive the sub-
ject of this commentary:
"And when I speak for the Republican party it
is became liom the beginning I have been the faith-
ful servant of that party, and aspire to see it strong
and triumphant."
I have no doubt of it, with somebody else
in the executive chair. When the execution-
ers took down the body of the Saviour from
<he cross after his crucifixion it is said, "they
parted His raiment among them, and for His
vesture they did cast lotsfor it was without
a seam and not capable of division. Which
of President Grant's executioners is to be
clothed with the executive vestment may be
decided by the American people 111 the autumn
of 1872.
Iregret, Mr. President, that it became acces-
sary for me, in the discharge of my duty as an
American Senator, to call attention to the char-
acter of these speeches. No one ha3 esteemed
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
more highly than I. No one, I may say, if
he will pardon the remark, has loved him "with
a deeper affection. Early in my senatorial
career that honorable Senator placed me under
obligations by personal kindness that I never
can forget. I would not utter one word in dis-
paragement of his great abilities or the purity
of his motives. -I would not take one grain
of sand from under his feet or diminish his
stature by a hair's breadth. If I could do
anything in the discharge of my duty as a mem-
ber of this body to elevate him, if that were
possible, in the estimation of the American
people, I would gladly do it.
But, sir, the preservation of the institutions
of this country, we have been told to day, is
worth more, far more, than the preservation
of friendly relations with Presidents; and that
duty is a task-master that must be obeyed.
As I verily believe, on my conscience that
the preservation of our unity as a nation and
the preservation of our free institutions de-
pend on the triumph of the Republican party
for some years longer, I cannot aid; even by
my silence, any one, however distinguished
and loved, in accomplishing that which must,
in my opinion, result in its destruction. As
feeble as my voice may be, it shall be heard
by those who choose to hear it in defense of
that organization, until, at least, some grave
offense shall have been committed by its lead-
ers, and approved by the party at large
worthy of condemnation. But it must be
something of greater gravity, something more
akin to crime, than the manifestation of a
desire to preserve the peace in a neighboring
island, a desire to prevent rebellion in the
republic of San Domingo. It must be some-
thing different from a manifestation of a desire
to prevent the black republic of Ilayti from
extinguishing its weaker neighbor. This is
President Grant's whole offense.
But I am reminded here that this assault
made on the President is made in defense of
the colored people of San Domingo and Hayti.
That is to say, the President will not quietly
permit the inhabitants of Hayti to cut the
throats of the citizens of San Domingo during
the pendency of a treaty of cession of that
territory to the United States. This is the
whole offense, and for this the President has
been charged as being more guilty than the
worst of criminals.
Now, sir, what object is to be attained by
the further discussion of this subject? Is there
any measure pending before either branch of
Congress involving the necessity of the discus-
sion of these abstract constitutional questions?
In point of fact we all must agree that no crime
has been committed. Whether an erroneous
interpretation of international law may have
been entertained at tbe State Department or
by the President is a matter of bat little value
in the discussion of a question as grave as this.
Hasany crime been committed, have anybody's
rights been trampled under foot, has anybody's
life, liberty, or property been sacrificed by the
President of the United States?
Mr. SHERMAN. Has any nation com-
plained ?
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Ohio asks has any one complained of
any act of violence or wrong on the part of the
President of tho United States? There is not
the shadow of evidence before the Senate of
any such complaint except that of the rebel
Cabral.
Now, as I was about to observe, there is no
question before the Senate, no measure of legis-
lation, no treaty involving the necessity of this
discussion. We will soon have a report, it is
expected, from the board of commissioners
sent down to the island of San Domingo by
authority of Congress. Would it not hava
been in better taste, and more in accordance
with the line of the precedents, if this discus-
sion had been postponed until that report
could have beeu received ? Had there not
been a political purpose to achieve, does any-
body believe that any honorable Senator as
experienced and able as either of these, would
have leaped in ahead of that report, anticipat-
ing it by but a few hours, for the purpose of
making these speeches ? But I thank the
honorable Senator from Missouri for so plainly
indicating their purpose. He would divest a
great military chieftain of a civil trust con-
fided to him by the American people. He has
found a pertinent precedent. Wellington wag
a great general, a great marshal. On many
battle-fields he richly earned all his laurels. He
was, however, a bad statesman. Therefore it
was a good thing to reirove him from his port-
folio in the management of the affairs of British
Government. The parallel: the President of
the United States is a great General, has won
ricbly all the praise he has ever received, and
all the honors with which a nation can clothe
him; but, in the opinion of these honorable
Senators, he is not agreat statesman, and there-
fore, as I infer, without attributing any un-
worthy motives to either of them, in their
opinion it would be wise to lay the foundation
for his removal. This is a question about
which we shall probably hear from the Ameri-
can people ere long.
Mr. President, I move to lay the resolutions
on the table.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. S. SHELLABARGER,
of ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
March 28, 1871.
The House having: under consideration the bill
(H. II. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. SHELLABARGER said:
Mr. Speaker: I will state now in the hear-
ing of the House that in the consideration of
this bill I shall not, s'o far as I am concerned,
call for the previous question prior to next
Monday, unless hereafter the House, by its
order, should indicate a desire that it should
be sooner ordered. I desire also, at the outset
of the remarks which I am about to submit to
the House, to state that it will be more con-
venient and agreeable to me to be permitted
to proceed without interruption until I shall
coiaclude my remarks. If after that I have
any time left, I will then be glad to answer any
questions that may be put to me touching the
matter under consideration.
I enter, Mr. Speaker, upon the considera-
tion of this measure with unfeigned reluctance.
The measure is one, sir, which does affect the
foundations of the Government itself, which
goes to every part of it, and touches the liber-
ties and the rights of all the people, and doubt-
less the destinies of the Union. And more than
that, Mr. Speaker, it involves questions of con-
stitutional law of importance absolutely vital.
And more still, there is a domain of constitu-
tional law involved in the right consideration
of this measure which is wholly unexplored.
We enter upon it now for the first time in th?
history of the Government. And he would
have an inadequate comprehension of the mag-
nitude of the debate upon which we now enUr
who did not enter upon it with extreme hesi-
tation, doubt, and misgiving as to his ability
to thoroughly explore and consider the ques-
tions we approach.
