306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
that Congress might have definite and reliable
information on which to act. I supposed the
purpose of that resolution and the effect of it
would be, for the time, as it were, to take this
question out of politics, and that public opin-
ion would be suspended until that report was
made.
But, sir, it has suited the purposes of some
to keep this question before the country, and
to present it constantly in an exaggerated and
distorted form, as if eager to anticipate the
report, to preoccupy the public attention, and
prejudice the public mind against the character
of that report, whatever it might be. Sir, I
think that the Senator ought to have waited
until that report was received. I believe it
will be the judgment of this country that good
taste and propriety in every way would have
required that this speech should have been
deferred until that report was made by the
commission authorized by a law of Congress.
But the Senator, according to his own state-
ment, intended to make this speech at the last
session, and now he has come in, perhaps at
the earliest moment, and made the speech,
and he has beaten the commission, I believe,
about six hours. We are told that the com-
mission will be here to-night. The telegraph
has told us that their report is prepared. Some
indications have been sent along the wires as
to the character of it. I know not what truth
there may be in them, or what may be the
character of their report; but I do insist that
the Senator ought to have waited until that
report was made.
So far as the charge against the President
of the United States is concerned, and so far
as this speech goes, I believe that very much
of it will be answered by that report. If I
am at all well informed in regard to the con-
dition of things in Dominica and in Hayti, if
my reading has been to any purpose, I am
satisfied that a large portion of this speech
will be contradicted by that report, and I am
willing to wait until the report shall come.
If all the facts were known and stated, the
vindication of the President from the charges
here made would be, I may say, complete.
We have heard to-day for three hours about
war, acts of war, war made by kingly power,
by usurped power; and, after all, it is the most
peaceable war I ever heard of, a war in which
not a gun has been fired and not an act of
violence offered to a single Haytian, so far as
the evidence goes! And, sir, the republic of
Hayti has made no complaint. If there be
any evidence that the republic of Hayti has
ever protested against what has been done,
it has not been offered here to-day. On the
contrary, the notice given by Admiral Poor
of the 9th of February, 1870, that Hayti was
expected to maintain neutrality and to abstain
from interfering with the affairs of Dominica
while our negotiations were pending, was
replied to on the 12th of February, and I will
ask the Secretary to read the reply given by
the minister of Hayti to our minister, Mr. Bas-
sctt, which 1 send to the Chair in the document
now in my hand.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Itameau to Mr. Bassett.
[Translation.]
Secretary of State k-or Foreign Affairs,
Port au Prince, February 12, 1870.
Sir : Your letter of the 9th instant, which I have
had the honor to receive, has been the object of
special attention on the part of my Government.
As soon as the provisional Government-received
your communication of the 10th ultimo, informing
it of the negotiations rending between the United
fatates and the government of President Baes, it
resolved to abstain from all interference in the in-
ternal attairs of the Dominican Republic, and in-
structed, in a formal manner, its agents at home as
well as abroad to act in conformity with this resolu-
tion. We have not failed to give similar instructions
to our consuls at Kingston and Curagoa. Therefore
I think I have reason to contest, not the source of
your information, which 1 learn from youis respect-
able, but the correctness of that information, and
feci myself happy in assuring.you that we have done
ail that is possible to prevent the occurrence of any
act that may be contrary to our disposition in this
circumstance.
My Government has no knowledge of any project
which you tell me has been formed with the design
of interfering in the internal affairs of the Dominican
republic under cover of tho Haytian nag. it is
fully decided to prevent any attempt of this kind
from being carried on through its territory or con-
cocted within the limits of its jurisdiction ; but
against any attempt of the sort which may be made
elsewhere, the parties interested have full power to
use such measures in the premisos as are sanctioned
by international law. . .
Hoping that you will appreciate the foregoing dec-
laration, which I have been charged to make you, I
beg you, sir. to accept the renewed assurance of my
very distinguished consideration.
T. RAMEAU,
Secretary of State for Finances and Commerce,
charged with the Department of Foreign Affairs.
Mr. Ebenezek D. Bassett, Minister Resident of the
United States of America, Port ait Prince,
Mr. MORTON'. It will be perceived from
the reading of that dispatch that the Govern-
ment of Hayti at once gave the assurance re-
quired; and, so far as diplomatic correspond-
ence is concerned, there has never been a pro-
test on the part of that Government in regard
to the action of our Government; and it has
remained for the Senator from Massachusetts
to make that protest and to present the com-
plaints of Hayti.
Now, sir, a few words of history, and I am
done.
The treaty referred to, and the history of
which the Senator has spent, I believe, some
two hours in discussing, expired by reason
of not having been ratified by two thirds of
this body nearly a year ago. It belongs to the
dead past. The Government of the United
States since took an entirely new departure in
regard to this question of annexation. When
the commission was sent out, so far as I under-
stand the Administration, there was no inten-
tion on its part to take a single step in regard
to annexation until after the report should
be made and laid before Congress and the
country; and I may remark here that, so far
as I know, there was no expectation that action
would be taken upon this report either at the
last session or at this session of Congress.
So far as I know, the expectation was that
this- report would go before the country during
the coming season for the consideration of the
people. And as an evidence that the Admin-
istration did not intend that any immediate
action should be taken in regard to annexa-
tion or until this report had gone before the
country and the people fully, I may remark that
there was no one sent along with the commis-
sion who was authorized to negotiate a treaty,
to arrange terms, or to take a single step
toward annexation. The commissioners had
no power of that kind. No one was sent
along with the commission for that purpose.
The whole matter was to be deferred until after
this report should have been received and con-
sidered.
Mr. President, what was it that led to the
action that has been complained of? That
treaty was signed on the 29th of November,
1869. On the 18th of January, 1870, the Sec-
retary of State notified the Haytian Govern-
ment that negotiations were pending for the
annexation of the Dominican republic to this
country and that we should expect the Gov-
ernment of Hayti to abstain from all acts of
hostility toward Dominica during that time.
What was the understanding as shown by the
documents? The Senator did not read them ;
but they are in the documents he has in his
desk. The understanding then was that Hayti
was allowing her territory to be used for the
purpose of hostile organizations to go across
her border and make war upon the people of
Dominica and the Government of Dominica.
It was understood that that had been done
time and again, and that new organizations
were forming; and hence the notice was given
by the Secretary of State on the 18th of Janu-
ary, 1870. Immediately after that notice was
given the Government received further in-
formation, that notwithstanding that notice
preparations of a hostile character were being
made in Hayti against Dominica, and I will
ask the Secretary to read an extract from the
document from which the Senator read, but
which part he did not read on this subject,
commencing where I have marked. It is the
statement of the Secretary of the Navy.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Advices were received at this time which led to
the belief, afterward strongly confirmed, that Uen-
eral Nissage Saget, aleader of the successful revolu-
tionists in Hayti, who hadjust overthrown the Gov-
ernment established in thatiepublic friendly to the
United States and to the Dominican Government,
and exccuted its president, (Salnave,) with several of
his officers, had, in violation of the protection ex-
tended by our Government to the Government of the
republic of San Domingo, during the pendency of our
negotiations with it, put at the disposal of General
Cabral, then in arms against theDominican Govern-
ment, Haytian war steamers and troops, fertile pur.
pose of attacking San Domingo City, the capital of
the republic of San Domingo, and other exposed
to^yns of that republic.
"As these Haytian authorities had already been
notified of the position of the United States in this
matter, and that any invasion or military movement
against the republic of San Domingo would be con-
sidered as a hostile act against our Government, it
was thought proper, in view of this disregard of the
former warning, to repeat it, with such show of
determination and strength as would command re-
spect, and probably prevent the necessity of appeal-
ing to actual force. With this view the following
telegram was sent to Rear Admiral Poor, and fol-
lowed up by the orders of the 19th of February,
given to Commodore Green, who commanded the
southern division of the fleet. How these orders
were carried out will appear from the note of Rear
Admiral Poor to General Saget, and the report of
the admiral which follows."
Mr. MORTON. The Government of Hayti
had no right to invade Dominica, no right to
allow hostile expeditions to go from her terri-
tory into that of Dominica. For her to do so
was a violation of the law of nations, was a
violation of the rights of Dominica, and out
Government was simply calling on the Gov-
ernment of Hayti to observe the law of nations,
and notifying her that we were in treaty with
that country, and that during the time that
treaty was pending we would not permit hei
to prevent the consummation of it by an inva-
sion of Dominica.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator says that the
Government of Hayti had no right to make war
upon San Domingo under the law of nations.
Has any Government in the world a right to
make war upon any Government in the world
by the law of nations, and, if so, what was
there that prevented the Government of Hayti
having a right, under the law of nations, to
make war upon San Domingo?
Mr. MORTON. That answer is not good.
Hayti had no right, under the law of nations,
to invade Dominica for the purpose of pre-
venting Dominica from consummating an act
of annexation to this country. It was ttie
understanding that Saget, the murderer of
Salnave, was opposed to annexation, and was
using his power to prevent it; and when he
organized expeditions, or allowed them to be
organized, for the purpose of preventing Do-
minica from doing what she had a right to do,
and for the purpose of preventing us from
doing what we had a right, to do, that is, to
annex Dominica to this country if Dominica
was willing ; I say that in doing that Hayti did
violate the law of nations. But 1 want to say
more 
Mr. SCHURZ rose. .
Mr. MORTON. The Senator will have an
opportunity after I am through. I have lis-
tened to his colleague now for nearly four
hours, and he might allow me to go on for a
few minutes without becoming impatient,
Mr. President, when we entered into negotia-
tions with Dominica for annexation we were
in the exercise of an undoubted right. When
Dominica entered into negotiations with us she
was exercising an undoubted right. And if
for the purpose of preventing that negotiation
Hayti interfered by force of arms it was cause
of war ; ay, it was actual war, both to Domin-
ica and this country. Who can dispute that
proposition ? Both were in the exercise ot an
