68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shellabarger.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
In my opening remarks upon this measure
I shall not attempt to consider at all that state
of the country which is supposed by a por-
tion of the people, and by the President of
the United States in his recent message, to
require additional legislation of the kind pro-
vided for in this bill. 1 shall confine myself
to a consideration of the qualities of this bill,
its relations to the Constitution, our power to
enact it, and, if I have time, the justness and
■wisdom of the measure.
In the first section of this bill it is provided—
That any person who, under color of any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of
any State, shall subject, or cause to be subjected,
auy person within the jurisdiction of the united
States to the deprivation of any nshts, privileges,
or immunities to which, as such citizen, he is en-
titled under the Constitution or laws of the United
States, shall, any such law, statute, ordinance, reg-
ulation, custom, or usage of the State to the con-
trary notwithstanding, bo liableto the party injured
in an action at law, suit in equity, or other proper
proceeding for redress; such proceeding to be pros-
ecuted in the several district or circuit courts of the
United States, &o.
My first inquiry is as to the warrant which
we have for enacting such a section as this.
The model for it will be found in the second
section of the act of April 9, 186G, known as
the " civil rights act." That section provides
a criminal proceeding in identically the same
case as this one provides a civil remedy for,
except that the deprivation under color of
State law must, under the civil rights act, have
been on account of race, color, or former sla-
very. This section of this bill, on the same
state of facts, not only provides a civil remedy
for persons whose former condition may have
been that of slaves, but also to all people
where, under color of State law, they or any of
them may be deprived of rights to which they
are entitled under the Constitution by reason
and virtue of their national citizenship.
The first inquiry, then, is naturally where is
the constitutional authority, or, if you please,
whore is the constitutional impediment author-
izing or preventing such legislation? It, is
absolutely plain that if it was constitutional to
pass the second scction of the civil rights bill,
then it is equally competent to pass into law
this first section of this bill. Why do I say that ?
Because the same exact right is involved in
each case. The constitutional right upon which
it was competent to enact the second section
of the civil rights bill was this: the civil rights
bill was passed to enforce the provisions of
the thirteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution of the United States—was passed
111 virtue of the two provisions of that thirteenth
amendment, one of which reversed and over-
threw the State constitutions creating slavery
and prohibited the States irom "denying"
the slaves citizenship, turned them into citi-
zens ; and the other, being the second section
of that amendment, gave Congress power to
enforce this first provision by "appropriate
legislation;" or, in other words, to enforce
the rights of citizenship to which the slave was
admitted by the act of his emancipation.
That act, and 1 need not delay longer upon
it, has already passed under the review of the
supreme courts of at least three States of this
Union, and I do not know of how many more ;
also under review of the circuit court of the
United States of the district of Kentucky.
Justice Swayne, in his opinion in that last-
named case, an opinion exceedingly elabor-
ate, exceedingly exhaustive, exceedingly able,
sums up his conclusions by saying, " VVe have
no doubt of the constitutionality of every pro-
vision of this act."
The exact legal effect of these decisions,
sustaining the constitutionality of the civil
rights bill, is to declare that the result of two
constitutional provisions, one saying that the
States shall not make citizens slaves, and the
otSier saying that Congress may, by appropri-
ate legislation enforce the first provision, is
to authorize Congress to define and punish as
a crime against the United States any act of
deprivation of the rights of the newly made
American citizenship. That is the point,
effect, and result precisely of these adjudica-
tions. If that is law, then that is the end of
the discussion as-to the right of Congress to
pass this first section, because, surely, if the
thirteenth amendment did so much as this, the
far more explicit, complete, and careful pro-
visions of the fourteenth much more did it by
declaring all our people United States citizens;
declaring that no State shall make or enforce
any law abridging their privileges or immuni-
ties as such ; declaring that the States shall not
deny them equal protection of these equal
laws, and then declaring that Congress shall
have power, by appropriate legislation, to
enforce the enjoyment of these privileges of
citizenship by seeing to it that the laws do
not abridge them nor the States withhold pro-
tection to them.
Then, Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt, there
can be no rational doubt, of the right to enact
the first section of this bill, provided the civil
rights bill and the adjudications under that bill
in the several States and in the circuit court of
the United States be in accordance with a just
judicial interpretation of the Constitution in
that regard. And how can there be a doubt
about a question like that? To say in our
Constitution that all our people in the States
shall be United States citizens, and also citi-
zens of the States; to add this as a curative,
new and additional part of the instrument, and
in it to say that State laws shall not be made
or enforced to abridge these rights of United
States citizens nor the States deny protection
of these rights under law, and that Congress
may enforce these provisions securing these
rights, and then to say that Congress can do
no such thing as make any law so enforc-
ing these rights, nor open the United States
courts to enforce any such laws, but must
leave all the protection and law-making to the
very States which are denying the protection,
is plainly and grossly absurd.
The section being in its terms carefully con-
fined to giving a civil action for such wrongs
against citizenship as are done under color of
State laws which abridge these rights, it goes
directly to the enforcement of that provision
which says the State shall not make or enforce
any law which shall abridge any privileges or
franchises of citizens.
With these remarks in regard to the consti-
tutionality of the first section, I have a single
remark to make in regard to the rule of inter-
pretation of those provisions of the Constitu-
tion under which all the sections of the bill are
framed. This act is remedial, and in aid of
the preservation of human liberty and human
rights. All statutes and constitutional pro-
visions authorizing such statutes are liberally
and beneficently construed. It would be most
strange and, in civilized law, monstrous were
this not the rule of interpretation. As has
been again and again decided by your own
Supreme Court of the United States, and every-
where else where there is wise judicial inter-
pretation, the largest latitude consistent with
the words employed is uniformly given in con-
struing such statutes and constitutional pro-
visions as are meant to protect and defend and
give remedies for their wrongs to all the
people. These provisions of the fourteenth
amendment are wholly devoted to securing the
equality and safety of all the people, as is
this section, and, indeed, the entire bill. In
deciding whether the section or the bill is war-
ranted by this fourteenth amendment, ought
not the fact that itis so eminently just and fair,
so eminently in accordance with the spirit of
our institutions, so wholly devoted to the sin-
gle and sublime work of preserving the rights
and liberties and government of all the people,
and which gives not a power, except such as
is, by the language employed, carefully con-
fined and consecrated to the saered duty of
protecting the people and their Government,
to have mighty weight in determining the ques-
tion of the power to make it? Chief Justice
Jay and also Story say:
"Where a power is remedial in its nature there t3
much reason to contend that it oughtto be construed
liberally, and itis generally adopted in the inter-
pretation of laws."—1 Story on Constitution, sec. 429.
In the great case of Gibbons vs. Ogden (9
Wheat.) the Supreme Court were urged to de-
cide that the powers held by the United States
as against the States, in virtue of the clause
giving power to make all laws necessary and
proper to carry into execution the granted
powers, were only such as would be given under
a strict construction of these words. The words
of Marshall in reply were : " There is not one
sentence in the Constitution which prescribes
this rule. We do not, therefore, think our-
selves justified in adopting it." And it is with
infinite force that Mr. Story reminds them who
throughout our history have striven to deprive
the United States of its just powers for the
defense of the peo'ple and the Union, and to
leave all power and sovereignty in the States,
since the Union was formed " to establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, to pro-
vide for the common defense, promote the
general welfare, and to secure the blessings
of liberty to the people and their posterity;''
that—
"It would be mockery to ask whether these are
odious objects." * * * * "What pecu-
liar sanctity have the State governments in the eyes
of the people beyond these objects? Are they not
framed for the same general ends? Was not the
very inability of the State governments suitably to
provide for our national wants, national independ-
ence, and national protection, the very ground-worls
of the whole system ?"—1 Story on Constitution, sec-
tion 415.
Surely, having in mind the beneficent pur-
poses of the fourteenth amendment, and con-
struing it in the light of these rules laid down
by Marshall and Story, you do find in that
amendment that power for protection of the
citizens of the United States which this first
section invokes.
I now come to the second section of the bill.
That section, in brief, is one which seeks to
supply the alleged deficiencies of the sixth
section of what is called the enforcement act
of May, 1870, enforcing the provisions of the
fifteenth amendment. It is alleged that that
act, where it defines and punishes criminally a
conspiracy of two or more persons to deprive
a citizen of the United States of any right to
which he is entitled under the Constitution and
laws of the United States, falls worthless, be-
cause of its too great generality and vagueness
in the description of the particular act that
shall constitute the crime. It is any conspir-
acy to deprive a citizen of any right. It is
also alleged as to that section, that being found
in the body of an act which is confined in its
general scope to the enforcement of the fif-
teenth amendment and the right to vote, it
will be construed in the light of the compan-
ionship in which it is found, on the principle
nosciturasociis; and that being so construed,
it will be held to apply only to rights of which
the citizen is deprived in regard to the matter
of voting. For the purpose of removing both
those doubts and questions, if there be any,
(and I think there is a just and fair ground
of doubt upon that matter,) we have inserted
this second section of the bill. It provides—
That if two or more persons shall, within the lim-
its of any State, band or conspire together to do any
act in violation of the rights, privileges, or immun-
ities of another person, which, being committed
within a place under the sole and exclusive jurisdic-
tion of the United States, would, under any law of the
United States then in force, constitute the crime
of either murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery,
assault and battery, perjury, subornation of perjury,
criminal obstruction of legal process or resistance
of officers in discharge of official duty, arson, or lar-
