1871.]_
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
ceny; and if one or more of the parties to said con-
spiracy shall do any act to effect the object thore-
<>f, all the parties to or engaged in said conspiracy,
whether principals or accessories, shull be deemed
euilty of a felony, and, upon conviction thereof, shall
be liable, &c., and the crime shall be punishable as
such in the courts of the United States.
I now proceed to the inquiry, where is the
constitutional power to enact that section into
Saw ? To those members of the House of Rep-
resentatives who are of opinion that the sixth
section of the act of 1870, called " the enforce-
ment act," is constitutional, I need make no
argument. Every gentleman who voted for
or approves that sixth section of the act of
May, 1870, will need no persuasion to come to
the conclusion that this second section is con-
stitutional ; for it rests upon exactly the same
legal ground, and is in its constitutional aspects
identical with it, the only difference being that
the section of this bill defines the offense with
greater exactness. It does so by requiring
that the act conspired to be done must be an
act which would, under the laws of the United
States, within places where the United States
have exclusive jurisdiction, constitute some
one of the following offenses: either murder,
manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, assault and
battery, perjury, subornation of perjury, crim-
inal obstruction of legal process or resistance
of officers in discharge of official duty, arson,
or larceny. That makes exact and definite the
act which must be charged in the indictment.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I proceed to the
consideration for a few moments of the ques-
tion whether either of those sections in the
enforcement act of 1870, or section two of this
bill, has warrant in the Constitution for enact-
ment. I must, for want of time, be very gen-
eral and very imperfect in my statements of my
views in that regard. I have written down and
condensed into a single sentence what I believe
to be the legal principle and idea upon which
the enforcement act of 1870 and this section
of this act may be based, and it is this: when
the United States inserted into its Constitution
that which was not in it before, that the peu-
pleof this country, born or naturalized therein,
are citizens of the United Slates and of the
States also in which they reside, and that Con-
gress shall have power to enforce by appropri-
ate legislation the requirement that their priv-
ileges and immunities as citizens should not
be abridged, it was done for a purpose, and
that purpose was that the United States thereby
were authorized to directly protect and defend
throughout the United States those privileges
and immunities which are in their nature
"fundamental"—and I use my words cau-
tiously when I say "in their nature funda-
mental"—and which inhere and belong of
right to the citizenship of all free Govern-
ments. The making of them United States
citizens and authorizing Congress by appropri-
ate law to protect that citizenship gave Con-
gress power to legislate directly for enforce-
mentof such rights as are fundamental elements
of citizenship.
This, sir, is the foundation idea on which this
section and the whole bill rest for their consti-
tutional warrant. If right, it solves every pos-
sible doubt and difficulty in every part of this
great inquiry. The United States added to its
Constitution what was not in it before; because
never before was it found in the Constitution
in express words that all people in this coun-
try were citizens of the United States as well
as of the States. This was added, and added
for a purpose.
But the addition did not stop there. It was
also added that no State should make or en-
force any law abridging those rights of citizen-
ship then first declared by express constitu-
tional enactment. But they did not stop there.
In the abundance of caution they added that
no State should deprive thein of life, liberty,
or property without due process of law. Nor
did they stop there, but added that the State
should not deprive any person within its juris-
diction of the equal protection of the laws.
And they did not stop there yet, but in still
more abundant caution added that Congress
should have power by appropriate legislation
to enforce these provisions. What provisions?
Why, sir, the provisions that we are all citizens
of one, and but one, Republic. More than that.
That we all have, as such, privileges and im-
munities. Morethan that. These privileges and
immunities shall not be abridged. More than
that. That under the laws of the Union and
the States there should be exact equality upon
the face of the laws ; they should not abridge
rights. More than that. That under these
laws, so equal, the States should not deny
equal protection. More than that. That Con-
gress should have power to make laws appro-
priate to secure all that was meant by and
included in all this,more than trinity of "pro-
visions" that we are all United States citi-
zens ; that our laws shall, as to us all, be equal;
that we shall all have due process of law, and
all equal protection under these equal laws.
Putting all these constitutional elements
together, Mr. Speaker, where is the doubt
Congress may, by appropriate legislation,
protect those rights of American citizenship
so solicitously and so abundantly guarded and
guarantied and made eternal as the Constitu-
tion itself? If, after all this transcendent pro-
fusion of enactment in restraint of the States
and affirmative conferment of power on Con-
gress, the States still remain unrestrained,
the complete, sole arbiters of power, to defend
or deny national citizenship—to make laws
abridging or not abridging, to protect or to
destroy, by banded murder, these United
States citizens as the State may please, and
the United States must stand by a powerless
spectator of the overthrow of the rights and
liberties of its own citizeus, then not only
is the profusion of guards put by the four-
teenth amendment around our rights a miser-
able waste of words, but the Government is
itself a miserable sham, its citizenship a curse,
and the Union not fit to be.
Such are plainly the general aspects of this
question of power to defend by Federal law
the essential franchises of national citizenship.
I will go now into further detail.
I have stated that Congress has power to
protect those rights, whatever they may be,
which inhere in citizenship. What are those
rights? Here, Mr. Speaker, we tread upon
ground that, fortunately, has been explored.
From the beginning of the Government down,
the words in the old Constitution, " privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several
States," have come under judicial notice and
interpretation. I will read a single sentence,
which expresses what "the privileges and
immunities of citizens" are with sufficient
legal accuracy for the purpose of this debate.
I read from 4 Washington Circuit Court Re-
ports, page 380, Corfield vs. Coryel:
"The inquiry is, what are the privileges and im-
munities ol citizens in the several States ? We feci
no hesitation in confining these expressions to those
privileges and immunities which are in their nature
fundamental, which belong of right to the citizens
of all free Governments, and which have at all times
been enjoyed by citizens of the several States which
compose this Union Irom the time ot their becoming
free, independent, and sovereign.
" What these fundamental privileges are it would
perhaps be more tedious than difficult to enumerate.
They may, however, be all comprehended under the
following general heads: protection by the Govern-
ment:"—
Mark that—
"protection by the Government: the enjoyment of
life and liberty, with the right to acquire and pos-
sess property of every kind, and to puisue and obtain
happiness and safety, subject nevertheless to such
restraints as the Government may justly prescribe
for the general good of the whole."
Now, Mr. Speaker, keeping these as the fund-
amental rights of citizenship in our minds, I
point you once more to the terms of this second
section. It makes criminal, attacks of con-
spirators. It punishes, not individual crime,
but only banded, mastering, confederated vio-
lence. Then also it must be directed against
the rights, privileges, or immunities of a citizen.
Then the crime can be committed against no
other rights than those which come clearly,
plainly, and without controversy, within those
rights defined by the authority I have read to
belong to citizenship as such. In this regard
the bill goes nowhere beyond the protection
of rights clearly and unquestionably funda-
mental, and belonging to citizenship in every
free Government as an element and attributer
of that national citizenship which he carries
with him wherever he goes throughout the
world.
Of course, Mr. Speaker, the constitutional
objection to this section is that the acts it seeks
to punish, being committed within a State, can
only be defined and punished as crime under
State law. It assumes that in attempting this
legislation Congress blots out the jurisdiction
and power of the States. It also seems thereby
to assume that there are no classes of acts
which both the State governments and the
national Government may define and punish
concurrently as constituting a crime against
each government. Mr. Speaker, I deny the
soundness of each of these assumptions.
Let me now state what my reply is to this
charge that the second section invades the
exclusive and reserved powers of the States.
The major proposition of my reply I choose to
state in the words of the Supreme Court of the
United States in Joneses. YanZandt, (5 How-
ard, 230,) where the court uses these words:
Congress is charged with the duty of " enforc-
ing by legislation every constitutional provis-
ion. This grows out of the position and nature
of such a Government as ours, and is as im-
perative in the cases not enumerated specially
in respect to such legislation as in others."
In shorter words, Congress is bound to execute,
by legislation, every provision of the Constitu-
tion, even those provisions not specially named
as to be so enforced.
My next proposition is historical, and one
simply in aid and support of the truth of the
first. It is that the United States always has
assumed to enforce, as against the States, and
also persons, every one of the provisions of the
Constitution. Most of the provisions of the
Constitution which restrain and directly relate
to the States, such as those in tenth section
of first article, that " no State shall make a
treaty," "grant letters of marque," "coin
money," " emit bills of credit," &c., relate to
the divisions of the political powers of the
State and General Governments. They do not
relate directly to the rights of persons within
the States and as between the States and such
persons therein. These prohibitions upon the
political powers of the States are all of such
nature that they can be, and even have been,
when the occasion arose, enforced by the courts
of the United States declaring void all State
acts of encroachment on Federal powers.
Thus, and thus sufficiently, has the United
States "enforced" these provisions of the
Constitution. But there are some that are
not of this class. These are where the court
secures the rights or the liabilities of persons
within the States, as between such persons and
the States.
These three are: first, that as to fugitives
from justice; second, that as to fugitives from
service, (or slaves;) third, that declaring that
the " citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all the privileges and immunities of citizens in
the several States."
And, sir, every one of these—the only pro-
visions where it was deemed that legislation
was required to enforce the constitutional pro-
visions—the only three where the rights or
