1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
307
undoubted right, the right to negotiate for an-
nexation ; and if Hayti undertook to prevent
the enjoyment of that right upon our part and
upon that of Dominica by force of arms, and
actually invaded Dominica, it would be not
only cause of war, but I argue that itwould be
actual war to both parties.
Let me illustrate. Suppose, if you please,
that when we were negotiating for Alaska, the
favorite possession of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, England, in order to prevent the con-
summation ofthose negotiations between us and
Russia, bad occupied Alaska with an army—I
■will put the case right there—should we not
have regarded that as war? I appeal to the
well-settled principles of the law of nations as
to what constitutes war and what constitutes
cause of war; and I say that if England had
attempted to defeat our undoubted right to
teeat with Russia for the annexation or acqui-
sition of Alaska while we were in the act of
negotiation, and had occupied Alaska with an
army to defeat the exercise of that right on our
part, we should have regarded it as war.
Mr. President, the question is not new."
The Senator from Massachusetts knew what
was in the books in regard to the acquisition
of Texas. What was the case there? John
O. Calhoun, Secretary of State, in 1844 sent
a dispatch to our minister in the city of Mex-
ico, Mr. Shannon, directing him to notify the
Mexican Government that we were treating
with Texas for annexation, and that any inva-
sion of'Texas by Mexico would be regarded
as offensive; he used the language which
means war. The dispatch is a very lengthy
one. Perhaps I can refer to it; but that would
take some time. The dispatch is very lengthy,
and the argument is put upon this ground:
that Texas was independent and had a right
to contract with us, and if while engaged in
making that contract Mexico interfered by
force of arms to cut off the enjoyment of that
right by her and by us, it would be to us cause
of war. That is the declaration, I believe sub-
stantially, of Mr. Calhoun, and that dispatch
was delivered to the Government of Mexico
by Governor Shannon, then our minister.
Mr. President, this is the whole case. The
Senator complains about the phraseology in
the dispatch of Secretary Robeson or the lan-
guage employed by Admiral Poor. It may not
have been of that perfect diplomatic character
that the Senator would have employed ; but it
was giving notice to that Government that we
were treating for Dominica, and that while we
were doing that she must not interfere by force
of arms; and why was it given?- The reason
has been stated: because it was understood
then as it is now, and we all know it to be the
fact, that there were organizations on foot in
Hayti for the purpose of preventing annex-
ation.
Enough, Mr. President, however, on this
point. I did not intend to make a speech this
afternoon, or to attempt to argue this question.
I simply call the attention of the country again
to what was the object of the elaborate speech
that has been made to-day, not to argue the
impropriety of the acquisition—the Senator
disclaims that—but simply, if possible, to_ fix
■a crime upon the President of the United
States!
Sir, the Senator cannot do that and affect
the Presidentof the United States alone. He
is now charged with the administration of this
Government. He cannot strike a blow at him
without striking-a blow at the country, without
striking a blow at the great party who elected
him, and whom politically he represents; and
no man need tell me that he is the friend of
liberty, the Iriend of the colored man, if he
spends his time and his talents for the purpose
of putting this Government into the hands of
the Democratic party. There is but one party
now that can save this country, and that is the
Republican party; and if that shall be stricken
down by means direct or indirect, this Govern-
ment will pass into the hands of the Demo-
cratic party, the consequences of which we can
well understand.
Mr. HOWE proceeded to address the Senate
in a speech which will be published in the
Appendix when it shall have been completed.
Without concluding, he yielded to
Mr. STEWART, on whose motion (at four
o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 27, 1871.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bdtler, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
ORDER 01 BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order is the call of the States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, when the same shall have been
appointed, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures are in order for printing and
reference.
TESTIMONY IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (EC. R. No.
286) to perpetuate testimony in the courts of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and to be
referred to the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States.
kennrtii m'kenzie.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 287) for the relief of Kenneth McKenzie ;
which was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF SHIP-BUILDING.
Mr. TWICHELL presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts,
in favor of ship-builders of the United States;
which were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means', and ordered to be printed.
DUTY ON MACHINERY.
Mr. PENDLETON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 288) to increase the duty on manufactured
machinery imported from foreign countries;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS TO SOLDIERS OF 1812.
Mr. CARROLL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
289) to amend an act granting pensions to
the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812 who
served sixty days, and to their widows, ap-
proved February 14, 1871; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
the War of 1812.
TAX ON MATCHES.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 290)
to repeal the tax on matches; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
JACOB ELLET.
Mr. STORM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
291) granting a pension to Jacob Ellet, late a
private in company F, sixth regiment West
Virginia volunteers; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
REDUCTION OF TAXATION.
Mr. STORM also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 292) to reduce taxation, to promote peace,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
SUFFRAGE IN UTAH TERRITORY.
Mr. STORM also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 293) to secure to citizens of Utah the right
of suffrage without distinction of race, sex,
color, or previous condition of servitude ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
MISSION TO RUSSIA.
Mr. L. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 294) to place the mission to Russia on a
par in ail respects with the missions to Great
Britain, France, and Germany; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. TERRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
295) for the removal of all political disabilities
imposed on parties therein named by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HANDLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 29G) to relieve certain persons therein
named from the legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HANDLEY also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 297) to relieve Wilson Williams, of
Opelika, Lee county, Alabama, from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
' AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. McKEE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
298) extending the provisions of the agricul-
tural college act to the State of Mississippi;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
RAILROAD IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. McKEE also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 299) to revive and continue in force so
much of the act of August 11, 1856, as relates
to the railroad from Brandon, in the State of
Mississippi, to the Gulf of Mexico ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BARRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
800) to remove the political disabilities im-
posed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments of the Constitution of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
F. M. CORDEIRO.
Mr. MONROE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
301) authorizing the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to settle with F. M. Cordeiro;
which waa read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. GARRETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 302) to relieve certain persons therein
named from all legal and political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States for partici-
pation in the late rebellion ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Co-mmittee on the Judiciary.
JOHN M' MILLAN AND OTHERS.
Mr. WHITTHORNE introduced a bill (EL
R. No. 303) to remove the legal and political
disabilities from John Mcllillan and others ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
RELIEF OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. PACKARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 304) declaring the meaning of the joint
resolution approved July 11, 1870, entitled "A
joint resolution amendatory of a joint resolu.-
