1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
Ho. os Reps.
denial by such State (if the equal protection of the
laws to winch they are entitled under the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of the
"United States.
Now, note, the provisions of the section are,
fiist. that there must be a condition of public
violence, &c., such as to deprive, not one indi-
vidual merely, but a "portion or a class of
the people," of their rights, privileges, or
immunities. They must also be deprived of
the privileges and immunities secured by this
act, which are the privileges and immunities
of American citizens. And more than that,
the oonstituted authorities must also have been
unahle to protect the people or have failed or
refused to protect them. But this is not
enough. They must also omit to apply to the
President of the United States for aid in that
behalf. Until all these things have occurred
there is no authority under this bill (but exist-
ing law gives it in other cases) to send to the
State the military aid of the United States.
Now, the question is, may such aid be sent
by the President, under the fourteenth amend-
ment, without being invited by the Legislature
or Executive of the States, when the things
have happened which are described in that sec-
tion? My answer is that the President may,
under such circumstances, send military aid ;
and. to make this answer complete, I now again
go back to the first section of the fourteenth
article. That section provides two things which
I wish to notice. The first provision is that—
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge tho privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States."
This provision requires that the laws on their
face shall not '1 abridge " the privileges or im-
munities of citizens. It secures equality toward
all citizens on the face of the law. It provides
that those rights shall not be " abridged;" in
other words, that one man shall not have more
rights upon the face of the laws than another
man. IJythat provision equality of legislation,
so far as it affects the rights of citizenship, is
secured. But the section does not stop there.
It contains two other provisions, only one of
which I need now notice. It provides:
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property, without due process of law, nor
deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection oi the laws."
The laws must be, first, equal, in not abridg-
ing rights; and second, the States shall equally
protect, under equal laws, all persons in them.
Therefore, under the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment, when these clauses are
put in juxtaposition, in order to bring the idea
together, Congress shall have power to make
and enforce all proper legislation which shall
be necessary to require of the States that they
shall not abridge the rights of citizenship,
and also that they shall protect all persons
equally. Nothing can be plainer. The thing
is so absolutely self-evident that it admits of
no enforcement by argument. Two things are
provided—equal laws and protection for all ;
and whenever a State denies that protection
Congress may by law enforce protection. The
amendment does not say that in such case the
laws of Congress must be made so that the pro-
tection cannot be furnished to the people until
it is invited by the Legislature or Executive of
I the very State which is denying it. To say in
I such a case as that that Congress cannot pro-
i tect until it is invited to protect by the State
which is doing the mischief, which is making
the denial, is to attribute absurdity to the pro-
vision.
No, sir; the provision is that when the State
authority deny protection, when they do deny
it, then you may give the remedy. And now
mark what you wiil not find, I venture to affirm
in the hearing of the House and the country,
any final judicial denial of in the long com-
ing future, when an Executive of a State or a
Legislature of a State finds a state of violence
which deprives the people of their rights, and
when this State and Executive refuse to call
on the United States for help, then they have
denied the equal protection of the laws ; and
it was for that identical denial, among others,
this section was provided. And it is in the
light of a proposition so plain as that we pro-
vide this third section, by which the refusal
of the State authority to call for the United
Stales aid is made a denial of the equal pro-
tection of the laws ; and there is a case when
Congress may accord the denied protection.
Is not that plain?
I leave that, and next come to the fourth
section. I have not time, sir, left to go into
the details of that section. I wish now to say
this fourth section finds in substance its war-
rant in the interpretation of the Constitution
as furnished by the Supreme Court of the
United States in the case ex parte Milligan, (4
Wallace, 127.) I will read a single sentence,
and reading that I will have shown the House
that this section describes the very state of
things in substance, in which state of things
the Supreme Court were of the opinion that
the privileges of the writ of habeas corpus may
be suspended and martial law declared. Let
me read:
"It follows from what has been said "—
And thisis the opinion of Judge Davis, a man
not now accused of being unduly radical, and
who is threatened with the nomination for the
Presidency of the United States by the Demo-
cratic party.
" It follows from what has been said on this sub-
ject that there are occasions when martial rule can
be properly applied. If, ir. foreign invasion or civil
war, the courts are actually closed, and it is impos-
sible to administer criminal justice according to law,
then, on the theater of active military operations,
where war really prevails, there is a necessity to
furnish a substitute for the civil authority thus over-
thrown, to preserve the safety of the army and
society; and as no poweris left buttho military, it is
allowed to govern by martial rule until the laws can
have their free course. As necessity creates the rule,
so it limits its duration ; for if this government is
continued after the courts are reinstated it is a gross
usurpation of power. Martial rule can never exist
where the courts are open, and in the proper and
unobstructed exercise oi their jurisdiction. It is
also confined to the locality of actual war."
Here I must close, as my time has expired.
This fourth section authorizes the powers of
war in a case where by the very words of the
Constitution it is commanded that they shall
be employed for the public safety. I shall, in
closing the debate, present some reasons why
we should pass the bill.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. AUSTIN BLAIR,
of michigan,
In tiie House op Repbjssentatives,
March 30, 1871.
The House having under consideration tho bill
(II. R. No. 320) to enforcc the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, said:
Mr. Speaker : Thinking it desirable to speak
pretty carefully on this subject, I had taken the
pains to prepare the line of argument which I
designed to address to the House in writing.
I confess thetemptation isquite strongto throw
aside what I had prepared, and to take the
stump and follow the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] after his order and style.
On reflection, however, I conclude that I will
reserve the fine things I might attempt to say
in reply to him for the benefit of my particular
constituents by and by. I shall therefore con-
fine myself to the course which I had origin-
ally marked out, and if any time remains
thereafter, I shall devote it to a reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, since uiy first coming here,
now something more than four years ago, we
have never been without a bill pending to cure
the chronic rebellion still lingering in the South.
Until quite recently it was a question of recon-
struction. But at last the Forty-First Con-
gress completed the business of reconstruction,
aud this Congress begun its session on the 4th
of March with all the States represented, or
entitled to be, in both Houses. It seemed
indeed that we were about to return to the
safe old ways of legislation for the whole coun-
try, undisturbed by exceptional conditions in
any part of the Union. The States are again
all equal in the Union, and all the people are
equal before the laws, with the single excep-
tion of certain disabilities which affect indi-
viduals only under the fourteenth amendment,
and which, I am sure, no one designs to con-
tinue long. To me, sir, this was a great relief.
In the reconstruction measures of Congress I
have never taken any very active part.
On coming here at the beginning of the For-
tieth Congress I found the reconstruction pol-
icy of Congress established substantially, and
fell into its course with my party friends, and
have quietly aided that policy to its conclusion.
Whether it was the wisest policy possible un-
der the circumstances is not now a question
of practical importance. It was the one upon
which the conflicting opinions of many very
able and patriotic statesmen had finally united
and given the force of law. And under that
policy the States have been restored. There
let it rest. Such as it is the work is done, and
it will be vain to attempt to undo it.
We proceed now under the amended Con-
stitution to legislate for the restored Union—
the nation that has vindicated its right to ex-
ist and its power to conquer its enemies. It is
a work that requires the utmost calmness and
deliberation as well as the highest intelligence
and patriotism. I enter upon it at this time
with some reluctance.
My own judgment has been that this Con-
gress ought to have adjourned immediately
upon its organization, and my votes have so been
steadily given. I wished that the laws as they
stand might be thoroughly tested before we
should attempt to enter upon new and untried
fields of legislation. Many and very broad
powers have been granted to the Executive by
previous acts of Congress, for the preservation
of order in the lately insurgent States, which
do not seem to have been brought into requisi-
tion as yet. Why pile statute upon statute to
sleep in your books unused? If a multitude
of laws could bring order out of southern con-
fusion, there ought to have been a millennium
there before this time. We have been steadily
enacting peace there for six years, only to be
answered that there is no peace. Sir, my con-
viction is that it is not law that is wanted in
the South ; it is the execution of the laws, and
that has been confided to another branch of
the Government.
That there are great disorders in the South
at this time there is no doubt; but these things
are not altogether new. The attention of Con-
gress has all along been called to a similar
condition of affairs during the years since the
close of the rebellion, and the pages of the
statute-books are covered with laws to prevent
and punish such offenses as are now com-
plained of. The "Ku Klux Klan" itself is
not a new institution. It is only a little more
devilish than usual just now. In fact, it seems
only a new phase of the popular system of
"lynch law,'' which has prevailed in the South
ever since we can remember. Section six of
the act of May 81, 1870, known as the enforce-
ment act, was aimed directly at the existing
condition of things, as follows:
"Sec. 6. And be u further enacted. That if two or
more persons shall band or conspire together, or go
in disguise upon the public highway, or upon tho
premises of another, with inteni to violate any pro-
vision of this act, or to injure, oppress, threaten* or
