1.871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
resolutions be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means when appointed.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for a division of
the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. On Preference ? The
motion is to refer.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, then, I call a divis-
ion on the reference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is
not in order. When the House is called upon
to adopt the resolutions, as a matter of course,
there is a right under the rules to a division
but on referring a series of resolutions the
reference is not divisible.
Mr. RANDALL. My object is to have a
separate vote so that I may vote for the two
first resolutions, and against the others.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the resolu-
tions on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. May I inquire of the
Chair what gentleman from Wisconsin moved
to lay the resolutions on the table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. MAYNARD. No one on this side objects
to tne reference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I made the motion so
as to get a test-vote. I am against laying on
the table.
Mr. KELLEY. If the resolutions are not
laid on the table, will not the motion of the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] be the
next thing in order ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 2, nays 154, not
voting 71; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. "George M. Brooks and May-
nard—2.
NAYS —Messrs. Aeker, Adams, Arthur, Barry,
Beatty, Beck, Bird. Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright,
James Brooks, Bufflnton, Burchard, Burdett, Cald-
well, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,
Cotton, Cox, Creely, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, De
Large, Donnan, DuBose, Duke, Dunnell, Eldridge,
Elliott, Ely, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Forker, Charle3
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garrett,«Getz, Gal la-
day, Goodrich, Griffith. Hale. Ha.ndley, Harper, Ha-
vens, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W.
Hazleton, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman, Hooper, Kel-
lcy, Kendall, Kerr, King, La.inison. Lamport,, Leach,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
McGrew, McHenry, Mctntyre, McJunkin, McKee,
McNecly. Mcrcur, Merriam,Monroe, Moore,Morey,
Morgan. Leonard Myers, Niblack, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F.Perry, Eli Perry, Peters,
Piatt,Poland, Porter, Potter,Price, Prindle, Rainey,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ellis
H. Roberts,William R. Roberts, Rogers, Sawyer, Sco-
field, Sessions. Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocutn, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Stevens. Storm, Stoughton, Stowell,
St. John, Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Terry, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Twichell, Tyner,
Waddell, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Wash-
burn, AVells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Wil-
lard, .Teronaiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Wood,
and Young—154.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Averill, Banks, Barber, Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham,
James G. Blair, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick 11. Butler, CamjSbell. Comingo, Crebs, Dar-
rall, Dawes, Dickey, Dox, Duell, Karnes, Edwards,
Farnswortb, Garfield. Haldeman, Halsey, llamble-
ton, Hanks, Harraer, George E. Harris, John T.Har-
ris, Hays, Hill, Hoar, Ketcham, Killmaer, Kmsella,
Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, McCrary, McKinney, Mer-
rick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morphis, Neg-
ley, Orr, Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Se«Iey,
Shelhtbarger, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Ste-
venson, Sypher, Thomas. Dwight Townsend, Upson,
Van Trump, Vaugiiaia, Voorhees, Wakeman, War-
ren, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York
and Winchester—71.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Blair, of Michigan, that the resolutions be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
when appointed.
Mr. COX. Is it in order now to call for a
division of the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. Not upon the question of
reference ; it would be upon the adoption Of
the resolutions.
The motion to refer was then agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill of the Senate of the following title:
A bill (S. No. 130) to establish the office of
surveyor at Eastport, Maine.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, a bill
and joint resolution of the House of the follow-
ing titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 19) making appropriations
for the payment of additional clerks and mes-
sengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 28) for the
relief of Robert Moir & Co.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are still in
order from the State of New Hampshire.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, rose.
Mr. BLAIli, of Michigan. I move that the
House now rdjourn.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and, upon a division, there were—
ayes 104, noes 43.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. COX. Let us have the yeas and nays.
I want to see if San Domingo is stronger in
this House than a proposition to relieve the
people from taxation.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and, upon a division, there
were—ayes twenty six, noes not counted.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 47, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Adams, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby, Austin Blair, JamesG. Blair,Braxton, Bright,
Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Carroll, Cobb, Conger,
Cook, Cotton, Creely, Davis, Donnan, DuBose, Eld-
ridge, Elliott. Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkeln-
burg, Forker. Charles Foster. Garrett, Getz, Griffith,
Handley, Harper, Havens, Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton,
JohnW. Hazleton, Hereford, Holman, ICelley, Lam-
gort, Leach, Manson, Maynard, McClelland, Mc-
rary, McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, Mercur, Mer-
riam, Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Leonard Myers. Nib-
lack, Orr, Packard, Palmer. Peck, Pendleton. Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Polaud, Prindle, Rainey,
Randall, John M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers,
Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shober, Shoemaker,Sloss, II. Boarduinn Smith, John
A. Smith, Worthington C.Smith,Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, vSpragne, Stoughton, Srowell, Sutherland?
Swann. WashingtonTownsend.Tuthill,Tyner, Wad-
dell, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley,
and Willard—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Beck, Bird, George M. Brooks,
James Brooks, Buffinton. Crossland, De Large,
Duke, Dunnell, Frye, Hawley, Hay, Hibbard,
Hooper, Kendall, Kerr, Lamison, Lewis, Mclntyre,
McKee. McNeely, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Piatt, Portor, Potter, Price, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
William R. Roberts, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum,
Stevens, Storm, St. John, Taffe, Terry, Turner,
Twichell, Walden, Washburn, Wells, Whitthorne,
Jeremiah M.Wilson, JohnT. Wilson, and Wood—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Arthur, Averill, Banks, Barber,Bell, Biggs, Bmg-
hfcm, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cald-
well, Campbell, Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Darrall, Dawes, Diekey, Dox, Duell, Eames,
Edwards, Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Golladay, Good-
rich, Haldeman, Hale. Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks,
Harmer, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hill,
Hoar, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Kinsel la. Lansmg,
Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, McCormick, McICinney,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,^ Moore,
Morphis, Negley, Packer, Eli Perry, Ritchie, Rob-
inson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Shellabarger, R. Milton
Speer, Stevenson, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wake-
man, Warren. Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Winchester, and Young—-79.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Before the announcement of the result the
business stated below was transacted by unan-
imous consent:
printing of bills.
On motion of Mr. ARTHUR, bills of the fol-
lowing titles, introduced by him, were ordered
to be printed:
An act (H. R. No. 232) relative to United
States court-rooms;
An act (H. R. No. 233) to establish a port
of entry and delivery at the city of Coving-
ton, Kentucky, in the sixth congressional dis-
trict ; and
An act (H. R. No. 234) for the repeal of
the tax on illuminating oil.
On motion of Mr. BROOKS, of New York,
the bill (H. R. No. 19) making appropriations
for the payment of additional clerks and mes-
sengers in the Pension Office, and for other
purposes, was ordered to be printed, with the
amendments of the Senate.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. HARPER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to Captain Hogsed
to withdraw the papers of his company from
the files of the House.
leave of absence.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for the remainder of
the present week.
Mr. LYNCH and Mr. COMINGO, by unani-
mous consent, obtained leave of absence for
two weeks.
order of business.
Mr. COX. Before the Chair announces the
adjournment, I would like him to state the
position of business with regard to the call for
resolutions.
The SPEAKER. When resolutions are
next called for the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Parker] will be entitled to
the floor.
The motion to adjourn having been agreed
to, the House (at one o'clock and fifteen min-
utes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented un-
der the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: A petition of mer-
chants and citizens of Wareham, Massachusetts,
and adjoining towns, praying for an appropri-
ation for improving the harbor of Wareham,
so as to fit it for a harbor of refuge.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A petition
of citizens of Youngstown, Ohio, asking for a
donation of captured ordnance fora monument.
By Mr. MclNTYRE: The petition of Cora
D. Barrott and her children.
By Mr. McNEELY: A petition for the estab-
lishment of a post route between the town of
Colchester and the post office of Fandon, of
MeDonough county, Illinois.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of George
C. Beater, of Peoria, Illinois, praying allow-
ance in his favor against the United States for
the sum of $171,762 55, and for such other
relief as is consistent with equity and justice.
IN SENATE.
TtresDAY, March 28, 1871. -
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a res-
olution of the Legislature of Texas, asking the
appointment of a joint committee of Congress
to inquire into and report upon the outrages
committed in that State during the past five
years by bands of Indians living within the
United States ; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present a resolution
of the Legislature of Virginia, which reads as
follows: ^
Whereas the United States, in the adjustment of
the claims of Virginia for advances made and sums
loaned during the war of 1812, proceeded upon a .
principle erroneous in law, which deprived this
State of a large portion of the sum justly due to her:
Resolved, That the Senators and Representatives
