72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March BO,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
intimidate any citizen vith intent to prevent or hin-
der his free exercise and enjoyment of any right or
privilege granted or secured to him by the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States, or because of his
having exercised tho same, such persons shall be
held guilty of felony, and. on conviction thereof,
shall be lined or imprisoned, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court, the line not to exceed $5,000, and
theimprisonment not to exceed ten years,and shall,
moreover, be thereafter ineligible to and disabled
from holding any office or place of honor, profit, or
trust created by the Constitution or laws of the Uni-
ted States."
This seems to me broad enough, clear
enough, and definite enough to meet every
form of intimidation, injury, or oppression of
the people by disguised bands or conspirators
such as are proved to exist in many States.
Neither are there wanting statutes to enable
the President to enforce the laws of the United
States. As early as 1792 Congress began to
pass laws authorizing the President to use the
military power in the performance of his duty,
to take care that the laws be faithfully executed,
and never since that day has he been without
authority to call forth the militia " whenever
the laws of the United States shall be opposed,
or the execution thereof obstructed in any
State by combinations too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceedings." I do not stop now to refer to these
laws m detail, but they will be found very fall
and ample, and will surprise many gentlemen,
no doubt.
So much, Mr. Speaker, I have said merely
to indicate the course of reasoning which led me
to the conclusion that it was safe for Congress
to adjourn and leave the execution of the laws
and the preservation of peace and good order
in the hands of the Executive, where the Con-
stitution has placed it. And such, I am confi-
dent, must have been the opinion of the Pres-
ident himself almost up to the hour of the
delivery of his late message. But no matter
for that, the message has been sent, and I am
willing to recognize it as furnishing a sufficient
reason for the attempt at further legislation
■which we are now making. The President is
satisfied that •' a condition of affairs now exists
in some of the Stales of the Union rendering
life and property insecure and the carrying of
the mails and the collection of the revenue
dangerous " that the power to correct these
evils is beyond the control of the State author-
ities, and that the power of the Executive of
the United States, acting within the limits of
existing Saws, is sufficient for existing emer-
gencies is not clear." So believing, the Pres-
ident could not do less than to recommend
that the lack of authority be supplied. Pre-
cisely in what particular existing laws fail to
meet the emergency is not indicated, and Con-
gress is left to its own judgment in that regard.
The occasion is one of great gravity. The
President, to whom is committed the duty of
executing the laws, informs Congress that an
emergency has' arisen in which he doubts
whether his powers under existing laws are
sufficient. Congress is about t-0 adjourn and
will not again assemble until December next,
unless specially called by the Executive.
Under these circumstances, we cannot hesi-
tate. It is our duty to reconsider the whole
subject and to fortify the just powers of the
Executive in so far as we are able under the
Constitution, which is supreme over all the
departments of Government. This the com-
mittee has attempted to do in the short bill
which has been reported and is now under
consideration. The attempt has been made,
it wiil be observed, not to travel far out of the
line of safe precedents. There is not much
iu the bill that is not sustained in principle
by laws already in force, and these principles
are not urged, [ think, beyond unreasonable
limits. I deplore the necessity which exists
for the passage of any bill like this. The ex-
ercise of the sovereign powers of government
to repress disorder and to punish crimes against
the State must always be looked upon with
great distrust iu a popular Government like
ours. So common emergency will justify it,
no merely party exigency will furnish even an
apology for it. I agree with the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] that we are upon
our oaths now and cannot shirk the great
responsibility we assume.
But, while gentlemen urge us so earnestly
not to venture beyond the line of powers
granted to us by the Constitution, I ask them
also not to forget that we are equally under
obligation to afford that protection to the citi-
zen which is the great object of the Constitu-
tion itself, and without which all government
is a delusion and a snare.
A body of more than a hundred armed men
surrounds the house of an officer of the United
States engaged in the peaceful performance
of his duties in the collection of the revenue.
He is seized, carried out into a lonely place,
stripped, and whipped ignominiously until
physical endurance fails and he lies like one
dead before his cowardly and brutal assail-
ants. Thus they leave him, with a warning
that he must leave the country in ten days or
suffer death. He is charged with nothing but
an effort to execute the laws you have made.
And this is only one case out of many.
These bands, armed and oath-bound, roam
at will over whole districts of country accom-
panied by every circumstance of outrage and
terror. They ride in the night and light their
path with burning buildings. They scourge
and outrage defenseless women whose only
offense is teaching the ignorant and poor.
They murder men in their own houses for a
difference in political opinions and defy the
laws which denounce these acts.
And now, sir, when we undertake to bring
to bear upon this condition of affairs the power
and authority of the United States to preserve
order and to punish crimes, gentlemen on the
other side rise excitedly and shout in our ears
the Constitution! the Constitution! touch not
the Constitution. Is it true then that these
night, marauders can find safe shelter under
the Constitution of the United States?
The courts are powerless to redress these
wrongs, and the State Governments fail to
afford protection to the people. The Klans
are powerful enough to defy the State author-
ities. In many instances they are the State
authorities. And if you deny to the General
Government the authority to interfere, then
there is no remedy anywhere. To wait until
the State calls for assistance to suppress the
disorders is to wait, in many instances, for a
voice from the grave. The States are pros-
trate before a power they cannot control.
What, then, is the remedy? Will gentlemen
who oppose this bill point it out to us ? The
existence of the disorders cannot be denied,
and it will hardly do to apologize for them.
The country will not be satisfied with mere
criticism of the committee's bill. Jf there be
a better way let it be shown and we will gladly
accept it.
This question of the want of constitutional
authority in Congress to intervene for the res-
toration of order in the States when in insur-
rection was one of the difficulties encountered
in the late rebellion. Many conscientious
gentlemen were then greatly troubled by it,
and it will be observed that the same persons
are troubled now and all the time. It was
safely surmounted then, and I think it will be
now.
The new principle asserted in the bill is that
the Government may interfere to put down
insurrection in a State without the application
of the State authorities, when the State being
uuable to do so shall fail, neglect, or refuse to
apply for aid. The Constitution seems to
proceed upon the supposition that the State
authorities will always be iu existence, earn-
estly endeavoring to execute the laws faith-
fully, and, in case they shall be unable to do
so, will call upon the President to assist in the
effort.
Unfortunately experience has proved that
this supposition is not always well founded.
It may happen that the insurrection will rise
to such a degree of power as to overthrow the
State authorities altogether. The Governor
may be a prisoner with the insurgents and the
Legislature fugitives from the capital, or th®
State authorities may join in the insurrection
or willfully neglect to take any measures to-
protect the people against it. In all these
eases the Constitution is silent as to the course
to be pursued. But shall it therefore be said
that the Government shall abandon the people
to the fury of a lawless power. The case in
which the United States phould come to the
aid of the State has arisen and the people have
a just right to its protection, bat the formal
request for such aid is wanting either because
the authorities are unable or unwilling to
make it.
Has Congress no power to provide against
this merely technical difficulty? The object
of the Constitution was to protect the people
of the States from lawless violence, and to thai
end it provided in article four, section four,
that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of Government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature or of the Executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
This was necessary, because by the same
Constitution the States are denied the right to
" keep troops or ships of war in time of peace
or engage in war." The power to make war
and conclude peace is vested in the national
Government, and therefore the duty of protect-
ing the States against invasion and domestic
violence is laid upon that Government, which
alone is possessed of adequate means to per-
form it.
This section is mandatory: "The United
States shall protect each of them against do-
mestic violence on application." But, now a
case arises in which the domestic violence
exists, and large numbers of the people who
suffer apply to Congress for its suppression ;
but the State authorities, in plain violation
of their duty, will not make the application.
May not the Government, under this section,
waive the application and move at once to the
performance of its duty in this respect? What
was the object of placing the obligation upon
the United States "on application," except
that it might be informed from the most reli-
able source of the necessity of its action?
May it not, when this information cannot be
had, substitute some other mode of ascertain-
ing that necessity, and then act in a clear ease?
If it cannot, then here a most wonderful hiatus
exists in the Constitution, which sadly needed
supplying. The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] speaking upon this question, says of
the Constitution that—
"It forbids Federal interposition except upon the
call of the Governor or Legislature of the State.
That inhibition is clear, salutary, and imperative.
It is not repealed or modified by the fourteenth
amendment. It is consistent and can well stand
with it."
But this is an entire mistake. The Consti-
tution forbids nothing in this section. It lays
a duty upon the United States in a certain
event, but it does not prohibit the perform-
ance of that duty in case the event does not
occur. The Constitution is open to reason-
able construction upon that subject, and the
construction ought to be such as to promote
the manifest object of the provision, which
was to protect the people of the States againsl
domestic violence. As to the rule of construc-
tion, Chief Justice Marshall said:
"This instrument contains an enumeration of
