310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
in Congress from this State be requested to urge the
passage by Congress of a law providing for the
speedy ascertainment and payment of the balance
due the State.
I move that the resolution lie ou the table
for the present, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of cit-
izens of New York, soldiers in the late war,
praying an amendment to the proposed bounty
land bill by which soldiers may hold the lands
without actual residence thereon ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I send a resolution to the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
not yet in order. Petitions and memorials are
in order. .
Mr. KELLOGG. I present the memorial
of J. W. Zacharie, for himself and other heirs
of Stephen Zacharie, of the firm of Zacharie,
Coopman & Co., praying indemnity for French
spoliations prior to the year 1800. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
referred except by unanimous consent.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to dispose of
it, and I ask unanimous consent to have it
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions can lie
on the table for future reference if the Sen-
ate shall see fit to change the rule. Under
the present rule the Senator from Louisiana
asks unanimous consent to have this petition
referred.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not going to object,
but I suggest to the Senator from Louisiana
that we had better let everything lie on the
table.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well; I am willing
to let this memorial lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
. table.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask if that rule applies
to bills and resolutions of inquiry ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itajsplies to bills.
The question as to resolutions of inquiry was
debated at some length the other day, and the
Chair announced his decision.
"Mr. KELLOGG. I was not in the Chamber
at the time.
Mr. SUMNER. I have three petitions from
citizens of Ohio, and also of New York, asking
.Congress to discourage all measures tending
to involve our nation in a war with England
on account of questions pending ; also, to do
something for the reduction of standing armies ;
also, to favor a provision in all treaties for arbi-
tration ; and finally, to take measures to secure
a congress or court of nations for the settle-
ment of international disputes without resort
to the sword. If it were proper I would ask a
reference of these petitions to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, in the
opinion of the Chair. That would be incipient
legislation.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I ask to
have them lie on the table until the proper
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petitions
will lie on the table, and they can be referred
hereafter if the Senate chooses to do so.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
merchants of Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
praying indemnity for French spoliations com-
mitted prior to the year 1800; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
order op business.
Mr. WEST. I desire to introduce a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
received except by unanimous consent.
Mr. WEST. I ask unanimous consent that
. this bill be received, printed, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the bill which the Sen-
ator from Louisiana wishes to introduce, after
which the Chair will ask for objection.
The Chief Clerk.. A bill amending an act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes, approved March 3, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate thatthe rule shall be enforced
or unanimous consent granted for the intro-
duction of the bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
bills being introduced, but I do not think they
ought to be referred. That puts us right on
the sea of legislation and involves the calling
together of the committees. I have no objec-
tion to its being introduced and laid on the
table.
Mr. WEST. It was with no idea of getting
action at this session that I desired to intro-
duce the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then nothing is gained
by its reference, because if it be referred to a
committee at this session it will be the duty
of the committee at the end of the session to
report it back and ask to be discharged from
its further consideration, and it wouM have to
be re-referred at the next session.
Mr. WEST. I have no objection to its lying
on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be regarded as received,
read twice, and laid on the table. Is it the
desire of the Senate that the rule shall be so
construed?
Mr. ANTHONY. No. I did not mean that
the rule should be so construed. I meant that
I would not interpose any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, if there
be no objection  
Mr. ANTHONY. I said I would not object to
the bill being introduced and laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that course will be taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take
up the resolution I offered the other day.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us get through the morn-
ing business. I have a resolution of inquiry
on which I wish action to day.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want to object
to this bill of the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. West,] but I want some rule adopted that
will apply to all. My own opinion is that we
had better not introduce bills, because if we
do they will have to be reported back at the
close of the session, and I do not suppose the
•committees need be called together. I think
we had better not introduce them. Still, if
any Senator desires to do it, I want them to
lie on the table.
Mr. COLE. If this bill is introduced, I shall
wish also to introduce a bill. I tried the other
day to get it in.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A number of
Senators indicated to the Chair a desire to
introduce bills, and the Chair stated to them
that he would not call bills and joint resolu-
tions, because the rule certainly forbids their
introduction.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I call for the con-
sideration of the resolution I offered the other
day.
Mr. KELLOGG. Are not resolutions in
order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I have sent a resolution to
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island was first recognized when the
Chair called for Senate resolutions.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
any resolution that does not involve debate.
Let my resolution be taken up, and then I will
give way.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow us to go through the morning business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I cannot help myself.
As soon as the Senate will take it up 
Mr. SUMNER. Then I would rather my
resolution should be acted on. It is simply a
resolution of inquiry.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take
up the resolution which I indicated, and if it ia
taken up I will give way for morning business,
anything that does not create debate.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the regular morn-
ing business first in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I ask that the resolu-
tion I have sent to the Chair be considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts desire to call up a
resolution heretofore laid over?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. I sent up an
original resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has pri-
ority. Senate resolutions are in order before
motions to proceed to consider resolutions
laid over can be proceeded with if objection
is made, and the Senator from Massachusetts,
under the call for resolutions, presents a reso-
lution, which will be read.
frederick douglass.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Summer, as follows:
Resolved, That whereas it is reported that Fred-
erick Douglass and his son have been excluded from
the common privileges of other travelers on hoard
the mail steamer between Aquia creek and Wash-
ington, on account of their color, the Committee on
the District of Columbia arc herehy instructed to
inquire into the facts of this case and to consider
what remedy can be appliod to prevent the repeti-
tion of such treatment on account of color.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rules
that this resolution is not in order under the
restrictive rule of the Senate, it not being a
resolution calling for executive information,
and it requiring reference to a committee and
requiring legislation. It is "incipient legisla-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask unanimous consent,
however.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Massachusetts asks unanimous consent to pre-
sent the resolution. Is there objection?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Delaware objects, and the resolution cannot
be received.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted the claimant to
withdraw the papers in the case of Charles Reynolds
and Reynolds & Brown.
On motion of Mr. KELLOGG, it was
Ordered, That Andrew Brown have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
acquisition of lower california, etc.
Mr. KELLOGG. I also ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions be directed to inquire into, and report at the
next, session of Congress, whether the territory of
Lower California and the Mexican States ofSonora
and Chihuahua, or either of them, would be a ue-
fcirable acquisition to the United Statos; and if so,
such resolutions looking to that object as may to
them seem to be just and expedient.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the_ opinion
of the Chair this resolution is not in order
under the restrictive rule adopted by the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Louisiana asks unani-
mous consent to introduce it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. We have enough
of that kind of country now.
business of tiib session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I now move to take up
the resolution I offered some days ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read, for the information of the Senate, the
matter proposed to be considered.
The Chief Clkkk. The motion is, at the
end of the resolution prescribing the legislative
business of the Senate during the present ses-
sion of Congress, to insert the following:
And any bill that may be sont to tho Senate from
the House of Representatives on the same subject.
