74
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku KImx Organizations—-Mr. Wood.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
And herein also the gentleman disagrees
with his own witness, General Butler, who,
it will be remembered, but lately accused the
high tariff-men of an attempt to adjourn Con-
gress and prevent all legislation upon the trou-
bles in the South. They can hardly be guilty
on both these charges, and, I imagine, are quite
innocent on the whole record.
It was evident enough, Mr. Speaker, what
was the precise trouble with the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] He is exceedingly
anxious, ana I do not wonder at it, to drive the
Republican party from power and to bring his
own party into power. And when I state that,
I have stated the whole of the gentleman's
great difficulty. We are corrupt, he says ; cor-
ruption is festering at every point; there is rob-
bery, there is stealing in the most high-handed
manner everywhere. And in order to cover it
up we want to make a dictator of the President
of the United States. We are willing to strike
down the liberties not only of the southern
States, but of all the States.
And he says we are providing for this for
party purposes and for party success. And
then he quotes from Governor Holden, or from
some one who professes to state what Governor
Holden has said, the announcement that the
President of the United States, General Grant,
intends, if it is safe, to hold an election by
and by at the point of the bayonet and reeloct
himself, or if it is not safe, then he will use
bayonets without ballots to perpetuate him-
self in power; and that imperialism is just
upon us. Why, sir, I should like to have the
opinion upon that question of any gentleman
who is personally acquainted with the Pres-
ident of the U nited States. I only ask the gen -
tleman from Kentucky, if he has any serious-
ness at, all about this matter, to go and sit
down with General Grant and talk with him
for five minutes, and if he shall then get up
and come away with the impression that our
President is a Napoleon who is preparing his
guns to batter down the defenses of our lib-
erty and to make himself an imperial despot
in this country, then I should be very much
surprised indeed.
All this, sir, is exceedingly idle. If the
gentleman had been upon the stump in Ken-
tucky, if he were at the hustings haranguing
the klans, I would not have wondered at it so
much. No doubt it might have been received
very kindly indeed there, and perhaps he only
desires that it should go there. But that he
should thus speak to the American House of
Representatives in the consideration of a meas-
ure which he himself says involves very serious
consequences to the country) is certainly sur-
prising enough.
Now, sir, denunciation is very easy, and the
words that constitute it are very cheap. Epi-
thets cost nothing, and the gentleman from
Kentucky availed himself of them very liber-
ally. Looking, however, at the measure which
is before the House, I am confident, when it is
fairly considered, nothing of the danger appre-
hended will be found in it. There are, per-
haps, some clauses in this bill which may be
improved, and probably they will be improved
by amendment. But that it has any such de-
sign or any such purpose as is attributed to it,
is certainly entirely without foundation ; and
the whole of the clamor is intended, I believe,
for political effect, and for political effect
alone.
We upon this side of the House are told
that if any of us vote for this bill we shall never
more return here. Well, sir, I could reconcile
myself pretty easily even to that; at least I
will take the chances upon it without fear.
How many times have we been advised of that;
and how very kind in gentlemen on the other
side to advise us beforehand to look out for
the places that know us now, but if we do this
thing shall know us no more forever. Perhaps
we ought to thank the gentleman for his kind
advice; but, after all, I do not feel so very
thankful, considering the source from which
it comes and the motive of it.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that the people of
the United States are in the main a very rea-
sonable people. I know my own constituents
pretty well; and I never fear to go before them
with any just and honest object. What it is
necessary to do they are willing to do. They
hate and abhor insurrection and murder, as I
do. They believe in just, honest, and free
government, as I do, and they will support
me in my efforts here to maintain it. They
have no respect for rebellion ; they bared
their breasts to the bayonets and bullets of
the enemy to put it down in the late war, and
when they see it rising again they expect their
Representatives on this floor to strike it down
before it attains to the height of power it then
had. They are willing that the power should be
given to the President of the United States to
crush in its inception all lawlessness and dis-
order that, unchecked, would finally lead to war
and bloodshed throughout the land. And I
venture to say that among all the law-abiding
people throughout the United States there will
be but one voice upon this question. We
stand upon our responsibility before the coun-
try, and we will meet it fearlessly. If we make
mistakes they shall be made in an effort to
protect the people in their rights, and not in
mercilessly abandoning them. Our appeal is
to the enlightened judgment and conscience of
the nation; aud by that we will stand or fall.
Alleged Ku Klux Outrages.
SPEECH OF HON. FERNANDO WOOD,
op new york,
In the House op Representatives,
March 30, lSVl.
The House having under consideration tho bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of tho four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of tho United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. WOOD said:
Mr. Speaker : In rising to discuss this ques-
tion I am quite conscious of the very able and
exhaustive arguments which we have heard
from gentlemen who have spoken in opposition,
and that but little is left to me to say. If I
felt less deeply the nature and character of the
bill, I should certainly not place myself in the
position of attempting to discuss it at all.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair]
who has just closed his remarks has referred
to what he is pleased to call the intemperate
and violent discussion on this side of the
House upon this topic. I can assure him and
assure the House that in my judgment the
epoch is too grave and the subject too import-
ant to be approached in any other temper
than that of the gravest and calmest delibera-
tion. And, sir, in the remarks which I intend
to submit to the consideration of the House
I hope to speak temperately, dispassionately,
and calmly. I would excite no prejudice; I
would assume no position unjustified under
the circumstances. I would not resort to any
evasion or misrepresentation for the purpose
of maintaining an opposition.
Nor, sir, do I believe it necessary. The bill
speaks for itself; and when I contemplate it,
when I reflect upon its provisions, I can
scarcely believe that so radical a revolution
has overcome the institutions of this country
that a committee of this House will formally
and seriously propose legislation of this char-
acter. I can scarcely realize that within the
short period of ten or twelve years political
sentiment -on the other side has become so
radical as to countenance a serious proposi*
tion in the House of Representatives to create
a military despotism on the ruins of a republic.
I can scarcely realize that measures which have
heretofore been attempted in defiance of the
Constitution, without seeking for a defense in
that instrument, are now put forward in the
form of legislative enactment, to be incorpor-
ated into the laws of the country so far as
Congress may have power to perpetrate such
an outrage.
Sir, I do not characterize this bill too
strongly. It is short; but each section is
directly to the point. The gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] in comparing it with
that presented to the last House trom the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] said that
it was not as infamous as that bill. To some
extent I agree with my friend from Kentucky;
but it does, nevertheless, contain the very es-
sence of despotism, the very concentration of
imperial, irresponsible power to be placed iu
the hands of one man, to create here at the
capital of our country a military chieftain who,
at his own will, can call out troops, declare
martial law, suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
and upon a suspected combination of " two or
more persons" declare to be in a state of
rebellion any State, county, city, or village,
or in fact the whole United States ; declaring
what constitutes rebellion in contravention of
the provisions of the fundamental organic
law. Upon this mere declaration the Presi-
dent, at his own option, is endowed by this
bill not only with supreme imperial power,
but police authority over municipalities with
regard to offenses against the person and prop-
erty of individuals, with regard to the political
opinions of citizens of the United States. He
is authorized to hold in his entire and abso-
lute control all the varied interests of all the
people of the United States.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker—
Mr. WOOD. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
set out by saying, what was doubtless said with
the utmost sincerity andfrankness, that he did
not mean to misrepresent or misstate the pro-
visions in this bill. I think he has inadvert-
ently fallen into an error of fact. I only rise
to call his attention to that, and then hear him
frankly as to whether he is not making an
accusation to which the bill is not amenable.
I understand him to say the bill provides
that combinations of two or more (he used
those words) persons shall be deemed to be a
rebellion. The place where the words " two
or more" occur is in the second section; but
in the fourth section, where rebellion is defined,
it is not of that kind, and I beg his attention
to what the provisions there are, and theu to
ask him, in the light of those provisions, to tell
the House and the country, with that ability
for which he is distinguished, whether the
definition of rebellion in the fourth section
fails to conform to the language in the case
ex parte Milligan, to be found in 8 Wallace's
Reports?
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I admire the
ingenuity of the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio. He is distinguished for his legal learn-
ing and his constant ability "to make the worse
appear the better reason;" but to a layman
not versed in law to the extent of the gentle-
man from Ohio—and remember, sir, this power
is to be placed in the hands of a layman, the
present President—it does appear that the
second section, which declares that two or
more persons shall constitute what is called
in the third section "an unlawful combina-
tion," and accordingto the fourth section that
unlawful combination, authorizesthePresident
of the United States, when in his judgment it
shall be required, to suspend the privileges of
habeas corpus and to declare and enforce mar-
tial law, subject to the Rules and Arti6l6S bf
