314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28
unanimously reported against. The subject
can be brought before the Senate, I suppose,
just as well, if the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio is adopted, on a minority report as
on a majority report.
■Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Chair whether
that is so; whether a minority can ever report
except by courtesy, except by unanimous con-
sent?
Mr. THURMAN. No matter what the
report is, it will be before the Senate for con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A minority of
a committee cannot make a report. The Chair
doubts whether such a report could be received
except by unanimous consent, and then it
would be a violation of parliamentary law. A
majority of a committee report, and the views
of the minority are entertained only as a
courtesy. The Chair does not now remember
of a minority ever reporting a bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Without entering into
the subject of the rights of the majority and
minority of a committee, the point is this: if
there is a reference to a committee, and the
committee act, we have inquiry, we have
debate, we know what their views are, and we
get the benefit of their views and their consid-
eration. That is the objeet of a committee.
Now, here comes an amendmentto the restric-
tive resolution of the Senate to leave it in the
power of the majority to cut off all that. Not
only that, but it leaves it to the majority to say
whether they will alter the rale so as to permit
a bill which conies here from the House to be
sent to a committee, thereto receive a becom-
ing consideration.
The Senator froih Rhode Island said that it is
impossible to pass a bill here without a full and
thorough discussion. He spoke from the nat-
ural tendencies of his own character, from his
native sense of justice, of senatorial propriety,
and of senatorial usage. But, sir, 1 pray that
Senator to tell me what be considers a " full
and thorough discussion" of a bill involving
great constitutional questions. Does he con-
sider it a thorough and full discussion to have
our sessions in the usual manner, during the
ordinary hours of daylight, or the ordinary
hours of the evening, then an adjournment at
a proper hour, and a return here the next day,
when Senators, refreshed by rest, may resume
the discussion, and so on till fair discussion is
exhausted? That is my idea of ''thorough
and full discussion." It is a mockery to give
the honorable title of "thorough and full dis-
cussion" to such discussion as the majority
here have so often forced upon the minority,
even during my short service in the Senate.
Do you^call that "a thorough and a full dis-
cussion" when you refuse all reasonable ad-
journments, when you compel us to stay here,
a mere handful of Senators, one to six of your
number, from eleven o'clock one day until
seven o'clock the next morning, until tired
nature gives up, the weaned spirit faints, and a
broken minority yields at last to yourcoercion ?
Then at length a vote is taken; a vote the
result of which is always the same, with the
majority in this Chamber moving in solid
phalanx; the bill is passed; the bill and the
manner of passing it being alike foreordained.
Is that what you call "thorough and full dis-
cussion ?"
Sir, that is not passing a bill after "full and
thorough discussion." It is passing it prac-
tically under duress. As well say that testi-
mony enforced from wretched witnesses in the
barbarous days of old was free and truthful
testimony as say that such discussion is "full
and thorough discussion." It is a caricature
of thorough and full discussion to apply the
terms to discussion such as I have described
and to the passage of bills in the manner I
have stated.
. _Mr. ANTHONY. My friend from Califor-
nia spoke upon it two hours, and I am sure
that was a thorough discussion on one side ;
nothing more could have been said ; and we
discussed it on our side before the bill came
up, said everything we desired-to say upon it
upon other questions. I do not think any
measure was ever more thoroughly discussed,
torn to pieces, beaten to rags, than all the
principles involved in that bill were.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island to say that on the other
side they discussed the bill before it came up.
Where was that discussion? What kind of
discussion ?
Mr. CONKLING. He said upon other bills.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not so understand
the Senator from Rhode Island. How am I
to understand the Senator ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I had no right to inter-
rupt the Senator, or to take advantage of his
courtesy 
Mr. CASSERLY. On the contrary, 1 ask
the question of the Senator.
Mr. ANTHONY. I said we had discussed
the subject upon other questions, upon other
bills that came up before, and said everything
we desired to say.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think not, sir. The
two enforcement bills, both of which passed
in the same unjustifiable manner, were new
things in this body. Neither the principles
nor the details of them could have been dis-
cussed upon other bills. It is a mistake. The
Senator says I had an opportunity to discuss
a particular bill for two hours. So I had at
two o'clock in the morning, after having been
here from eleven o'clock the day before. Does
the Senator consider that a full opportunity
for discussion where a member of a minority
of eight or ten is obliged, if he is to discuss
a bill at all, to discuss it for two hours at two
o'clock in the morning? The question an-
swers itself. I was here to bear my testimony
for the truth against the enormity of a most
unconstitutional, penal, unheard-of act, and
I was compelled to bear that testimony, if I
bore it at all, under a duress of staying here
from eleven o'clock of one day until seven
o'clock of the next morning, without sleep or
food, until the bill was passed. Senators call
that "thorough and full discussion!"
The Senator from Rhode Island again, speak-
ing from the promptings of his better nature,
and not remembering, perhaps, the facts that
have transpired before as all here, said that
it would be futile and discreditable for any
party to attempt to pass a measure without
thorough and full discussion." I thank the
Senator for his words. The attempt, I agree,
was not creditable. It was not altogether,
futile, because the bill was passed in each case;
the pressure succeeded. Forty or fifty mem-
bers of a body like this can always overpower
eight or ten by a pressure such as I have
described.
But, sir, whether the bills will not in the
end prove futile, whether they will not prove
a mischief to those who invented them, is
another question. I am inclined to think, in
that sense, the Senator from Rhode Island was
right that it was a '1 futile" thing to do.
committer service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California will please suspend. The morning-
hour has expired, and the resolutions of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mf. Sumner] are
before the Senate. Before the Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] proceeds, the Chair
appoints, to fill vacancies on the Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities, and on
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Clayton'.]
employment oi' navy at st. domingo.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the resolutions submitted by Mr. Sumner, re-
garding the employment of the Navy of the
united States on the coast of San Domingo
during the pendency of negotiations for the
acquisition of part of that island.
Mr. HOWE resumed and concluded his
speech begun yesterday. It will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. FRELJNGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I made an effort at the close of the speech of
the Senator from Massachusetts to obtain the
floor, and did not succeed. I am glad it was
so, not only because the occasion has been
better improved by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, but because I feel that I should, under the
warmth and excitement wbicli the denunciation
of my country and of her deliverer created in
my breast, have possibly said some things which
would not have commended themselves to my
cooler judgment. Yesterday, however, I should
have obeyed the command, " Be angry and sin
not;" to-day I shall respect the injunction,
" Let not the sun go down upon your wrath."
I believe I am not one of those who can sleep
and nurse wrath, who can fold it in my arms
and let the sun rise and set upon it, in sickness
and in health, from January to March, each
daygivingitgreater vigor, and drawingfrom my
vocabulary some missile of malign reproach;
and I do not envy the pleasure of one who has
that spirit for his companion.
I said, sir, that I was warm under the denun-
ciation of my country; and has not the nation
been unjustly denounced ? If the statements
of the Senator from Massachusetts be true,
then for months, yes, for more than a year,
this proud nation has been playing the bully
against a feeble neighboring republic which
the world's oppressed race has attempted to
rear in one of the islands of the sea, and that,
too, in a manner that it would have been too
cowardly to manifest toward England or
Prance, and in violation of the laws of justice
and humanity. If the Senator be correct, then
the President, his Cabinet, the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the Senate are all guilty, and
the Senator from Massachusetts stands in peer-
less purity amid a bankruptcy of patriotism
and of love for national honor 1
I said the Senator had denounced the de-
liverer of my country, and has he not? Where
is the warm-hearted lover of his country who
does not feel that General Grant, as the instru-
ment of God, brought us deliverence? He
saved my hearth-stone from desolation, he has
perpetuated to my children an inheritance more
precious than any that I hope to leave them.
From the inmost recesses of an honest heart
I am grateful to him and honor him. iTes,
and in thousands and tens of thousands of
homes at the North and West and East,
where the father still grieves that his son has
gone from him forever, where the young wife
still wears the weeds of sorrow, where the
mother hears in the sighing of the trees the
death-cry of her boy this reverence and love
for the name of the nation's deliver is a living
passion. He brought victory to our arms
where many others had failed. In Virginia we
saw him manifest an appreciation of the value
of this Republic to us, to our posterity, and
to the world, that few others possessed. He
saw regiment after regiment swept away ; he
saw patriot blood flow in rivulets at his feet.
One having less appreciation of the value of the
stake would have faltered, would have hesitated,
would have said: "In the sight of Heaven
I dare not go further." But he, appreciating
the value of that for which he contended, gave
the command "March on ; I take the respons-
ibilit3r;" and there manifested a greatness in
comparison with which that patriotism and
philanthropy which begin and end in souud
and noise and rhetoric are puerile and con-
temptible.
And, Mr. President, when the war was over
the Republicans found themselves disappointed
in their leader, and for four years it was to
General Grant that millions looked, and not
in vain, for security to their dear and blood-
bought rights. Look over your statute-books,
and yon will find that every matter of discre-
tion, the entire execution of the reconstruction
