18TL]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
42d Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organizations—Mr. Wood.
Ho. of Eeps.
close of the rebellion, the South was found
impoverished and prostrate, at the mercy of
the lawless emissaries sent down among that
oeople. The President of the United States,
L. accordance with an act of Congress, estab-
lished five military divisions and placed bis
military officers over them. Finally, the mili-
tary was ostensibly withdrawn, not in fact, and
provisional governors seat. Reconstruction
acts were passed by Congress. The forms of
government of those States were constructed
here. Their constitutions were adopted under
our supervision and dictation. The officers to
execute their laws were chosen for them.
Emigrants from the East and the West were
sent to administer laws made by the power of
the Congress of the United States.
We not only made their laws and their gov-
ernments, but we sent among them strangers,
and to them foreigners, to enforce and execute
those laws. Their Legislatures, their Govern-
ors, their magistrates, their courts, most of
their civil officers of every character and name,
even to their Representatives in this Hall,
were chosen for them in Washington city, not
elected by the people themselves. And to add
to this degradation, the Freedmen's Bureau
agents and officers were sent to plunder and
oppress them. Under the pretense-of caring
for thefreedmensecretcolored political organ-
izations were formed, the negroes excited to
hostility to the whites, pharisaioal and hypo-
critical New Englanders placed over them, and
the grossest crimes committed against the per-
sons and property of the refined, the educated,
and the property interest of that people. This
bureau, which will be infamous in history, was
the chief instrument in the bands of the Repub-
lican party to absorb the political power of
the people and to supply their civil rulers.
Now, sir, how oau a people be justly held
responsible for the condition of things in a
country over which they have had no control?
How can they justly be made amenable for the
non-enforcement ofstatutes when theyhave not
been allowed to select their own agents to exe-
cute them? The property-owning citi2sns of
the country have been disfranchised, while suf
frage has been bestowed upon a class who had
no experience in government and no solid and
substantial interest at stake in the welfare of the
community, a class who were subjected to the
influence of secret emissaries from the East,
who went there to poison their minds against
everybody and everything except the domin-
ancy of the Radical Republican party.
Why, sir, it is adding insult to injury. Ad-
mitting it all to be true, I hold that the people
of the South, as a people, are not responsible
for that condition of things. They did not
make their own governments. They were not
allowed to make their own officials to execute
the laws under which they live. They have
lived under laws which they had no part or
parcel in constructing, and they had no power
to select the agents by which they were to be
executed. It is monstrous to hold them to
responsibility underthese circumstances. You
have never relaxed your hold on them. You
never relinquished the power which, unfortu-
nately for them and unfortunately for the
whole country, you obtained in an unfortunate
hour.
Sir, I have said elsewhere that the Repub-
lican organization was a creature of the South ;
that the attempt at revolt of the South warmed
into existence that political organization, and
by the prosecution of that war, in which the
party absorbed all the political power of the
country, it was enabled to retain its political
ascendency. As we recede from the war, as
the ability is demonstrated on the part of the
people down there to reestablish civil institu-
tions, the organization which was created by
that attempted rsbellion begins to fail.
Sir, if there is any foundation for the alleged
altercations it is because men like the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] would
go among them uttering incendiary speeches and
inflaming and agitating them to a war of races!
I never felt more indignant in ray life, I never
felt more like committing a breach of decorum
or an infraction of the rules of the House than
I did yesterday when I listened to the harangue
of that member. I desire to call the attention
of the House to this remarkable statement:
At the close of his speech of yesterday on this
bill he assumed that the Democratic party,
when it obtained power, would disfranchise the
negro. The Democratic party has no desire
to interfere with these amendments to the
Constitution which give free and equal suf-
frage to all the people of the United States.
The Democratic party would give to the colored
race all the political and civil rights which
they would give to any other class of the peo-
ple ; but we do object that they shall be made
a political engine for the accomplishment of
wicked purposes. We do object that inflam
matory speeches, such as were made yesterday
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, should
be made to them to excite them against the
Democracy and their former masters, so as to
get up in the southern States a war of races
and perpetuate the political dominancy of
the party now in power. That is what we
object to. The day is speedily coming, and I
hope has already come, when the colored race
of the United States will assume their posi-
tion in the country as free and independent
voters ; that they may be allowed to judge of
men and parties and principles for themselves ;
that they may find among their own class able
and patriotic leaders who will say to them "Be
no longer the instruments of demagogues." I
believe that among the colored men are found
those who are patriotic, honest, and rational.
I desire to read an extract which I have
here from the speech of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] Assuming,
falsely, I repeat, that the Democratic party
was in favor of reenslaving that race, he says
of the colored people:
" They know what freedom is, and even the worm
will turn and sting. If we do not interpose to give
them safety, and you have not the generosity to do
it, beware;"—
a threat to the Democracy of the country—
" for a day may come, if millions of people may
be driven to despair, when for every freedman's hut
that is desolated ten biasing mansions may illu-
mine the midnight sky."
Why, Mr. Speaker, let us pause to reflect for
a moment upon the intent and the dam-
nable wickedness, of that threat. When that
language falls upon ignorant ears, when the
untutored but honest and unsophisticated col-
ored man is told by a distinguished member
of Congress that he is to set in a blaze the
mansions of the white man, because the Dem-
ocrats intend to disfranchise him, what may
not be its effect? Sir, I have no words fit to
characterize such language as this, and the
laws of this country have no power to extend
a proper retribution for its utterance.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WOOD. For a moment only.
Mr. KELLEY. I think my remark of yes-
terday has had a good effect. The gentleman
no longer describes, as did his colleague before
him, [Mr. Brooks,] the angle of the negro's
knee and shin and heel, and hold him up to
opprobrium as an inferior being. But I desire
to ask the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] whether he has, as his remarks indi-
cate, turned his back upon the white man's
party, or whether 
Mr. WOOD. Ah! I thank the gentleman
from Pennsylvania for his reply. I thank him
for exhibiting to this House and the country
that even he dare not stand up and justify
and vindicate the damnable utterances I have
quoted.
Mr. KELLEY. I reiterate what I said, and
am willing to do so on every stump from which
I may speak, if necessary.
Mr. WOOD. If this war of races shall com-
mence, if the colored men, under such inflam-
matory appeals as these, shall commence the
fight, then I hope they will select a more val-
iant leader than the man who yesterday uttered
these sentiments, who, in the city of Mobile,
went under a table in a riot.
Mr. KELLEY. There is no foundation for
that story. The wall in front of which I was
speaking was scarred by sixty-seven balls.
Mr. WOOD. I understand the fact to be
that the gentleman crept under a table and
pretended he was dead, and that there was no
riot, but only a common street broil which he
excited 
Mr. KELLEY. The story, let it come from
where it will, is false.
Mr. WOOD. I do not yield further. Tho
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
can fire off these bombastic appeals to an
ignorant class, but he never faces the music
himself. I feel gratified that I yielded to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, to give him an
opportunity to say what he could say to defend
utterances so vile, so atrocious, so damnable
as those uttered by him yesterday.
Mr. KELLEZ. And to signalize the con-
version of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. WOOD. Now let me state to the House
what I conceive to be the objects of this bill.
I can conceive two objects had in view by the
men who have prepared this bill and precipi-
tated it upon the House and upon the country.
The first, as I have already intimated, is, that
it is necessary to resuscitate the corpse of the
Republican party. It is the last desperate effort
of an expiring and ruined political gamester,
of a party which came into existence in conse-
quence of a state of intoxication of the public
mind in a time of war, and which was tolerated
only because that condition of things existed;
and it is necessary, by a reapplication of the
same stimulant, derived from the southern
States and theircondition, to endeavor to avoid
the impending fate which is now coming with
such rapidity upon that party. It is necessary
to place in the hands of the President, after these
reports shall have been spread all overthe land,
and the people of the United States shall have
been made to believe that it is necessary to
pass this bill to suppress a second southern
rebellion—it is necessary, I say, to place in his
hands the power which they know very well
how he will use, a monstrous despotism, to be
used by him under the dictation of a cabal,
which it appears to me he is too willing to
obey.
I can only say, speaking as I do for a mer-
cantile community, the largest in the United
States, that it is the sentiment of my people
that if Congress will stay here it has other
duties to discharge: that it should legislate
for the whole country, for the restoration of
our industries, for the reduction of our taxa-
tion, for tho proper adjustment of our revenue
system, for the reestablishment of a sound
currency, for the development of our com-
merce, our navigation, our mercantile marina;
that Congress should attend to all these great
interests, extending over the whole length and
breadth of the land. And my people wonder,
they are awe-stricken, to see the Congress of
the United States omitting to give their atten-
tion to these subjects, vital to the whole Amer-
ican people, and remaining here frittering away
their time in angry abuse about atrocities in
the South. While they deem them subjects
which should be properly cared for iu a proper,
legitimate, and constitutional manner, by the
