£16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Grande that could be reached. As soon as
Sloat heard that war had commenced between
Mexico and the United States, he with his fleet
took possession of California, first landing at
Monterey; and it was not thirty-six hours after
this when an English fleet came into those
waters and hesitated whether they would per-
mit the land to be taken possesion of by the
United States, and finally concluded that they
would make no opposition.
Again, we obtained possession of Louisiana
in 1808, and of Florida in 1819. During those
years, from 1803 to 1819, there were frequent
occasions when we sent our fleet down to guard
the disputed territory between the Mississippi
and the Perdido-. In the case of Mexico we
have a war growing out of the President's
attending to the interests of the nation without
a declaration of war by Congress, and we have
a case where a fleet is sent by the President to
protect the dignity and watch over the interests
of the country.
If we had a fleet in the China seas, and
England should make war on China, we could
not interfere; but if we entered into negotia-
tions with China for the purchase of Hong
Kong, and an English fleet should come to
interrupt us while we were negotiating and
attempt to take possession of the island, the
Government of the United States would prop-
erly order our fleet to put itself in line between
Hong Kong and the English fleet, and protect
the dignity and interests of the United States
while those negotiations were being constitu-
tionally carried on by the President.
Mr. President, this is a nation; and that it
may have a vigorous life among the nations
of the earth we have an executive who is in-
trusted with all our foreign relations, subject
to the provision that a treaty must be ratified
by the Senate to be valid. The President is
the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and the
Navy, and he is so all the time, that he may
be able to preserve the dignity and interests
of the nation.
I do not pursue the subject further. Re-
flections have been made by the Senator upon
the Secretary of State. He needs no vindica-
tion. As the Governor of New York and as
a Senator of the United States, he is known
to the country. His reputation for integrity,
patriotism, and ability is established. I will
only say that we have, perhaps, never had a
Secretary ot State who was in more perfect
accord with the sentiments of the party that
he represents than Secretary Fish has been
during his whole administration.
The Secretary of the Navy, too, has been
animadverted upon. He is my friend, and
was my associate at the bar. I believe his
intelligence is not questioned, and I can say
of him that he is a gentleman of probity and
warm-hearted patriotism. For no possible
political success would he touch, with sacri-
legious hand, the Constitution of his country.
But, sir, let him speak for himself; and I con-
clude my remarks by sending to the Chair to
be read what I have marked, being a part of
the Secretary's dispatch to Rear Admiral Lee.
That dispatch shows his views oti the question
of constitutional powers and the propriety of
his discharge of his duties as Secretary of the
Navy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the communication will be read.
T„¥r; CONKLING. Why not read it all?
If it is not long, let it all be read.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The principal
part, which I have marked, will be enough. It
is about half a column.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The President of the United States has, by the
Constitution, the right to make treaties, subject to
the ratification of the Senate. The Congress of the
United States in 1866 appropriated a considerable
sum of money for the understood purpose of ac-
quiring by lease or purchase a part of the island of
ban Domingo. The bay and peninsula of Samana
Were considered most appropriate for our purpose
a naval station; and the republic of San Do-
mingo itself, with its favorable position and nat-
ural resources, its friendly Government and people,
seemed for the purposes of commerce and civiliza-
tion far the most desirable for us of those fragments
of our continent which lie across the gateways of
our domestic commerce and shut up the entrance to
our great inland sea. . To initiate all treaties is the
constitutional right of the President, and thus he
had the constitutional power to negotiate treaties
for the cession of Samana and the annexation of
the Dominican republic.
"If, upon proper consideration, he thought it right
and for the interest of the country, whose interests
are to this extent intrusted to his judgment, it was
his constitutional duty to do so. In pursuance of
this constitutional right he did negotiate such trea-
ties with the existing Government of the republic,
confessedly the Government both de facto and de
jure. These treaties were of course inchoate, and sub-
ject to be confirmed or defeated by tho action of the
Senate of the United States and of thepeople of the
Dominican republic; but by such treaties and pend-
ing such final action the United States acquired an
interest in the thing negotiated for, which could not
be rightfully disturbed by any other Power ; and it
was the plain duty of the Executive to protect, if
need be, the integrity of this constitutionally ac-
quired interest, so that the subject of the negotia-
tion might remain intact until the final action of the
ratifying Powers could be properly had.
" This duty is plain, and in every case of valuable
acquisition the execution of it will be expected and
approved by the people. It was in the discharge of
such duty that, in the early part of the present cen-
tury, President Madison marched the armies of the
United States into and actually took and held pos-
session of the territory then known as West Florida,
(including what is now the State of Alabama.) for
which territory negotiations were then pending,
afterward concluded and settled with Spain. This
action was approved by Congress and the people, not
as an exercise of war power, but as the protecting
of an interest constitutionally acquired, and which
the Executive was bound to maintain intact while it
remained with us.
"In the present case the President has hitherto
only pursued in relation to the republic of Sau Do-
mingo this same recognized policy of our Govern-
ment, and under the treaty and by means of the
appropriation by Congress for such purpose we took
possession of the bay and peninsula of Samana. This
possession we still hold, and while our flag flies there
we must protect from every interference the interest
which it represents. In carrying out this recognized
policy the Government of the United States has not
fired a shot nor landed a man in hostile attitude on
the island of San Domingo, and has neither interfered
in the internal conflicts of the Dominican republic
nor coerced any other Power. It has simply an-
nounced to all people generally, and particularly to
such as appeared in a threatening attitude, its de-
termination to protect, until finally disposed of, the
interest it had acquired in that republic from all
attacks from without its boundaries and from the
interference of any foreign Power, so that in the
event of the treaties being ratified there would be
left the thing contracted for with no hostile posses-
sions intervening to destroy our right of preemption.
* To do this is certainly not4 to make war,' or ' to
take part in the conflicts of a country/ nor to co-
erce, nor to attempt to coerce, any Power. It is but
the simple performance of a duty to Congress and to
th,e nation, in the preservation in its existing con-
dition of what we have constitutionally entered into
negotiations, constitutionally to acquire. Under
the orders of the Executive, it is a part of the duty
of those ships of your fleet which are at any time
cruising in the waters of San Domingo to maintain#
this status against every Power; and while we would
not yield the right to interfere with it to the most
powerful Government, we cannot concede that right
even to the weakest."
Mr. SCHURZ addressed the Senate. [See
Appendix.] At four o'clock and twenty-five
minutes p. mM not having concluded,
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator give-way
now and go on to-morrow?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business
Mr. STEWART. I hope not. I call for
the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. If there is any question
about it, I shall not press the motion.
Mr. SCHURZ. I yield only for the purpose
of the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts being made ; and I would say that owing
to the interruptions I have consumed more
time than I intended.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator invited the
interruptions all the time.
Mr. SCtlURZ. I do not find any fault with
the Senator from Indiana, for I myself some-
times take the liberty of interrupting others,
although I was repelled yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. I did not invite interrup-
tion yesterday. The Senator invited it to-
day.
Mr. SCHURZ, Perhaps the Senator has
transgressed the invitation to-day a little, but
still I do not find any fault.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggested this motion
because I supposed it would be an accommo-
dation to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I want to hear the Senator
from Missouri further to-night.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was going to say that
owing to the interruptions I have already
spoken longer than I intended, and as 1 have
traced out my remarks beforehand somewhat,
I think I shall still speak an hour and a half.
If, however, it is the pleasure of the Senate
that I shall go on, I have no objection to
going on to-night.
Mr. MORTON. I would rather you should
go on to-night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand from the
Senator from Missouri that he prefers not to
go on now. Under these circumstances, as he
has a considerable amount of matter before
him, and will evidently speak for some time, I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. STEWART. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be no
objection to this. It is a courtesy due to the
Senator from Missouri.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business. On this motion the Sen-
ator from Nevada demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
eight Senators seconding the call.
The motion of Mr. Xkumboll was agreed to.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Sir. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 27th
instant approved and signed an act (S. No.
202) authorizing the President to nominate R.
H. Lamson a lieutenant in the United States
Navy. 4
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After twenty minutes
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened, and (at fpur o'clock and fifty-minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 28, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REPRESENTATION OF MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. POLAND presented the memorial of
Archie C. Pisk, claiming that he was elected
a member of the Forty-Second Congress from
the fourth district of Mississippi, and protest-
ing against the right of all the sitting mem-
bers from that State; which was referred to
the Committee of Elections, and ordered to be
printed.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF SHIP-BUILDING.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consentf in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 319) to encourage
the owning and building of ships in the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed. "
BRIDGE OVER MISSOURI RIVER.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I ask unani?
mous consent to introduce a bill authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at or near St. Joseph, Missouri, for
consideration at this time.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I demand the
regular order of business.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I desire to
state why I desire the passage of this bill at
this time.
