mi.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Perry.
Ho. op Reps.
of patience in view of crimes elsewhere too
patiently treated. If, on the other hand, we
have'power to deal with these outrages and
provide adequate punishment, it is our imper-
ative duty to exercise that power.
At the threshold of the inquiry we are met
by a denial of the constitutional power of Con-
gress to provide a remedy. The first question,
therefore, is the question of power. Before
proceeding, however, to the consideration of
that question I wish to refer briefly to the sub-
stantive provisions of the bill, which are com-
prised in four sections. The first section pro-
vides redress by civil action in tho Federal
courts for a deprivation of any rights, privi-
leges, and immunities secured by the Consti-
tution of the United States; the injury being
done under color of State authority. The sec-
ond section prescribes criminal punishment
in Federal courts for any violation of " the
rights, privileges, and immunities of any per-
son to which he is entitled under the Consti-
tution and laws of tho United States;" the
violation being committed in pursuance of a
conspiracy or unlawful combination. Neither
of these sections increases the power which
the President now has under the Constitution
and laws.
The third section provides for cases occur-
ring under the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, "wher  insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies
in any State shall so far obstruct or hinder the
execution of the laws thereof as to deprive any
portion or class of the people of such State
of any of the rights, privileges, or immunities
named in and secured by this act."
It further provides that a failure by the State
authorities to afford protection to the people in
such rights or to apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf " shall be
deemed a denial by such State of the equal pro-
tection of the laws to which they are entitled
under the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States."
It further provides that the President shall
take such measures as he may deem necessary,
by the employment of the militia or the land
and naval forces of the United States, to sup-
press such insurrection, domestic violence, &c.
In the fourth section it is declared that when
the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section are so powerful as to overthrow
and set at defiance the constituted authorities
of the State, or when the constituted author-
ities connive at such combinations and the
conviction of the offenders and the preserva-
tion of the public safety are for those reasons
impracticable, such combinations shall be
deemed a rebellion against the Government
of the United States; and it provides that in
such case—
It shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, when in his judgment the public safety shall
require it, to suspend the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus, and to declare and enforce, subject to
the Rules and Articles of War and other laws of the
United States now in force applicable in case of
rebellion, martial law, to the end that such rebellion
may be overthrown: Provided, That the XJresident
shall first have made proclamation, as now provided
by law, commanding such Insurgents to disperse:
And provided also. That the provisions of this sec-
tion shall not be in force after the 1st day of June,
a. d. 1872.
This fourth section is, in my judgment, capa-
ble of being improved by amendment; and
when the proper time shall arrive, 1 shall pro-
pose, and I hope the committee may approve
and the House adopt, some amendments in the
phraseology of the section. For instance, it
makes use of the phrase " martial law." The
bill would, in my judgment, be every way
equally effective, and it would give the Presi-
dent the same powers, without this language as
with it. If this phraseology should be stricken
from the bill it would deprive its enemies of
many means of misconstruction, and would
leave the bill substantially what it is with that
phrase in it. Martial law, as I understand it,
is simply the rules of the law of nations applied
to a state of war where war exists. Martial
law thus interpreted (and this is the only cor-
rect interpretation) is applied in the inter-
ests of mercy, and mitigates the cruelties of
war. Congress cannot extend it where there
is no war, nor can the President and Congress
together. If war exists in the suppression of
a rebellion, and if Congress does not expressly
withhold the power of exercising martial law,
martial law will exist. It needs not to be de-
clared, for a state of war at any and all times
brings into operation the rules of the law
of nations applicable to mitigate its horrors.
That is the whole meaning of the phrase "mar-
tial law." Yet the phrase has been so often
misapplied, and has become so extensively,
off the bench and on it, a theme for cheap and
confused rhetoric, that it carries to many minds
no idea save that of irresponsible and wanton
power.
I invite the attention of the House in the
first place to this feature of the bill. All the
injuries, denials, and privations which author-
ize any of those steps are injuries, denials,
and privations of rights and immunities under
the Constitution and laws of the United States.
They are not injuries inflicted by mere individ-
uals or upon ordinary rights of individuals.
The constitutional questions are two. They
are inflicted under color of State authority or
by conspiracies and unlawful combinations
with at least the tacit acquiescence of the State
authorities.
1. Whether or not Congress may provide
for redress in the Federal courts for infringe-
ments or deprivation of rights under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States.
2. Whether or not the President can be au-
thorized by an act of Congress to put dowm
unlawful combinations against the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States without an
invitation from the Governor or Legislature
of the State where the wrong is done.
It was claimed by the honorable gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that these rights are
not rights under the Constitution and laws of
the United States. It is proper to note that
if he is correct, and the rights intended to be
protected under this act are not legitimately
rights under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, the act does not reach them.
They are not specifically named or otherwise
described than as rights, &c., under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. If the
honorablegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
was correct in his view of these rights, the act
will be both useless and harmless. But his argu-
ment in that direction had no tendency to show
the act to be unconstitutional.
I now come to the question of constitution-
ality :
1. Whether or not Congress may provide for
redress in the Federal courts for infringements
or deprivation of rights under the Constitution
and laws of the United States.
The answer is very distinct in the Constitu-
tion itself. The second section of article three
of the Constitution provides that—
"The judicial power shall extend to all cases, ifi law
and equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws
of the United States, and treaties made or which
shall be made under their authority."
It also extends to the criminal jurisdiction ;
for the last part of that section provides that—
" The trial of all crimes, except in casesof impeach-
ment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held
in the State where the said crimes shall have been
committed: but when not committed within any
State, tlie trial shall be at such place or places as [
the Congress may by law have directed." |
It is clear that rights, privileges, andimmun- j
ities under the Constitution and laws of the ,
United States are proper subjects for the juris- I
diction of the Federal courts. It appears to j
me so clear that I must ask pardon for having |
argued it, and it almost seems that gentlemen
on the other side of the House could not have
intended to question it, but that they must
have been misunderstood.
The next question of constitutional law is the
second in order, namely, whether or not the
President can be authorized by an act of Con-
gress to put down unlawful combinations against
the Constitution and laws of the United States
without an invitation from the Legislature or
Governor of the State where the wrong is done.
Article five, section four, of the Constitution
provides that the United States—
"Shall guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government, and shall protect
each of them against invasion, and on application
of the Legislature, or of the Executive, (when the
Legislature cannot be convened,) against domestic
violence."
The phraseology of this section is construed,
by the arguments against this bill, to mean that
the Congress of the United States cannot do
anything to suppress domestic violence unless
invited thereto in the manner stated. I have
observed that such is not the language of that
section, and such is not the construction the
courts put upon it. The language is, that wlien
applied to in that way they shall assist. It
does not expressly forbid assistance when not
applied for in that way. InLutherss. Borden
(7 Howard, pp. 42, 43) this subject is alluded
to by the court in giving its opinion. The
Chief Justice there said:
"So, too, as relates to the clause providing for cases
of domestic violence. It rested with CoDgress, too,
to determine upon the means proper to be adopted
to fulfill this guarantee. They might, if they had
deemed it most advisable to do so, have placed it in
the power of a court to decide when the contingency
had happened which required the Federal Govern-
ment to interfere."
If this construction is admissible it makes
an end of that question; and assuredly there
is nothing in the language of that section to
discredit the language used by the Chief Jus-
tice in regard to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will my col-
league allow me to ask him a question about
that passage from Luther vs. Borden? Is not
his quotation from the decision of the Supreme
Court in relation to the republican guarantee ?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Not at all. You
will find, I think, that the Chief Justice spe-
cifically and unmistakably refers to this clause.
The passage quoted refers specially to the
clause " providing for cases of domestic vio-
lence." There seems to be no room for mis-
take. This question is involved both in tho
provisions of the third and fourth sections of
the bill. The intervention provided for in
these two sections differs chiefly in degree,
rather than in kind.
The fourth section provides for a suspen-
sion of habeas corpus, but only in cases clearly
within constitutional limits. It also provides
for martial law; but the third section provides
for military force, which always implies mar-
tial law when applied on a scale properly
described as war. No additional or different
constitutional question is raised by these fea-
tures of the bill. It results that the only ques-
tion of constitutional law involved in these two
sections is the same in both sections. This
question has^ been stated. There can be no
doubt but tfie President might interpose on
application of the Legislature, or, in its ab-
sence, on application of the Governor. Can
he interpose without such invitation?
The domestic violence here provided for is
obviously violence of a nature hostile to the
State government. But if the violence be
unlawful, and not hostile to the State govern-
ment; if the State authorities be in compli-
city with it; if it be directed against, rights
secured by the Constitution and laws of the
United States, it is, of course, not merely
domestic to the State, but hostile to the power
of the Federal Government, and in the nature
of insurrection or rebellion. It comes under
