80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Perry.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
a different head of the Constitution. It is not
a controversy between a State and its citizens,
but between the Federal Government and its
citizens. It is covered by the powers given to
Congress to raise and support armies, provide
and maintain a navy, to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sions. (Art. 1, sec. 8.)
The provisions of this bill ate of the
same general nature with the acts of Congress
directed to the suppression of the late rebel-
lion.
Neither the Legislatures nor the Governors
of the seceding States would invite the Presi-
dent to suppress violence in the respective
States, because they were in open complicity
with it. If intervention depended on their
consent nothing could have been done. If
the complicity of the State authorities had
been merely negative and silent, it would have
been in legal effect the same. No argument
can be necessary at this late day to justify
Congress in taking action to suppress the
late rebellion. But the power exercised in
suppressing the late rebellion is the same in
kind, and depending on the same constitu-
tional principles with the power proposed in
the third and fourth sections of the present
bill. The constitutional objections raised to
the bill are therefore unsound.
I have time to make one further step in the
argument. The thirteenth amendment to the
Constitution reads as follows:
"Article XIII.
"Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary ser-
vitude, except as a punishment tor erimo whereof
the parly shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within the Dnitcd States, or any place subjeot to
their jurisdietion.
" Sec. U. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation."
It may be that it would be true, as argued
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
that God had given the negroes their right to
liberty before. It may be that by the results
of the war they had been in fact emancipated.
But their rights were not secured by any legal
or constitutional provision. And in that sense
this article of the Constitution conferred upon
that large class of citizens the right of being
free. It authorizes Congress to enforce that
amendment. In that sense it was a right con-
ferred by the Constitution. It was followed
by the fourteenth constitutional amendment,
in this language:
"Ail persons born or naturalized in the United
States and tmhject to the jurisdiction tborcof are cit-
izens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside."
This is going one step further with those
emancipated classes who have been so deeply
wronged. The thirteenth amendment endowed
them with personal liberty. The fourteenth
amendment bestowed upon them the legal
rights of citizenship of the States and of the
United States. It provided also that Congress
should have power to enforce that provision.
This is a positive and substantive declaration
and bestowal of'constitutional right. The first
section of the fourteenth amendmentproceeds :
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities ofciHaens
of Ihe United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without duo
process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
Then comes the fifteenth amendment:
" The rights of the citizens of the United States to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
Slates or by auy State on account of race, color, or
previous condition of ser/itude. And the Congress
shall have power to enforce this article by appro-
priate legislation."
-But it is supposed that while the fourteenth
amendment clearly grants certain rights, it
does not forbid infringements upon them,
except infringements by States. It is argued
that if infringements can be made by ouiers
than the State, and if the State merely per-
mits but without giving active help in depriv-
ing of rights, Congress can do nothing. This
argument defeats itself. If the State is sim-
ply forbidden to do anything, and Congress
is required to enforce the provision, then, of
course, the action of Congress is legitimate.
The States, however, are not only forbidden
to abridge or deprive of those rightg by hostile
action, but with equal clearness are forbidden
to "deny to any person the equal protection
of the laws." What is it to deny? The word
"refuse" is stronger and more positive than
the word " deny." Bouvier's Law Dictionary
In some eases a neglect to perform a duty which
the party is required by law or his agreement to do
will amount to a refusal."
This, indeed, is the common legal significa-
tion. In legal proceedings inattention and
neglect of duty is generally or at least often
treated as a refusal. Instances will readily
occur to every gentleman. An application is
made for the writ of habeas corpus. In a
proper case for such a writ a judge commits a
grave offense by refusing to grant it. Suppose
he hears the application, but instead of grant-
ing or refusing the writ remains silent. To
every appeal he responds with decent gravity
of personal bearing, but neither opens bis
mouth nor does anything. Undoubtedly, that
is a refusal,
"To deny," says Worcester's Dictionary,
means, among other meanings, "to refuse to
grant; to withhold." Webster says, " Not to
afford; to withhold."
When a State is forbidden to " deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws" the command is that no
State shall fail to afford or withhold the equal
protection of the laws. Butitsays"no State."
What is a State? It has different meanings.
The primary meaning is the people, (Texas
vs. White, 7 Wallace, 720 to 721.) The de-
cision in that case discusses the legal and con-
stitutional meaning of the word "State." I
ask attention to the following extracts :
" Some not unimportant aid, however, in ascer-
taining the true sense of the Constitution may bo
derived from considering what is the correct idea
of a State apart from any union or confederation
with other States. The poverty of language often
oompels the employment of terms in quite different
significations; and of this hardly any example more
signal is to be found than in the use of the word we
are now considering. It would serve no useful
purpose to attempt an enumeration of all the vari-
ous senses in which it is used. A few only need be
noticed.
" It describes sometimes a people or community of
individuals united more or less closely in political
relations, inhabiting temporarily or permanently
the same country; often ic denotes only the coun-
try or territorial region inhabited by such a com-
munity; not unfrequently it is applied to the Gov-
ernment under which the people live; at other times
it represents the combined idea of people, territory,
and government.
" It is not diilicu It to see tb at in all these senses the
primary conception is that of a people or community.
The peoplo, in whatever territory dwelling, either
temporarily or permanently, and whether organized
under a regular government or united by looser and
less definite relations, constitute the State.
" And there are instances in which the principal
sense of the word seems to be that primary one to
which we have adverted, of a people or political
community, as distinguished from a Government.
"In this latter sense the word seems to be used
in the clause which provides that the United States
shall guaranty to every State in the Union a repub-
lican form of government, and shall protect each of
them against invasion.
'' In this clause a plain distinction is ma.de between
a State and the government of a State."
It means, then, that the people of a State,
with more or less definite political and govern-
mental relations, shall neither abridge nor
permit to be abridged those rights, deny nor
fail to afford the equal protection of the laws
to any persons. On any construction these
privileges and immunities are given by the
Constitution and placed under the guardian
care of Congress. To large masses of the peo-
ple of those States these rights were given as
legal rights for the first time.
In the Constitution as it stood before these
amendments the option was left to the States
to give or withhold these rights. It was found
by time and trial that liberty would not be safe
anywhere in the Union, to any persons or races,
until equally secured and guarantied to all.
Among nations peace cannot be secure, nor
justice for any nation, unless under the guar-
antees of a code of public law, which, in giv-
ing peace and justice to the strongest, gives it
also to the weakest. The fundamental idea
of the law of nations, on which all the rest is
built, is that all nations are equal before the
law. But how came it in the law of nations?
It is an inference from the natural rights of
men. Because on principles of natural jus-
tice all men are equal in their rights, the same
rule was held to be applicable to nations. Our
Declaration of Independence placed American
institutions broadly on the same foundations
and maxims, which give vitality to the law of
nations and contribute to the peace of the
world. All our civil foundations were laid in
harmony with these general ideas.
But exceptions were allowed, and these ex-
ceptions were left to the discretion of States
in the Union. These exceptions bred discord.
At last, as the result of a mighty conflict,
their discretion is taken from the States, and
the "equal protection of the laws" everywhere
is guarantied by the benignant power of the
whole Union—E pluribus uiiutn. The flag
which floats from the dome of this Capitol floats
also from the State capitals. It means, not
only power, but justice. Whether seen in one
State or another, in peace or in war, it means
justice. It means for all " the equal protec-
tion of the laws." The eagle pictured upon
it is not there as a bird of prey. The thunder-
bolts in his clutches are held with firm grasp.
He is there as an emblem of supernal power,
ready to let fall his blazing bolts whenever and
wherever, from sea to sea and throughout our
whole twenty degrees of latitude, such power
shall be needed to enforce the equal protection
of the laws.
The first two sections of this bill relate to
proceedings in court, and do not in any way
impose new duties on the President.
The third, in a contingency named, author-
izes the use of military power to aid the civil
officers.
The fourth, in contingencies named, author-
izes the President to apply force to suppress
those outrages by steps in accordance with
laws already in existence.
The only new thing is a new condition of
affairs, to which old rules are made applicable.
So far as Executive power is concerned it is
only to be used in the cases mentioned:
1. When unlawful combinations and .con-
spiracies obstruct the course of justice, and
State authorities are unable or unwilling to
protect the people in rights secured by the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
2. Where such unlawful combinations and
conspiracies overthrow, or combine with the
State authorities to abridge and deny, rights
under the Constitution of the United States
in such way that the administration of'justice
and the preservation of public safety can in no
other manner be secured, then the President
is to recognize the fact of rebellion and crush
it.^ These are the only contingencies for exec-
utive interference mentioned in the bill. Such
power may be abused and may be dangerous.
From one source or another liberty and jus-
tice have never been free from danger. But
there can be no liberty or justice without law,
and law cannot be enforced without power.
It is argued, however, that the President
will interfere in other cases under false pretexts.
If he should, it will not be the fault of the
bill. The bill does not authorize interference
in other cases ; and even in the cases provided,
interference cannot happen if the Ku KluX
