1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
zm
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I doubt whether the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
can do it himself.
Mr. McNEELY. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If it is a mere
suggestion I yield.
Mr. MeNEELY. While thjs matter is being
discussed and while the appropriation bill is
being debated, I think a committee can be ap-
pointed by the Speaker to report to the House
on a bill apportioning representation in the
Congress among the several States. The
Legislature of the State of Illinois is now in
session, and if this bill is not passed at this
session that Legislature will have to be called
together next year at an expense of hundreds
of thousands of dollars, when this matter should
be attended to now and can be while these
other questions are being discussed. If this
House had remained in se-ssion longer and not
adjourned yesterday before the call of the
States had been concluded, I intended to offer
a resolution calling upon the Speaker to ap-
point such a committee. There is a bill now
011 the Speaker's table to be acted on 
Mr. SHELLABARGER. A word in refer-
ence to the last proposition suggested by gen-
tlemen upon the other side.
The SPEAKER. There is no such bill upon
the Speaker's table,
Mr. McNEELY. I understood that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] intro-
duced a bill which was matured by his com-
mittee during the last session, and which that
c-ommittee, as I understand, would report when
it was appointed. This is what I meant when
I said there was such a bill pending before
the House.
The SPEAKER. But that bill is not on
the Speaker's table. It may have been intro-
duced to be referred to the committee when
appointed.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. As I understand
the last proposition by gentlemen on the other
side of the House, it is that a day be named
prior to which no vote shall be taken on this bill
butduring which time it shall be open to general
debate, unless hereafter it may be the pleasure
of the House to change that order. The day
named was Monday next. Also it was sug-
gested that there should be no extension of the
time allotted to each member, and further
that the time should be eqally divided between
the two sides of the House. To that proposi-
tion* so far as I am concerned, I agree, and so
far as I hear the responses around me there is
a general assent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That involves the
putting aside of all other business, and I do
not give my assent to it.
The SPEAKER. The setting aside of other
business is not a matter of unanimous consent.
This is before the House, and it will require a
majority vote to set it aside. This bill is the
pending subject before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not think, then,
that gentlemen require any unanimous consent,
and we had better go on and discuss the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will tell
the gentleman from Ohio, that so far as we are
concerned we have demonstrated to him this
morning that we do not mean to use parlia-
mentary rules to obstruct any legislation. We
could have done it, but we did not do it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is apparent that ou this
side of the House there is no disposition to
cut off debate. That has been assented to by
everybody. On the other side of the House
there is no disposition to prolong the session
longer than to allow proper debate. That is
the expressed feeling of both sides of the
House. Now, can we make any better bargain
or have any better agreement than to allow
the bill to be proceeded with under the rules
of the House ? It seems to me that the gen-
tleman having charge of the bill had better
allow the debate to proceed in accordance with
the expressed feelings of both sides of the
House, under the_ rules, without demanding
the previous question until after proper debate
has been allowed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scofield] meets with the approbation of this
side of the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no disposition
to obstruct the action on this bill after proper
debate. TherulesoftheHousearegoodenough
for the management of our actiop on this bill,
and I hope that the debate will now be allowed
to proceed under those rules until we reach
the time when it may be considered proper to
take the vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have heard the views
of several gentlemen near me who think the
rules of the House better than any bargain
which can be made at this time. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] can let
the debate proceed, and whenever it shall seem
to have been exhausted then he can exercise
his discretion under the rule of calling the
previous question. The rules themselves are
our best guide, our best protection, and we
should be satisfied with the rules, and I think
we, the minority, are satisfied.
Mr. LAM1S0N. Will the chairman of the
committee allow me a few moments?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I think we had
better terminate this preliminary discussion.
Mr. LAMISON. I offered a resolution the
other day calling for information on this sub-
ject, which my colleague [Mr. Shellabarger]
then said was a good one, and that he would
be pleased to vote for it at the proper time. I
ask unanimous consent to introduce it now.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I cannot yield
for that.
The'SPEAKER. The Chair would make one
suggestion, that during the pendency of the
debate on this bill it be understood that it
cannot be interrupted by demands for unani-
mous consent. If such be the wish of the
House, the Chair will announce each morning
as soon as the Journal is read that the regular
order of business is the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. KERR. I hope that will be done.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It does not seem to me
that there is any necessity for such an agree-
ment. If unanimous consent is asked at any
time any member of the House has it in his
power to make objections. Some gentleman
may address the House, and after he has
occupied his hour may desire a little time
longer in order to make the suggestion he may
be addressing to the House full and complete.
I think under such circumstances he ought not
to be debarred from obtaining unanimous con-
sent to finish his speech ; and we are certainly
safe with the privilege in the reach of every
member of the House of objecting if he seesfit.
Mr. BECK. I cannot agree with my friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.] I think it
desirable that no gentleman should be allowed
to occupy more than an hour. But it is a very
ungracious thing to stop a gentleman at the end
of his hour if he desires to go on, and it would
be well to adopt the suggestion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Cliair merely made
the suggestion to relieve members from the
disagreeable duty of objecting. If it shall be
understood that nothing else is to be enter-
tained, no gentleman would feel called upon
to put himself in the attitude of an objector,
which frequently is not an agreeable one.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the suggestion will
be adopted. It will be a great relief to some
of us, I am sure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope it will not be
adopted. When every gentleman in the House
has the power of preventing an extension of
time by a single objection, I think that is all
that is necessary.
Mr. YAN TRUMP. I hope the suggestion
will be adopted. It is often a very delicate
thing for a gentleman to object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is not so much
delicacy in this House as the gentleman would
make us believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] demands the floor. Does
he propose now to address the House?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair can only
consider his hour as now beginning. His hour
begins at seven minutes of one o'clock.
Mr. -SHELLABARGER and Mr. KERR
addressed the House. [Their speeches will be
printed in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I would suggest
that as the bill has only been read for the first
time in the House to-day, and as gentlemen
who may desire to discuss it have not had full
time for preparation, we might as well adjourn
unless some gentleman is prepared to speak.
Mr, DAWES. I am ready to proceed with
the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. WOOD. We had better go on with this
debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
any gentleman who desires to continue the
debate. Does the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] desire the floor?
Mr. WOOD. Not at present. The gelftle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Whitthorne,] and
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] who,
on this side of the House are members of the
committee reporting the bill, have precedence
of me.
Mr. MORGAN. So far as. I am concerned
I would prefer going on to-morrow.
Mr. WOOD. I would suggest whether the
other side of the House does not lose the right
to make one speech in case they do not avail
themselves of the opportunity which now
offers. We are ready to go on until five o'clock.
With the understanding that we on this side
take the floor in the morning, I am prepared
to move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent to
submit a bill for the removal of disabilities.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] desires, if the debate
does not proceed during the remainder of the
afternoon on the pending bill, that the defi-
ciency bill be taken up.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I object.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If no one wishes further
to debate the pending bill, we might now vote
on it.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] is ready
to speak on the pending bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, the mod-
eration and forbearance of the American peo-
ple upon the final subjugation of the rebellion
are without a parallel in the history of the
world. The lives of the insurgents were spared
and their property was restored. If this mag-
nanimity of a generous conqueror was an error,
as subsequent events seem to indicate, we
ought at least to take care that there shall be no
future exemption from punishment for crimes
against the peace and safety of the nation.
It has been the earnest hope of the Repub-
lican party and of all good men everywhere
that the spirit of violence and outrage had
passed away in the South and that a better
order of things would be established. -With
this view the State governments have been
reorganized and put in operation and all local
power freely placed in the hands of the people.
The right of suffrage has been generously
extended to all classes of men, subject only
to the provision that the disloyal white man
should never disfranchise the loyal black man.
The broadest political privileges have been
granted, with the single restriction, provided in
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,
that those who added perjury to the crime of
