320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
treason should be prohibited from again hold-
ing office under the Government; and even
this disability has been removed by Congress
whenever it has been asked for in good faith.
Under these circumstances we have a right
to expect and demand at least a quiet sub-
mission to just and wholesome laws from our
iate enemies. Unfortunately, however, our rea-
sonable expectations have not been realized.
There exists atthia time in the southern States
a treasonable conspiracy against the lives, per-
sons, and property of Union citizens, less form-
idable it may be, but not less dangerous, to
American liberty than that which inaugurated
the horrors of the rebellion. The existence
of this organization and its treasonable char-
acter are proved by the sworn testimony of an
array of witnesses from all parts of the South,
■which must carry conviction to the minds of
the most skeptical.
The evidence taken before the Senate com-
mittee in relation to the outrages, lawlessness,
and violence in North Carolina establishes the
following propositions:
1. That the Ku Klux organization exists
throughout the State, has a political purpose,
an* is composed of the members of the Dem-
ocratic or Conservative party.
2. That this organization has sought to carry
out its purposes by murders, whippings, intim-
idation, and violence against its opponents.
3. That it not only binds its members to
execute decrees of crime, but protects them
against conviction and punishment, first by
disguises and secrecy, and second, by perjury,
if necessary, upon the witness-stand and in the
jury-box.
4. That of all the offenders in this order,
which has established a reign of terrorism
and bloodshed throughout the State not one
has yet been convicted.
James E. Boyd, a witness before this com-
mittee, against whom nothing can be alleged
except that he was a confederate soldier, a
supporter of Seymour and Blair in 1868, and
initiated into the Ku Klux Klan as an auxiliary
of ihe Democratic party, testifies, in answer
to a question as to the designs and regulations
of that order, as follows:
The meetings were to bo held in secret places—in
the woods, or some other place distant from any
habitation, m order to avoid .detection. The dis-
guise pre<cribed was a long white town, and a mask
lor the lace. No applicant could be admitted as a
membei of the organization until his name had first
been submitted to a regular camp. A oounty was
divided into a certain number of districts, and each
district composed a camp, which was under the com-
mand of a captain. The whole county constituted a
Klan, under thecommand of achief. No person could
be initiated as the member of any camp until hisname
had been submitted to the camp and his application
unanimously agreed toby the members of the camp,
ihe manner of making raids was prescribed by the
regu lations. No raid was to be made, no person pun-
ished, no execution done, unless it had first been
unanimously agreed upon at a regular meeting of a
camp of tile klan and duly approved by the officers
and the chief of the klan. The sign of recognition
ot the White Brotherhood was by sliding the right
nana down along the opposite lappel of the coat,
if the party fo whom the sign was made was a mem-
ber of the organization lie returned it by sliding the
left hand in tile same manner down along the oppo-
?4e Vj t'le coat. The word of distress was
fohuoh, There was a sign of distress to be made
when a brother was in distress and wanted assist-
ance. I do not remember the sign; it was some sign
muue by the hand. But if the person was so situated
tnatthe sign made by the hand could not be seen,
then the word Shjloh ' was used to denote distress.
Question. Upon the oath administered, the mode
oi procedure prescribed, and the government of the
organization, so far as you have observed, aie the
mem bers bouni to carry out the decrees of the order
it they involve murder and assassination ?
Anttoer. I think so, sir. If it was decided to take
the hie ot a man a camp is ordered to execute the
sentence, and is bound to do it.
Qumtion, What would be the penalty if any mem-
ber refused I
Answer. I do not know that any penalty was pre-
scribed for that. A member could excuse himself
from attendance at meetings or from going upon
raids if he had a proper excuse- The penalty pre-
scribed in the regulations for the punishment of
any member who should disclose the secrets of the
order was death. Each member was informed upon
bis initiation that if he disclosed the secrets of the
organization he should be the first victim.
^Question. If any arrests should bo made by the
civil authorities for murders or other crimes commit-
ted in pursuance of the decrees of a camp, to what
extent did the obligations of members bind them to
assist and protect each other?
Answer. To whatever extent was in their power.
Question. Did it go to the extent of giving testi-
mony in behalf of each other or of acquitting if
upon a jury?
Answer. I think that was one of the objects and
intentions of the organization, that a person on the
witness-stand or in the jury-box should disregard
his oath in order to protect a member of the organ-
ization.
Question. Do you know of any instances of wrong
or outrage perpetrated upon persons in pursuance
of the decrees or orders of this organization ?
Answer. I do not know of any decrees or decis-
ions they made. I know of punishments that were
inflicted by the organization.
Question. State any of them that you now remem-
ber.
Answer. The most serious instance in my county,
I believe, was the hanging of a negro man by the
name of Outlaw, who was taken from his house, in
the town where I live, about one o'clock at night,
by a band of from eighty to a hundred men, and
hung upon an elm tree, not very far from the court-
house door.
Question. When was that?
Answer. On the night of the 26th of last February.
Question. What was the offense charged against
him ?
Answer. I never heard of any. The newspapers
have said that he was guilty of having shot at a
band of Ku Klux that passed through the town some
time previous, but that was not true. * * * *
Question. What is your knowledge of the object
and extent of this organization throughout the
State?
Answer. I can only state from hearsay—what I
have heard from members of the organization. The
number of the members of the organization is sup-
posed to be forty thousand. Their object was the
overthrow of the reconstruction policy of Congress
and the disfranchisement of the negro. There are
two other organizations besides that of the White
Brotherhood, as I said before. I was a full mem-
ber of one of them and partly a member in the
other. I cannot say that I considered myself really
amember of the other. One organization was called
the Invisible Empire. There is another organization
which rather superseded the White Brotherhood in
my county, after it had gone on for some time, and
was called the Constitutional Union Guards, whose
oaths and manner of operation were about the same.
There was very little difference; some change in the
signs. The sign of recognition was by crossing the
hand on the breast. ******
Question. In speaking about the punishing of men,
on these raids, in the first part of your testimony,
what do you mean?
Answer. Whatever punishment was passed upon
in the camp.
Question. For what were they punished?
Answer. I do not know; just whatever they saw
proper. If they thought the man ought to be killed
for being too prominent in politics, they would have
a meeting and pass sentence upon him. I have no
doubt in my own mind (though I have no information
from others that such was the case) but what Outlaw
was killed in order to break up the organization of
thecolored voters in my own county, or frighten them
away from voting.
Question. Were other punishments inflicted in your
county besides this?
Answer. Yes, sir. In consequence of Outlaw's mur-
der, a negro by the name of William Puryear, a half
simplefellow, who, it was said, saw some ot his neigh-
bor returning in disguise from Graham the night
that Outlaw was huag, was drowned in the mill-
pond.
Question. Were there any whippings in the county ?
Answer, Yes.sir. I believe there were one hundred
or one hundred and fifty in the last two years in the
county, white and black. Some have been whipped
two or three times.
I have quoted largely from the testimony of
this witness for the purpose of showing the
dangerous character of this organization. I
also make an extract from the testimony of
Hon. Thomas Settle, one of the judges of
the supreme court, showing the same state of
things and strongly corroborating the material
statements of Mr. Boyd:
By the Chairman:
Qiiestion. Give us your belief as to the true position
ot the political organizations with reference to this
organization.
Answer. Well, sir, I must think that the present
Democratic party there, judging from the circum-
stances, are encouraging it. I do not think it is ac-
cidental. In the course of our investigation last
summer it leaked out in the testimony that Hamil-
ton 0. Jones, present member of the Legislature
gave the signs of the Invisible Empire to James E'
JJoyd, who was then a Democratic candidate for the
house of commons for Alamance county. Dr.
Moore, also, who bad been a member of the previous
house, gave the signs of the Invisible Empire. Mr.
Boyd had belonged to the White Brotherhood, and
this was a new organization to make it more com-
pact, it was said. After Dr. Moore had given the
hrftAi n tiie/ walked down to the Yarboro
a!nt-kntoih? roc*m Colonel Jones, who
fwfhJv « ' -^oyd the signs. It was not proved
that they were members, but Mr. Boyd said in his
testimony that Mr. Jarvis was in the room when
Hamilton C. Jones gave him the signs. It was fur-
ther stated by Mr. Boyd that he learned from Dr
Moore that Frederick N. Strudwick, a grandson of a
former chief justice, Frederick Nash, was on his way
to assassinate Senator Shoffner, who had introduced
the stringeat militia bill. Well, at the next session
of the Legislature, Mr. Jarvis was made speaker.
He is speaker of the present house. No person swore
positively that Mr. Jarvis was a member ot the or-
ganization, but Mr. Boyd swore that Dr. Moore in-
formed him that Jarvis was a member, and that
Jarvis was in the room when Jones gave the signs
Mr. Jones is a prominent member of the senate, and
Judge Warren, who is presiding officer, being in fee-
ble health, Mr. Jones frequently presides in that
body. It is notorious that the resolution of impeach-
ment of Governor Holden was passed m caucus. Mr
Strudwick was charged with introducing, and did
introduce, the resolution. He was also prominent
in bringing forward a bill, which passed and became
a law forthwith, to repeal the act which had been
passed, introduced by Mr. Shoffner. I draw from
these facts the inference that the Legislature must be
controlled by those men who were honored by the
party, and who were elected last summer as mem-
bers of the party, and I think that is the general
opinion.
Question. Do I understand you, then, to say that
the weight of what is known as the. Conservative or
Democratic party at present gives encouragement
to this organization, and that those of that party who
denounce it are exceptions?
Answer. Yes,sir; that is the general opinion there.
Question. What has been the effect on the public
mind with reference to the security of person and
property, of these outrages, and the difficulty in the
way of punishment?
Answer. Well, sir, I suppose any candid man in
North Carolina would tell you it is impossible for
the civil authorities, however vigilant they may be,
to punish those who perpetrate these outrages. The
defect lies not so much with the courts as with the
juries. You cannot get a conviction; you cannot
get a bill found by the grand jury, or, if you do, the
petit jury acquits the parties. In my official capa-
city I sit with Judge Pearson and Judge Dick. Judge
Pearson issued a bench warrant last summer for some
parties, and had them brought before him at Raleigh,.
He requested Judge Dick and myself to meet him.
We did so, and the trial extended over three weeks,
and there it came to our knowledge that it was the
duty and obligation of members of this secret organ-
ization to put themselves in the way to be summoned
as jurors, to acquit the accused, or to have themselves
summoned as witnesses to prove an alibi. This they
swore to; and such is the general impression. Of
course it must be so, for there has not been a single
instance of conviction in the State.
Question. Upon investigations made before you in
your official capacity, have you any doubt that a
state of things exists requiring men to shield them-
selves in the way you have mentioned?
Answer. None whatever. I am satisfied, from their
own declarations and from the effect visible in all
the courts, that it is so.
# Question. "Where they are charged with offenses,
is there any probability of securing justice against
them in counties where the organization exists at
all?
Answer. Well, sir, my belief is that the organiza-
tion extends to every county in the State. I am
satisfied that the organization is a very extensive
one. I have no doubt it is much more numerous in
some counties than others, and I believe the middle
or Piedmont region of the State is the chief nucleus,
and that there the outrages have been the most
numerous.
J udge Logan, of *he ninth district, and Judge
Henry, of the eleventh district, express sub-
stantially the same views. Their opinions are
mainly founded upon the effects visible in the
courts over which they preside and about which
they can neither be mistaken nor deceived.
Certain it is that these criminals are able to
baffle and set at defiance all the ordinary appli-
ances of the law. The testimony of Thomas
W. Willeford, formerly a member of the Ku
Klux Klan, throws additional light upon the
secret workings of this order and discloses
the means by which these results are brought
about in the State and local courts. This wit-
ness testifies as follows:
Question. Did they tell you what the object was ?
_ An-iwer. \ es, sir; in the first meeting. I was
initiated in Kennedy's barn.
Quesiien. Did you take the oath?
Answer. Yes, sir; and then the next Saturday
went to the meeting.
Question. What did they tell you then was tho
object of the organization?
Answer. They told meit was to damage the Repub-
lican party as much as they could—burning, steal-
ing. whipping niggers, and such things as that.
Question, Murder?
Ansicer, The leading men it was to murder.
Question. Have you ever heard of a Ku Klux
being convicted of any offense there ?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Was there anything in tho obligation
yur ^°, °T M16 rules of the order as to your being
obliged to defend men by your oaths, or otherwise?
