1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. or Reps.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. "Will I interrupt my
friend 
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask him to
apply that second section to his statement
and see if it does conform to the provision of
the Constitution 
Mr. BINGHAM. I have already stated,
Mr. Speaker, that I have spoken of the pro-
visions of the bill in general, and not in
detail. I do not propose to be diverted from
my line of argument. I have been endeavor-
ing to demonstrate that the legislation of the
country in all the past was an exercise of the
general power to legislate as proposed by this
bill. If it was competent heretofore to give
the President power to enforce by arms the
faithful execution of the laws against unlaw-
ful combinations of men, surely it is equally
competent, to make the fact of such combina-
tions a crime punishable in your courts. The
powers of the States have been limited and
the powers of Congress extended by the last
three amendments of the Constitution. These
last amendments—thirteen, fourteen, and fif-
teen—do, in my judgment, vest in Congress a
power to protect the rights of citizens against
States, and individuals in States, never before
granted. It is my purpose, as far as I may
be able in the limited time allowed me, to
make this statement good.
Mr. Speaker, the honorable gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fabnsworth] did me unwittingly,
great service, when he ventured to ask me why
I changed the form of the first section of the
fourteenth article of amendment from the form
in which I reported it to the House in Feb-
ruary, 1866, from the Committee on Recon-
struction. I will answer the gentleman, sir,
and answer him truthfully. I had the honor
to frame the amendment as reported in Feb-
ruary, 1866, and the first section, as it now
stands, letter for letter and syllable for syllable,
in the fourteenth article of the amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, save
the introductory clause defining citizens. The
clause defining citizens never came from the
joint Committee on Reconstruction, but the
residue of the first section of the fourteenth
amendment did come from the committee pre-
cisely as I wrote it and offered it in the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and precisely as it
now stands in the Constitution, to wit:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privilegesor immunities of citizens
of the United States: nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
The fourteenth amendment concludes as
follows :
"The Congress shall have power, by appropriate
legislation, to enforce the provisions of this article."
That is the grant of power. It is full and
complete. The gentleman says that amend-
ment differs from the amendment reported by
me in February; differs from the provision
introduced and written by me, now in the
fourteenth article of amendments. It differs
in this: that it is, as it now stands in the Con
stitution, more comprehensive than as it was
first proposed and reported in February, 1866.
It embraces all and more than did the Feb-
ruary proposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish simply to call
your attention 
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, what is it?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The fourteenth
amendment embraced other provisions which
require legislation. The last clause gives Con-
gress power 
Mr BINGHAM. I thank the gentleman for
that word. The fourteenth amendment closes
with the words, "the Congress shall have
power to enforce, by appropriate legislation,
the provisions of this article"—the whole of
it, sir; all the provisions of the article; every
section of it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Illi-
nois must not further interrupt me. He is not
now enlightening me on this subject, though
doubtless he ia capable of doing so when he
has the time.
The gentleman ventured upon saying that
this amendment does not embrace all of the
amendment prepared and reported by me with
theconsentof the committee in February, I860.
The amendment reported in February, and to
which the gentleman refers, is as follows:
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper to secure to the
citizens of each State all the privileges and immun-
ities of oitizens in the several States, and to all
persons in the several States equal protection in the
rights of life, liberty, and property."
That is the amendment, and the whole of it,
as reported in February, 1866. That amend-
ment never was rejected by the House or
Senate. A motion was made to lay it on the
table, which was a test vote on the merits
of it, and the motion failed—only forty-one
votes for the motion, and one hundred and ten
against it. I consented to and voted for the
motion to postpone it till the second Tuesday
of April. Afterward, in the joint Committee
on Reconstruction, I introduced this amend-
ment, in the precise form, as I have stated, in
which it was reported, and as it now stands in
the Constitution of my country. It contains
the words, among others—
"Nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws."
The gentleman inquires, what does this mean?
It ought to have occurred to the gentleman
that it mean3 that no State shall deny to any
person within its jurisdiction the equal pro-
tection of the Constitution of the United States,
as that Constitution is the supreme law of
the land, and, of course, that no State should
deny to any such person any of the rights which
it guaranties to all men, nor should any State
deny to any such person any right secured to
him either by the laws and treaties of the Uni-
ted States or of such State. The gentleman,
if hehad consulted Magna Charta, which Eng-
land's brilliant and profound constitutional
historian, Hallam, has well said " is the key-
stone of English liberty," would have found,
in the forty-sixth clause, these words:
" We will sell to no man, we will not deny or delay
to any man right or justice."
After all the past, is it needful to say what it
means to deny right or justice to any man ?
The words in the first section of the fourteenth
amendment are quite as comprehensive as
these wqrds of Magna Charta, to wit:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property, without due
procoss of lavr, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
These are the words of Magna Charta, "we
will not deny to any man right or justice," the
great words of England's constitution, out of
which has come all that grand system of Eng-
lish law and growth and development which
has made the elder branch of our house, only
second to America, her child, in the family-
nations. I affirm tkat by the equal justice
of her laws, by the strength, maturity, and
splendor of her intellect, by the purity of her
life, by her inventive genius, by her power on
land and sea, by her triumphs in production,
greater in proportion to population than that
of any other people now or at any time upon
this globe, England is foremost of the nations
of the Old World. It was her Magna Charta,
sir, which, when faithfully enforced, made it
impossible for a slave to breathe in England,
and by foree of it, it came to be that the
moment a slave set foot upon her soil his fet-
ters turned to dust and he was free. A people
to be great must be just.
The gentleman asked what mean the words
in the fourteenth article " nor shall any State
deny to any person the equal protection of the
laws." Sir, the gentleman seems to have
taken a step backward, either in knowledge
of the right or fidelity to it. No man regrets
this more than I do. When this fourteenth
amendment was under discussion before the
House, the gentleman endeavored to impress
upon the House that the adoption of this very
amendment, and especially the first section of
it, which he says now we have no power to
enforce, was essential to the protection of the
poor emancipated slaves in the several States.
I shall do no injustice to the gentleman. 1
shall quote his words exactly from the Globe
as they there stand recorded.
At that day, speaking of this amendment, the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fabxswoiith]
said:
"Equal protection by the lawsl Can there boa
well-lounded objection to this? Is not this the very
foundation of arepublican government? Is it not
the undeniable right of every subject of the Govern-
ment to receive 'equal protection of the laws' with
overy other subject? This is so self-cvidont and
just that no man whose soul is not too cramped and
dwarfed to hold the smallest germ ot justice can lail
to see and appreciate it."—Globe, volume 53, page
2539.
"The preservation of the Government requires it.
The rights and liberties of the loyal poor oannot be
preservod without it."—Ibid., page 2540.
Surely the gentleman then supposed the
words "the equal protection of the laws"
were more than a glittering generality ; that
they were to be enforced to the extent of se-
curing to all the guarantees of life, liberty, and
property as provided in the supreme law ol the
land, the Constitution of the United States.
Well might the gentleman inquire, as he does
to-day, "What means that language if we
adopted the amendment without power to en-
force it?" There is not a line or a letter in
the fourteenth amendment that looks to the
protection of the rights of these poor unfor-
tunates, "the loyal poor," a3 the gentleman
called them, who were subjected to the- torture
of human bondage, but the provisions of the
first and fifth sections of the fourteenth article
of amendment. The power to enforce this
provision by law is as full as any other grant
of power to Congress. It is, "the Congress
shall have power, by appropriate legislation,"
to enforce this and every other provision of
this article.
Mr. Speaker, allow me to say, further, that
by the text of the Coustitutiou as you remem-
ber it, and as all thoughtful Representatives
remember it, there are negative limitations
upon the power of the States; as, for example,
that no State shall make an ex post facto law ;
that no State shall pass any law impairing the
obligation of contracts; that no State shall
grant any title of nobility; that no State shall
make anything a legal tender but gold and
silver coin ; that no State shall enter into any
treaty, alliance, or confederation, norany com-
pact or agreement with another State, or with
a foreign Power, &c.
These are of the negative limitations on the
power of the States in the original text of the
Constitution. Does the gentleman undertake
to tell me that they have not always been en-
forced against State constitutions and State
statutes, and the judgment of the highest courts
of the States, in the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, under the twenty-fifth section of
the act of 1789? Why, sir, if I were to read
the decisions that have been made in the exer-
cise of this very power, under that law, enforc-
ing these negative prohibitions upon States,
the sun would go down before I had read
even a syllabus of the cases. Is not the gen-
tleman answered now? But, says the gentle-
