1871.
THE 0 0jNTGrBESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
Mr. PATTERSON. I say to my friend that
"though dead they yet speak" through their
descendants.
Mr. POMIiROY. The petition was in rela-
tion to claims for French spoliations. My
point is this: that living men who are citizens
of the United States can petition, but dead
men cannot; and I want the opinion of the
Chair on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. Neither the Sec-
retary nor the Chair can be cognizant of the
fact whether those who have signed petitions
are dead at the time of their presentation or
not. Certainly some persons who were living
in 1823 are living now.
Mr. POiNlEROY. But they are represented
as haying been merchants and business men at
that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know to what age they may have lived.
The petitions, however, were laid on the table,
The Chair thinks the general proposition is
correct that dead men cannot petition. The
question is whether these men are dead or not.
Mr. POMEROY. I am satisfied if the Chair
says that dead men cannot petition.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The presenta-
tion of petitions and memorials is in order.
If there be none, Senate resolutions are in
order.
business of the session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the amendment
offered by me to the resolution adopted on the
22d instant, relative to the business of the
session.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendment
of Mr. Anthony to the restrictive rule.
The motion was, at the end of the resolution
prescribing the legislative business of the Sen-
ate during the present session of Congress to
insert the following:
And any bill that may be sent to the Senate from
the House of Representatives on the same subject.
So that the resolution will read :
Resolved, That the Senate will consider at the
present session no other legislative business than
the deficiency appropriation bill, the concurrent
resolution for a joint committee of investigation
into the condition of.the States lately in insurrec-
tion, and the resolution now pending, instructing
the Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill or
bills th:it will enable the President and the courts
of the United States to execute the laws in said
States, and the report that may be made by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary on that subject, and any bill
that may be sent to the Senate from the House of
Representatives on the same subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. Casserly] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. CA8SERLY. At the expiration of the
morning hour yesterday I was engaged in reply-
ing to remarks made by the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony.] The subject was the
amendment of the Senator to his restrictive
resolution. In the course of my remarks I
had occasion to question, and I did it with
reluctance, the entire accuracy of a statement
made by the Senator from Rhode Island. That
statement was that in his experience here "for
twelve years, during which time he had been a
faithful attendant of Republican caucuses, he
never had known any measure to be submit-
ted to a Republican caucus," and never had
known "any attempt to bind the party upon
any measure." I send up to the desk to have
read the precise language employed by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, because it will be the
text of the few remarks I have to make this
morning.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" I have been in this body for twelve years, and
during that timelhave alwaysattended the Repub-
lican caucus <ind have always stood by its decisions,
and never did I know any measure to be submitted
to a Republican caucus, and never did I know any
attempt to bind the party upon any measure. I
presume that an attempt to hold a cau-ous upon a
measure like this, with a view of binding those who
participated in it to vote one way or the other,
«ould not receive the countenance of ten members
of the Republican party. It is customary with us
as it is with other parties, to meet and discuss a
measure and to see if we oan agree upon anything,
to see if a measure can be so modified that it will
meet the approbation of a majority of the body and
a majority of the Senate, but never to bind anybody
upon it."
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, though it
is hardly needed, yet I desire to repeat now
one thing I said yesterday. I have no doubt
whatever, and indeed it seems like a superfluity
for me to say so, that the Senator from Rhode
Island spoke in the most ample good faith in
all that he said. I say now, as I said yester-
day, that in repudiating an idea so monstrous
as the right of any private caucus of any por-
tion of this body to bind the consciences and
the votes of Senators upon great measures of
public policy the Senator spoke from the
promptings of his own upright and intelligent
nature. If he erred in his statement of the
facts it was because the facts had passed from
his memory. I can well understand that in
the rapid, overwhelming rush of events, one
more absorbing than the other, through which
that Senator has passed, with so much credit
to himself, personally, forthe last twelve years,
he has forgotten some of the most striking of
the facts connected with the very subject of
which he spoke.
My attention has since been called to a
memorable debate in this body in February of
last year, the debate on the Mississippi bill.
In the course of that debate a flood of light
was let in upon the practices of the dominant
party in respect of its caucuses, and that upon
a measure of the very first magnitude as a
measure of general legislation, involving grave
constitutional questions.
As often happens, so great a contribution
to the truth of history grew out of a personal
conflict here as to the share of honor and
glory that belonged to particular Senators in
regard to the passage of the so-called military
bill for the reconstruction of the South. The
history of the bill, as it passed the Senate, is
probably not forgotten by anybody in or out
of Congress who took the interest in the meas-
ure which it deserved. The bill originated in
the House of Representatives. An effort was
there made to insert in it what was known as
the Bingham amendment, as modified by the
gentleman who is now Speaker of the House.
That amendment so modified was rejected in
the House. The bill came here without it.
Upon the bill in that condition a debate arose
here, which one of the Senators, in the course
of the debate to which I am now referring, in
February of last year, characterized as per-
sonal, if not bitter. The result was, as was
fully disclosed by that debate, in the judgment
of the Senators of the majority, that nothing
could then be done in.the Senate, and that a
caucus was indispensable.
I will first ask to have read the statement
made by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sdmner] in the course of that debate of Feb-
ruary 10 of last year. The statement, it is
true, was taken by him from a speech pre-
viously delivered in this body at the same
session of Congress. But he adopted and
repeated it as a correct statement of the
facts. I will ask to have it read from the desk.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the date of that ?
Mr. CASSERLY. The date of the debate
is the 10th of February, 1870, and the speech
of the Senator from Massachusetts from which
he then read had been delivered not a great
while before, if I remember correctly.
The Chief Clerk read from the Congres-
sional Globe of the second session, Forty First
Congress, page 1177, as follows:
"Senators who were here at that time remember
well that this whole subject was practically taken
for the time from the jurisdiction of the Senate into
a caucus of the Republican party, where a commit-
tee was created to whom a.ll pending measures of
reconstruction were referred. I had the honor of
being a member of that committee. So was the Sen-
ator from Illinois. So was my friend from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard.] The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man! was our chairman. In that committee this
reconstruction bill was debated and matured sen-
tence py sentence, word for word; and then and
there in that committee I moved that we should
require the suffrage of all persons without distinc-
tion ot color in the organization of new governments
and in all the constitutions to be made."
Mr. CASSERLY. That was a statement
made by the Senator from Massachusetts of
his personal knowledge. It was his contribu-
tion deliberately made to '• the truth of his-
tory," as the phrase is, in connection with the
subject of the military reconstruction bill.
There was no dissent from any substantial fact
stated by the Senator from Massachusetts in
the course of. that debate. Many Senators
participated in it; but while they divided upon
other subjects, none dissented from the sub-
stantial truth of the statement made by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumnek.]
What did he say? "That this whole sub-
ject"—that is, that great measure involv-
ing constitutional considerations of the very
gravest _ character—" was practically taken
for the time from the jurisdiction of the Senate
into a caucus of the Republican party, where
a committee was created to whom all pending
measures of reconstruction were referred."
The measure was "taken away from the
jurisdiction of the Senate." It was taken into
a caucus, a private caucus, sitting in secret,
with closed doors. In that caucus it was referred
to a sub-caucus denominated a committee.
The Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] who
was one of the chief contestants in that debate
with the Senator from Massachusetts, while he
disputed his views upon some personal points,
substantially confirmed all the Senator from
Massachusetts had stated as to the caucus his-
tory of the bill. In the same debate, speaking
of the discussion in the Senate of the military
bill before the reference of it to the caucus,
he said:
"The discussion went on for some time, and
finally, after a long debate, it resulted in a caucus.
"Mr. Trumbull. What was the date of that
caucus ?
Mr. Stewart. The caucus was on the night of
the 14th and on the morning of the 15th of Febru-
ary, 1867.
" Mr. Trttmhull. It was after the proposition had
been offered to the Senate?
/'Mr, Stewart. Certainly; it was after the propo-
sition was offered in tho Senate."
The same Senator from Nevada said again:
"It finally resulted in a caucus; and the caucus
after deliberation made a report. I recollect well
that deliberation."
Another fact in the secret history of the bill
was that the sub caucus refused to insert the
" Bingham-Blaine amendment" in the bill by
a vote of four to three. Upon reporting back
the bill to the greater caucus that action was
overruled by a vote of fifteen to thirteen. All
that is fully stated in the debate. If it be
contested 1 shall be happy to produce the
proof from the report of the debate in the
Globe, now before me. The only question
was whether the majority was two or one in
the caucus in favor of putting into the bill the
Bingham-Blaine amendment. It was con-
ceded all around that the little caucus, the
committee to which the main caucus had sent
this great measure, this grave constitutional
subject, refused to insert the Bingham-Blaine
amendment, and was overruled in the great
caucus by a majority of two, certainly of one.
The Senator from Nevada said :
"Fifteen Senators voted to retain it there against
thirteen."
That is, voted to retain the Bingham-Blaine
amendment. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] in the course of his remarks, gives
his history of the caucus. He details how in
that caucus the smaller caucus was appointed,
a committee of seven, composed of himself,
of the Senator from Maine, Mr. Fesffenden,
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
nek,] the Senator from Michigan, Mr. How-
ard, the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr,
Fbeunghuysen,] and the Ssnator from Wis-
