1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps,
had the right to defeat the very object for
which all government is made?
The nation cannot be without that Constitu-
tion, which made us "one people;" the nation
cannot be without the State governments to
localize and enforce the rights of the people un-
der the Constitution. No right reserved by the
Constitution to the States should be impaired,
no right vested by it in the Government of the
United States, or in any Department or officer
thereof, should be challenged or violated. "Cen-
tralized power, decentralized administration,"
expresses the whole philosophy of the Amer-
ican system. You say it is centralized power
to restrain by law unlawful combinations in
States against the Constitution and citizens of
the United States, to enforce the Constitution
and the rights of United States citizen by na-
tional law, and to disperse by force, if need be,
combinations too powerful to be overcome by
judicial process, engaged in trampling under
loot the life and liberty, or destroying the
property of the citizen.
The people of the United States are entitled
to have their rights guarantied to them by the
Constitution of the United States, protected by
national law. I enter upon no new construc-
tion. I follow this day, in its letter and its
spirit, the utterance of that mightiest man of
our time, to whom God gave such gifts of in-
tellect as are but seldom given to man. The
intellectual giant of the North, in the mostelab-
orate argument of his public life, vindicated the
Constitution of his country to the extent of
all the grants and limitations of power which
it then contained, and asserted the rightful
authority of Congress to enforce them by law.
The Supreme Court of the United States, and
the legislative and executive departments, as I
have shown, fully supported all that he said.
To the right understanding of Mr. Webster's
words, the House will bear in mind that the
Constitution of the United States required, that
every State officer, legislative, executive, and
judicial, should be bound by oath or affirma-
tion to support it; that it declared that—
"This Constitution and the laws of the United
States which shall bo made in pursuance thereof,
and all treaties made or which shall bo made under
Jhe authority of the United States, shall be the
supreme law of the land, and the judges in every
State shall be bound thereby, anything in the con-
stitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding."
I now quote Mr. Webster's words:
"The maintenance of this Constitution does not
depend on the plighted faith of the States as States
to fiupport it." * * * * "It relies on
individual duty and obligation.
"The Constitution of the United States creates
direct relations between this Government and indi-
viduals. This Government may punish individuals
for treason, and all other crimes in the code, when
committed against the United States."
"On the other hand, the Government owes high
and solemn duties to every citizen of the country.
It i,5 bound to protect him in his most important
rights and interests. It makes war for his protec-
tion, and no other government in the country can
make war. It makes peace for his protection, and
no other government can make peace. He goes
abroad beneath its flag, and carries with him a
national character imparted to him by this Govern-
ment, which no other government can impart."—3
Webster's Works, pp. 469, 470.
Bas the Congress any clearer grant of power
to make war for the protection of the citizen
than it has to make laws to enforce his guar-
antied "privileges" under the Constitution,
as defined therein and assured by the four-
teenth amendment?
The significant remark in that profound
speech of Mr. Webster is, that, in which he
says that the maintenance of this Constitution
does not de,pend on the plighted faith of the
States as States to support it. It reli es on
individual duty and obligation. That was his
judgment; and logically it was followed by
his other words, "The Government owes high
and solemn duties to every citizen of the coun-
try. It is bound to protect him in his most
important rights." Has he rights any more
important than the rights of life, liberty, and
property ?
Sir, what' would, this Government be worth
if it must rely upon States to execute its grants
of power, its limitations of power upon States,
and its express guarantees of rights to the peo-
ple. Admitting that the States have concur-
rent power to enforce the Constitution of the
United States within their respective limits,,
must we wait for their action? Are not laws
preventive, as well as remedial and punitive?
Is it not better to prevent a great transgression
in advance, than to engage in the terrible work
of imprisonment, and confiscation, and execu-
tion after the crime has been done? Our fathers
in the beginning set us the example of legislat-
ing in advance. Yet gentlemen say, now that
the Constitution is amended and new powers
have been vested in Congress, we must wait
until these combinations are made. Why, sir,
if we pass this bill and these offenses are not
attempted or actually committed anywhere, no
man is hurt, no State is restrained in the exer-
cise of any of the powers which rightfully belong
to it. Why not in advance provide against the
denial of rights by States, whether the denial
be acts of omission or commission, as well as
against the unlawful acts of combinations and
conspiracies against the rights of the people ?
The States never had the right, though they
had the power, to inflict wrongs upon free cit-
izens by a denial of the full protection of the
laws ; because all State officials are by the
Constitution required to be bound by oath or
affirmation to support the Constitution. As
I have already said, the States did deny to
citizens the equal protection of the laws, they
did deny the rights of citizens under the Con-
stitution, and except to the extent of the ex-
press limitations upon the States, as I have
shown, the citizen had no remedy. They denied
trial by jury, and he had no remedy. They
took property without compensation, and he
had no remedy. They restricted the freedom
of the press, and he had no remedy. They
restricted the freedom of speech, and he had
no remedy. They restricted the rights of con-
science, and he_had no remedy. They bought
and sold men who had no remedy. Who dare
say, now that the Constitution has been amend-
ed, that the nation cannot by law provide against
all such-abuses and denialsof right as these
in States and by States, or combinations of
persons?
I respectfully ask my friend from Illinois
£Mr. Farnsworth] to review all that he has
said on this subject. If I am not right in
asserting that the negative limitations imposed
by the Constitution on States can be enforced
bylaw against individuals and States, then the
Government was .wrong from the administra-
tion of Washington down, and the Supreme
Court of the United States was wrong every
time this question has come before it.
Let gentlemen consider the last three amend-
ments and the new limitations thereby imposed
upon the power of the States, and the new
powers thereby vested in Congress. The first
of these (the thirteenth) provides that invol-
untary servitude, or slavery, shall not exist in
the United States. That is negative. Then
we have the further provision that Congress
shall have power to enforce, by appropriate
legislation, this amendment. That is affirma-
tive. Do gentlemen undertake to say to-day
that this does not impose a new limitation
upon the power of the States, and grant a new
power to Congress?
Does the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] wish to be understood as affirming that
there is no new gra"nt of power here to Con-
gress and no new limitation on the States? I
rather think not. Let any State try the ex-
periment of again enslaving men, and we will
see, whether it is not competent for the Con-
of the United States to make it a felony
punishable by death to reduce any man, white
or black, under color of State law, to a system
of enforced human servitude or slavery ; that
system which converts a man, endowed with
immortal life, into a thing of trade, an article
of merchandise, with no acknowledged rights
in the present and no hope of a heritage in the
great hereafter. In such case the nation would
inflict the penalty for this crime upon individ-
uals, not upon States.
Will gentlemen undertake to tell the country
that we cannot enforce by positive enactment
that negative provision, the thirteenth article
of amendment?
We have fully considered the fourteenth
amendment. We have seen that it expressly
grants the power to Congress to enforce its
provisions, all its provisions, by appropriate
legislation. Consider the fifteenth amendment,
which declares, " No State shall deny to any
citizen of the United States the right to vote
on account of race, color, or previous condition
of servitude." Here is a negative provision,
a mere limitation, like the thirteenth and four-
teenth amendments, on the power ofthe States,
but coupled with a grant of power to Congress
to enforce it. Did not a large majority of this
House vote for the enforcement act of last
May, which set aside the constitutions as well
as the statutes of half the States of the Union
because they denied rights guarantied to citi-
zens by this negative provision, and which also
declared combinations in States to deprive citi-
zens of their rights, felony, punishable in the
courts of the United States? I undertake to
say, as to those sections of that law which
enforce this provision and define and provide
for the punishment of conspirators against
the gnarantied rights of the people, that there
has never been found in America, anywhere, a
court weak enough or wicked enough to ques-
tion their validity, not one.
I am not speaking of all the details of that
act. I am speaking of the provisions of it
which declare that the right shall not be de-
nied, nor challenged, nor violated by individ-
uals or States. What difference is there be-
tween enforcing the negative provision of the
fifteenth amendment and enforcing a nega-
tive provision of the thirteenth and fourteenth
amendments? There is no difference, sir. No
man can find any difference. There the three
new amendments stand, imposing limitations,
as I have said, upon the powers of the States
which never were imposed on them before, and
granting to the Congress of the United States
express powers which never were in Congress
before.
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully submit to the
House and country that, by virtue of these
amendments, it is competent for Congress to-
day to provide by law that no man shall be
held to answer in the tribunals of any State in
this Union for any act made criminal by the
laws of that State without a fair and impar-
tial trial by jury. Congress never before has
had the power to do it. It is also compe-
tent for Congress to provide that no citizen
in any State shall be deprived of his property
by State law or the judgment of a State court
without just compensation therefor. Congress
never before had the power so to declare.
It is competent for the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to-day to declare that no State shall
make or enforce any law which shall abridge
the freedom of speech, the freedom of the
press, or the right of the people peaceably to
assemble together and petition for redress
of grievances, for these are of the rights of
citizens of the United States defined in the
Constitution and guarantied by the fourteenth
amendment, and to enforce which Congress is
thereby expressly empowered. Tt is clear
that if Congress do so provide by penal laws
for the protection of these rights, those violat-
