86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Heps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Storm.
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
ing them must answer for the crime, and not
the States. The United States punishes men,
not States, for a violation of its law.
Mr. Speaker, I do not fear what the judg-
ment of the people will be on this great ques-
tion. I only regret that I cannot more fully
discuss it or more clearly present it. I feel
that my strength is well-nigh exhausted. I
trust I have said enough to demonstrate the
power of this Government to enforce the Con-
stitution and protect the people in their rights
of person' and property.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Please excuse me.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
evaded the point I have made.
Mr. BINGHAM. What is it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to state it?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir; but I hope my
time, just expiring, will not all be taken up by
the gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not taken the
ground that Congress has not the power to cor-
rect unequal and partial legislation of a State.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understood the gentle-
man before.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
not touched that.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did touch it, and pre-
sent my views fully, but the gentleman did not
seem to comprehend my argument, because I
suppose he was so captivated with his own. I
stated that the negative provisions in the ori-
ginal Constitution had been enforced against
the tribunals and against the judgments and
decisions of State courts. Will the gentleman
undertake to say that Congress could not have
compelled a State court to certify the record
for review, as provided in the twenty-fifth sec-
tion of the judiciary act of 1780 and have pro-
vided by law in advance against such denial
of justice and right? Will the gentleman
undertake to say that? The gentleman has
been answered, is answered, but unhappily, 1
fear, he is like those unfortunaies whom Swed-
enboig beheld in vision, who had departed
this lite fifty years ago, but did not know that
they were dead. [Laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, in tins discussion I have been
necessarily compelled to speak of the powers
of the national, Government and of the powers
of the States, and have referred only incident-
ally to the provisions of the Constitution guar-
antying rights, privileges, and immunities to
citizens of the United States. I pray, Mr.
Speaker, that the House will not misunder-
stand me as placing the Government, either
national or State, above the citizen. I ask
the House, when they come to deliberate upon
this question, not to forget the imperishable
words of our great Declaration, "All men are
created equal and endowed by their Creator
with the rights of life and liberty." I ask
gentlemen not to forget those other words of
the Declaration, that •' to protect these rights"
(not to confer them) "governments are insti-
tuted among men." I ask gentlemen further,
when tliey come to deliberate upon this ques-
tion, not to forget the words incorporated by
its makers in the Constitution of our common
country, by which it is declared that, to estab-
lish justice and to secure the blessings of lib-
erty, "We, the people of the United States,
do ordain this Constitution."
Liberty secured by law is not license. Lib-
erty, our own American constitutional liberty,
is the right " to know, to argue, and to utter
freely according to conscience." It is the lib-
erty, sir, to know your duty and to do it. It is
the liberty, sir, to work in an honest calling and
contribute by your toil in some sort to the sup-
port of yourself, to the support of your fell'ow-
men, and to be secure in the enjoyment of the
fruits of your toil. _ Justice, sir, to establish
which this Constitution was ordained, the peo-
ple themselves being witness, is to give to every
man his due. The justice to be established by
the Constitution is the attribute of God, as to
do justice is the perpetual obligation of men
and nations. Let justice for all, by the power
and majesty of American law be established
for all, so that the poorest man in his hovel on
the frontiers of your widely extended domain,
bearing with him toward the setting sun the
symbolsof civilization, andlayinginthewilder-
ness the foundations of new commonwealths,
may be made as secure in his person and prop-
erty as the prince in his palace or the king
on his throne.
Let equal and exact justice be established,
that America may become the exemplar to all
the nations of the world of the capacity of
man for self-government, and in establishing
it may illustrate the utterance of that grand
intellect, Collard, of whom one of the most
gifted of living men said :
" His words become indelibly engra ved upon what
ever spot they fall. 'The citizen,' said ho. 'has a,
higher destiny than that of States.' "
# * * # $ * * * # *
"'States are born, live, and die upon the earth;
here they accomplish their destiny; but they con-
tain not, the whole man. After the citizen has dis-
charged every obligation he owes to sooiety, every
obligation that ho owes to the State, there abides in
him the nobler part of his nature—his immortal fac-
ulties, by which he ascends to God, to a futuro life,
and to the unknown blessings of an invisible world.'"
[Applause.]
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN B. STORM,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House op Representatives,
March 31, 1871.
The House having under consideration tho bill
(II. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes—
Mr. STORM said:
Mr. Si'eaker: I thank the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Archer] for yielding to me a
portion of his time in which to express the
views I maintain with regard to this very
important bill now pending before the House.
We were told by the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,,] when this dis-
cussion was opened, that it would open up a
new field, a wide range of constitutional law.
We were told also to-day by his colleague,
[Mr. Bingham,] who addressed us very ably
and eloquently, that the entire question was a
closed one, one which had been long settled.
Now when doctors differ who shall decide?
But I believe, Mr. Speaker, that there is a
grain of truth in the assertions of both those
learned gentlemen. I do believe that the great
underlying principles of this bill have been
decided. At the same time I agree with the
gentleman who has this bill in charge, that the
question as now presented is a new one.
Mr. Speaker, I shall not have time to go over
much of this bill in the short time allowed me.
and I shall say very little about the first sec-
tion, which is the least objectionable of the first
four sections, for I will admit that the Federal
courts could, in a certain way already pro-
vided, take cognizance of the offenses therein
mentioned. But I object to it on the ground
that it is a delay of justice. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] this morning, in
addressing the House, quoted the famous ex-
pression contained in the Magna Charta, that
justice was to be dealt out freely without sale
and without denial. But he omitted to quote,
what was the most important part of that
maxim contained in the Magna Charta, that
it was to be speedy and without delay. But
I object to this clause because it subjects suit-
ors to delay. It does not even give the State
courts a chance to try questions, or to show
whether they will try the questions that might
come before them under the first section of
the fourteenth amendment, fairly or not. It
takes the whole question away from them in
the beginning.
Now these questions could all be tried, I
take it, in the State courts, and by a writ of
error, as provided by the twenty-fifth section of
the act of 1789, could be brought before the
Supreme Court for review. That act, in its
twenty-fifth section, provides that whenever
the State courts draw in question any statute
or authority of the United States, and the
decision is against their validity, or where is
drawn in question the validity of a statute or
authority exercised under any State, on the
ground of their being repugnant to the Consti-
tution or laws of the United States, and the
decision is in favor of their validity, the final
judgment or decree of said court may be re-
examined, reversed, or affirmed in the Supreme
Court of the United States on a writ of error.
But the first section of this bill does not allow
that right. It takes the whole question away
at once and forever; and I say that on the
ground of delay it is objectionable. It sub-
jects suitors who are seeking the enforcement
of their rights to great additional expenses.
For, in many of these cases, the places of the
sitting of the circuit courts and of the district
courts are hundreds of miles from places where
these cases might arise.
Then the plain question before us is, Does the
first clause of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments support this bill? For if the authority
for it is not found in the first clause of the
fourteenth amendment, I take it that it cannot
be defended. And the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr, Bingiiam] rested the authority for this
bill upon that clause. Or, to make the question
a little more plain, and to eliminate the great
point in dispute which was raised by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] and
discussed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] on the very first day that this question
was brought to the consideration of the House,
does the first clause of the fourteenth amend-
ment deny to State courts the right to punish
the crimes set forth in the second section of
this bill, which are therein specified as being—
"Murder, manslaughter.mayhem,robbery, assault
and battery, perjury, subornation of perjury, crim-
inal obstruction of legal process orresistance of offi-
cers in discharge of official duty, arson, or larceny?'1
That, then, is the question. It makes no
difference in my mind that this bill says that
these crimes must be committed by two or more
persons in conspiracy or in combination ; be-
cause it is simply a question of degree and not
of kind. If they could succeed in placing
such a law as this upon our statute-book, and
we on this side of the House should make no
objection to it, and then in another year or in
another Congress they should come here with
a bill proposing to make the same offenses cog-
nizable by a district or a circuit court of the
United States, when committed by one person
only, we should be in a bad situation to oppose
it upon this side of the House ; because they
could say that it would make no difference, so
far as the merits of this clause are concerned,
whether the crime be committed by one man
or by two.
I take it that the first clause of the four-
teenth article of amendmentto the Constitution
does not take from the State courts their right
to try any of these offenses. We say, upon the
principle that the expression of one thing is
the denial of another, that the following clause
of the Constitution supports the position I
have taken. Article one, section eight, clause
ten, says:
Congress shall have power to define and punish
piracies and felonies committed 011 the high seas,
and offenses against the law of nations."
This guarded expression mentions the kind
