1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
It certainly was not with any purpose of
making an issue as to the accuracy of the
Senator from Rhode Island upon the Question
of fact that I have spoken. But since yester-
day my attention has been drawn to the debate
of the 10th of February, 1870, which shows so
clearly the terrible power of the caucus here.
It did seem to me that the instruction with
which that debate abounds is such as to war-
rant me in bringing it now to the attention, not
merely of the Senator from Rhode Island, but
of the Senators who act with him here, and
indeed of the Senate at large.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I do not
perceive the pertinence of this debate, and I
urn not disposed to prolong it. One of the
few things which I suppose I understand better
than the Senator from California—and they
are very few—is what takes place in Repub-
lican caucuses; and I repeat now what I said
yesterday, what every Senator of the party
with which 1 have the honor to act knows to
be the case, that never is the conscience or
judgment of a Senator bound in our caucuses
upon any measure. It is true that we submit
measures to a committee and that committee
endeavors to frame a bill which will meet the
views of a majority of the body ; and if it does
so, we see the advantage of introducing it into,
the Senate and we introduce it, and Senators
vote for it or not as they see (it.
One would suppose from the remarks of the
Senator from California that a caucus was a
new thing in a party, that we had never had
any caucuses before. We understand very well,
Mr. President, (for, I suppose, although it is
not proper to refer to what takes place in
the House of Eepresentatives, we may refer to
what takes place in a caucus of the members
of the House of Representatives,) that, the night
before last, a caucus of the Democratic party
of the House was in session until after mid-
night upon the very measure which is now
the subject of discussion in Congress. Whether
or not they propose to bind their members by
the result of that caucus, I do not know. If
they do, tliey will do what we never did. Iam
reminded that that was a joint caucus and
included the Democratic Senators, as >vell as
the Democratic Representatives. If so, I sup-
pose the Senator from California may have been
there, and there is where he may have got this
idea of the binding force of a caucus on the
judgment and the conscience of those who
participated in it. He certainly did not get
it from any caucus of ours.
The account which the Senator gives of the
proceedings in a Republican caucus does not
at all contiadict what I s:iid yesterday. What
he states of our deliberating upon measures,
of our referring them to a committee, and
endeavoring to come to a general understand-
ing upon them, is perlectly true and perfectly
proper. No party ever existed that did not
have such consultations. No party ever came
into power or ever kept power without them.
Yestetday the Senator from California com
plained of the way in which a bill was passed
through this body at the last session—a bill
which the Senator from New York [Mr. Conk
lingJ had in charge, without giving the minor-
ity a fair opportunity to deliberate upon it.
Now, sir, 1 have made a little calculation
about that bill, the time that we were occu-
pied in passing it, and the opportunity that
was given for the Democratic Senators to
debate it; and the result of this calculation
shows that if that bill had been reported when
we met in December, if it had been the order
of the day, for every day, alter the expiration
of the morning hour, until the usual hour of
adjournment, leaving out the necessary time
for executive business and incidental business,
the Senate adjourning at the ordinary hour
each day, if every Senator had spoken upon
that bill as long as the Democratic Senators
spoke, upon the average, it could not have been
concluded during the whole session. The Sen-
ators ou the Democratic side occupied, upon
an average, one hour and three quarters each,
upon that bill, in one day ; and the seventy-
four Senators there were then in this body
could not have spoken an hour and three
quarters each, from the day that we met in
December untilthe4th of March weadjourned,
leaving out the time necessary for executive
and incidental business.
The complaint therefore is not that they did
not have time enough to speak, but that they
were forced to speak at an inconvenient hour.
That was a matter of personal inconvenience,
which we were very sorry to impose upon them;
but it is the only way in which we can pass a
bill, and it is a matter of personal inconven-
ience that every legislator must subject him-
self to. We did not sit any later than the Brit-
ish Parliament sit every week in the height of
the session, nor longer than the Parliament of
the Dominion of Canada frequently sits. The
complaint, then, is of personal inconvenience
and that we did not reply to them. The com-
plaint was not that they did not have an oppor-
tunity to argue their own side, but that we
would not argue on what they thought was the
wrong side.
Mr. President, I believe in the right of
speech ; and although not very patient of long
speeches, I have always voted here for the
right of speech ; but I have from the depths
of a grateful heart thanked the Power which
fixed the eternal relation of things that the
right of speech did not involve the obligation
to listen, still less the obligation to reply.
[Laughter.]
The Senators upon the other side have no
cause whatever of complaint on that bill. They
had all the time they required, and they could
have had longer if they would have submitted
to the personal inconvenience of expressing
their views over and over again at that hour.
I think every Senator upon that side spoke,
and certainly the debate was characterized by
large information and large ability, and I do
not believe that the ingenuity of all of them
together could bring up an argument, a state-
ment, a fact, an exhortation against that bill
which was not put into the debate; and the
complaint against us is that we let them talk
on, on, on. and did not reply to them 1
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this debate is rather a strange one in
the Senate of the United States. I was here
more than six years when the Democratic party
had a majority, an overwhelming majority in
this body, and we all know that they caucused
upon public measures. All parties have coun-
seled togetherlrom the time whereof the mem-
ory of man runneth not to the contrary. We,
too, have counseled together, but in all the
caucuses held by the Republican parly during
the last sixteen years the understanding has
always been, thi expression has always been,
that no man was bound by the result of any
vote in caucus on any public measure. The
efforts have been to bring measures into shape,
to obtain the voluntary and general consent of
members of the party in regard to forms ; but
every Senator, it is understood, reserves his
right to support or not to support a measure,
according to his own judgment. That idea
is often expressed and always understood.
The Senator from Californiayestetday—and
I was surprised at it—complained of us for
crowding measures through the hours of the
night. Sir, we have been compelled to hold
night sessions during the last, ten busy and
crowded years. During thesix years preceding
1861 there were quite as many night sessions,
and long night sessions, lasting through the
night, as there have been during the last ten
years.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had night sessions
in the House of Representatives at that time,
sitting all nisht sometimes.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly, night after night;
and we had sessions iu the Semite, many ami
many a night, duringthe years 1855,1856,1857,
aud 1858, during the great struggles of those
years. We who were then in the Opposition
were certainly very much more successful than
our friends on the other side have been in de-
feating measures. We were a small, united,
determined, and, I will add, sober band of men.
We could stay here all night, night after night
and day alter day, while there were many in
the majority who were accustomed to visit
"the hole in the waif" too often, and by
three or four o'clock in the morning they
would grow sleepy, go home, or sink into their
slumbers in the ante rooms or on the sofas.
By the time the sun rose in the morning they
were qujte ready to adjourn. Now, we are all
sober in the Senate, all good-tempered, both
in the majority and in the minority; and gen-
erally, after a, long and weary debate through
a night, we come to a vote. Measures have
been put through at night sessions always in
the history of this country, and probably it
always will be so. As measures crowd upon
Congress, those who are responsible for legis-
lation have to sit up late at night to carry their
measures through. We have no previous ques-
tion iu this bodj'.
Now, the gentlemen on the other side
seem to have an idea, which is a little more
definite than the vague idea they have liad for
some years on the subject, that they are com-
ing into poweratsome time. Ifthey come into
power they will have the responsibilities of
legislation, and I have no doubt they will not
only hold caucuses and confer, and that they
will do as we do, not bind their members by
the caucus any more than their judgments are
convinced, but that they will hold the minor-
ity here to sit often late at niglit and will have
to carry their measures in that way by some-
times remaining silent and letting the Opposi-
tion talk. These things are inevitable, aud I
do not think they ought to be complained of
on any side. I do not think anything is to be
made by spending our time here in discussing
them. It is the ordinary course of things, and
whoever is in power will do it.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know that it
is necessary to adopt this proposition moved
by the Senator from Rhode Island ; but if it
is, certainly it'is in the line of the purpose
for which the original resolution was passed,
and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Rhode
Island has referred to a Democratic caucus
held the other night, a joint caucus, aslie said.
Now, sir, while 1 do not feel mjself at liberty
to disclose what did take place there, I may,
following so safe an example on that point
as that of the Senator from Rhode Island,
disclose what did not, take place there. Tlie
Senator, I am sure, will be happy to hear that
no attempt to take a vote, or in any other re-
spect whatever, to bind the action or the con-
sciences of members in respect to the contem-
plated measure or any other was made. None
such would have succeeded had it been made,
That is all I have to say on that subject.
TheSenatorseemsto be proud of'theachieve-
metit—probably as a difficult one, 1 know not
any other merit which can be attributed to it—
of his party associates of this body during the
discussion of the last enforcement bill, when
they sat until two or three o'clock in the
morning, during the whole of a continuous
session, without answering a word. Sir, is
there any merit in that on the part of the dom-
inant majority in the Senate? If they had
anything to say for their bill why did they not
say it? Or was their silence the result of an
inability to defend what every one, I think,
except themselves, knows to be indefensible?
The Senator is thankful lhat the obligations of
a seat here do not include ihe duty of listening
to what is said or of answering it either. The
Senator knows better than I can undertake to
describe, how much of what may be said by his
associates is worthy of attention or of answer,
lie can speak for them. But 1 do not consent
that he shall speak for us. He will be candid
enough toadmil that our discussion, one-sided
