18T1-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Duke.
Ho. of Rbps.
V/ashington, President of the Convention and
delegate from Virginia, the once potent words
"Done in Convention, by the unanimous con-
sent of the Statesthat State which sacrificed
upon the altar of our common country more
of her material interests than any other, in
order to form a " more perfect Union," and
especially to "secure the blessings of liberty
to ourselves and our posterity;" representing
in part such a State, I should be more or less
than man if I could sit silently by, and, with-
out one word of protest, see her at one foul
blow struck from the roll of States, reduced to
a subjugated province, and rendered a help-
less prey to the vile harpies who stand ready
to fasten upon her vitals.
Sir, if there is one fact which stands out more
prominently than any other in regard to the
character of our Government, it is (lie fact
that this Union isaUnion of States, with equal
rights, powers, and privileges to each and all
of them. In the Constitution itself, in the
debates upon its formation by the Convention
and adoption by the States, respectively, in
all of the contemporaneous history surrounding
its ratification, in the political principles of
all parties prior to the war, this tact is clearly
admitted ; and even now the party in power
goes through the form at least of submitting
amendments to the several States for their
adoption. Sir, from the formation of the Con-
stitution down to the present time every act
of Congress commences with the words '' Be
it enactsd by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America
in Congress assembled," not provinces or di«-
tricts, but united States assembled together
in a Congress.
In the very .first line of the bill now proposed
the States united silently protest against
"The deep damnation of their taking off."
However Federalists or Republicans, Whigs
or Democrats, might differ in respect to the
extent of the powers vested in or the restric-
tions and limitations imposed upon the Gen-
eral Government, or in respect to the rights
reserved to the States, respectively, or the
people, no party, no man of any party, had
claimed, or hinted even, that these States were
not equal in all their rights, powers, and priv-
ileges ; and yet in the matter now before the
House, while an appearance of equality is
preserved, the entire argument of the other
side shows that this law is designed to be
applied to particular States alone, and in that
respect is in direct violation of the whole spirit
of the Constitution.
And first, sir, I will inquire, from what por-
tion of the Constitution do the advocates of
this bill seek to derive the constitutional power
to pass it? And here let me say that before
the argument commenced I remarked to gen-
tlemen on this side of the House that one of
the principal armories from which its advo-
cates would draw their weapons would be the
preamble to the Constitution, and I was not
disappointed In this expectation. But 1 did
not suppose that any gentleman would have
the temerity to draw upon the Declaration
of American Independence for weapons of
defense.
First, the Declaration proclaims that—
"When along train of abuses" and usurpations,
pursuing invariably the same object, evinces a de-
sign to reduce them [the people] under absslute
despotism, it is their right, it is their duty to throw
off such government and to provide new guards for
their future security."
I suppose it is from this clause, in part, that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
seeks, by this bill, to convert our Federal
Republic into a military despotism.
Second, the declaration charges that the
king—
" Had refused to pass laws for the accommodation
of large districts of the people unless those people
would relinquish the right of representation in the
legislature—a right invaluable to them and formi-
dable to tyrants only."
Was it from this clause that the gentleman
derived the power to deny to the southern
States representation in Congress for four long
years ?
8. Again, the king—
"Has dissolved representative houses repeatedly
for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the
rights of the people."
This act of the king was, I suppose, the pre-
cedent for the gentleman and his friends for
dissolving our legislative assemblies, dismis-
sing our judges,' and discharging from office
every State officer.
4. The king—
"Has refused, for a long time,after such dissolu-
tions, to cause others to bo elected: whereby the
legislative powers, incapable of annihilation, have
returned to the people at large for their exercise,
the State remaining in the mean time exposed to
all the dangers of invasion from without and con-
vulsions within."
I suppose the gentleman acted in imitation
of this clause when for years he prevented us
from organizing our governments, electing our
congressmen and legislators, and exposed us
to all the dangers of invasion of " carpet-bag-
gers" from without and convulsions of "scal-
awags" within.
5. " He has created a multitude of new offioes and
sent hither swarms <rf officers to harass our people
and eat out their substance."
This is exactly what the gentleman has done1,
or helped to do.
6. "He has kept among us in time of peaoestand-
ing armies, without the consebt of the Legislatures."
This is just what you have caused to be done.
7. "Ho has affected to render the military inde-
pendent of and superior to the civil power."
This is precisely what you propose to do in
this bill.
8. " He has combined with others to eubjeet us to
a jurisdiction foreign to our Constitution and unac-
knowledged by our laws; giving his assent to their
acts of pretended legislation."
Your carpet-baggers have combined with
our former slaves to subject us to a jurisdiction
foreign to our Constitution, and you have given
assent tq, their acts of pretended legislation.
9. "For quartering large bodies of armed troops
among us."
Just what you have done.
10. "For imposing taxes on us without our con-
sent."
You have done precisely the same thing ; for
while you denied to us representation in Con-
gress you continued to impose taxes upon us.
11. " For depriving us in many cases of the ben-
efit of trial by jurjj,"
. This is exactly what you have done and pro-
pose to do in this bill.
12. "For abolishing the free system of English
laws in a neighboring province, establishing therein
an arbitrary government and enlarging its bounda-
ries, so as to render it at once an example and fit
instrument for introducing the same absolute rule
into these Colonies."
Sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts and
his friends abolished the free system of Amer-
ican laws in the southern States, and estab-
lished therein arbitrary governments; and they
are now enlarging their boundaries so as to
render them at once examples and fit instru-
ments for introducing the same absolute rule
in all the States. And finally, you have taken
away our constitutions, you have abolished our
most valuable, laws, and are altering, funda-
mentally, the form of our government.
So much for the Declaration of Independ-
ence. I think if you will pardon me, Mr.
Speaker, I can best illustrate this matter by
an incident which I once heard of an old gen-
tleman of Massachusetts who was being toasted
and made much of as a.revolutionary soldier,
and at length an inquisitive Yankee pressed
him pretty closely as to the position which he
occupied in a certain engagement. It seemed
very hard, however, for him to make the in-
quirer understand the situation of things during
the fight. But the difficulty was quickly solved
when the old man declared that he " had fought
on the aide of the British." I am very certain
that the gentleman from Massachusetts, in re-
lying upon the Declaration of Independence,
is "fighting on the side of the British." For
I have shown that every evil complained of as
perpetrated by King George has been cjiosely
copied by the gentleman.
I come now to the second ground upon which
some of the gentlemen on the other side based
their constitutional argument, to wit, the pre-
amble. Now, Mr. Speaker, just here permit
me to remark that I have listened to many
debates during the last session, and it seems
to me that many gentlemen on the other side
of the House seem to think that the preamble
is the "Constitution," and they are not even
content with that as it is written, but they make
a slight emendation of the last clause, which
readB: "do ordain and establish this Consti-
tution of the United States of America;" and
they read it thus: "We, the people of the
United States, in order to form a more perfect
Union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, pro-
mote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity j
do ordain " that a majority of the Congress ot
the United States may, in their capacity of
supreme sovereigns and absolute masters of
the people, do whatever in their wisdom (or
folly) they may deem proper, in order to form
a more perfect Union, &c.
Now, sir, I ask any eandid man to read the
speeches delivered in this Hall within the last
few years, and say if this is not literally true.
This preamble thus amended constitutes the
"Alpha" and "Omega" of the original Con-
stitution, and all else is mere obsolete trash,
and rubbish, except the thirteenth, fourteenth,
andfifteenth amendments, which, togetherwith
the preamble, contain all their political gos-
pels, the preamble as amended being the old
testament and these three amendments consti-
tuting their gospel of the "new dispensation."
Sir, it is very true that the framers of the
Constitution did not have the advantage of
communing with-tliose great and shining lights,
the modern political philosophers] nor did
they possess that absolutely essential element
of free institutions, the free school, which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is
so anxious to thrust down our throats, along,
no doubt, with Massachusetts-made books,
which are not free, but arc to be paid for at a
handsome advance on prime cost. Not pos-
sessing, I say, these inestimable advantages,
yet they had a very large stock of a commodity
very much despised by the philosophers, to
wit, common sense. Now if the preamble con-
fere all the powers which are claimed for it,
why were the authors of the Constitution, who
had common sense and practical statesman-
ship, guilty of the folly and supererogation of
enacting the eighth section of the first article?
This eighth section defines the powers of Con-
gress, and why was it necessary to define these
powers if the preamble conferred all the powers
necessary "to form a more perfect Union?"
Why, also, was it necessary to insert the
tenth section of the first article, denying cer-
tain powers to the States? If the preamble
gave Congress plenary and absolute power
over the States, then there was no necessity for
this section, for if the States should exercise
any of these powers contrary to the wishes of
Congress it was only necessary for Congress
under this plenary power to forbid to the States
the exercise of these powers. Then, again,
if the preamble confers all the powers claimed,
why did the States so far stultify themselves
as to propose and adopt the ninth and tenth
amendments, the former of which provides
that "the enumeration in the Constitution of
certain rights.shall not be construed to deny
