1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
42b Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Duke.
Ho. of Reps.
shop is his own wicked and malignant heart,
and he manufactures foul slanders and base
calumnies against the people in whose midst
he is, and he sends them off to be disposed of in
the northern markets as veritable truths. But,
thank Godl the honest masses of the North,
both Democratic and Republican, are begin-
ning to find out that they have been cheated
and imposed upon. As a Representative of a
portion of the Conservative people of Virginia,
I say to the northern people, "Audi alteram,
partem."
Sir, these "carpet-baggers" from Virginia
talk of outrages. I state it upon my responsi-
bility as a man, and if your committee will
come to my district I will prove it, that greater
outrages are every day perpetrated upon Con-
servatives than any that ever have been per-
petrated upon Radicals. Sir, these very men
know that in nearly every county of Virginia
a colored man votes for a Conservative at the
risk of his life. If he does it he is probably
mobbed, and if not mobbedhe must beguarded
to his home ; and if no violence is used he is
outlawed by his color. Why, sir, in the last
election I know of several colored men whose
lives were threatened because they dared to
vote for Conservatives. Sir, in my own town
an honest, God fearing colored minister, from
personal friendship, chose to vote in the last
election for some of our Conservative candi-
dates ; and what took place? On the next
Sabbath, when he rose in the pulpit and was
about to expound the word of God, he was
met by a storm of hisses.
Some of these Radical political parsons have
gone so far as to excommunicate their mem-
bers who voted the Conservative ticket, and
for the same reason have denied to others the
right of ministering in religious matters, and
yet these creatures come here and whine about
outrages. And now one word as to the poor
" scalawag." But first, sir, all native Repub-
licans are not scalawags. There are some
few gentlemen who in their early lives were
petrified by their fears of the "fierce democ-
racy," and being still haunted by this fear,
they have actually persuaded themselves into
the belief that because the party in power calls
itself Republican it really advocates "repub-
lican principles." Then there are others who
think that the Constitution of the United
States has been entirely subverted by the war,
and that the party in power having erected
upon the ruins of the constitutional Union a
grand military despotism, it is safer and better
for the people of the South to range themselves
upon the side of this tremendous power.
There may be much in recent legislation, and
that now proposed to justify them in this con-
clusion, yet i cannot concur with them for
reasons which I will presently give. These
classes are not scalawags; the scalawag is the
poor political "Lazarus" who is content to
feed upon the crumbs which fall from the table
of the carpet-bagger. These are men upon
whose secret slanders it is proposed to outlaw
more than half the people of a great State, and
all because a majority of the people of the State
do not choose to surrender all power to those
creatures.
What evidence is before this House in re-
gard to Virginia? All that I can find is con-
tained in the message of the President, sent to
the Senate January 13, 1871, (see Executive
Document, Forty-First Congress, third ses-
sion.) Hereit is, sir:
"January 11,1866, General Alfred H. Terry, com-
manding department of Virginia, transmits a list of
outrages committed by white people upon blanks,
and vice versa, as reported by district commanders ;
enumerates forty-eight cases, mostly assaults, burg-
lary, larceny, and several murders.
" January 27,1866, General Terry transmits supple-
mental report of outrages in his department, as fur-
nished by officers of the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands, showing twenty-two
cases of assault, &c.
" December 29,1866, Thomas Maxwell, postmaster
at Rectortown Station, Virginia, recites to the Sec-
retary of War the particulars of brutal treatment
practiced upon him by James E. Rector and others,
said outrages being directed toward Mr. Maxwell
in consequence of Sis having taken an oath to servo
the Government of the United States in his capacity
as postmaster, and for being thoroughly a Unionist."
Now, sir, let us turn to Massachusetts, two
of whose Representatives at least seem so
anxious to suppress " southern outrages." I
quote now from "Public Document, Massa-
chusetts, 1869," which any gentleman can find
in the Library. I find for the year ending
September 80, 1869, the following list of
offenses:
Offenses against the person, felonious..  383
Offenses against the person, not felonious 6,937
Offenses against property 4,993
Offenses against the currency and criminal
frauds    293
Offenses against public justice  107
Offenses against public peace 1,196
And now, sir, what comes next? I pray you
tell it not in Gath, publish it not in the streets
of Askelon, and, above all, do not whisper it
in -yonder Rotunda; for were you to do so
Elder Brewster would shut his Bible in despair
and the spirit of old Miles Standish might
stalk forth from the canvas, sword in hand, and
inflict on his degenerate descendants a venge-
ance more summary than he ever inflicted upon
the aborigines of Massachusetts.
The next item is " offenses against chastity,
morality, and decency," 20,373; then we have
offenses against public policy, 4,521; and lastly,
other offenses, 4,255, making in all the enorm-
ous sum of 42,948 in one year. I will now
give the statistics from the district of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
who is afflicted with "the horrors" in regard
to the South; and I find the following lists :
Murder  7
Assault with intent to kill  2
Assault with intent to ravish  3
Assault with intent to rob  3
Mayhem  2
Felonious assault  7
Assault, aggravated  7
Robbery    6
Burglary, not being armed  22
Larceny  350
Larceny in building  44
Larceny from person  7
Forgery  7
Assault with dangerous weapons  3
Assault on officer  30
Assault, and assault and battery  852
Entering in the night without breaking, or
breaking and entering in day with intent  78
Malicious mischief  73
Malicious trespass  52
Receiving stolen goods  12
Embezzlement  8
Perj ury  4
Adultery  29
Polygamy  8
Fornication  13
Indecent exposure  2
Houses of ill-fame  5
Lewdness  22
Burning in day public building  3
Cruelty  28
False pretenses  11
Procuring abortion  1
Disorderly houses  5
Common scold  3
Common night-walker   1
Leivd and lascivious cohabitatioh  2
Neglect of family  3
Disorderly meeting  7
Idle and disorderly persons  5
Disturbing school  270
Illegal arrests  1
Fraud in conveyancing  2
Carrying slung-shot  1
Disturbing the peace  243
Common drunkards    116
Drunkenness  2325
Vagabonds  90
Gaming  77
Liquor-selling  304
Liquor-keeping  167
Liquor-carrying  8
Liquor nuisance    55
Sunday-law violation  67
Selling unwholesome provisions  1
Peddling  33
Burningwoods  3
Appropriation unlawful ."  8
Other offenses  500
This is the long dreary catalogue for Essex
countyalone. 1 have, no doubt, omitted some
items in the account. Upon looking over the list
it is difficult to conjecture what those " othex
offenses" were. I suppose they would not do
to be named. Now, sir, if the gentleman from
Essex will rake my district from one end to
the other, I do not thmk he will be able-to find
a catalogue to compare with this ; if it reaches
half the amount I shall be surprised. Well
may we say:
"Oh, wad some power the gift wad gie us
To see oursels as others see us 1
It wad frae monie a blunder free us.
♦t An foolish notion."
Let us come now to the consideration of
this bill. And X observe first that it is more
dangerous, because more artful, than the de-
formed abortion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I trust the House will pardon me
if I personify these bills. I would call one the
Caliban, and the other the polished Iago of
legislation; and I prefer Caliban, the brute,
to honest Iago.
The bill of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts comes with the bold, bluff defiance to all
law of the highwayman, and cries to the people
of the South, "Stand and deliver!"
The bill of the gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses to give to the President of a republic the
right, at his mere will and pleasure, to admin-
ister to the people of all the States those power-
ful narcotics so dear to the hearts of that class
of ferocious philanthropists of which Wendell
Phillips is a representative man, to wit, shot
and shell, grape and shrapnel, ball and bayo-
nets. Better the bold highwayman than the
blood-letting doctor.
Sir, we are told that the great boa-constric-
tor, seizing its victim, coils itself around its
body aud crushing it to death covers it with
slime, and then swallows it. And thus, sir, the
party of consolidation has for years been grad-
ually infolding in its deadly coils the States
of this Union, and this bill is the last coil.
Should it become a law the monster may at
any time tighten its grasp and the States will
lay crushed, mangled, and lifeless in its em-
brace, and it will only be necessary to cover
these lifeless bodies with the slime of political
pimps and placemen in order to perform the
last act of deglutition. Sir, this monster of con-
solidation was the one great fear of the fathers,
but that which they saw only in dim distant
and shadowy outline is to us an actual, living,
horrible presence.
The first section of this bill was designed
by its author, and will be construed by your
Federal courts, as transferring all actions of
law and suits in equity and all offenses against
the person or property from the State to the
Federal courts.
What are the provisions of this first section ?
They are, in brief—
"That any person who shall subject or cause to
be subjected any person, within tbe jurisdicton of
the United States, to the deprivation of any rights,
privileges, or immunities secured by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, shall be liable to the party
injured in any action at law or suit in equity; or
other proceeding for redress."
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of
this House to the artful interpolation upon the
Constitution contained in this section. The
original text of the Constitution and the four-
teenth amendment both use the terms " privi-
leges " and "immunities," and none other.
Why was not this language adhered to ? Was
there not an object in interpolating the words
"any rights." The meaning of the term
"privileges and immunities" had been well
defined, and is well illustrated in the case cited
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, Corfund
vs. Coryell in 4 Wash. C. C. R., 380.
The judge says one of the privileges secured
was the "right to sue in the State courts."
Now, sir, I ask, were not the words "any right"
interpolated in order to give color of jurisdic-
tion to the Federal courts in all cases whatever?
If, however, I am wrong in this inference I
should be obliged to the author of this bill to
