330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
Hence names "are of little import; for it is
principles which constitute a party, not a name.
Names are as often chosen to conceal prinei
pies as to represent them.
That crimes are committed is true. The
existence of jails and penitentiaries, the fre-
quent announcement of murders and execu-
tions, the number of persons mysteriously
assassinated, the assassin escaping without
detection, as in the Nathan murder in New
York, and in similar outrages in the South,
all prove that crime exists in the land. But,
sir, when did not crime exist ?
But the number and character of offenses
are willfully exaggerated. For my own part I
am no apologist for crime, whether committed
in the South or in the North. When commit-
ted in the South or in the North I trust that
the criminals may be brought to speedy justice
by trial and condemnation before tribunals of
competent jurisdiction. For, if they be not
tried by such tribunals, then the act of con-
demnation is itself a crime, and the greater,
because committed under the pretended guise
of law.
Our own experience, Mr. Speaker, during
the last few weeks ought to teach us how easy
it is to manufacture calumnies. The most
startling charges made against the Ku Klux
dwarf when compared with the grave accusa-
tions deliberately made by the member fiom
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] made in writ-
ing, printed and laid upon the desk of each
member of the House. What, sir, was the
charge? The member making it shall answer
for himself. General Botler, in giving the
reasons why he declined to vote for or serve
upon the committee of investigation in regard
to southern outrages, said :
"Second, because this committee was raised by a
combination of the high-tarilf llepublicaoswitli
the Democracy, the one class willing: to permit the
slaughter and extermination of their political friends
in the South, if the tariff could be saved, even lor
nine months."
Now, sir, this charge was not made under
the heat of passion, but with calm delibera-
tion. It was reduced to writing by night. It
was printed and laid upon the desk of each
member of this House 011 the morning of the
day after the committee had been appointed.
What is this charge? That the majority of the
Republican members upon this floor conspired
with the majority of the Democrats, tor what?
To secure the slaughter and extermination of
the Republican party of the South.
What was General Boiler's next charge?
He says:
"And the Democracy acting with them [the Ee-
public&nsj in pursuance of a deliberate plan, care-
fully concocted, m my bcliel. to murder and outrage
enough. Union men of the South to overcome, by
fear, intimidation, and injury, the Republican ma-
jority at the next presidential election, well know-
ing that this committee can do thein no harm, and
that it will furnish un excuse to the tariff Republic-
ans to vote with them for an early adjournment,
without legislation to protect Union men in the
rebel States."
Sir, I denounce this charge as an atrocious
calumny, not only against the Democratic
party, but against a majority of the Republican
members on this lloor. Sir, it appears to me
that such a charge coming from such a source,
a charge deliberately made, ought to teach us
to be very cautious in receiving as true any
charges hereafter made by that member, or
the truthfulness of any charges made npon
wild rumors against, the people of the South.
But we were told that not only are common
murders and common crimes committed in the
South, but that there are political offenses com-
mitted there. If suchbethetruth, and in some
cases it probably is so, who is responsible, who
islo blame? There is no justification for them.
But I maintain, sir, that if such offenses are
committed tbeyhave been caused in good part
by the mistaken legislation of Congress; for
the Federal Legislature, forgetting that ours
is a republican Government, a Confederacy of
republican States, under a written Constitu-
tion, basedj as all republics are, upon public
virtiTs, npon the principle of reason and con-
sent—the Federal Legislature, I say, in 1866,
commenced what is known as reconstruction,
a system based on the vital principle of despot-
ism—fear, fear inspired by force.
In 1867, two years after the war had closed,
an act was passed dividing the States of the
South into what? Military, divisions, subject
to military law, and none other. Civil courts
were abolished, and the life, liberty, and prop-
erty of the citizens were put at the mercy of
military commissions. Protests were made
against the violation of the Constitution at
that time. The answer was that the southern
States had forfeited their rights. How? By
secession and war. But, sir, what have we
to-day? A proposition not only to turn over
the southern States to military domination,
but it is proposed to authorize the President,
at his own discretion, to establish military
rule over New York, Massachusetts, Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, Illinois, or any other State or
States, as he may desire. And I would say
to Republican gentlemen on this floor—for I
am satisfied that a majority of.them are against
this bill—I bid them remember, when they
record their votes in its favor, that they not
only authorize the President of the United
States to establish military rule and military
courts in Virginia, but in Ohio; not only in
Mississippi, but in New York; not only in
Louisiana, but in Maine, and in every other
State of this Union.
Sir, in a free government the approaches of
despotism are always stealthy. The usurper
does not at first proclaim his purposes. He
incases his iron hand in a silken glove. He
advances step by step until a too confiding
people, with their rights, lie prostrate at his
feet. We have an instructive lesson in the con-
dition of France at the present time. It was
but a few years ago when Louis Napoleon ap-
peared in the French Assembly as a represent-
ative of republican principles bordering upon
license. He was a republican deputy. Time
passed, and, pretending to advocate the cause
of the people, he became a candidate for the
office of prince president. He was elected.
Time went on, and after being a republican
deputy and prince president, backed by half
a million bayonets, he became a candidate for
emperor, universal suffrage having been first
proclaimed ; and by the bayonethe was elected
to the throne. He then proclaimed a senti-
ment intended to deceive the people of Europe
and of the world. What was it? " TJempire
c'est la paix." And it is ominous, sir, that
our President adopted the Napoleonic motto
in four other words, "Let us have peace;"
and while uttering it he ordered armed columns
and gun-boats against the cities of New York
and Philadelphia, to teach a free people how
to vote!
Now, sir, before proceeding to discuss the
bill under consideration, I desire to consider
the action of the House prior to the date of the
President's late message. Before the opening
of the present Congress it was rumored that
the President would send a message to Con-
gress recommending legislation in reference
to what are charged as Ku Klux outrages. At
the very moment that this House was being
organized a whisper ran through the House,
from seat to seat, "We are to have a message
from the President." Why? "General But-
ler, his confidential adviser, is closeted with
the President, and under his dictation the mes-
sage will come." Sir, the message at that
time did not come. The sentiment of the House
was against any legislative action on the sub-
ject without information. The sentiment of
the majority of the Republican members on
the floor was against any such action, as was
proved by their votes. A resolution was adopted
to appoint a committee of investigation, a
committeeofthirteen. Whenitwas announced
the member from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] appointed chairman of the committee,
rose in his place and refused to serve, and six
out of eight of the Republican members of the
committee asked to be and were excused.
I propose to recur for a single moment to the
calumny, to the reason given by the member
from Massachusetts why he was not willing to
serve upon that committee. lie gave among
other reasons the following:
" I shall not serve on that committee, being con-
vinced, as I am, that no good, but harm only, can
come of it to the Republican party."
Why could harm come through investigation
to the" Republican party? Because he knew,
and knows now, as the country knows, that
these calumnies against the whole people of
the South are manufactured falsehoods, and
that investigation would prove them to be so.
Well, sir, after the passage of the House
resolution, and the refusal of six of the eight
Republican members to serve on the commit-
tee of investigation, a resolution came from
the Senate for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee, which also passed the House, thug
again showing that this body was against legis-
lation on this subject without investigation.
Then, to the surprise of every one, there came
a message from the President; and it waa
whispered about that Mr. Butler and Mr.
Morton had been in council with him, and,
contrary to the wishes of a majority of the
Republicans in Congress, the message was the
result. It was a great triumph for the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] a
triumph which demonstrated that if he is not
leader here he is master somewhere else.
Now, sir, this message, which is the basis
of the bill now before the House, charges, first,
that life and property are insecure in some of
the States, not one fact being given to sustain
the charge. The second allegation in the mes-
sage is that carrying the mails in the South is
dangerous; no fact stated to sustain the charge.
But it is known to the country that in one sin-
gle instance, in Kentucky, and nowhere else,
toward the latter part of the month of January,
as stated by Senator Stevenson, four persons,
supposed to have been soldiers in the Union
Army, feeling outraged at the appointment
of a negro to the position of route agent, for
which they had applied and had not been ap-
pointed—that these four men, one of whom
was armed, in violation of the laws, for which
violation I hope they may be punished, rode
up to the ears, and one of them assailed this
negro mail carrier.
This was about the 26th of January last.
What action was taken in the premises? Dur-
ing the month of January none. The fact
was known at Washington, was known to the
President, was known to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, was known to the President's Cabinet.
Yet January passed, February passed, and not
until nearly the middle of the month of March
were the mails withdrawn on the route from
Lexington to Louisville. And on that late
day, although no new offense had been com-
mitted, by order of the Postmaster General the
mail was stopped. Why? It has been determ-
ined to irritate the people of that State into
some act of indiscretion. But, although trade
suffered and business was embarrassed, the
people bore the wrong with patience.
In this connection let me ask another ques-
tion : Why is it that Kentucky, and not Ohio
or Illinois or Pennsylvania, was selected as
the place where a negro route agent should
be appointed? Will not the country believe
that it was intended as an aggravation to
the people of that State ? I denounce the act
of the man who assaulted the mail-carrier, but
I think that every honest man within the sound
of my voice must believe that the appointment-
of that negro mail-carrier was a premeditated
means to create disturbance.
Sir, we have seen that the judgment of a
majority of the Republicans of this House was
against legislation 011 this subject until facts
could be obtained which would justify it; and
if the charges against the South were found to
be false then not to legislate at all. The ques-
