18T1:]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIOUAL GLOBE.
93
42x> Gong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Duhe.
Ho. op Reps.
What a contrast between these grand utter-
ances of a British freeman and the arguments
we have he*rd upon this floor in support of
martial law 1 In the next place, this section,
after conferring upon the President the right
of determining when a rebellion exists in any
portion of the country, gives him the right to
declare and enforce martial law, subject to the
Bules and Articles of War and " other laws of
the United States now in force applicable in
case of rebellion." The law of 1861, which au-
thorizes the President to call forth the militia
and use the land and naval forces of the United
States in suppressing the rebellion, is still in
force, and having the right to declare that re-
bellion exists, he has the right to make war to
suppress it. Thus the Congress of the United
States, which alone has the war-making power,
has abdicated that authority, and has con-
ferred upon the President the absolute power
of making war upon our own people. If this
is not despotism, then what is ?
But we are asked, why not intrust this power
to the President; he will not abuse it ? Are
gentlemen serious in this ? Do you mean to
say that you are willing to confer upon the
President powers not warranted by the Con-
stitution because he will not abuse them?
"What, then, becomes oftheoathsyou have taken
to support the Constitution of the United
States? In a republic no man, however great
or good he may be, should be invested with
arbitrary power. But, sir, what do we see?
Why, sir, a few days since I was in the Senate
Chamber, and I there saw the Ajax Telamon
[Mr, Sumner] and the young Achilles [Mr.
SchttrzJ of the Republican party attacking the
President because he had violated the Consti-
tution of his country in attempting a political
rape upon that dusky maid Dominica, while
his armed myrmidons stood by with their guns
pointed at the breast of her black mother,
Hayti, to stifle her cries, and the best defense
his friends could make seemed to be an attempt
to show a case of seduction, and not of rape.
But, sir, in Virginia we have had some ex-
perience as to the manner in which the Exec-
utive has already used the military power.
Since that State has been admitted to repre-
sentation in this House, and restored to all of
her rights as a State, he has used the military
to retain his political friends iti office, against
the express will of her people and of her Exec-
utive. Do gentlemen desire the proof? It
will be found in the correspondence between
the Governor of Virginia and General Canby,
in March, 1870. Here, sir, is the first letter
of the Governor to General Canby :
Commonwealth op Virginia,
Executive Department,
Richmond, March 19,1870.
Sib: From the morning: press, and from other
sources, I learn that a military force under your
eommand has been interposed to prevent the mayor
of this city, elected, qualified, and acting under the
laws of the State, from the proper discharge of his
duties, and with the seeming intention ot enabling
another person, a mere pretender to that office, to
discharge the "current business" of the office. As
there has been no request by the Legislature or any
of the civil authorities of the State for military aid,
I cannot understand how or why the military forces
of the United States should be employed in such a
case, or why a military officer of the United States
should discriminate against a recognized civil officer
in favor of one not recognized as an officer by the
laws or the constituted authorities of the State.
As Governor of the Commonwealth, I ask, by what
law or authority you have taken such action ?
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
G. 0. WALKER,
Governor of the State of Virginia,
Major General Canby, Commanding, &c.
And here are extracts from General Canby's
repiy:
"IIeadquaetees, Department of Virginia,
Richmond, Virginia, March I'J.'ISTO.
His Excellency the Governor of Virginia:
"Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge thoreoeipt
this morning, at ten thirty-five o'clock, of your com-
munication of this dato, stating that 'from the morn-
ing press, and from other sources, X [you] learn that
a military force under your [my] command has been
interposod to prevent the mayor of this city, duly
elected, qualified, and acting under the laws of the
State, from the proper discharge of his duties, and
with the seeming intention of enabling another per-
son, a mere pretender to that office, to discharge the
"current business" of that office,' and to state that
theinterposition of the military force referred to in
your communication was taken under the circum-
stances and for the purpose indicated in the letter
to Mr. Ellyson of yesterday, a copy of which I under-
stood was at the time communicated to your Excel-
lency, with this protest." * * * * *
"The warrant for that action is the instructions of
the President of the United States and the Secretary
of War, to the distrietand department commandery,
and the precedents established heretofore, taken
under the authority of suoh instructions in precisely
similar cases, some of which I have already had the
honor to cite to your Excellency. These instruc-
tions are, substantially, that until the legal questions
involved in any controversy of this kind are solved
there can be no action by the military except by
such interposition between the contesting parties as
may be necessary to prevent breaches of the peace
and hostile collisions between citizens, and to the
end that in any event peace inay be preserved."
It will be seen from this that General Canby,
acting, as he says, under orders from the Pres-
ident, interposes in order to aid in the preserv-
ation of the peace. Now, mark you, there
had been no breach of the peace; the State
authorities felt abundautly able to preserve the
peace, and did not call for or desire theinter-
position of the military. And yet they step
in in order to preserve the peace, which had
not been broken, and thereby retain in office
the political friends of the President. To this
letter Governor Walker replies, that under the
Constitution and laws of the United States
the military can only intervene when called
upon by the State authorities, that there is no
necessity of their intervention, and that he ia
abundantly able to preserve the peace. To
which General Canby replies as follows:
"IIeadquartebs, Department op Virginia,
Richmond, March 20, 1870.
His Excellency Gilbert C. Walker,
Governor of Virginia:
"Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt this morning of your communication of yes-
terday.
"I concur fully in your statement of the constitu-
tional and statute laws in relation to the employment
of the military arm of Government against invasion
and domestic violence. The rules in that respect,
and in relation to the aid that may be given the
civil authorities in the service of the process or in
the enforcement of the decree of th^civil court, are
clearly laid down; but the instructions of the Presi-
dent and of the Secretary of War, referred to in my
communication of yesterday, relate more particu-
larly to different and exceptional case*, where one
or the other of the parties to a contest disregard the
usual legal remedies and seek to establish or to
maintain their rights by other means. Cases of this
kind have not been unfrequent in the States tbat
were engaged in the rebellion, and your own observ-
ation has no doubt shown you that they have oc-
curred in other States, although the instructions
referred to relate specially to the former.
" The duty imposed upon military commanders in
cases of this kind is to make timely disposition of
troops when there is reason to apprehend a neces-
sity for their use, and by their passive interposition
between hostile parties avert the dangers of collision.
' Department commanders, and in cases of neoesaity
their subordinates, are expected in this regard to
exercise upon their own responsibility a wise dis-
cretion, to the end that in any event the peace may
be preserved,' leaving all legal-questions involved
in the controversy to be settled by the appropriate
civil tribunals."
It will be observed from thw that the mili-
tary commander, merely because he feared a
"collision," '"interposed a military force,"
and thereby encouraged a mere pretender in
his resistance to the lawful authorities of the
State.
In view of the principles laid down by Gen-
eral Canby, and, as it would seem, approved
by the Executive, I would advise members of
this House to abate somewhat the ardor of
debate, lest the President, through "fear of
collision," might make "timely disposition
of troops," and by their "passive interposi-
tion between hostile parties, avert the dangers
of such collision." Now, sir, if gentlemen
will compare these letters with those to the
naval commanders near San Domingo, issfied
about the same time, they, will find a ''damn-
able iteration " in the views of the Executive in
regard to the " interposition " of the military.
I now propose to show that the Executive,
when called upon, in exact accordance with
the Constitution and laws, "to interpose"
and aid by the military the " enforcement of
the laws," refused to do so. I can best do
this by quoting from Governor Walker's last
message:
." On the 24th of March last, in response to a resolu-
tion of the house of delegates, I transmitted to that
body a communication, from whioh I quote the fol-
lowing language:
"'During the late war, by authority of the Freed-
men's Bureau or other Federal authority, a large
number of colored people were settled, and have
ever since continued to reside upon, a plantation
known as Taylor's farm, in Norfolk county, and
upon a plantation known as Celey Smith's farm, in
Elizabeth City county. When the functions of tho
Freodmen's Bureau ceased these people were left
in possession of these properties, supposing, as they
claim, and no doubt honestly, in their ignorance of
right and law, that they had a right to the same,
because of the authority by which they had been
put in possession; and they were not disabused of
this idea, as they ought to have been, by these au-
thorities, Several unsuccessful attempts were made
to peaceably remove these people and restore the
possession of the property to the rightful owners.
Finally, ejectment suits were instituted in the civil
courts, and judgmonts rendered, prior to the restora-
tion of the State to representation in Congress in
January last; but, for causes to me unknown, writs
of possession were not executed, and an attempt
lately made to execute such writs by the sheriff of
Elizabeth City county was met with armed resist-
ance by these colored people. These occupants
declare that they were put in possession of this prop-
erty by the United States, and that they will yield
possession only to the United States Government, or
by its authority."
In consequence of this the Governor recom-
mended that the General Assembly should re-
quest the President to furnish such military
lorce as would enable the sheriffs of the coun-
tieB named to execute the legal process of the
courts in these cases. And on the 25th of
March, 1§"0, the Legislature passed ajoint res-
olution, in accordance with the suggestion of
the Governor, which was promptly transmitted
to the President of the United States. The
military were sent, and with their aid the
sheriff executed the process in Elizabeth City.
Troops were then sent to the aid of the sheriff
of Norfolk county, but by direction of the Pres-
ident, were withdrawn without the consent of
the Governor, as is shown by the following cor-
respondence:
Fortress Monroe, June 22,1S70.
His Excellency Gilbert C. Walker,
Governor of Virginia:
In obedience to a telegraphic order from the hon-
orable the Secretary of War, X have this day re-
called tho detachment of troops sent by me to th©
Taylor farm to protect theshenff of Norfolk county.
WILLIAM F. BARRY.
And at about tho same time I received from the
sheriff of Norfolk county the following telegram:
Norfolk, Virginia June 22, 1870.
His Excellency G. 0. Walker,
Governor of Virginia:
Captain Piper, commanding United States forces,
sent to assist me, has been ordered back, and not to
render the sheriff any further asssistanee. What
must I do—carry outtne law and execute the bal-
ance of the writs? I have displaced two thirds and
torn down the buildings; TroopsJeft atG.30 n. m.
T. W. MAY11EW,
Sheriff, ( Taylor'8 Farm.)
I at once telegraphed the sheriff to hold hi3 posi-
tion, but without bloodshed, if possible, and at tho
same time sent a telegram to the Secretary of War,
of which the following is a copy:
Commonwealth op Virginia,
Executive Chambers, Richmond, June *2'2,1870,
The Hon. Secretary of War, Washington, J). C. :
I have received this morning the following tele-
grams ;
Norfolk, Virginia, June 25,1870.
Hi3 ExceHency Q. C. Walker,
(rovernor of Virginia :
Captain Piper, commanding United States forces,
sent to assist me, has been ordered back, and not tc
render the sheriff any further assistance. What
must I do—carry out the law and execute the bal-
ance of the writs? I have displaced two thirds and
torn down the buildings. Troops left at 0,30 a. m.
T, W. MAYHEW,
Sheriff, {Taylor's Farm.)
