1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
tion to be determined now is whether Con-
gress is a coordinate branch of ihe Govern-
ment; whether the Legislature is an independ-
ent branch of this Government, or whether
we are living under the domination of a mon-
arch who issues his edicts which we have to
obey.
I have not time to go through this bill sec-
tion by section, and only propose to glance
at the third and fourth sections and of the
articles of the Constitution under which it is
claimed to be framed.
. The third section of this bill proposes to
invest the President of the United States with
discretionary power, without any check of any
kind, either State or Federal, to determine
under what circumstances he shall employ
the Army, the Navy, the militia, or use any
other means to suspend the laws of a State, to
abolish its courts and to establish military com-
missions in their stead. What, sir, is a mili-
tary commission? It is a tribunal which may
try, convict, and execute a man within the same
hour; it has absolute control over life, liberty,
and property. And you propose by this bill to
confer upon one man the power to abolish
your courts, not only in the South, but in every
State of the North and the West, at his own
discretion, by his own unrestrained will, with-
out any official information from any State as
to what may be its internal condition 1
Now, sir, I deny that there is in the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States any power conferred
which authorizes the President to use the
Army, the Navy, and the militia against the
people of a State without having been first
called upon by the Legislature, or the Governor
of that State, there being no time to convene
the Legislature. The fourteenth article of
amendment, under which it is claimed by the
advocates of this bill that this power is given,
is as follows :
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges orimmunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law."
Is there any power conferred there, unless
it be to go into the courts for redress against a
violation of these rights? And if there be
domestic violence which the State cannot sup-
press, how is the President to know whether
within the limits of any State life, liberty, and
property have been taken from the citizen
without due process of law? The Constitu-
tion itself provides how it shall be done. We
find in the fourth section of the fourth article
of the Constitution that it is provided that—
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in thisUnion a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion; and on
application of the Legislature, or the Executive
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
Here it will be observed that so jealous is
the Constitution of the rights and liberties of
the people, that it does not allow the Presi-
dent to interfere, even on the application of
the Governor of a State, except when the
Legislature cannot be convened. The power
proposed by this bill to be conferred on the
President is despotic. It is to place him on
a footing with the Czar, the Sultan, and the
Mogul. And do you intend to break down all
the barriers which protect your constituents,
to place the President above the Constitution,
and announce to the world that this is a Gov-
ernment of force, and not of law ?
So, in the fourlh section of the bill, the
President is authorized, at his own discretion,
of his own will and option, to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus in time of peace, and estab-
lish martial law in any district, in any State or
States of the Union, either North or South, at
his sole discretion.
Now, sir, for the third allegation in the
President's message. He says there is danger
in the collection of the revenues. Sir, I hold
in my hand the official reports of Major Gen-
eral Halleck, commanding the military divis-
ion of the South, for the years 18G9 and 1870.
He says:
"After a careful examination of all the evidence
I have been able to collect from official reports and
the statements of officers and citizens, unbiased by
partisan feelings, I am forced to the conclusion that
the amount of crime committed in the several
States of the division is very little greater than
before the rebellion, and certainly no greater than
was reasonably to be expected at the close of an
embittered and prolonged civil war, when large
numbers of lawless and desperate characters, both
at the North and in the South, were turned loose
upon society without any legitimate means of sup-
port. Certain districts of country may, and prob-
ably do, form exceptions to this general remark; but
even of these exceptional cases very few have any
partisan character or political significance. Those
who murder and rob do so simply n,s murderers and
robbers, influenced by the motives which ordinarily
incite men to commit these crimes. One of the
worst desperadoes in Kentucky served in the Union
Army during the war; but he and his band now rob
and murder rebels and loyalists alike, as may best
suit their purposes, at one time claiming to be
Ku Klux, and at another to be anti Ku Klux.
Although thore may be special organizations of
outlaws in particular localities under the name of
Ku Klux, I am of the opinion that no such genera,1
organization now exists in the southern States. It
is probable, however, that outlaws not unfrequently
assume this name in order to intimidate the weak
and credulous, especially when calculated to in-
crease their own importance.
"In regard to the interference of military officers
in local difficulties, under the pleas of maintaining
peace and good order, I think that no such military
interference should be permitted except on the
requisition of the Governor of a State, and by order
of the President, as provided by law. The principal
occupation of the troops in certain localities has
been in assisting revenue officers to execute the rev-
enue laws. It is very natural that these officers
should call lor the assistance of troops whenever
they can get it, for by this means they avoid danger
and trouble, and increase their own emoluments at
the expense of military appropriations."
In his report of 1870, the last he has sub-
mitted, General Halleck further says ;
" It may be proper to remark, in this place, that I
liave been assured by Federal civil officers that the
use of troops in executing judicial process and
enforcing therevenue and other civil laws seems to
increase rather than diminish the apparent neces-
sity of resorting to such torce in civil matters. The
ill disposed become more and more exasperated at
being coerced by a force which they think has been
unconstitutionally employed against them, and the
better disposed relax their efforts to punish local
crimes on the plea that this duty now devolves on
the military. Hence, in the case of a robbery or a
murder, there is a call for Federal troops to arrest
and guard the criminals. It is therefore a question
well worthy of consideration whether the military,
in civil matters,should not be limited to afewwell-
defined cases, such as riots and insurrections which
cannot besuppressed by local and State authorities."
He has before said that such military aid
should be rendered only on the call of the
Governor or of the Legislature of the State.
Here, sir, is the official testimony of Gen-
eral Halleck, who for more than two years had
been in command of the military division of
the South. These are his reports, officially
made to the War Department from his head-
quarters in the South. He is no partisan ; lie
is no candidate for office; there is no second
term to which he aspires. As the commander
of the military division of the South, he offi-
cially states that there is no Ku Klux organ-
ization in the South of a political character ;
that these armed desperadoes are alike com-
posed of lawless men of the Union or of the
confederate army, as the case may be.
Mr. Speaker, no gentleman upon this floor
will deny that one month after the close of the
war peace and security existed from Maine
to the Rio Grande. I wait for a reply. No
gentleman contradicts my statement; but I
will produce my authority, a letter written
May 25,1865, by General Sherman to Colonel
Bowman. He says:
" I do want peace and security, and the return to
law and justice from Maine to the Rio Grande ; and
if it does not exist now, substantially, it is for state
reasons beyond my comprehension."
I hold in my hand another authority, for
which my friends on the other side will have
respect. It is a report made on the 22d of July,
1865, and signed " U. S. Grant, Lieutenant
General." General Grant says;
"General Lee's great influence throughout the
whole South caused hisexamplc to bo followed, and
to-day the result is that the armies lately under his
leadership are at their homes, desiring peace and
quiet, and I heir arms are in the hands of our ord-
nance offioers."
He say3 that the armies of the confederacy
were at their homes, desiring "peace and
quiet," and "their arms are in the hands of
our ordnance officers."
But, sir, I do not stop here. I hold in my
hand another official report made by General
Grant, in December, 1865, after he had made
a tour through the southern States ; and what
does he say?
"My observations load mo to the conclusion that
the citizens of the southern States are anxious to
return to self-government, within the Union, as soon
as possible; that whilereconstructing they want and
require protection from the Government; that they
are in earnest in wishing to do what they think is
required by the Government, not humiliating to
them as citizens."
General Grant further says:
"And if such course were pointed out they would
pursue it in good faith."
This was in December, 1865. This state of
things continued for a year; and, singular to
say, the first act of aggression against the
South, the first law made to keep the leaders
of the Republican party in power, without
regard to the interests of the Union or of the
people, was the act of April 9, 1866, just one
year after the surrender of Lee. Then fol-
lowed, in 1867, the act abolishing courts of
law and establishing military government in
the southern States, subjecting the people of
those ten States to the military laws of the
United States : putting their lives, liberty, and
property at the mercy of military commis-
sions.
Sir, I have quoted authorities which will not
be questioned ; but, I am not yet through. I
hold in my hand the message of the President
of the United States, sent to the last session
of the Forty-First Congress, dated December
5, 1870, in which he says that "a year of
peace and general prosperity to this nation has
passed since the last assembling of Congress."
This comes from the President, who now asks
you to give him power to declare martial law
in all the States of the Union at his own dis-
cretion.
Nor do I rest here. I have stated that oil
this question the Republicans of this House
were divided, that there were members of the
Republican party whose intention was, if with-
in their power, to involve the country in civil
war. They ask the Army and Navy for that
purpose. They ask you to give the President
power to call out the militia for that, purpose ;
and if these great powers are not sufficient,
they ask you then to grant him power to
resort to any other means which he may find
necessary. With the majority of Republican
members stood the distinguished Speaker of
this present House. The first day of this Con-
gress the honorable Speaker addressed this
body as follows. He said ;
"The Forty-Second Congress assembles at a pe-
riod of general content, happiness, and prosperity
throughout the land. Under the wise administra-
tion of the national Government peace reigns in all
our borders, and the only serious misunderstanding
ivitli a foreign Power is, we may hope, at this mo-
ment in process of honorable, cordial, and lasting
adjustment. We arefortunate in meeting at such a
time, in representing such constituencies, in legis-
lating for such a country."
That was the truthful and eloquent declara-
tion of your Speaker on the4ih day of this
month of March. And you all applauded the
sentiment and recognized the fact. Sir, I fully
agree with the honorable Speaker, that in this
country peace reigns, and there is general
obedience to law throughout its vast extent,
from the frozen North to the palmettos of the
South, from ocean to ocean, and that, such
being the case, it is something to be proud of;
and f, as one of the Representatives of the
people, am proud that such a happy condition
of things does exist.
Mr. Speaker, I have other testimony to
which I desire to call the attention of the
House. I hold in my hand the message of
