THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
Governor Warmoth, of Louisiana—his last
message—dated January 11, 1871, in which he
says:
"A growintr spirit of harmony and good will be-
tween the different classes of onr people has been
strikingly evinced daring the last year. It has been
seen in a strongly pronounced disposition on the
part of all good citizens in most parts of tho State,
without respect to partisan differences, to preserve
order, enforce the laws, and render obedience to all
legally constituted authority."
And I will now desire to read briefly from
the message of another Governor of a southern
State, Governor Clayton of Arkansas, who,
like Governor Warmoth, is a Republican. He
says in his message, which was also written in
the month of January last:
" Yoa assemble here under very propitious circum-
stances. The past year has been one of great pros-
perity. The crops have been most abundant and the
season for gathering and securing them remarkably
favorable. The wealth of the State has been aug-
mented by the influx of capital from the older States,
which our superior advantages and undeveloped
resources have at length attracted us. Our_ State
credit has been established: comity and friendly
relations exist between us and the other States of the
Union; our relations with the Federal Government
are harmonious and satisfactory; law and order,
peace and security reign throughout our borders,
tinder the benign influence of our free institutions
and the faithful enforcement of the laws, old feuds
are rapidly dying out, old animosities are being for-
gotten, and old prejudices eradicated."
And yet gentlemen would have the country
believe that the South is full of riot and dis-
order.
Sir, I referred a moment ago to the instruc-
tive lesson we can read from across the waters,
that of France and Louis Napoleon. There
is another lesson connected with that country
from which we may also derive benefit. At
this moment France is convulsed, at this mo-
ment armed bands of men are rising against
the law; and why? Because the agents of
Louis Napoleon are instigating an insurrec-
tion, are trying to produce chaos, that he may
become a necessity to the restoration of order.
Now, sir, if you want to preserve peace to
the South, if you waDt to preserve peace and
tranquillity to the whole country, if you are
not determined to strike a blow which may end
in the total subversion of our free institutions,
change your policy to the South; instead of
disabilities give amnesty; instead of vengeance
offer reconciliation ; instead of hostility tender
the olive branch, and peace, prosperity, and
happiness will bless our whole country.
Sir, I, with you, with every good citizen,
denounce the violation of the law wherever
the law is violated. But, to punish an indi-
vidual crime or to punish a few crimes, do not
strike down the institutions of our country.
■ Stop sending to the South your tax-gatherers
from Ohio and from Massachusetts and from
other States of the North, When you know that
thepeople of the North themselves are restive
under the burdens of taxation, is it strange
that the people of the South should be equally
so when you require them to pay taxes to sup-
port the Government which has kept them
under political disabilities during a period of
six years after the close of the war, and sends
strangers among them as conquerors and tax-
gatherers?
Change your policy, proclaim general am-
nesty, show that you are worthy to be the
Representatives of a great and tree people.
Change your policy, so that, in future times,
the blessings and not the reproaches of poster-
ity may rest upon your names.
Mr. Speaker, it I know myself, in resisting
this bill 1 am notactuated by partisan feeling,
but by a sense of duty to the whole country.
That man does not live upon whom I would be
willing to confer the power proposed to be
given by this bill. Were George Washington
to-day in thepresidential chair, I would oppose
placing in his hands the powers asked for by
.President Grant.
In free Governments like ours, parties will
and ought to exist; butthey become dangerous
to the liberties of the people when party alle-
giance becomes stronger than allegiance to the
country and its institutions. We are told by
Machiavel, in his Prince, and he appears to
have been studied by gentlemen who support
this bill, that—
" When States that areriewly conquered have been
accustomed to liberty and to live under their own
laws, there are three ways of maintaining them.
The first is to ruin them."
Sir, the first act of the Republican party
after the war was to impose a tax of three
cents per pound, or twelve dollars per acre,
upon the cotton lands of the South. And from
that day to the present you have been doing
all in your power to retard the restoration of
peace and law and order within those States.
I say "you;" I make not the charge against
every gentleman on the other side of the House,
because I know that in all parties there are
extreme and conservative men. But the mis-
fortune is that extreme men, men of audacity,
men destitute of principle, men fired by am-
bition and unscrupulous as to the means of
gratifying it, draw after them, into the mael-
strom which they have created, men of more
conservative views.
Time will not permit me to dwell further in
this connection upon the subject before us.
But of one thing am I satisfied, that a graver
bill or a more momentous subject never came
before any legislature for its deliberation. And
I appeal to gentlemen, now, if in fact they
are Republicans, if they are in earnest in their
professions of love for liberty and free institu-
tions, I implore them to abandon all partisan
feeling, to obey the dictates of their consciences,
and stand by the Constitution.
Before concluding, one word to the people
of the South, through their representatives in
Congress. Your worst enemies, no matter
how few nor how many, are those who violate
your own laws. The great body of the people
of the North desire to maintain fraternal rela-
tions with you, in fact to be countrymen and
friends. But it behooves you not to give evil-
minded men a pretext to excite unjust preju-
dice against you. I speak plainly because the
times are grave. I speak plainly because I do
not wish to see new calamities brought upon
our country. By your own State conventions
you abolished slavery, and the world applauded
you for doing so. The fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution have been
adopted and have been declared by the courts
to be parts of the fundamental law of the land,
and wisdom and patriotism alike demand that
as such they should be respected.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, the House lis-
tened yesterday to two able, clear, lawyer-like, j
statesmanlike discussions on different sides of
the grave questions now before us, from the
gentleman from Ohio"'[Mr. Shellabarger]
and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Ifl cannot hope to equal them in ability, I trust
nothing will fall from my lips calculated to
lower the tone of this debate below the dignity
of the occasion and of the theme.
From many States, from large and distant
spaces of our territory, in everv issue of the
press, by every pulsation of the telegraph,
comes up to us the complaint that large num-
bers of our fellow-citizens are deprived of the
enjoyment of the fundamental rights of citi-
zens. That their lives are not secure; that
their property does not receive the equal pro-
tection of the law ; that their homes are not
safe; that they are in i m mi nan t danger of death,
and of torture and outrage worse than death.
If anything could add to tiie gravity and
solemnity of these representations it is the
further statement tnat these citizens so mur-
dered, outraged, or outlawed suffer all this
because of their attachment to their country
their loyalty to its Hag, or because their opin-
ions on questions of public interest coincide
with those of a majority of the American peo-
ple. Surely the time has come to explore the
arsenal of constitutional power and see if it
contain any sword which may avenge or any
shield which may protect those for whose pro-
tection and benefit we have been intrusted
with the powers of government.
I propose to ask the attention of the House
to a brief consideration of the relation of the
American Constitution to the fundamental civil
rights of the citizen. I have long been of opin-
ion, an opinion adopted in times of quiet, after
much conscientious study, that it was the great
and leading purpose of the framersof our Con-
stitution to place the fundamental civil rights
of the people under the protection of the strong-
est and supremest power known to our laws,
the power of the General Government. While
they meant to leave all matters of local policy*
to the local State governments, they did not
mean that any lesser authority should impair,
or any failure or neglect be permitted to im-
peril the rights which they deemed the funda-
mental, essential rights of human nature itself.
But before discussing the provisions of the
Constitution let me call attention to one most
important aid in its interpretation. Twelve
years before the same men who made the
Constitution set forth in the Declaration of
Independence their assertion of the funda-
mental rights of human nature. They not only
declared them, butthey declared that to secure
them "governments were instituted among
men:" and not only that, but when under
any form of government these ends were
destroyed it was the right of the people to
alter or to abolish it, and to institute new
governments and provide new safeguards.
Now, 1 do not pretend that the Declaration
of Independence is a grant of power. But
I maintain that when these men asserted that
governments are instituted among men for
certain ends, that the failure to secure them
is a just cause for the overthrow of any gov-
ernment; that when they fought out an eight
year's war on that issue, pledging to its main-
tenance life, fortune, and honor, it cannot be
believed that when they came to set up their
own Government they established one which
did not secure these ends and which, there-
fore, by their own showing, ought instantly
to be overthrown. The Declaration is the
sublime interpreterof the Constitution. Over
every line, syllable, and letter of the Constitu-
tion the Declaration of Independence sheds its
flaming torch light. To secure these ughts,
equality, life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness,
this Government was instituted among men.
The power of the Executive, the power of
the judiciary, the power of the Legislature', all
these are conferred, and conferred only, to
secure these rights. Between the lines, gleam-
ing through the page where all these powers
are found, are the words "and this power is
conferred to secure these rights.''
This was no new doctrine. The principle
of equality was new, so far as regards its pub-
lic assertion by any people. But the others
were old as Magna Charta, they were old as
the principles of the common law.
There came into my possession in my yonth
a copy of Lord Coke's Second Institute, which
had belonged to James Otis, and which con-
tained his autograph. On examining it I
found certain passages underscored. For the
purpose of his great argument in the case of
the writs of assistance, where he dealt with all
the fundamental questions of government and
civil liberty, that great Isaiah of the Revolu-
tion had marked in this book, which he held
in his hand when.he made the argument, one
passage among others.
It is tho passage where Lord Coke asserts
that Magna Charta is not a new grant of right,
but the declaration of the old fundamental
common-law privileges of Englishmen. Magna
Charta enumerates especially the rights, all
now involved at the South, of life, personal
security, and private property. So, Sir Wil-
liam Blackstone, in several passages which I
have before me, asserts, distinctly and posi-
tively, thatthe right to life, liberty, and prop-
erty are rights which the Government owes
to the citizen and if the citizen Jail to receive
