1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Stevenson.
Senate.
between two statements of one and the same
occurrence? Will the honorable Senator from
Indiana tell ua on what authority Mr. Cres-
well bases his version of this assault?
But, Mr. President, the Postmaster General
says, in the same letter to Speaker Blaine :
"A circular letter whs mean time prepared in the
Department and addressed to all the postmasters on
the route, calling their attention to the circum-
stances of the case and to the act of Congress above
quoted, and notifying them that unless duo protec-
tion should be given to the agents chosen by the
Department and the mails in their charge the mails
would be withdrawn from the route."
I am not exact in my recollection as to how
many mail stations there are between Louis-
ville and Lexington, but I think I am not
inaccurate when I say that there are twenty
or more. There must have been, therefore,
twenty circular letters addressed by the Post-
master General to as many postmasters on this
route, wishing to know, no do.ubt, what danger
this man Gibson was in? Where are the an-
swers to these twenty circular letters? Does
the Senator from Indiana in his defense under-
take to enlighten us with the responses of those
twenty postmasters (all Republicans, and, no
doubt, all credible men) as to the danger that
this man Gibson was in?
Mr. President, the stoppage of the mail by
a Postmaster General is at any time and under
any circumstances an extraordinary exercise
of power, it ought never to be resorted to
unless in some great emergency, or during
some period of great national peril when mail
transportation might be impossible. But this
is no such case. So far from it, in this attempt-
ed justification of the Postmaster General the
honorable Senator from Indiana has failed to
make out a plausible semblance of danger
to Gibson. He produced only two of the
response? of the twenty postmasters to whom
circular letters were addressed by the Post
Office Department. Why have not all been
produced? Have they not been received? If
not, why not? Is this high official afraid of
the testimony of his own chosen witnesses?
But, again, the mail was suspended upon the
3d of March ; and the honorable Senator from
Indiana, in his justification of the act upon that
day, undertakes to read to us responses from
the postmaster at Lexington, the postmaster
at E'rankfort, aftd the postmistress at Louisville,
which were received after the Postmaster Gen-
eral had suspended the mail. Two of these
letters bear date respectively at Frankfort and
Lexington upon 2d of March. The honor-
able Senator from Indiana will hardly insist
that letters dated in Frankfort and in Lexing-
ton on the 2d of March could have reached
the Postmaster General on the 3d. And yet
it was on the 3d that this petty act of despotic
power took effect. The letter of the postmis-
tress at Louisville is dated the 16th of March,
thirteen days after the suspension. Her letter
merely expresses the opinion that Gibson's
life would not be safe. But this lady resided
in Louisville, and was wholly incompetent to
form any just opinion of Gibson's safety upon
a route extending many miles from that city.
And yet it is upon such flimsy pretexts as
these that the distinguished Senatorfrom Indi-
ana is forced to rest the defense of an offi-
cial who thus vents his spleen upon a large
portion of the people of Kentucky I
Mr. President, I wish to do neither the Post-
master General nor any one else any injustice.
I think he has done great injury and injustice
to a portion of my people, and I shall endeavor
to expose that wroDg. I charge the fact to be
that there was no reasonable ground for the sus-
pension of the mails on the 3d of March. The
Postmaster General had at that time received
no reply to any of his circular letters from
postmasters between Louisville and Lexing-
ton. The attempt to produce these letters
received after the suspension as the basis for
his action is too transparent to deceive any-
body. Nor can this official find any support
for his act from the dispatch of General Mur-
ray. That dispatch was as follows:
Frankfort, Kentucky, March 2,1871.
General Tkrry, Commander, or
Colonel A. H. Markland, Louisville Hotel:
Trouble is apprehended. It is suggested to double
the guard on the mail train on to-morrow.
ELI II. MURRAY,
United States Marshal for Kentucky.
General Murray is a gallant soldier and a
faithful public officer. I have no doubt that
when that dispatch was sent he apprehended
trouble, but I have as little doubt that the ap-
prehension was based upon information com-
municated to him, but which was inaccurate.
Be that, however, as it may, he did not rec-
ommend the stoppage of the mail. Now, let
us examine the letter of the postmaster at
Frankfort, written after the mail had been
stopped. I know that gentleman well,* and
bear willing testimony to his efficiency as a
faithful public officer. What is his' advice iu
regard to the mail suspension ?
Post Office, Eiuxkfort, Kentucky,
March 2,1871.
Sir: Yours of the 27th ultimo, inquiring my
" views as to the probable safety of the Department's
agents on the Louisville and Lexington railroad
should the guard be withdrawn," is received. In
reply I have the honor to state that Route Agent
Gibson could not remain on that road without a
guard. lie would not live three days. In fact be ie
by no means safe with a guard. I have conversed
with police officers, both State and Federal, who
have been examining into the operations of the Ku
Klux on this road, and with citizens generally, and
they all express the above opinion.
There is an organized band of ruffians—
Not, as the Senators from Indiana and Ohio
insist, a political organization, not a Demo-
cratic organization, not a secret rebel oigan-
ization; by no means, sir; but—
There is an organized band of ruffians living
along this road from North Benson to Pleasureville,
(extending to the left to Clay's Village, and on the
right by Jacksonville to the Kentucky river,) who
defy all authority. Ifc would be no punishment to
these ruffians to discontinue the mail route; they
most likely would be pleased to see it discontinued.
If you will permit me to suggest, I would say that I
would take the agent off the road, abolish the way
mail, discontinue all of the depot offices between
this and Lagrange except Eminence, and all between
here and Lexington, cxcept Midway and Payne's
Depot.
One pouch could supply Eminence and New Cas-
tle, the county seat of Henry county, one Midway
and Versailles, and one Payne's and Georgetown.
These pouches could go in charge of the baggage-
master as they now come to this office on the evening
train from Louisville and the inornine: train from
Lexington. From Lagrange to Louisville could be
supplied by the trains going to Cincinnati. The
offices thus depiived of mail are of very little con-
sequence, and not worth the expense of an agent at
any time, and the people in their vicinities would
still be near enough to other offices to not be much
inconvenienced thereby, except just in the Ku Klux
neighborhood, from North Benson to Pleasureville.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMBS G. HATCHILL,
Postmaxter.
General Giles A. Smith,
Second Assistant Postmaster General.
Would this letter, had it been received earlier,
justify the action of the Postmaster General?
Upon the contrary, it affords the strongest con-
demnation of his conduct, Dr. Ilatchill urges
the removal of Gibson, and suggests the with-
drawal of the mail from certain designated and
unimportant way stations near the theater of
threatened danger. Why did not the Post-
master General take the advice of Dr. Hatch-
ill and withdraw Gibson from this particular
route ? He had served without personal danger
upon another route j why not reinstate him
there? Can any good reason be assigned for
such a course? But if this was incompatible
with what the Postmaster General thought was
due to Gibson why not double the guard ? Sir,
had mails never been carried with much larger
guards in other times? During Mr. Lincoln's
administration, when we were in civil war, and
when the trains were subject to continuous
attack from military bands on both sides, were
not the mails carricd and guarded throughout
Kentucky? Are not depredations now being
often committed upon the frontier and on the
plains? Are the mails suspended there incon-
sequence of the necessity of military guards ?
These are pertinent questions, which the Sen-
ator from Indiana will find it difficult to answer.
Mr. President, this whole procedure of the
Postmaster General was for political effect.
He desired to strike at Kentucky. This is
transparent from the letter of the postmaster
at Lexington. I will read it :
Lexington, Kentucky, March 2,1871,
Respectfully returned with the opinion that the
present route agent, Gibson, would not be safe on
the Louisville and Lexington railroad if the guard
is removed, but if tho guard is withdrawn I would
advise that the mails on that road be discontinued.
Such a course on the part of Department would
bring the people on the road and the Legislature
(now in session) to their senses sooner than any other
measure would do. The dignity of the Government
should be maintained at all hazards; and for that
reason I hope that Gibson will be retained on that
route, with the assurance from the State authorities
that he will be protected or the mails be withdrawn
from the entire road.
s. w. price, Postmaster.
The cat under that meal seems to be very
visible. There is no uncertain utterance in
that letter. This official boldly recommends
the discontinuance of the mails, with all its.
attendant evils, in order to bring the Kentucky
Legislature to their senses, and thereby pun-
ish them. When before, I ask you, Mr. Presi-
dent, in the history of American constitutional
government did a Cabinet officer attempt to
dragoon the Legislature of a sovereign State?
When before was he publicly advised to do
so by one of his subordinates? This letter of
the Lexington postmaster fully unveils the
object which the act of arbitrary power was
intended to effect. Gibson was placed on this
route, hoping that the appearance of a colored
mail agent would provoke violence. Failing
in that the rude assault of an unknown person
on Gibson was seized upon by the Postmaster
General, a month after its occurrence, as the
flimsy pretext for punishing the Kentucky
people by depriving them of the mails.
But the most remarkable document which
this defense has evoked is the letter of C. C.
Green. It is as follows :
Dear Sir: On the 27th of January, 1871, the day
after the attack made on the mail agent on the Lex-
ington and Louisville railroad was made, I made
a trip to Lexington in the capacity of route agent,
and to my great surprise I found at nearly every
depot crowds of excited men apparently waiting for
the return of \Y. If. Gibson, tho agent who had the
day before been attacked at Benson station. They
crowded anxiously to the door of the mail-rooin,
apparently very much excited, inquiring for the
mail agent; but when informed that I had charge
of tho mail they retired, some using profane and
insulting language, and very much disappointed that
there was no person there upon whom they could
wreak their vengeance. At one place, midway, a
man boarded the car and inquired for the mail
agent. The baggage master told him that the mail
agent was a white man, and he retired very much
disappointed. I was told that ho was a very des-
perate man; his name I did not learn.
On my return the excitement had partially cooled
down, but there wore still largo crowds assembled,
and in my judgment W. II. Gibson could not have
made another trip on the road and returned alive
without protection from soldiers.
Respectfully, your obedient servant.
c. c. green,
Local Agent at Louisville.
General A. II. Markland, General Superintendent
Southwestern Mail Serviec.
What a wonderful man this individual must
be! He is semi-omniscient. He scans the
motives of the people at a glance ; he looks at
them and instantly comprehends their mental
operations, and at first sight is able to dis-
cover the great mental disappointment which
the absence of the colored mail agent on the
Louisville train has produced in the multitude
which, upon the 27th January, 1871. thronged
the several depots along the Louisville and
Lexington railroad. But, unfortunately for the
Postmaster General, Mr. Green's statement
shows that upon his (Green's) return, the very
