334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
impartial verdict before a Wisconsin jury. Is
Congress to interfere?' My answer to that is
this: that it is not possible to draw an absolute
logical line between these two cases. The dif-
ftrenee is a difference of degree. To authorize
the interference of Congress lh re must be, not
merely those imperfections an i failures in the
administration of law which are attendant upon
all civil governments alike, but there must be
a clear case of denial of government. We can-
not interfere to deal with the incidental evils
which attend upon republican government;
but we should interfere where, we being the
judges whether the case exists or not, on our
oaths responsible to the great tribunal of the
American people, wherever these evils have
attained such a degree as amounts to the
destruction, to the overthrow, to the denial
to large classes of the people of the blessings
of republican government altogether.
Another error, as it seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
is to suppose that Congress in the exercise of
this great power must either let the State alone
altogether, or take entire possession of all its
powers and instrumentalities of government,
and displace the State government. But there
is nothing jn the Constitution that for a moment
favors that idea. We have a right to limit our
interference to the extent of the evil. If a par-
ticular class of persons are denied their civil
rights permanently and as a rule in any State,
we have a right to interfere simply to pro-
tect those rights, leaving the republican gov-
ernment, so far as it is enforced in regard to
others, untouched where we can.
That is, to make a simple illustration, if we
are to guaranty the payment of §1,000, and
the principal debtor has paid $990 of that sum,
in the execution of our guaranty, we have only
to make up the other ten dollars. If we have
guarantied the enjoyment of these civil rights,
without which no republican government can
exist, and in every partit ular, save one, they
are secured and protected by the State govern-
ment, our interference will be limited to the
extent of securing that one, and that alone.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, in this connection to
cite a few sentences from the opinion of a dis-
tinguished judge of the Supreme'Court of the
United States, Judge Bradley, in a recent
judgment delivered in Louisiana. He says :
"A republican government is not merely a gov-
ernment of the people, but it is a free government."
He recognizes'here the distinction which I
have stated.
"Without being free it is republican onlyinname,
and not republican in truth."
He says further:
"The Legislature has an undoubted right to make
all police regulations which they may deem neces-
sary (not inconsistent with constitutional restric-
tions) for the preservation of the public health, good
order, morals, and intelligence ; but they cannot,
under the pretense of a police regulation, interfere
with the fundamental privileges and immunities of
American citizens. The question has its limits in
both directions; and while wo are to be specially
careful not to do anything which may trench on the
vast and almost limitless field of legislation, where
the will of the people is supposed to be most freely
and powerfully expressed, it is nevertheless our duty,
with a firm and unflinching hand, to prevent the
invasion of any clear and undoubted individual
rights of the citizen which are secured to him by the
Constitution."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire also to advert
for a moment in this connection to the mean-
ing of the term " privileges and immunitiesof
the citizen," as used in the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, and used also in the
original text of the instrument. Congress is
empowered by the fourteenth amendment to
pass all "appropriats legislation" to secure
the privileges and immunities of the citizen.
Now, what is comprehended in this term,
"privileges and immunities?" Most clearly
it comprehends all the privileges and immuni-
ties declared to Belong to the citizen by the
Constitution itself. Most clearly, also, it seems
to me, it comprehends those privileges and
immunities which all republican writers of
authority agree in declaring fundamental and
essential to citizenship. 1 will here cite the
weighty and pregnant words of Judge Wash-
ington, in the case of Corfield vs. Coryell, (4
Washington's Circuit Court Reports, 380:)
" The inquiry is, what are the privileges and im-
munities of citizens in the several States ? n e feel
no hesitation in confining these expressions to those
privileges and immunities whioh are in their
nature fundamental; which belong, of right, to the
citizens of all free governments; and which have
at all times been enjoyed by the citizens of the sev-
eral States which compose thisDnion, from the time
of their becoming free, independent, and sovereign.
What these fundamental principles are it would,
perhaps, bemore tedious than difficultto enumerate.
They may, however, be all comprehended under the
following general heads: protection by the Govern-
ment; the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the
right to acquire and possess property of every kind,
and to pursue and obtain happiness and safety; sub-
ject, nevertheless, to such restraints as the Govern-
ment may justly prescribe for the genera! good of the
whole. The right of a citizen of one State to pass
through or reside in any other State, for purposes
of trade, agriculture, professional pursuits, or other-
wise; to claim the benefit of the writ of habeas corpus;
to institute and maintain actions of any kind in the
courts of the State; to take, hold, and dispose of
property, either real or personal, and an exemption
from higher taxes or impositions than are paid by
other citizens of the State, may be mentioned as
some of the particular privileges and immunities of
citizens which are clearly embraced by the general
description of privileges deemed to be fundamental;
to which may be added the elective franchise, as
regulated and established by the laws or constitution
of the State in which it is to be exercised. These and
many others which might be mentioned are, strictly
speaking, privileges and immunities, and the enjoy-
ment of them by the citizens of each State, in every
other State, was manifestly calculated (to use the
expression of the preamble of the corresponding
provision in the old Articles of Confederation) 'the
better to secure and perpetuate mutual friendship
and intercourse among the people of the different
States of the Union.'"
One further remark I desire to make on this
point. It is sometimes suggested that the first
section of the fourteenth amendment aims
solely at unlawful acts by the State authorities.
Its language is:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privilegesorimmunitiesof citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
Now, sir, what does the Constitution mean
when it authorizes Congress to interfere by
" appropriate legislation " in the case of the
denial by a State to any person within its
jurisdiction of the protection of the laws? If
it had been the purpose of the American peo-
ple, in accepting this article, to provide merely
for the case of an affirmative formal exercise of
power by the State in derogation of civil rights,
that last clause would have been unnecessary,
because the preceding part had provided that
11 no State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States." But the pro-
vision goes on to say that no State shall " deny
to any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws."
Now, it is an effectual denial by a State of
the equal protection of the laws when any class
of officers charged under the laws with their
administration permanently and as a rule refuse
to extend that protection. If every sheriff
in South Carolina refuses to serve a writ for
a colored man and those sheriffs are kept in
office year after year by the people of South
Carolina, and no verdict against them for their
failure of duty can be obtained before a South
Carolina jury, the State of South Carolina,
through the class of officers who are its repre-
sentatives to afford the equal protection of the
laws to that class of citizens, has denied that
protection. If the jurors of South Carolina
constantly and as a rule refuse to do justice
between man and man where the rights of a
particular class of its citizens are concerned,
and that State affords by its legislation no
remedy, that is as much a denial to that class
of citizens of the equal protection of the laws
as if the State itself put on its statute-book a
statute enacting that no verdict should be ren-
dered in the courts of that State in favor of
this class of citizens.
As was suggested by my colleague from the
lissex district, £Mr. Butler,] in conversation
a short time ago in my hearing, the provision
of the amendment is precisely a reaffirmanee
of the great clause of Magna Charta where the
king declared that he "would sell, he would
delay, and he would deny to no man law and
justice." That denial on the part of the king
might as well have been made by a refusal to
listen to the prayer of the people asking jus-
tice as by a formal decree enacting that no
such prayer should be presented to him. The
State always acts through instrumentalities.
Suppose the State should place on the towns
the duty of raising troops, and that every town
should refuse to raise its quota. If Congres%
was authorized to interpose in such a case,
should we not consider our power complete
although the State Legislature had not spoken
in terms?
Now, Mr. Speaker, of the occasion for the ex-
ercise of these great powers, which, as I have
said, are few, simple, and comprehensive—de-
signedly made so, because the enumeration of
details and methods would have weaakened,
not strengthened them—the national Congress
is the sole, the undoubted, and the safest judge.
Mr. Webster well said:
"Mr. President, all popular Governments rest on
two principles, or two assumptions :
"First, that there is so far a common interest
among those over whom the Government extends,
as that it may provide for the defense, protection,
and good government of the whole without injustice
or oppression to parts; and
"Secondly, thattherepresentatives of the people,
and especially the people themselves"—
He is speaking of the whole people, as dis-
tinct from the people of any particular local-
ity; he is arguing this very question in another
form—
" the representatives of the people, and especially
the people themselves, are secure against general
corruption, and may be trusted, therefore, with the
exercise of power.
" Whoever ttrgues against these principles argues
against the practicability of all free Governments.
And whoever admits these, must admit, or cannot
deny, that power is as safe in the hands of Congress
as in those of other representative bodies. Congress
is not irresponsible. Its members are agents of the
people, elected by them, answerable to them, and
liable to be displaced or superseded at their pleas-
ure; and they possess as lair a claim to the confi-
dence of the people, while they continue to deserve
it, as any other political agents."
I ask, Mr. Speaker, can public liberty be
more safely intrusted to the whole, or to a part?
Is it not entitled to the protection of the
supreme power, or should it be left to the care
of an inferior power only? Can it not when
imperiled use the strongest arm of national
power for its protection? This question is
not only answered by abstract reasoning, but
it is answered also by history. During the
seventy years of onr national history not one
single attempt to invade the liberties of this
people by an unconstitutional enactment (with
two possible exceptions to which 1 will allude
in a moment) has ever come from the General
Government, while from the individual States
such attempts have been many.
It is said, it was said by lliegentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerb] yesterday, that the States
may, in general, as a rule, be trusted with the
preservation of their own liberties, and that
it is more dangerous to permit the General
Go vernment to determine when it is neces-
sary that it should interfere with the local
concerns of the States, than to run the risk
that the States may sometimes, withoutcheck,
oppress particular individuals and classes. It
sterns to me that many intelligent and sensible
persons look only at one side of this question.
They accustom themselves to look at the sup-
posed danger to civil liberty from the possible
encroachments of the central power, and leave
wholly out of view not only the probability,
but the actual experience of the deprivation
of large numbers of persons of their natural
rights under the authority of the States when
the protection of the nation is not extended to
them. The question is not whether a majority
of the people in a majority of the Stales are
likely to be attached to and able to secure their
own liberties, The'question is not whether
