98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 30,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization-—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong... Jst Sess.
inconsiderable band of bad men, who commit
acts of lawless violence, have not been detected
and brought to punishment.
Mr. President, uniform adherence to law
and order has always characterized the Ken-
tucky people. They have upheld the Consti-
tution and the laws. How unjust to intimate,
as was done by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Nre,] that animosity among the masses to the
enfranchisement of the colored population was
the true origin of Ku Klux violence in Ken-
tucky. I utterly deny it. That a few lawless
men have offered indignities and violence to
negroes may be true ; but I assert, without
the fear of contradiction, that the Kentucky
people, irrespective of party and irrespective
of their status during the war, treat the negro
with benevolence, with justice, and with a
kindness rarely exceeded anywhere. I know
of what I speak. They believe him the infe-
rior of the white man. They were opposed
to his enfranchisement; and yet where was
this right of suffrage enjoyed with greater free-
dom or security than by the colored freedman
in Kentucky at the last general election, in
November last?
Is it a mark of the unfitness of the Ken-
tucky Democracy to control their State gov-
ernment as tested by a Republican standard
because they believe that the educated, vir
tuous, experienced, trained, white citizen is a
much safer custodian of free government than
one of that race for whom we entertain the
greatest kindness, to whom we are always ready
to give aid and protection, for whom we have
nothing but friendly feelings, but whom we
believe unqualified to discharge the duties of
enlightened statesmanship? And yet, is not
thia nascent zeal iu behalf of negro equality of
recent date with some of those who would fain
make it no v the Procrustean rule of all polit-
ical orthodoxy? How long has it been since
the distinguished Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] has become a convert to this rule of
^Republican faith ? lie did me the kindness
to have portions of my messages to the Legis-
lature of my own State read to prove my ortho-
doxy ill upholding law and order. I do not
intend to be outdone in courtesy by him, and
I therefore wish to return the compliment and
show by the reading of one of his messages to
his Legislature in what close accord, as Gov-
ernor of Indiana, he stood with thf, people of
Kentucky in their opposition to negro suffrage
but a few years since. He predicted the very
dangers which we now dread.
I ask the Clerk to read from the message of
tke Governor of Indiana, now the distinguished
Senator of that Sfcite, the passages I have
marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The subject of suffrage is, by the national Con-
stitution, expressly referred to the determination of
the several States, and it cannot betaken from them
without a violation of the letter and spirit of that
instrument.
" But without stopping to discuss theories or ques-
tions of constitutional law, and leaving them out of
view, it would, in my opinion, be unwise to make
the work of reconstruction depend upon a condition
of such doubtful utility as negro suffrage.
"It is a fact so manifest that it should not be called
in question by any, that a people who are just emerg-
ing from the barbarism oi slavery are not qualified
to become a part of our political system and take
part, not only in the government of themselves and
their neighbors, but of the whole United States. So
far from believing that negro suffrage is a remedy
for all of our national ills, I doubt whether it is a
remedy for any, and rather believe that its enforce-
ment by Congress would be moro likely to subject
the negro to a merciless persecution tha.n to confer
upon him any substantial benefit. By some it is
thought that suffrage is already cheap enough in this
country; and the immediate transfer of more than
half a million men from the bonds of slavery, with
all the ignorance and degradation upon them which
the slavery of generations upon southern fields has
produced, would be a declaration to the world that
the exercise of American suffrage involves no intel-
lectual or moral qualifications and that there is no
difference between an American freeman and an
American slave which may not bo removed by a
mere act of Congress."
Mr. STEVENSON. The same sentiments
were repeated at much greater length, aud even
with greater power, in a speech made by the
honorable Senator at Richmond, Indiana, on
the 29th of September, 1865. He thought then
as many of the Kentucky people parhaps think
now. He is a more apt scholar than we are in
repudiating long-cherished political opinions.
He has made greater progress in unlearning
what he then announced was a great public
danger, the proposed elevation ot negroes to
high and responsible positions. The honorable
Senator ought to be a little charitable, at least,
with the Kentucky people, for if they do not
prefer a colored mail agent to an efficient edu-
cated white one, they are only adheiiug to doc-
trines promulgated by the Senator himself, as
one of the essential requisites for the preserva-
tion of our free institutions. Besides, the hon-
orable Senator, both in his message and speech,
was in his annunciations only following in the
footsteps of George Canning, who, on the 16th
of March, 1823, in the British Parliament, went
fully as far in the same direction, perhaps fur-
ther. That great English statesman,said :
" Ilaud faeilem esse vlam voluit is the condition
under which it has pleased divine Providence that
all valuable objects of human aspiration should bo
attained. This conditionisthelegitimatestimulant
of laudable industry and the best corrective of am-
bitious desire. No effort of an individual and no
enactment of a legislature can relieve human nature
from the operation of this condition. To attempt
to shorten the road between desire and attainment
is, nine times out of ten, to go astray and to miss the
wished-for object altogether."
The honorable Senator thought in 1885 as a
vast preponderance of the Kentucky people
think now; treat the negro kindly, protect
him in his rights, but do not allow four mil-
lion slaves, without education, without expe-
rience, just freed from bondage, to hold the
balance of power and thereby control the des-
tinies of the American Republic. But that I
may do the honorable Senator no injustice
I wiil let him speak for himself. I ask the
Clerk to read so much of the paper I send to
the desk as is marked in brackets.
The Chief Clerk read the following extract
from a speech delivered by Mr. Morton at
Richmond, Indiana, September 29, 1865 :
" Negroez Unfit to Vote,—I believe that in the case
of f«ur million slaves, just freed from bondage, there
should be a period of probation and preparation
before they are brought to the exercise of political
power." * * * * " What is their con-
dition? Perhaps not one in five hundred—I might
say onoin a thousand—can read, and perhaps not one
iu five hundred is worth five dollars in property of
any kind." * * * * "Can you conceive
thata body of men, white or black, who have been
in this condition, and their ancestors before them,
are qualified to be immediately lifted from their
present state into the full exercise of political
power, not only to govern themselves and their
neighbors, but to take part in the Government of
the United States? Can they be regarded as intel-
ligent and independent voters? Tne mere state of
tacts furnishes the answer to the question." * *
* * To say that such men—and it is no fault
of theirs, it is simply a misfortune, and a crime of
this nation—to say that such men, just emerged from
slavery, are qualified for the exercise of political
power is to make the strongest pro-slavery argument
I ever heard. It is to pay the highest compliment
to the institution of slavery.
" The Might to Vote Involves the Right to Hold
Office.—The right to vote carries with it the right
to hold office. You cannot say that the negro has a
natural right to vote, but that he must vote only for
white men for office. The right to vote carries with
it the right to be voted for. When that right is con-
ferred, you can make no discrimination, no distinc-
tion against the right to hold office; and the right to
vote in a State carries with it the right to vote for
President and members of Congress and for all Fed-
eral officers. The right of suffrage being conferred
in South Carolina, tor State purposes, under our
Constitution, as I have before pointed out, carries
with it the right to vote for President and Vice
President and members of Congress.
" Colored State (Governments—The Result.—If you
enfranchise all the negroes m these States you will
have at least twenty negro votes to one white vote,
and in the work of reconstructing the States of
South Carolina, Alabama, and Florida, you will
have a larger proportion—perhaps thirty colored
votes to one wkite. Now, I ask you, what is to be
the effect of that? The first effect will be, you will
have colored State governments. Undersuch a con-
dition of things the negro would no more vote for a
white man than you up here would vote for a black
man. They "would no more elect a white man than
you would elect a black man. Hum.in nature is the
same, whether in a white or colored skin. Tnere
could be nothing that would conter more pleasure
upon a man of that race, of course, than the eleva-
tion to political power of a m;in ot his own race and
color. Having secured power, they would retort
upon us that which we h.ive so Meadiiy practiced
upon them. If you give them the vote they will
elect men of their own color, and we would have no
right to blame them. We ivould rather think badly
ot them if they did not. I would ask you if the ne-
groes of Hayti, or any other place where they are in
a majority, have ever elected a white man to office?
Under Mr. Sumner's plan you will give them an
overwhelming majority in every one of these States,
and you will give them the political power of the
South.
"That they will exercise this power by electing
men of their own color is absolutely certain. _ Be-
lieving that human nature is the same under ditfer-
ent complexions, that the negroes are not differently
constituted from ourselves, and that they have like
passions with us, we cannot doubt how this power
will be exercised. Some will say that it is all right;
if they can find colored men qualified, all right.
There are enough colored men of education in the
North to go to the South and fill every office there,
and I have no doubt they stand ready to do it. Here
we deny to them almost every right except that of
mere personal liberty; and it is so in Illinois and
inaoyothemorthern States; and when you present to
them tho prospect of holding the highest offiecs in the
gift of thepeople of the southern States rest assured
they will embrace it. They will have colored Gov-
ernors and colored members of Congress, and Sen-
ators, and judges of tho supreme court, &c. Very
well; and suppose they do send colored Senators and
Representatives to Congress, 1 have no doubt you
will find men in the North who will be willing to tit
beside them, and will not think themselves degraded
by doing so. I have nothing to say to this. I am
simply discussing tho political effect of it. In every
State whore there is a colored Srute government, a
negro for Governor, and a negro for supreme judge,
white emigration wiil cease; there will be no moro
white emigration to any such State. Yuu cannot
find the most ardent anti-slavery man in Wayne
county who will go and locate in a State that has a
colored Stategovernment. You will absolutely shut
off, at once and effectually, all emigration from the
northern States, and from Europe, too, whenever that
event shall happen. Thus they will remain perma-
nently colored Status m the South. The wnite men
who are now there would remove from them; they
would not remain under such dominion.
"Effect of their Enfranchisement; a Negro Balance
of Power —Very well, say some; ttiat is all very well
if we can get the negroes to go there. But let me
say that the colored. States would be a balance of
power in this country. I ask, is it desirable to have
a colored State government? I say it is not. It is
not, for many reasons. One reason is thatsueh States
would perpetually constitute a balance of power.
They would be held bound by that stringent tie that
ever held men together, fhe tie of color and race, the
tie of a downtrodden and despised race. As threo
hundred thousand slaveholders, by a common tie,
were able to govern this nation for a long time, so
lour million people, bound together by a much
strongor tie, despised by tho whole world as they
have been, would constantly vote and act together ;
and their united vote would constitute a balance
of power that might control the Government of this
nation.
"I submit, then, however clearly and strongly we
may admit the natural right of the negro—I submit it
to the intelligence of the people—that colored State
governments are not desirable, that they will bring
about results that ara not to be hoped for, that,
finally, they would threaten to bring about, and, I
believe, would result in a war of races.
The Solution of th* Difficulty.—Now the question
turns up, how can this be avoided? If I had the
power I would arrange it in this way : I would give
these men a period of probation asd preparation ; I
would give them time to acquire a little property
and get a little education; time to learn something
about the simplest forms of business, and preparo
themselves for the exercise of political power. At
theend of ten, fifteen, ortwenty years, let them come
into the enjoyment of their political rights. By that
time these States will have been so completely filled
up by emigration from the North and from Europe
that the negroes will be in a permanent minouty.
Why ? Because the negroes have no emigration-
nothing but the natural increase—while we havo
emigration from all theworld, and nntural mcu^ase
besides. Thus, by postponing the thing only to .r>uch
times as the negroes are qualified to enjoy political
rights the dangers I ha\c been considering would
have fully passed away.' Their infiueuce would no
longer oedaHg-erous in the manner I have indicated,
and a conflict of races would not be more likely to
happen than it now is in Massachusetts. In Massa-
chusetts the negroes have exercised political lights
for twenty-five years, and yet there has b^en no dis-
turbance thero, no contlict of races. Why? Be-
cause the negroes have been in the minomy. Tnev
cannot elect a man of their own color to any office
to bring up that prejudice of race. I believe what I
have stated will be the way in which the question
will work itself out. But, under the policy of Mr.
