336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 29,
the country if I failed to recognize in the mes-
sage of the President, and the bill submitted by
a majority of the special committee to whom
it was referred, that the whole people of the
South are arraigned and charged with the com-
mission of outrages, violative of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. For redress of
these alleged outrages the Preident is pleased
to say:
"That the power to correct those evilsis beyond the
control ot the State authorities I [he] do not doubt."
These evils being, in his own language, that—
"A condition of affairs now exists in some of the
States of the Union rendering life and property in-
secure. and the carrying of the mails and the collec-
tion of the revenue daugerous."
To what extent the allegation of fact may
be true in " some of the States of the Union"
I am not now here to take issue, because I
submit that before pleading to the tender of
the issue it should be more specific. But,
sir, aa I have said, not to do injustice to the
common sense of this House, I accept it as a
specific allegation that this condition of affairs
exists in the southern, or late rebellious (so
called) States. The allegation, if it means
that thmre is an organized opposition in the
southern States to the Constitution and laws
of the United States, is not true ; if it means
only that here and there there may be local
disturbances or local trespasses upon life or
property, 1 am not here to deny or justify.
On the contrary, my mission is to protest,
in the name of my people, that what they
desire is the protection of life, liberty, and
property, and the equal recognition of their
rights under the laws ; to say, oti their behalf,
they desire peace, free government, and con-
stitutional liberty.
I respectfully but firmly deny, for them and
in their name, that they are not animated by
as true and loyal devotion to law, order, and
the sacred rights of person and property as
any portion of the American people. Crime
exists everywhere. Defiance to law by excep-
tional individualsishistorically coincident with
law itself; and while to this extent it may exist,
aggravated by the peculiar condition of a soci-
ety just emerging from a war which s>vept
over it with all the devastation of a flood, and
which, like the flood, left its drift and scum
as a deposit, yet, sir, the whole body-politic is
not demoralized. On the contrary, that people
present to you higher evidences of thrift, econ-
omy, labor, wealth, and prosperity—thenatural
results of obedience to law and order—than
any other given section of your Union, as I
think 1 will be able to show Wore I am done.
But before entering upon this task, will you
go with me, Mr. Speaker, for a moment into a
review of tlie condition of the South since the
close of that great civil struggle?
To the returned confederate soldier, when
his flag was furled, home was a scene of deso-
lation. Gaunt poverty introduced him to bar-
ren fields and a cheerless fireside. His com-
panions had been thinned; numbers of them
were no more; all around him was mourn-
ing. E'alsehood and treachery, and not of the
negro, for in the main he was true, had been
the sentinels who had guarded his loved ones
during his absence. There was much in this
to discourage him ; and yet, further, many of
them were without the means of support to
life. They ciied for bread. Look at Georgia
and Alabama and South Carolina during I860
and 18t>7, when whole communities, without re-
gard to former position, were dependent upon
the charity of others. Yet when ordinarily
despair would have welcomed death you find
the southern man not forgetting that he was
an American, in whom self-taught, if not inher-
ent,, there existed a devotion to popular insti-
tutions, a love of the great principles upon
which these States are founded, unquenched
and unconquerable. This loyalty, inherent,
he pledged to the Government, to whose alle-
giance and protection he returned, and at once
yielded to its laws a ready obedience. He was
born an American, he was a citizen of the
United States, and entitled by the fundamental
principles upon which its Government was
based to all of the rights, privileges, and
immunities of a citizen.
With courage, alacrity, and cheerfulness he
went to work to repair his individual fortune, to
build up waste places, to restore order, to aid
hisneighborandthepublic; in fine, to perform
all the duties of the laborious, useful, citizen.
How was this spirit met? Pause and look
at the picture. Special courts and tribunals,
hitherto unknown to the law, were organized,
and his rights made subject thereto. He was
deprived of the right to hold office, even the
most petty ; he was cut off from the highest
badge of American citizenship, the right to
vote ; all motives of individual exertion were
taken away from him, and the negro, his infe-
rior, invested with them and made his superior.
In all this there was much to provoke him ;
yet, sir, he submitted. He saw his State govern-
ment and its high offices, as well as its lowest
tribunals, pass into the hands of parties who
had no identity with the soil, the institutions,
the property, or the people of the State ; par-
ties who, taking advantage of his weakness
and the supposed hostility of the national
Government to him, had organized the negroes
into secret political clubs, holding out to them
plunder of and dominion over him, inculcating
them with the idea that the white man was their
oppressor, and for hundreds of years had out-
raged them, thus raising the worst of passions ;
and who, by and through such machinery, had
seized hold of the State governments ; and
who, so possessing themselves of the State gov-
ernments, for jobs and corrupt purposes and
corrupt individual corporations, levied enorm-
ous taxes and created enormous debts; so
that to-day the spectacle is presented of multi-
plied bankrupt States. Think for a moment,
Mr. Speaker, of the volume of increased in-
debtedness and increased taxes put upon these
people, and answer me, if it is at all wonderful
that corrupt Governors should be impeached,
that these people should be restive at the call
of the tax-gatherer? Think for a moment of
the condition of your American white brother,
disarmed, lorded over by the ignorant, thrift-
less black, who, the slave and tool of miserable
tricksters and plunderers, yet flaunts his free-
dom in that brother's face. Can you wonder
that his blood will occasionally outrun his
judgment ?
But, sir, while these outrages upon the white
men of the South, upon civilization, ay, upon
humanity itself, have been notoriously and per-
sistently perpetrated, and while out of them
may have grown what by some was deemed a
necessity, to wit, an organization or organiza-
tions, secret, yet I am here to say that 1 do not
excuse crime or become its defender, no mat-
ter in what name or for what cause perpetrated.
And I am here to say that, from information
and belief, these societies were personal, not
political ; were deemed a necessity for the pro-
tection of the life, property, and honor of the
white race against the armed, organized bands
or leagues of the negroes ; armed and organized
by appeals to the worst passions of the negro,
whose hatred was attempted to be aroused
against the white man, and by those whose
motives alone was plunder, and who to-day are
in the sight of God the responsible authors of
all the mischief flowing from secret societies
or combinations in the South, and who to-day
seek to further their plundering schemes under
the sanction of the General Government. But,
sir, no secret political society ever received
my sanction, i have said on more than one
public occasion, and in fact at all times and
under all circumstances, they were wrong in
principle, and more likely to produce evil than
good, lhavesaidto my peoplethattbesecurity
of the weak, the humble, and the unfortunate,
as well as the honest and virtuous, was in the
openness of the administration of law ; that
it was their only safety and protection ; and I
so believe; and so does the great body of the
people whom I represent.
Much of the complaint that comes from
the South is, in the causes which produce it,
akin to similar complaints which come from
California and Massachusetts, as to the Chi-
nese, to wit, competition in the fields of labor.
This character of complaint, is not local or
peculiar to the South or to this day ; you find
it in times past and to-day in the labor and
cooperative unions existing throughout the
whole country. Surely, sir, while you and I
agree that every citizen within the limit of the
United States of right may contract to work
where and when he pleases, at his own fixed
value of his labor, and may and do condemn
any interference with this right and unite in
saying it ought to be punished, yet we cannot
withhold our sympathy from the man who says
his interference is dictated by the hungered
cries of his children for bread.
I have but glanced at the picture as it exists
in the South. I would, sir, that before action
had been taken upon the representations which
I know do that people most grievous wrong
and injustice, an inquiry, impartial and fair,
had been made. Justice, I fain believe, would
have been done. You would have seen, sir,
how grossly they have been slandered and
how maliciously they have been misreported ;
how mountains have been made of mole-hills;
how giants and heroes have been manufac-
tured out of dwarfs and sneaks. You would
have seen, by the removal of the skin, the ass ;
but beyond all that you would have seen what
to you would have been a most conclusive
answer to these libels upon States, Common-
wealths, and people; and as your eye took in
the full measure of the picture your heart
would have swollen with exultant pride, and
your judgment and patriotism would have paid
a tribute in their wonder and satisfaction at
the convincing evidences o£ the devotion of
this people to law and order, presented in their
repaired and new-built railroads, in their in-
creased manufactures, in their flourishing high
schools, in their luxuriant and rich yielding
crops, in their growing cities and towns, 111
their improved farms, and in their increase
of population. Sir, look at these circumstan-
tial witnesses, whose testimony outweighs a
thousand such as malice and disappointment
have sped to your capital:
Railroads: Miles.
In 1864  7,610
In 1870 11.131
Increase  3,521
Number of farms, manufactures, and number of estab-
lishments of productive industry.
Increase per cent, in the number of farms returned
by assistant marshals in 1870 over the number re-
turned in 1860:
Alabama  22
Georgia  2
Louisiana    23
Tennessee  43
Arkansas  7
Florida    50
Mississippi   401
North Carolina  2
Virginia and West Virginia  18
Texas and South Carolina not made up.
Increase percent, in the number of establishments
of productive industry returned by a-sist.mf, mar-
shals in 1S70 over the number returned in 1830:
Alabama  43
Georgia   91
Louisiana   112
Tennessee 100
Arkansas     76
Florida     2t33
Mississippi   47
North Carolina  1
Virginia and West Virginia  4o
Texas and South Carolina not made up.
Farm products in 1869:
Total value in all the States was, SI.847,004,843.
Total value in the eleven States :
In corn and wheat, &c., articles named hy the
Commissioner &332,524,584
In cotton  303,000,000
Add sugar, molasses, turpentine, and
miscellaneous, (estimated)  100,000,000
Or nearly one half of the total. $736,124,584
Value of live stock in 1869 in tbo eleven States
was    $95,346,023
