1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Iilux Organization—Mr. Stevenson.
Senate.
Sumner, we are to exclude twenty out of every
twenty-one white men in tho^southern States, and
bring forward colored votes to'fill the places of those
excluded. The inevitable result of that policy would
be to establish colored State governments, and a
colored balance of power in this Republic, a thing
which I think most desirable to avoid."
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, the sen-
timents therein expressed have the sanction
of the most enlarged and enlightened states-
manship both in England and America. I was
therefore surprised that the question was pat
to me whether all this excitement was not
owing 
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr STEVENSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator, perhaps, ought
to state that in the previous part of the speech
from which he has read (and that part which
he has read is only a portion) there was a dis-
cussion of a proposition which was then made
to this effect: that the white men of the South
who had been engaged in the rebellion should
all be disfranchised, excluded from the right
of suffrage, and that the franchise should be
conferred upon the colored men, which, as I
stated there, would have the effect to make
from twenty-five to forty colored votes in each
State to one white vote, according to the ratio
of population. That proposition was not adopt-
ed, and the white men were not disfranchised
in any State on account of being in the rebellion,
I believe.
Mr. STEVENSON. I of course am happy
to hear the explanation of the honorable Sen-
ator ; but it does not lessen or detract a whit
from the argument of the Senator against the
danger and disqualification of the colored race
to vote or hold office. That abstract question
was not affected, and could not be, by the dis-
franchisement of the white men. The question
of negro States might to some degree be de-
pendent on the total disfranchisement of the
whites 5 but the question of the fitness or un-
fitness of the negro to vote or hold office was
palpably independent of the pending question
of total white disfranchisement. The explan-
ation of the Senator does not, therefore, help
him. The Senator in that speech asked :
" Can you conceive that a body of men, white or
black, who have been in this condition, slavery,
and their ancestors before them, are qualified to be
immediately lifted up from their present state into
the full exercise of political power, not only to gov-
ern themselves and their neighbors, but to take part
in the Government of the United States ? Can they
be regarded as intelligent and independent voters?''
Now, with such convictions of the total un-
fitness of the colored race to vote and the dan-
ger of appointing them to office, in the honor-
able Senator's mind only a few years ago, and
since their emancipation, he at least ought not
to wonder or eomplain that the Kentucky peo-
ple prefer a white to a colored mail agent.
But good men would harm neither. Can the
honorable Senator tell us how many colored
mail agents the Postmaster General has ever
appointed on mail routes in States north of
the Ohio and Potomac rivers? Did that offi-
cial not hope by changing Gibson from the
Lebanon route, where tor months he had qui-
etly discharged his duties, to a section of
country where he knew some disorders had
occurred, that something might occur which
would afford him the opportunity of display-
ing his spleen at Kentucky ? It has that aspect
decidedly.
What a triumphant answer to all the allega-
tions of murder, violence, and oppression
against the freedmen in Kentucky is the safety
of Gibson as mail agent for months on the
Lebanon branch of the Louisville and Nash-
ville railroad. Had the Postmaster General
placed a colored mail agent upon the route
from this city to New York, iu the event of his
being assaulted or slain who believes that he
would have suspended the mail?*
How many acts of violence both upon the
carrier and the mail are committed by bodies
of bad men; and yet, when before has the
Postmaster General suspended the mail? It
is only in Kentucky, where a single individual
attempts an assault on a mail agent, that the
Postmaster General resorts to so extraordinary
a stretch of power and attempts to punish the
great body of the people for the folly or crime
of one man.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr- STEVENSON. With pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator has referred
to his messages to the Kentucky Legislature.
I believe it is not denied but what the refusal
to allow negroes to testify in Kentucky in cases
to which white men are parties does protect
crime committed against negroes. I wish to
ask the Senator whether he recommended to
the Kentucky Legislature, in any of his mes-
sages, that they should remove this disability
so as to allow a negro to testify in courts upon
the same terms with other witnesses?
Mr. STEVENSON. I did not recommend
it. 1 have little doubt, however, that it will
be soon enacted if the people are let alone and
not attempted to be dragooned by Federal
power. I believe Indiaua only adopted it
within five years past.
Mr. MORTON. Oh, yes ; long ago.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 think the Senator
in his message, as Governor of Indiana—if he
will look to the book before him, will find it—
alludes lo the question of negro testimony.
Mr. MORTON. The disability had been
removed before that, on my recommendation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I know it was done in
Ohio before Indiana, and it was not done in
Ohio till 1850. I have no doubt as the neces-
sity is made apparent to the people of Ken-
tucky it will be done. Mr. President, if the
Republican majority in Congress have determ-
ined upon new enactments enlarging and
tightening the iron despotism under which the
southern people have suffered so grievously
for six years past, and which they have borne
with such courage, why talk of committees
charged with the duty of reporting on the exist-
ence or non-existence of such outrages? Is
it not worse than mockery to enact laws by
which the larger portion of the southern peo-
ple are to be manacled and oppressed by the
minority, oil the ground that such outrages
do exist, and afterward institute an inquiry
whether they are not fables? Pontius Pilate
required no proof for his condemnation of
'innocence. What need has the dominant
party of witnesses, if party success demands
increased military rule and oppression? The
southern people shrink from no investigation.
They rather challenge it, if a fair inquest is
awarded them. But they protest against a
judgment and condemnation, and then to be
mocked with a trial. How unjust to single
out isolated cases of individual or combined
violence in any State and make it the basis
of stringent and unconstitutional legislation
against the whole people.
1 know nothing of the condition of the affairs
of the South. The distinguished Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has thoroughly ex-
posed the sophistry and error of the majority
report on southern outrages. He will be fol-
lowed by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Blair] in a day or two. The exposure ot the
falsity of southern outrages by the Democratic
party maybe well confided to these gentlemen.
But I cannot forbear calling the attention to a
judicial trial which recently occurred in Golds-
borough, North Carolina. I am exceedingly
anxious that the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. IVilson] should hear this statement. He
persuades himself that, the freedmen in the
South are the chiefvictims of outrages by white
men. The thought that the freedmen them-
selves commit outrages upon freedmen as well
as upon white men bafflw his comprehension.
I hope the account from the Goldsborough
(North Carolina) Messenger, giving the detailed
account of a judicial trial in that town, may
tend to remove the delusion :
"Five negro Ku Klux—Henry Viek, Dick Fort,
George Hodges, Peter Cool ey, and David Read—wet e
arraigned before Wayne county superior court, his
honor, Judge Clarke, presiding, on Thursday, March
9, to answer an indictment found against them
for the whipping of Alex. Daniel, also colored. We
have heretofore refrained from alluding to the mat-
ter, anticipating that the parties wou d be brought
to trial at the presentterm of court, having no desire
or disposition to prejudge or to prejudice the public
against the prisoners. The cases were called up
on Thursday. The jury impanneled consisted of
eleven whites and one negro. At least four of the
jurors are known to be Republicans in politics.
The prisoners were ably delended by their counsel.
The testimony elicited was in substance: that on
Tuesday night of the May court. 1868, a mob of ne-
groes, some sixteen or twenty in number, went to
the house of Alexander Daniel, an old and respected
negro man, aged sixty-two years, who resides in
Wayne county. Two of the mob entered the house,
told Alex, to get up and go along with them to Golds-
borough; said they were soldiers and had orders
to arrest him because he voted the Democratic
ticket, (which was equivalent to voting the colored
people back into slavery.) Alex. Daniel claims to
have recognized David Read as one of the two who
entered his house, They forced him to accompany
them, and Alex, soon found himself surrounded by
a large gang of negroes—most all of them had guns.
He recognized Peter Cooley, Henry Vick, Dick Fort,
George Hodges, and Read; also Abraham Hill,who
has not yet been arrested. He was seized and taken
some distance to the fork of the road, when the
Sarty halted and told him to take his choice—either
e killed or whipped. Alex, chose the whipping.
They then dealt him about sixty lashes, and told
him if he told the d—d rebels about it they would
come back and kill him anyhow; whereupon they
all ran off, leaving Alex, to get home the best he
could. Alex, was badly whipped, and, consequently,
laid up in bed for nearly a month. One of the de-
fendants tried to prove an alibi by his brother; but
it seems of no avail. Old Alex, had proven a most
excellent character by several of onr best citizens
who have known him nearly all of their life; and
the defendants were not &o fortunate. The evi-
dence as a whole was of the most positive and
convincing character, and though the counsel for
the defense labored bard to find a way of escape for
the prisoners, the testimony of * old Alex.,' corrob-
orated by other circumstances, stood unimpeaeberl;
and therefore carried too much weight. The charge
of his honor was clear, positive, and, we might add,
impartial; whereupon the case was given to the
jury, who, after ashortconsultation, returned a ver-
dict of 'guilty.' Up to the time of our going to press
tue sentence of the court has not yet been an-
nounced. This being the only case of Ku-Kluxing
in this county, we are satisfied that his honor will
not flinch in his duty, but make an example of the
present instance."
This trial occurred since we have been in
session here, and the facts, as detailed, cannot
be questioned.
My honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] asked me the other day if I could cite
him to any State not having a Democratic
Governor where any of these disorders exist?
I was amazed at the question. Let the Senator
look to South Carolina, where negro suprem-
acy, from the highest to the lowest office in
that State, is in full operation. I believe that
the colored race there are represented on the
supreme bench of the State, in both branches
of their Legislature, and in the other end of
this Capitol. And yet, within five days, the
newspapers inform us that the President of
the United States has been waited upon by a
deputation from that State invoking Federal
troops to quell disturbances there, why have
not the Republican colored officials been able
to suppress internal violence there ? It is not
a Democratic State ; but these excesses and
disorders far exceed anything that has ever
occurred in Kentucky.
But I am most happy to give the Senator
another signal example. I will cite him to a
State which has not only been reconstructed,
but one of the oldest and most honored iu the
Union. Nay, sir, more ; a State in which the
freedmen openly resisted and defied the officers
and legal process in such numbers as to induce
the Governor of that Commonwealth, under
special legislative authority, to call upon the
President of the United States for troops to
aid him in executing the law.
