338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 29J
to or shall, from any cause, fail in or refuse
protection of the people in such rights and shall
fail or neglect to apply to the President of the
United Slates for aid in that behalf. Such
facts, &c. Who is to decide that they are tbe
facts? Who is to determine that the Governor
or the Legislature of a State have failed or
neglected to perform their sworn duty? The
old common sense of this country used to hold
that the people of the State decided this^ques-
tion, or the courts of such State. But now,
sir, we have the proposition made that, not the
people, not the courts of the State, or of the
United States, not Congress, but the Presi-
dent of the United States. And upon his
decision may depend the peace, life, and lib-
erty of the people, because it is clear, under
this section of the bill, that even after the
employment of the militia, and of the land and
naval forces of the United States, he may
adopt "other means." What"" other means"
may he select? Sir, is it possible that we, the
Representatives of the people, will delegate to
one man such immense power over Common-
wealths, States, courts of justice, and the life
and liberty of the citizen?
By the fourth section still further power and
discretion over States and the peace of the
nation, as well as over the life and liberty of
the citizen, is given to the President. It is
with him to decide what are unlawful com-
binations, their purposes, and simply their
ability (not their intent) to set at defiance or
overthrow the constituted authorities of the
State; and it is with him to decide the fact of
the complicity with, or connivance at the pur-
poses of, such powerful and armed combina-
tions. An unlawful combination may exist
■which does not and cannot be made to be
rebellion'; yet, sir, upon the discretion and
will of one man depend, by this bill, the lives,
liberties, and property of the whole people of
the United States. Sir, is this extraordinary
power thus given to one man and are the
extraordinary provisions of this bill warranted
by the Constitution? Are they within our
power to enact or delegate ? Is that warrant
to be found in the enumerated powers or the
indirect grants ? The judicial and political
construction of that instrument prior to the
adoption of the fourteenth amendment enables
us to answer no. Is it to be found in the
fourteenth amendment? I respectfully but
firmly protest that it is not. What is that?
I had intended, Mr. Speaker, to give my
construction, as was my duty, upon that article
of the Constitution, but my allotted time will
not allow me to do so. But I now call upon
the gentleman who is to follow me, and I
direct his attention to this fact; that the fifth
section of that fourteenth article of amend-
ments applies not to the first section, but to
the second, third, and fourth sections, and
that that was the meaning of that section;
that the first section is simply a prohibition
upon the States, and"does not propose to grant
any power to Congress. The prohibition of
power to the States does not necessarily invest
Congress with the right or duty to exercise
the power so prohibited to the States.
Now, sir, the safety and preservation of
our Constitution and the liberties of the peo-
ple can only be secured by the strict construc-
tion of that instrument and a rigid adhereuce
to its guarantees.
Sir, I charge that this bill destroys the
guarantees of life, liberty, and property of
the people, secured by the fifth article of the
amendments. I charge that this bill destroys
State governments and local tribunals, so dear
to the people as means of securing their rights
of person and property. I charge that this
bill places the lives, liberties, and fortunes of
the people within the power of one man.
Mr. Speaker, does the condition of the
country demand this sacrifice of popular rights
and constitutionaMiberty ? Is there so much
of anarehy, or of war, that we should place
all that Americans hold sacred iu the hands of
a single person? I answer from the heart of
that great people, there is not!
Then, sir, what is the lesson and duty of the
hour? It is that you retrace your steps, go to
the people of the South with words of kind-
ness ; go and convince them that in a spirit
of justice you will administer the Government,
making its burdens and its benefits equal;
remove all causes of irritation, proscribe pro-
scription, and, in my judgment, that people
will show te you and to the world that they
are fit custodians of the trust to preserve con-
stitutional liberty now and forever. Rever-
ently are they now attached to the institutions
and forms of government under fthich they
were born and reared. They want no king,
no emperor, no monarch, no dictator, no cabal,
no oligarchy, but a government where the will
of the people (bound only by sacred obliga-
tions to respect the rights of the weak and
unfortunate) shall be the supreme law of the
land; a government where equal and exact
justice shall be done to all men of all per-
suasions—a government like that made by our
fathers. Give us, Mr. Speaker, such a gov-
ernment, and around it our affections will
gather now, and with it our hopes and our
energies in the future will go, to preserve it
and perpetuate it forever.
Sir, in the few minutes remaining of my
time, I hope the House will indulge me in a
few remarks somewhat personal to myself. I
protest my own devotion to a republican form
of government. With me it is as dear as any
aspiration connected with life, and if I have
one motive in life above another, it is that
that form of government shall be perpetuated,
and shall be transmitted to my generations in
all coming time. Much has been said about
a secret organization in the southern States.
I have opposed any such organization from
its inception, for the reason that I believed
that secret .political organizations were at
war with the theory of a republican govern-
ment. I have opposed it as a matter of prin-
ciple, and I am here to declare, for and on
behalf of my people, that at no time during
the existence of that organization (for I do
not believe it exists now) did it have any
earthly connection with political parties in
Tennessee. It was organized, so far as it
may have existed then, under a belief on the
part of those who were engaged in it that it
was necessary in order to protect the honor
of our men and the virtue of our women ; it
was simply and purely personal. With these
remarks, I thank the House for the attention
given me.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I approach
the discussion of the pending question with
no hostility to the people of the South or any
part of them, but with an interest in their
welfare and prosperity that I scarcely feel for
the people of my own colder section of the
country. .They are the children of the past;
and appreciating the trials they are compelled
to endure, I give them my sympathy, and am
ready to labor with them to convert the cross
they bear into a crown of triumph. I thank
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Whit-
tiioknk] for alluding to the material resources
of the South, and thus diversifying the argu-
ment on that side of the House, on this and
kindred questions, by referring to them and
proposing them as a subject worthy of con-
sideration.
Sir, as I listened to his statement of the pro-
ductions of the South, as shown by the recent
census, and which he seemed to think startling
by reason of their grand totals, I could but grieve
at the meager result and ask myself what they
would have been had the people of the South
frankly accepted the condition of affairs at the
close of the war, and, looking to the future, had
welcomed immigrants from the North and from
other countries with their enterprise, their in-
dustries, their capital, and, if you please, their
cupidity; for I know that there is no part of
our country, and doubt whether there is any
part of the world, that presents such golden
invitations to the poor man of skill and enter-
prise, or the rich man, who would, by legiti-
mate and productive industry, speedily double,
treble, or quintuple his capital, as the territory
embraced in the States lately iu rebellion.
As I have traveled through that section two
causes of wonder have been steadily presented
to me: one the amazing natural wealth of the
couutry, and tbe other the terrible poverty
and ignorance of the mass of the people.
How vast and varied are the resources of the
South when compared with those of the North 1
Its cotton, tobacco, rice, and sugar fields, of
which it enjoys the monopoly, are surrounded
by fields on which every production of the
North may be grown in greater abundance, in
proportion to the labor expended, than we
can produce them; its water power, greater
certainly than that of the eastern and middle
States of the North, runs, as it has done
through centuries, to waste; its mineral re-
sources are in such variety and combination
as are nowhere else found within the limits
of our broad country; its sun shines all the
year round, so that while they of cold New
England or the far Northwest are housed
around the hearthside and the glowing fire, and
the children and good-wife are robed in wool-
ens, they of the South are sporting in the open
fields and consuming fuel only for culinary pur-
poses. And yet with all these resources the
people of the South are to-day—-in a less degree,
thank God, than I found them in the spring
of 1867—steeped in poverty and unfamiliar
with many household and other conveniences
which the working people of the Noith are
used to and regard as essential to their com-
fort and that of their families. The homes of
the working people of Philadelphia, lighted with
gas and supplied with hot and cold water and
bathrooms, afford comforts which you will find
only in dwellings recently erected in the large
cities or principal towns of the South.
I speak of these things not to disparage the
people of the South or to wound their sensibil-
ities. Their deplorable condition is the result
of the infernal system of slavery, which denied
wages to the laborer, and so robbed toil of its
dignity and aspirations and capital of its just
rewards. When and where labor is well paid
capital turns rapidly, for there are many con-
sumers of its productions, and with each turn
comes profit. Where industry is honored and
rewarded and capital is safe cities spring up,
and that which was farm land, little better, iu
the absence of a near market for its produc-
tions, than valueless, becomes priceless with
the growth of the city, around which farm land
increases with marvelous rapidity in both its
market and its intrinsic value.
No; the statistics presented by the gentle-
man from Tennessee do not prove his case.
The results he disclosed with such an air of
triumph are so meager that they militate against
his conclusion. When the census of 1880 shall
be taken thoughtful men will study it, and look-
ing back upon the results he has presented will
see how terrible have been the results of the
madness of tbe southern Democracy as ex-
hibited in their treatment of the freedmen and
of northern and other immigrants, and in per-
mitting secret armed societies to intimidate
capital and enterprise, and constrain them to
remain without her borders or to flee from
them after having had the temerity to enter.
I ask gentlemen on the other side of the House
whether the proposition is true, as to auy con-
siderable part of the South, that a northern
man can take his capital, his family, and his
skilled workmen with him, and, having estab-
lished himself quietly, identify himself with
the Republican party, and still live undis-
turbed and unharmed?
Mr. DOX. I say it is true ; and I speak for
the district which I represent and for a great
portion of the State of Alabama.
Mr. KELLEY. I am glad to see one gen-
tleman from the broad South who can say so.
