100
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Maxell 31,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Mr. President, I wish I could stop there ; but
I cannot. After the troops had, upon the re-
quisition of the Governor of Virginia, by order
of the President, been ordered to the aid of
the sheriff of Norfolk county, and the latter-
named officer was about to execute the le^al
process against the colored freedmen resisting
it, the United States troops, by order of the
President, were suddenly withdrawn, and all
assistance refused to the enforcement of the
law. Both the Governor and Legislature of
Virginia were ignored by the President in their
appeal to him for aid in the suppression of this
combined resistance of the freedmen to the
law. I desire to do no injustice to the Presi-
dent. I therefore read from Governor Walk-
er's annual mes&age, in 1870, to the General
Assembly of that Commonwealth. The Gov-
ernor says:
"During the Into war, by authority of the Freed-
men's Bureau, or otber Federal authority, a large
number of colorcd peopio wore settled, and have
ever since continued to reside upon, a plantation
known asTaylor's farm.in Norfolk county, and upon
a plantation known asCeley Smith's farm, in Eliza-
beth Citycounty. When the funetionsot the Freed-
men's Bureau ceased, these people were left in pos-
sesion of these properties, supposing, as they claim—
and no doubt honestly, in their ignorance of right
and law—that they had a right to the same because
ot the authority by which they had been put in pos-
session. And i hey were not disabused of this idea,
as they ought to have been, by these authorities.
Several unsuccessful attempts were made to peace-
ably remove these poople and restore the possession
of the property to the rigntful owners. Finally,
ejectment suits were instituted in the civil courts
and judgments rondered, prior to tho restoration
of the Stare to representation in Congress in Janu-
ary lost. But for causes to mo unknown writs of
possession wore not executed, and an attempt lately
ln.tdo to cxeeute such writs by the sheriff of Eliza-
beth City county was met with armed resistance by
these coloredpcople."
Here is an armed resistance in a sovereign
State by armed negroes.
"These occupants declare that they were put in
possessionol this property by thellnited States, and
that they will yioid possession only to tim United
States Government, or by its authority. I am in-
clined to believe, from information I have received,
that any attempt to enforce the writs of the courts
by Suto force* might result in bloodshed, whilo I
have no doubt that the officers of tho law will have
no difiioulty m performing their duty, and will avoid
bloodshed, it a small force of Uniled States troops bo
phved at lti< ir disposal. In view of these facts,
it would appear to me desirable that the General
Assembly should, in the mode prescribed by tho
Coiii-titution and laws of the United States, request
of tho President of rho United Sr,ttes such military
force as will enable the sheriff-; of the countics
named to execute the legal process of the courts m
these eat-es.
" On the next day, the 23th of March, tho General
Assembly passed a joint resolution m accordance
wnhtiio foiegoniK recommendation, and the same
W'ix promptly tian^mittod to the President of the
United States. In duo tiuie an order came from tho
War Dopai tmerit to General Uanbv, then command-
ing this dopai linenr, to furuUn tlio aid requested.
At my suggestion General Dauby ordered troops to
tho assi-aaiiee of tho i-heriff of Eliz > both Citycounty
iir-t, who, with the aid thus rondered, successfully
exi.'curpil tin; process of ihe courts, t entertained
tho hope thar the example thus set would have a
beneficial effocr upon tho illegal occupants ot Tay-
lor's laiin. in Norfolk county, and, with this view,
advi<ed some delay in the falter case; but in this I
wk disappointed. In the mean time this State had
ben-u iil.uched to the department of tho east, and to
its commander. General Irwin McDowell, I applied
for aid for the sheriff of Norfolk county on tho 31st
ot ^I.ty last. In response to my application troops
w> reordered from Fortress Monroe to the assistance
of ibe sheuff of Noifolk county on or about the 21st
d iy of Juno following. On the 22d day of June i
icceived from G'-nesul Barry, commanding at Fort-
ress Monroe, a telegram, of which tho following is a
eop> :
Fort Monroe, June 22,1870.
His Hxccllcncy Gilbert C. Walker.
Governor o) Virginia .*
In obedience to a telesrraphio order from the hon-
orable the Secretaiy of War, I have this day recalled
tiie detachment of troops sent by mo to tho Taylor
farm to protect tho sheriff of Norfolk county.
WILLIAM F. BARRY.
"Atvd at about the same time I received from the
sheriff of Norfolk county the following telegram:
Norfolk, Virginia, June 22,1870.
His Excellency G. C. Walker,
Governor of Virginia .♦
Captain Piper, commanding United States forces,
sent to assist me, has been ordered back, and not to
render tho sheriff any further assistance. What must
I do—carry out the law and execute the balance of
the writs ? I have displaced two thirds and torn down
the buildings.
Troops lelt at 6.50 a. m.
T. W. MAYHEW,
ShariJ)\ (2'uylor's Farm.)
"Iat once telegraphed the sheriff to hold his posi-
tion. but without bloodshed, if possible, and at the
same timo sent a telegram to the Secretary of War,
ot which the following is a copy':
Commonwealth of Yibginia.
Executive Chambers, Richmond, June 22, 1870.
The Hon. Secretary op War, Washington, D. C. ••
I have received this morning the following tele-
grains :
Norfolk, Virginia, June 2,1870.
His Excellency G. C. Walker,
Governor of Virginia ;
Captain Piper, commanding United States forces
sent to assist me, has been ordered back, and is not
to render the sheriff any further assistance. What
must I do—carry out the law and execute tho bal-
ance of the writs? I have displaced two thirds and
torn down the buildings. Troops left at 6.30 n. m.
T. W. MAYHEW,
Sheriff\ ( Taylor'8 Farm.}
Fortress Monroe, Virginia, Jme22,1870.
His Excellency Gilbert C. Walker,
Governor of Virginia .*
In obedienco to a telegraphic order from the hon-
orable the Secretary of War, I have this day recalled
the detachment of troops sent by me to the Taylor
farm to protect the sheriff of Norfolk county.
wm. f. barry.
I have cause to believe that this withdrawal of tho
aid of the military forces ot the United Slates will
render tho execution of tho process of the courts
much more difficult, and will tend to bloodshed, tor
reasons horetotore forwarded to the President.
Please advise mo why the late order from your
department, and the order of tho department com-
manilor have been modified or rescinded ? Whether
the aid of the United States forces can be restored to
tho sheriff? If so, please causo it to be done at
once.
An immediate answer by telegram is requested in
view ot the emergency of the case.
G. C. WALKER,
Governor of Virginia.
"To this dispatch I received thenextday thefol-
lowing reply
Washington, Juno, 22,1870.
His Excellency Governor G. C. Walker :
Your dispatch of this date has been submitted to
the President, and I am directed by the Secretary
of War to s;sy that the order withdrawing the troops
will bo adhered to.
E. D. TOWN.SEND,
Adjutant General.
"No explanation whatever of this extrii.ordina.ry
transaction has ever been vouchsafed to mo. The
failure to respond to my respectful inquiry for the
causes of this action, and the silence upon that sub-
jeot which has oversince been maintained, clearly
demonstrate that it was without justification, pallia-
tion, or excuso."
Does the Senator from Indiana justify the
official conduct of the President of the United
States in his refusal to aid Governor Walker in
the enforcement of the law and putting down a
forcible resistance of it by the freedmen? What
can the Senator from Indiana say in defense
of the President's conduct in this transaction?
Ts it the President's theory that when white
men resist the constituted State authorities
Federal troops will be furnished to aid in sup-
pressing force, but when the freedmen seize
private property and resist legal process he is
justified in refusing? I trust not. I hope the
Senator from Indiana will be enabled to give
us some explanation of the course pursued
by the President towards the Governor and
Legislature of Virginia in this transaction.
Governor Walker tells us that up to the period
when his tnessage was communicated to the
Legislature the President had refused all ex
planation for the sudden withdrawal of tho
United States troops.
It may suit our Republican friends in their
present extremity to raise a hue and cry against
the Democracy and confederates in Kentucky
and in the_ South as composing thesecret polit-
ical organization by which violence and dis-
order are committed and upheld there. This
is a wild chimera of their imagination. His-
tory will attest that during the sixty years that
the Democracy administered this Government,
whatever its errors, its most envenomed revil-
ers can cite no instance when the President
was called upon by the Governor of an Amer-
ican Commonwealth for Federal troops, to aid
in the suppression of domestic violence or com-
bined resistance to law, in which such aid was
not promptly furnished and the Constitution
and law upheld.
Scan the refusal of the President to aid
Governor Walker in putting down violence in
that State, and how does it tally with the
recent message transmitted by him to Con-
gress?
I have trespassed, Mr. President, too long
upon the patience of the Senate. I have felt
that Kentucky had been singled out and treated
with intentional injustice in the suppression
of the mail. I felt, too, that the honorable
Senator from Ohio and the honorable Senator
from Indiana had been imposed on in repre-
sentations that the outrages committed in
Kentucky were political in their character or
had been sanctioned by either Democrats or
confederates. I am proud to say that the
Republican party and the Democratic parly
are alike the friends of law and order, and
both equally desire the suppression of violence
throughout the State.
Bad men exist in both parties, and where
bad men appear excesses and disorders will
occur. The killing of a man named Lighter
has been cited by Senators. That occurred
since ray resignation. 1 have heard that
Lighter was a Ku Klux, and was hung by his
associates in violence for an alleged revelation
of some of their misdoings. Such was the
rumor. If this be true, it is an illustration
that they who live by violence often die by it.
But Judge Bruce in his charge to the grand
jury, cited by the Senator from Indiana, rtflecis
truiy the opinion of ail good men, irrespective
of party, throughout the State. It may bo true
that this mere handful of bad men have so far
escaped detection and punishment. But it
cannot always be so. Cei.se your oppressive
and vindictive measures against Kentucky.
Leave the people to exercise local sell govern-
ment without any centralizing influence of
Federal power, without military interference,
and without threats, and, my word for it, the
Legislature will do their duty by prompt,
proper, and stringent legislation, and every
species of violence will disappear.
But I protest, in the name of constitutional
liberty, against the false clamors of violence
charged upon the southern people as the basis
of congressional enactments unauthorized by
the lettter or spirit of the Constitution, and
in violent antagonism to our free institutions.
Protection of Life, etc.? at tine South.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN POOL,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the United States Senate,
March 81, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the res-
olution of Mr. Sherman directing the Committeeon
the Judiciary to report a bill to authorize the Presi-
dent and courts to execute the laws, and protect and
securc life and property-
Mr. POOL said:
Mr. President: I suppose it needs no apol-
ogy from me for asking of the Senate a patient
and a candid hearing on the question that is
now pending before the body. It so nearly
concerns the State which I represent on this
floor that I must take the time to state dis-
tinctly and candidly to the Senate whatever I
may feel in regard to it, and my views upon it.
Perhaps, however other Senators may feel
upon the subject, it is impossible for any one to
have the same interest hi the question that I
have, or to understand it in all its real bear-
