1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
Mr. RAINEY. I will say that it is not true
as to the State which I have the honor to rep-
resent in part on this floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I can say in reply to the
gentleman from South Carolina that citizens
of Pennsylvania have within sixty days ap-
pealed to the President of the United States
to protect them and their laborers in working
a gold mine in South Carolina which they had
been foolish enough to purchase; and that
within a fortnight several State and county
officers of that State have been notified by the
ICu Klux that they must, under pain of assas-
sination, resign their officesand leave the State,
which some of them have done.
And to the gentleman fronv-Alabama I am
able to say that in 1867 at various points in
Alabama Ifound northern men deploring their
folly in haying made investments in that State,
and declaring their willingness to take one half
of the money they had invested for the pur-
chas'e and the improvements they had made;
and that while they did this, they also told of
the magnificent results which would follow could
they be permitted to enjoy in freedom the prop-
erty they had legally acquired. This, sir, was
in and around Montgomery, the capital of Ala-
bama, as well as in less populous and accessible
purls of the State.
Sir, the showing of southern productions
made by him will not, I repeat, sustain the
theory of the gentleman from Tennessee. lie
says the agricultural productions,of that sec-
tion equal in value the entire productions
of the North. Will the statesmen and econ-
omists of the South never escape from this
sad delusion? Why, sir, the annual hay crop
•alone of the northern States equals in value
the annual crop of all the agricultural staples
of the South, among which, of course, I do
not include hay, which is now, as a result of
the exigencies of the war, produced there to
some extent.
The argument presented by the Democrats
on this bill, except the suggestions of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, which I now leave, is
to me an old and familiar one. It may present
some novel aspects to new members, but to
those of us who have been here for the last
ten years it is an old song, threadbare, and
sadly monotonous. Its burden is the want of
constitutional power. Sir, when I came here
ten years ago that plausible but fallacious sug-
gestion was ringing not only in my ears but in
the ear of the nation, "You cannot coerce a
State, because the Constitution does not invest
you with the power;"' and in the long interim
I have heard the suggestion repeated as an
argument against every bill or proposition
that has been before the House for the purpose
of suppressing the rebellion or securing to the
people the results of the war.
President Lincoln's call for seventy five
thousand troops was wholly unconstitutional,
according to the theories of the Democratic
1 members of the House. For weeks and months
the country rang witli their denunciations of
the "unconstitutional" suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus. The law authorizing the
issue of irredeemable legal-tender notes was,
as they asserted, a stab at the Constitution
from which it could never recover. The draft
was unconstitutional, so nefariously unconsti-
tutional that it was to be resisted by force if
necessary. The States alone must supply the
quotas of troops, and upon them the call must
be made. We can all readily imagine the
alacrity with which Kentucky, pledged to neu-
trality, would have responded to such a call 1
Confiscation and emancipation 1 for neither of
these was there a warrant in the Constitution,
said the leaders of the Democratic party. So,
too, as to the enlistment of colored troops.
Well do I remember hearing in this Hall, long
after the midnight hour had passed, while Crit-
tenden and Wickliffe were still here from Ken-
tucky, the thundering denunciations of the
violation of the Constitution involved in that
measure. White farmers, workingmen, and
others might die to save the country, but to
put the life of a valuable slave at risk in such
a cause was to the Democratic mind a sacri-
legious violation of the Constitution. When
we admitted West Virginia as a State the coun-
try was almost deafened by the cry that it was
unconstitutional, inasmuch as the State of
Virginia, then a member of the southern con-
federacy and in arms against the Government,
had not given its consent thereto, in accord-
ance with the requirements of the Constitu-
tion. Here 1 should pause, lest I weary the
House by bringing to the attention of gentle-
men matters that are so well known to tliem.
But, sir, I may remind you each of the con-
stitutional amendments has been met with
the same absurd suggestion, that the Consti-
tution could not be so amended; that it was
B£t in the power of Congress and three fourths
or the States, or of all the people of the
States, so long as one citizen should dissent,
to constitutionally adopt such amendments
to the Constitution as these. And, sir, the
doctrine of the absence of constitutional power
in Congress to save the life of the nation and
protect all the people in the enjoyment of
their rights meets us here and now, with
unabashed front, notwithstanding the many
discomfitures its adherents have encountered.
It is a cardinal dogma of the. Democratic
party. It was uttered ill the Blair letter, and
indorsed by the convention that nominated its
author for the Vice Presidency; and should
that party achieve the ascendency, it will
endeavor, by force or otherwise, "stamping
out," I think, is the expression, to repeal or
nullify the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution,
As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Whitthorne] adjured us to-day to retrace our
steps, it will try to retrace the steps which we
have taken and undo the work we have done,
and which, if peace is to dwell within our bor-
ders. must stand forever. " Retrace your
steps," said he. How far back would he have
us go? Will he and his party friends be con-
tent if we wipe out the fifteenth amendment,
or will they require us to add to it the four-
teenth and the thirteenth? Will they pause
there, or do they intend to require us to unite
with them in returning to slavery those in
whose veins flow in equal degree Caucasian
and African blood, and those in whom seven
eighths of the blood bind them by ties of closer
kindred to the white people of the South and
the other one eighth to descendants long ago
biought in slavery from Africa?
How far'must we retrace our steps to secure
the blessed boon of peace? Not one step.
No, gentlemen, there will be no retracing of
steps. We Republicans mean to go ou until
we shall give full force and effect to every
provision of the American Constitution, until
we shall have embodied not only in the laws,
but intrenched in the daily habits of the Ameri-
can people, the great prophecy made in the
Declaration of Independence and referred to
by the scholarly and eloquent gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] to-day, the right
of every man within our broad limits to be
absolutely free in the enjoyment of life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. Until this shall
be done the Heaven-inspired Republican party
will not have accomplished its mission.
Sir, a Government that cannot protect the
humblest man within its limits, that cannot
snatch from oppression the feeblest woman or
child, is not a Government. It is wanting in
the vital attributeof government. The power
to protect its people inheres indestructibly in
all Governments, and that frame of constitu-
tion or laws which does not provide for it fails
to establish government.
But in our case we are not left to infer-
ence and deduction. The declaration of this
correlative power and duty is blazoned in the
fore front of our Constitution. Its preamble
is brief but pregnant, and among the few
declared objects of the Government then to be
created were these: "to establish justice, to
insure domestic tranquillity, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the blessings of lib-
erty to ourselves and our posterity." These
were objects for which our Government was
ordained ; and it is little less than impious for
gentlemen to tell us that no powers granted
originally or ingrafted by any of the amend-
ments empower us to secure to all the people
of the South their specified and fundamental
rights. Sir, if without the powers given by
the recent amendments to the Constitution we
had not had the power to make and enforce
such a bill as this, the life of the nation could
not have been maintained, and the Govern-
ment must have gone down in the midst of
war in the earliest days of the rebellion. We
found, as exigencies arose, that the powers
with which to meet them were in the Consti-
tution, and we exercised them, as I doubt not
we would do now, independent of the recent
amendments to the Constitution.
Sir, we are in the condition of war. Domestic
tranquillity does not prevail throughout the
South. I admit that there may be considerable
portions of the country in which a general
state of good order prevails. I make due
allowance for a condition .of society follow-
ing a great war. I make due allowance for
all that, and for the effects of the poverty
and ignorance that necessarily resulted from
slavery. Violence is to be expected under
such circumstances. Violence, sporadic, emo-
tional, sudden, riotous, turbulent, we were
to expect. But the possibility of organized,
armed, trained, drilled, sworn bands of mur-
derers, who shoulcbmurder for political effect,
came not within the scope of my imagination.
Yet the proofs are glaring as the sun at noon-
day or the stars in a moonless and cloudless
night that this state of affairs has existed and
does exist to a largo extent among men who
are bound by the highest honorable obligation
known to soldiers, a parole of honor, to remain
at peace. The camps or Klans of the Ku IClux
are in many instances officered by paroled con-
federate officers, and largely composed of pa-
roled soldiers. Their camps and Klans are a
military organization, and they are all armed.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Elliott] told us the other day that there came
to them through the port of Charleston, in
swiftly recurring invoices, great numbers of
Winchester rifles, and a particular species of
revolving pistol. Poor men, without visible
means of support, whose clothes are ragged
and whose lives are almost or absolutely those
of vagrants, are thus armed with new and costly
rifles, and wear in their belts a brace of
expensive pistols. I will not pause to ask who
furnish these weapons, with which southern
Republicans are to be awed into silence and
inaction or murdered.
I repeat, sir, that this is war. And that the
facts known to us would justify Congress in
declaring certain counties of South Carolina,
those recently in disturbance, and from which
the officers were driven, and certain parts of
other States to be in rebellion, and authorize
the President to use the United States Army
in the suppression of armed rebellion and the
establishment of peace and order. The bill
under consideration proposes no such violent
remedy as this. It proposes to apply legal
and peaceable remedies there, and anywhere
else in the country where, under the circum-
stances described in the bill, the laws are
resisted or nullified by force or armed con-
spiracy. I would have no more done for the
South, or for any of the southern States, than
I would have Congress do for my own State,
and than Congress did do for my own State.
When the men of western Pennsylvania under-
took to resist the law by armed combination
Washington marched the troops of the United
States and the militia ljnder his command into
that State and restored order, and we. the
good people of Pennsylvania, have found none
of our rights invaded, nor our institutions at
