102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
42d Cons....1st Sess.
They distinguished themselves by their good
behavior; and they ought to be entitled to
consideration for it by the men who got the
benefit of that good behavior. But, sir, they
are now freemen ; they have tasted the sweets
of liberty for five or six years. Should another
civil tumult arise, should there be another re-
sort to revolution and to arras, can we expect
the same thing ? I know that we could not, and
that we ought not. No people who have once
been free will be reduced to slavery, or quasi
slavery, without a struggle to maintain their
liberties. But, sir, I was not referring so much
to retaliation in that event, but to retaliation
now, and we have had some of it. I have been
surprised at the course of remark on the part
of some Senators in regard to one or two in-
stances of the retaliation which we have had.
Now, to go into details for a moment, take
the case that is brought to our attention by the
minority report as well as by the majority re-
port of the select committee, in the county of
Chatham in my State, where there was barn-
burning, where it is proved that there was a
"Union club," as it was denominated, com-
posed of nineteen colored men, who, in retal-
iation for the awful outrages that had been
committed upon colored people in that county
and upon some white people who were their
friends, bound themselves together and decided
that they would burn the barns of several citi-
zens. They executed it, and I doubt not, if it
had been necessary, they would have executed
it to the extent of murdering any one who
opposed them.
Hon. John Kerr, who has been lauded here,
and from whose laudations, received at the
hands of Senators, I will not take anything at
all, says that in the county of Caswell, which
was one of the counties declared in insurrec-
tion, there have been instances of retaliation
of this kind. Yes, sir; and the wonder to me
is that they have not been in greater numbers.
I suppose it is a wonder to everybody. But
gentlemen endeavor to confound that with the
operations of the Union League. I find that
Senators are confounding the ''Union Club"
of Chatham county with the Union League.
That is national, as 1 understand. 1 never
was in a League in my life; I cannot speak as
to what they do inside the Leagues; but gentle
men who have been connected with them, of
bigli respectability, and upon whom I rely, not
only in the South but. in the North, have rep-
resented to me that they were innocent in all
their purposes, that there was no lawlessness
advised. However, sir, I may speak of that
in connection with the testimony before I get
through.
Sir, I believe, as a citizen of North Carolina,
that the leagues have been the means through
which a greater amount of this retaliation has
been prevented. If the colored men had not
been under the control, to some extent, under
the advice, under the counsel of men of con-
science and honor, who advised them against
the horrid resort to retaliation, they would
have resorted to it in a thousand localities
instead of two or three.
Now, sir, how long can this condition of
affairs exist without retaliation being resorted
to generally? Living there, having to take
my chances and my lot with whatever may
come, I fear it, and I have feared it for two
ears; and that more of it has not occurred
mention to the praise of the colored people
of the State of North Carolina.
But, sir, there is another difficulty and an-
other trouble upon us in our local interests
and in our local safety that must grow out of
these disguised, masked bands of marauders.
That, loo, has occurred in one instance and
it has been seized upon by every Ku Klux, and
every friend of the Ku Klux, and every parti-
san whose zeal and blindness has led him
into palliation of their crimes, for the purpose
1
of throwing dust, covering up, and confusing
the truth as it is. I have reference to what I
may denominate bogus Ku Klux. That is to
say, men who do not belong to the regular
order, and are not connected with it in any
respect, seeing that other men can put on their
disguises and whip and murder whomsoever
they please and no punishment follow, may
suppose that they, too, may put on disguises
and with impunity wreak their private venge-
ance, or steal, or rob. Is anything more
natural'?
Why, sir, no matter who lives in a com-
munity where these outrages are perpetrated by
the Klau, what security has he? Though he
be in league with the order himself, what
security has he that some villain desiring his
money or his life msiy not imitate the genuine
Ku Klux by going to his house in the dead
hours of the night in disguise, supposing that
the disguise carries with it impunity, and com-
mit any crime? I have been surprised that
more of this has not already occurred, and I
feel the most serious apprehension that we
shall soon see it multiplied a thousand-fold.
In the county of Orange one instance occurred
which is proved before the committee—it is
the only one I know of in the State—where a
band of colored men, six in number, disguised
themselves by putting their shirts over their
heads, instead of the regular Ku Klux dis-
guise, and, mimicking the Ku Klux, went out
and committed depredations upon other col-
ored men.
What then occurred ? That is the very key
to this whole subject. What occurred ? The
community rose up. They had not done it
when five or six men had been hung in the
county by genuine Ku Klux and fifty or sixty
scourged, and whipped, and maimed. Then
there had been no rising up ; but when it was
told around the neighborhood that six Ku Klux
had gone to a certain locality and taken a col-
ored man out and whipped him and taken some
of his property, of course all the Ku Klux knew
that it was none of their doings, that they had
not had such an order in their camp, that some-
thing was wrong, that somebody else was as-
suming to act m their name, and the whole
Klau rose up at once, and these poor colored
men found that not the disguise but the organ-
ization was the protection against punishment.
They are now serving their time in the peni-
tentiary. There was no difficulty in the world
iu convicting them. They had no organization
at their back to protect them ; they had no
leaders to throw smoke by denials and pallia-
tions, no newspapers to deny or to excuse, no
lawyers to volunteer their services to defend,
no confederates to perjure themselves as wit-
nesses or to sit on the jury in their behalf.
These are some of the dangers; but I will
refer now to another one, winch I casually
alluded to before, that has been pressing upon
me, and that still is pressing upon all thinking
people. It is the danger that the necessity will
arise for the United States Government, with
the strong arm of the military, to put us back
into a territorial condition, to put us under
martial law again. What does martial law
mean? Perhaps Senators who have not ex-
perienced it do not exactly know. I have
seen it. The people in the South know what
it means. They fear it; and that fear would
have a repressing effect. It ought to have. I
would that my voicc could reach every south-
ern man when I warn him from this Chamber
that the growing sentiment here is that nothing
else will do. Martial law! It moans the sus-
pension of t.he habeas corpus. It means mili-
tary tribunals. It means the breaking down
of that great bulwark of Saxon liberty—the
trial by jury. Jt means the substitution of
military men asjudges and jurors, it means
the danger that rnep will be convicted upon
insufficient testimony, and often innocent men
punished. It means the quartering of soldiers
upon communities, subject to all those petty
outrages that must occur where soldiers are
quartered among those whom they consider
their enemies and the enemies of their flag.
It means the subsistence of troops, whose
presence has been rendered necessary by the
communities where they are quartered upon
the communities. It means the impoverish-
ment of the property holder, the taking of his
means to support the troops whose presence
has been rendered necessary. Sir, it means
all that any lover of his section of country
ought to be desirous of avoiding.
Having premised this, I hope the Senate
will bear with me if I take a retrospect in order
that I may take something of a philosophical
view of the causes which have led to this state
of things. If a remedy is to be applied for an
evil, it is'well to know why it exists, what is
the cause of its existence. It does not exist
in Massachusetts, it does not exist in Ohio.
What is the cause? What lies at the bottom
of it? I would sum it all up in the single word
" sectionalism."
Sectionalism led to the rebellion ; and well
do I recollect the scenes through which I, as a
young politician, passed for the four, five, or
six years prior to the rebellion. 1 know what
appliances were brought to bear to lash up the
southern mind to that issue, "to fire the south-
ern heart," and I see those appliances rife
to-day. What were they? Just what I now
see. We were told by one party in the South
that the South must be a unit, that every man
was a traitor if he did not go with the general
current of sectionalism. It was denunciation,
continued denunciation of any man who raised
his voice in favor of nationality. I was raised
a member of the old Whig party. It was called
the Union Whig party; and when I became
cognizant of the effort to sectionalize the South
I went into the fight against it. I found my-
self denounced, and those with whom I acted
denounced as untrue to their section. There
was no abuse too violent, there were no epiihets
too disparaging to be used against us then.
I met them then as I meet them now. I know
that the old Whig leaders were as patriotic, as
earnest, and as honest as were any men in
this country. They were accused of sinister
motives. They had applied to them every
epithet to make them odious in their locality.
They were denounced as abolitionists, as trai-
tors to the institution of slavery and to the
South.
But, further, a comparison was in those days
instituted between us and northern Democrats,
and the speeches of northern Democrats were
paraded through that country, and we were
compared with them and said to be traitors to
our section, while northern patriots and true
men were standing up for our interests. You
can well imagine, sir, how before an ignorant
and prejudiced crowd of people such a thing
would have an effect.
There were two weapons, the most potent
of all that were used in stirring op sectional
strife. The one was proscription in business
and society, denunciation, slander, abuse; the
other was a reliance upon northern aid. But
if it had been known to those southern people
that iu case of an effort to dissolve the Union,
the whole Democracy of the North would
turn against them, it would never have been
attempted.
I felt at that time, (not that I reproach north-
ern Democrats or northern men, because I be-
lieve they knew not what they did.) but I felt
that they were the real enemies of my section ;
they were goading on and encouraging our peo-
ple to a step that would bring ruin upon tbem.
it was a sham, a mere party move by northern
men. But it was life, it was all to us, as we have
experienced already. And, sir, when the war
ddmhiiitieed, wk6h the rebellion broke ttpdli US
