18T1-3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
Senate/
and arms were resorted to, did I see any abate-
ment of those efforts?
There were in the State of North Carolina
men who were as true to the Union as any
in the State of Massachusetts or the State of
Maine, or any other State; men who desired
by every means in their power to prevent the
catastrophe that was threatened ; men who
were willing to risk their lives, if need be, in
averting it as far as they dared do so. And I
am persuaded, I may say I know, there were
similar men in all the southern States. They
were dangerous men to the confederacy. They
were men whose power with certain classes was
a standing threat to the confederacy.
It was necessary therefore that these Union
men should be put down; that whatever there
was lingering of a Union sentiment should be
suppressed. The confederate leaders were
right. If the rebellion was just and proper,
they were right in this also. I confess they
could not well tolerate an enemy in their midst.
As the war progressed, after the first mes-
sage of Mr. Lincoln, every man who raised
his voice, or did an act, or refrained from doing
an act that caused him to be suspicioned of
disloyalty to the confederate government was
denounced as a traitor. His social and his
family relations were materially changed. He
could have very little business relations. He
was persecuted, if I may use the term. In
many instances, such men were arrested, were
imprisoned, in some instances shot down; but
those were extreme cases.
But, sir, the confederates feared that this
Union sentiment as the war progressed would
grow. It was feared during the whole contest
that upon any reverse to their arms a Union
sentiment wouid grow up, would assume shape,
and it was necessary, therefore, in that despe-
late struggle that there should be some encour-
agement given to the people, encouragement
to those who were contending voluntarily as
well as those who had been constrained to con-
tend, and discouragement to those who had
been restrained from doing any act that might
interfere with the smooth operations of the
confederate government. It was necessary
that some encouragement should be given by
which their strength should be imparted to the
confederate arms.
Well do I recollect, and I wish to bear the
testimony before the Senate of the nation, that
of all the potent means that were used to
encourage that population to go on the most
potent was the continued assurance of the
confederate leaders that they had sympathy
from the northern Democracy. I have files
of their papers now which I could show, but I
will not take up the time of the Senate to do
it, lor no man will deny it. They teemed
with promises that tne great Northwest would
rise up and put down the cursed Yankees in
their effort, to overthrow the South; that the
Mississippi river was the great outlet to the
Northwest, and that they would never be will-
ing to see that river in the hands of an un-
friendly power, and hence they were ready to
make favor with the confederacy. Names
were given—I do not know that it would be
improper to mention Mr. Vallandigham and
others—to encourage the idea that there was
a northern element that favored the rebellion,
and they turned upon southern Union men
and said, "You here are opposed to the inde-
pendence of the confederacy and your section,
while these northern men, as you see, are
rising to our support."
1 do not know that there was any truth in
this. I do not charge it. I have seen so many
falsehoods from that source, I have seen false-
hoods so long, so persistently, and so success-
lully used, even to this hour, to accomplish
nefarious purposes, that I give little credence
to this. We were told that England would
eomc forward« that Great BHfcaih #as fgadj,
when a proper occasion should arise, to recog-
nize the confederacy. That, too, was held up
to the very last. hour. I am mentioning these
things, Mr. President, to show you and to
impress upon the Senate what appliances were
used through the war and with what power
they operated.
Sir, I would not here in my place in the
Senate, or elsewhere, undertake to cast a re-
proach even upon the leaders of the rebellion.
The time has passed when anythmgof that sort
is necessary, when in my judgment it can be
properly indulged in. The great body of the
southern people after they entered into the re-
bellion solemnly believed that they were right
and that the nation was wrong. They were
conscientious. I know there were exceptions.
I have nothing to do with them, nor will I
advert to them at all. But, sir, however it
was, whether they believed they were right or
not, whether they were conscientious or not, I
do insist that the time has passed by when the
nation can deal with that question. The great
body of the southern people were rebels, if
you please ; I am not disputing that; but they
were not traitors. You may designate those
men as traitors who, holdtng office Uuder this
Government, or sitting in this Congress, or in
the Cabinet of the nation, or holding com-
missions in the Army ot the nation, while hold-
ing the commissions, plotted treason against
the nation. Their deceived followers might
have been rebels, but they were not traitors.
But when the war ended the Government failed
to take the means of punishment, and I do not
think that now it is competent for that ques-
tion to be dealt with, so far as it relates to the
occurrences during the war. The nation has
to deal with what is going on now; what these
men are doing now. A reference to the war
is only for an explanation of the purposes and
of the foundation of the present condition of
affairs.
Mr. President, when the war closed what
was the condition of the South? We were
subjugated. It was absolute and unconditional
subjugation. There were efforts made during
the continuance of the war, especially in 18G4
and the first part of 1865, before all the con-
federate armies were swept from the field, and
before thousands upon thousands of men were
slaughtered upon both sides, which occurred
subsequently and before the war terminated,
to bring about negotiations. What southern
man does not now regret that the terms offered
at the Fortress Monroe conference were not
then accepted ? Who was it that instead of
accepting terms when they had a right to ask
terms, by virtue of the military forces which
they had in the field, refused to accept them
and reduced us to absolute subjugation?
That was the condition to which we were
reduced ; and who reduced us to it ? The lead-
ers of the rebellion ; the authorities of the con-
federacy. And how were those men treated
who were called peace men in 1864 and early
in 1865, who advised and endeavored to get up
a popular sentrment in favor of accepting terms
and escaping absolute subjugation ? In the
same way that they were treated before the
war ; in the same way that they were treated
in the commencement of the war. They were
denounced as traitors to their country. They
had their reputations and their characters
blackened by every slander a vile and remorse-
less tongue could invent. The papers teemed
with the same abuse that I hear now of every
man who raises his voice against the Ku Klux
of the South. They were met by the assur-
ance that northern Democrats were on the
side of the confederacy and would yet come
to its aid, and that England would come to its
aid, and by denouncing every man who under-
took to change popular sentiment in favor of
peace and of accepting terms of surrender.
Thwe werfc dtksr Afipliahfees, I aiiiait. Th&re
were arrests, imprisonments, shooting, hang-
ing. I know that the Governor of rny State in
1864, when the peace movement was inaugu-
rated there and primary peace meetings were
being held throughout most of the counties of
the State, issued a proclamation in which he
called it treason and denounced it as a rebel-
lion against the confederacy, and thus sup-
pressed those meetings.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 should like to ask the
Senator who that Governor was.
Mr. POOL. There is a reason why I should
not bring that name into this discussion. I
did not mean it to have any connection what-
ever with anything pending before the Senate
in a different way. I merely referred to it
showing the means used to suppress an effort
on our part to avoid the consequences jaf ab-
solute subjugation. Subjugation came, and it
came in all its force. The whole country was
overrun. It was under the military power of
the United States. I shall never forget what
an eminent general in the Army of the United
States told me was the effect of the consum-
mation of events when I went to him after the
surrender to know what could be done for our
people and how we were to be treated. I was
told that the life of every man and all his prop-
erty was at the mercy of the military command -
ers. He made it as no threat, rather smilingly
made it, but assured me that such was the law of
war. He said that, of course, the sentiment of
an enlightened Christian age would prevent
anything wrong being done, that there was no
disposition to resort to violence; but upon the
abstract question I was told, and I suppose
truly, that under the laws of nations, having
fought until we were subjugated, and especially
as we were put in addition in the category of
rebels, we had no rights that the military au-
thorities were bound to respect| however much
they might respect them in deference to the
sentiments of the age and the requirements of
humanity and justice.
Mr. President, I was proceeding to remark
upon the condition to which the southern States
were reduced on the termination of the rebel-
lion. I was proceeding to say that the con-
dition of the southern people upon the sup-
pression of the rebellion was that of absolute
subjugation. Now, sir, what did that mean?
It meant that we were obliged to accept any
terms which the conqueror chose to put upon
us. Was it not wise, I would ask, to accept
those terms in good faith when there was no
power of resistance whatever left to us ? I men-
tion this to show the wisdom of those with
whom I acted on that occasion. I believed
and they believed that there ought to an accept-
ance of the first terms; that the old adage was
a wise one: the first proffer of a compromise is
generally better than any that will come after
it. I will not dispute the question which was
raised here yesterday, as 1 understood it, by
Senators, whether or not there was a refusal
to accept the first terms offered after the sur-
render ; but 1 will say this : after a few months
had elapsed it became perfectly apparent that
the Government of the United States believed
there was not a disposition on the part of the
southerp people to accept such terms as they
believed were requisite to the future peace
and safety of this nation.
The fourteenth amendment, which is the
great bone of contention now, was submitted
by Congress on the 13th of June, 1866. When
that fourteenth amendment was proposed as
the terms upon which we were to be admitted
back to the Union and upon which this ques-
tion was to be settled, of course it became a
very grave question as to what it contained and
what it meant. There was a large body of
the southern people who at once took ground
against it; but there was also a large body of
the southern people who advocated its aocept-
! atlfiS. I know hot what ivas done in the Dtlier
