1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
free exercise their right ? Gentlemen from the
South will learn.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Allow me just a mo-
ment. I wish right here to state that I voted
freelv, willingly, cordially, cheerfully for the
amended constitution of the State of Tennes-
see, which secured to the colored man his
right to vote and bis equal political equality.
In the first constitution ever adopted in Ten-
nessee that right was secured to him.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the
gentleman for the interruption, as it enables
me to say to him that while he was out of the
House I testified my gratitude to him for having
relieved this debate of some of its monotony
by going somewhat out of the usual Democratic
routine and bringing to the attention of the
House the wondrous resources of the South.
I thank him also for his generous bat well-
earned tribute to the humanity and fidelity of
the colored population of the South during the
rebellion, it stands, sir, a spectacle for gods
and men, that so many millions of this long
enslaved and oppressed race, who, limited as
their opportunities have been, have since shown
that there were among them so many capable
of performing all the duties of citizens, and who
are animated by noble aspirations; but who,
while the master and adult male members of the
family were away fighting to maintain slavery,
they toiled for and watched over the wives
and children and aged parents of their oppress-
ors, trusting, with child-like faith, to the (Jod
whose day of deliverance they believed to be
surely at hand.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Will the gentleman
allow me to say——
Mr. KELLEY. I prefer not to be interrupted
farther. Mr. Speaker, as I am speaking with-
" out notes, I cannot yield. These interruptions
divert me from the point 1 am considering.
1 have said that we are in a condition of war,
and would be justified in resorting to the use
of the Army. I now beg leave to suggest to
gentlemen from the South that while by gen-
eral law the parole of a soldier expires when
the definitive peace is made, there are circum-
stances which are exceptional. I believe such
circumstances now exist, and that shooting,
like a spy, under the orders of a drumhead
court-maitial, would come within the law in
the case of many of these armed Ku Klux.
Nothing of that kind is proposed in this bill;
nothing similar to it is suggested by any of its
provisions. But, sir, should it appear that
these armed organizations originated or were
planned before the paroling of those men, and
that they went home to organize themselves
into companies, battalions, and regiments,
into a general military organization, in pursu-
ance of a preexisting plan, the violation of
their bond of honor would bring them within
the law applicable to a paroled soldier taken
as a spy or in arms against those to whom he
has given his pledge of honor. I am but bring-
ing to the attention of gentlemen what is within
purview of the law, and what, if the northern
people were revengeful or seeking to degrade
the South, would be on the tongues of millions,
would indeed be the popular demand.
But, to recur to a point to which I was ad-
dressing myself when diverted by an interrup-
tion, the negro, who is spoken of so slightingly
by gentlemen is now one of the political ele-
ments of the country. There are more than
four millions of them in a population of about
thirty eight millions. They must have not
only what the Constitution guaranties to them,
the right of suffrage, but must be recognized
in all communities as an element of our peo-
ple, entitled to all rights, privileges, and im-
munities, and subject to all duties in common
with other citizens. And the sooner gentle-
men, especially in South Carolina, where, in
1860, four sevenths of the people were of
African descent; in Mississippi, where a still
larger proportion of them are so; in Louis-
iana, where the races divide about equally;
and in other sections, learn this fact, the
sooner they will enjoy peace and prosperity.
The sooner they quicken into fruition the
hopes, aspirations, and energies of the blacks
and the poor whites of the South, by giving
them steadiness of employment, by inviting
to their midst capital to advance industrial
enterprises, the sooner will they enjoy peace
and safety and a measure of prosperity which
no part of the South has ever enjoyed.
It is within my knowledge, sir, that in the
early part of 1867 there was a combination of
northern capitalists who had gathered together
subscriptions amounting to $300,000,000, to
be placed at the disposal of the people of
the South on such security as they could give.
These men were ready to establish a Credit
Mobilier with such a capital which would
lend money on mortgage payable in annual
installments, the entire principal not to be
called in for a given number of years. At the
instance of these gentlemen I wont through
the South to look at its resources and to report
upon the probable safety of such investments,
and from New Orleans I made a preliminary
report, such as cowld be made by observa-
tions from the railroad and from intercourse
with the people I had met upon the great
thoroughfare. It was favorable. The next
report they received was of a certain scene in
Mobile, in which, as my companions tell me—
for military power restrained me from making
a personal examination—the wall before which
I stood while speaking to the people was
marked with sixty-seven bullet-marks. One
man was struck in the head, the bullet passing
around under the scalp and taking off part of
the ear as it catne out. Another within three
feet of me, placing his han<l3 upon his abdo-
men, cried out, "My God, I am shot!" and
fell dead to the sidewalk. That was the next
report. It had precisely the effect, gentlemen,
that these assassinations of humble men have
upon your interests and those of your con-
stituents.
Every man driven out of the South, every
annoyance, social or otherwise, inflicted upon
his family, is a barrier to the flow of capital and
a check to the development of your resources.
And for your sake, as well as for the sake of
our common country and her free institutions
and laws, I will support this bill. I do it in
no spirit of hostility, but with a feeling of
fraternity.
You could have had in Mississippi a large
infusion of young farmers from Lancaster
county, Pennsylvania, but for the slaughter of
the two Zooks, who had gone there^ without
politics or political affiliation and carried their
hereditary estate with them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE rose.
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to yield. And,
Mr. Speaker, when their crop of cotton was
ripe and ready for picking their carcasses were
found in thefield. The neighbors who had
annoyed them up to that time would not per-
mit them to enjoy the fruits of their la.bor; and
the negroes, who had been paid their wages,
and had not worked on shares, were charged
with having murdered them, because, as it was
falsely said, their wages had been withheld,
and they suspected that the crop was about to
be carried off.
Every instance of that kind takes from the
South her power, disparages her in the estima-
tion of others, and breeds doubt and dissension
among her people; and I say to gentlemen
who expect the steps we have taken to be
retraced : " Do not lay to your souls the flat-
tering unction that if the Democratic party
comes into power you will undo what has been
done." Eevolutions which enfranchise mil-
lions of men never go backward. Masses of
men once enfranchised, and who have drank
freely of the waters of freedom, cannot lie re-
enslaved. Join with us, then, m giving peace
and security to your fertile and beautiful sec-
tion. Say to these people who were so Immune
and so loyal to your families daring the war,
" We will protect you; we will win your love and
confidence by guarantying your rights." Do
that, and it will give you peace, and result in
your prosperity; and the North and Europe will
hasten with their capital to rebuild your waste
places, to construct your railroads, make your
harbors, and convert your now useless miner-
als into wealth for you and the world. The
school house and the church will then arise
where are now to be found vacant barns in
which camps and Elans of Ku Klux meet to
arrange their unholy work.
Do not dream that you can disfranchise these
men. They know what freedom is, and even the
worm will turn and sting. If we do not inter-
pose to give them safety, and you have notthe
generosity to do it, beware; foraday may come,
if millions of people shall be driven to despair,
when for every freedman's hut that is deso-
lated ten blazing mansions may illumine the
midnight sky. Sink them not to that condition;
save yourselves, I implore you, by proving that
there is in you as much humanity as there
was in the slaves who, while you warred for
their degradation and enslavement, labored for
and watched over your wives and children.
[Applause.]
Mr. BECK rose.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will move an adjournment.
Sir. BECK. I am willing to yield for that
purpose. I am not so fully prepared to go on
this afternoon as I hope to be to-morrow morn-
ing.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
appointment op committees.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following committees:
Committee on Friiiting—Mr. Beatty, of
Ohio; Mr. Ellis II. Roberts, of New York;
and Mr. Price, of Georgia.
Committee on Accounts—Mr. Buffintox, of
Massachusetts; Mr. Sawyer, of Wisconsin ;
Mr. Harris, of Mississippi; Mr. Archer, of
Maryland ; and Mr. Lewis, of Kentucky.
american express company.
On motion of Mr. CONGER, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers accompanying
the claim of the American Express Company.
george ii. docsman.
On motion of Mr. MITCHELL, by unani-
mous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the files of the House the memorial of
George H. Dousman, with accompanying
papers, presented to the Forty-First Congress
and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
contested election—rogues vs. snyder.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House additional testimony in the
contested-election case of Rogers vs. Snyder,
second congressional district of Arkansas ;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of-Elections.
The question being put on Mr. Bright'8
motion, it was agreed to ; and thereupon (at
three o'clock and fifty minutes p. vn.) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. HILL: The petition of William
Powell and 020 others, citizens of Paterson,
New Jersey, asking that a duty of sixty pet
cent, ad valorem be levied on all importations
of machinery manufactured in part or in whole
of iron or steel.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of L.Sperling
and 01 others, settlers on the Osage Indian
trust, lands in Kansas, praying the enactment
of a law to extend the time of payment by set-
tlers for the lands occupied by them.
