342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 30, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. L. W. Earle, of Michigan.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of Seth
Russell & Sons, of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, praying indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. BLAIR presented a memorial of citizens
of Las Animas, Huerfeno, and Bent counties,
in the Territory of Colorado, against the con-
firmation of the Vigil and St. Yraiu grant in
that Territory; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a
petition of soldiers of Michigan, praying for
the enactment of a law granting to each hon-
orably discharged soldier, sailor, and marine
one hundred and sixty acres of land; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of
Mrs. Annie Dorsey Reeves, of New Castle,
Delaware, praying compensation for the use
and occupation ot' her house and property in
Charleston, South Carolina, by the United
States forces under direction of the Freed-
men's Bureau; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
disposition of confiscated property.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order. If there are no Senate
resolutions 
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
which was under discussion in the morning
hour yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves to proceed to the consid-
eration of the amendment to the restrictive
rule offered by himself.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I desire to pre-
sent a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair called
foi- Senate resolutions; but the Chair will
entertain the resolution of the Senator from
Kentucky,
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved. That the Secretaries of the Tr easury, of
War, and the Navy do report to the Senate, at its
next session, by appropriate schedules, till property,
by classes, with its estimated value, which has been
seized or taken possession of since January 1 1861,
by the orders, authority, or m the name ot rhcir De-
partments, respectively; what disposition was made
of said property; what portions of it wore sold, with
the several sums; what became of the money arising
from those sales; what sums thereof were paid into
the Treasury and what to individuals, with their
named and the amount tooacii; and what portion
ot said property, with its kind and estimated value,
was delivered to or retained by individuals, with
their names.
Mr. COLE. Let it go over.
Mr. CONKLING. i ask to have the com-
mencement of the resolution, the first two or
three lines, read again.
The Chief Clerk read the first portion of the
resolution.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ?
Mr. WILSON. I move that it lie over and
be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I am sorry that
the Senator from Massachusetts wishes to stifle
that information.
Mr. WILSON. The resolution will come
up to-morrow morning.
Mr. CONKLING. May I suggest to the
Senator from Kentucky that so far from an
objection being in the way of stifling the in-
formation, as I catch it by the ear, [ think a
very large part of it is in public documents
now; and if there be an objection to it it
would be rather to the amount of labor that it
JffOuld involve, particularly as to that portion .
referred to as contained already in reports
■ .heretofore made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. All I want is to
have the information condensed and together,
and if it is partly in print it will be the more
easily done.
Mr. CONKLING-. That maybe; but it will
involve immense labor.
Mr. WILSON. I have no disposition to
suppress the information. Let the resolution
be printed and come up to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made,the resolution will lie over, and the order
to print will be made.
business of the session.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to take up for consideration the motion made
by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
to reconsider a bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts the report from the
Department on the subject ?
Mr. WILSON. I have one ; but I am will-
ing to reconsider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island has moved to proceed to the
consideration of a resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. Igiveway. Iunderstand
that resolution is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have it
taken up, and then I will give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island, to proceed to the consideration of the
amendment to the restrictive rule offered by
himself.
The motion was agreed to.
bounties to soldiers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island now yields to the Senator from
Massachusetts, who asks unanimous consent
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the motion to reconsider the vote on the
passage of the bill (S. No. 219) to carry into
effect the decision of the Supreme Court relat-
ing to bounty to soldiers enlisted between the
3d day of May and the 22d day of July, 1861.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This motion
was made prior to the adoption of the strin-
gent rule in relation to considering special sub-
jects at this session, and 1 therefore think the
Senate ought perhaps to consider this matter.
I moved the reconsideration. A report was
made which showed that the Senator from
Massachusetts was in error in supposing that
it would not include more than four or five
thousand men, that it would include some
thirty-eight thousand in addition; but the Sen-
ator is willing to modify the bill so that itshall
conform to the representations made by him
at the time, and I therefore desire the matter
to be reconsidered and the bill placed in the
form in which the Senator from Massachusetts
is now ready to place it, and that it be suffered
to pass. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Although the
motion to reconsider was entered previous to
the passage of the restrictive rule, it requires
unanimousconsentnow to consider the motion
to reconsider, as it is in the nature of legis-
lation.
Mr. CASSERLY. May I ask to have the
bill, the vote upon which it is proposed to
reconsider, read for information ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That every non-commissioned officer, musician
wagoner, artificer, oi |ji ivato of voluuteeis who en-
listed, for three years between the 31 day of May
and the 22d day of July, 1861, and was during that
t *?eo0r at subsequent time mustered into the Uni-
ted States servioo on such enlistment, and was hon-
orably disohai-ged, beiore serving two years, tor
causes other than wounds received in line of duty,
shati be entitled to $100 bounty.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the motion to reconsider will be re-
garded as agreed to, and the vote on the third
reading of the bill will also be reconsidered,
and the Senator from Massachusetts now moves
an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment 
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that that
bill, if we are to have an amendment put upon
it, and are required to vote upon it, is one that
demands some consideration. I should like
myself to examine it a little further. I think
it very probable that some bill of the kind
should pass; but certainly no bill ought to
pass without a proper discussion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I assure the
Senator from California that, having examined
it, I am satisfied that the amendment now pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts does
limit the bill within the decision of the Supreme
Court, and I therefore hope he will not make
an objection to its passage.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will consent that that
amendment be read for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the bill is before the Senate, subject to a demand
for the regular order, which has gone over, as
the Senate resumed the consideration of the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The Senator from Vermont explained the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to this bill; the Chair then asked unani-
mous conseut for the consideration of the
motion to reconsider, stating that it required
unsfnimous consent, under the restrictive rule,
and it was granted. The reconsideration was
agreed to by general consent, and the third
reading of the bill was reconsidered. The Sec-
retary will first report the amendment, and the
Chair will then call for objection or a demand
for the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That all soldiers who were mustered into tho ser-
vice ot the United States for three years, between
the 3d day ot May and the22d day of July, 1861, and
who were honorably discharged before serving two
years, by reason of disability contracted in the ser-
vice, are entitled to receive $100 bounty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is subject
to a demand for the regular order.
Mr. COLE. We are now trying to correct
hasty and inconsideratelegislation. I hope we
shall not repeat it by acting upon this proposed
amendment without having due time to con-
sider it. I think it ought to go over until to-
morrow morning. I agree with my colleague
in that.
Mr. WILSON. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to itsgoing over until to-morrow morn-
ing. I wish simply to say that the amendment
which has been proposed in tny judgment
reaches just about one half of the cases, and
■we shall yet have to pass a bill to reach the
other half. I think the report of the Second
Auditor's office is a wonderful exaggsration of
the cost, and that the amount needed to carry
out the decision of the Supreme Court will
neverexceed $1,000,000. This amendmentwill
cover about four hundred thousand dollars. It
reaches the cases of persons who were dis-
abled in the line of duty, who, by reason of
sickness or otherwise, were discharged—the
most deserving eases. Therefore, I was willing
to take this as a part of the decision of the Su-
preme Court; but the decision of the Supreme
Court covers more than this amendment.
There cannot be a shadow of doubt about it;
and it will ultimately have to be paid, for it is
a promise that we cannot get away from. I
am willing that the bill should go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. COLE. I hope it will go over until
to morrow. I should like to look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California demands the regular order. Is
there consent that this hill may be printed and ,
taken up, with the amendment, to-morrow
morning ?
