104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
States, but there was an election in my State
held about that time under the reconstruction
policy of Andrew Johnson, as it is sometimes
called, and the fourteenth amendment, as well
as the whole question of reconstruction, and
what would probably be our condition and
what we ought to do, was involved in that
canvass.
A Legislature was elected fresh from the
people, and assembled. To that Legislature
the fourteenth amendment was submitted.
They were elected upon a discussion of the
question ; and, whatever may be said as to the
other States, I know now, as I knew then,
that there was no disposition on the part of a
majority of the white people of North Caro-
lina, who were then the only voters, to accept
it. I know that it was denounced and scouted
as an insult to southern honor, especially the
disqualification clause. But, sir, the clause
that would elevate the colored man to the
position of citizenship and secure to him his
rights, and especially that clause which gave
the power to Congress to enforce the amend-
ment by appropriate legislation, were most
vociferously denounced.
1 am not able to give you the exact vote of
that Legislature on the fourteenth amendment,
but my recollection is that out of about one
hundred and seventy members, there were only
forty two who voted to accept it. I know that
the number was small; that there was a refu-
sal. I might go on and repeat what I said a
few moments ago in regard to the appliances
that were brought to bear upon preceding oc-
casions, and which were repeated against those
who were advocating the acceptance of the
fourteenth amendment. It was the same old
cry of being a traitor to our section, the same
o'd policy of denunciation, slander, and abuse,
the same old assurances that the Democracy
of the North would come and save us from
such terms; the same old appliances.
Mr. President, 1 am perhaps tedious in re-
capitulating these things, but it is necessary in
order that 1 may make myself understood in
my estimate of the present condition of things
and of the underlying causes. 1 am not doing
it idly, but for a purpose. Time rolled on;
and in March, 18t57, Congress deemed it neces-
sary to pass the reconstruction acts. North
Caroliuians will well recollect the efforts that
others made, with my aid, to endeavor, if pos-
sible, to withdraw North Carolina, to dodge, as
some men then said, from under what we saw
was coming ; for it was evident that the nation
meant to force its reconstruction policy upon
the conquered States. Congress had announced
that, the future peace and security of the nation
required it; they had taken their stand ; and the
question was whether we could resist, it was
announced that the war had been waged, not
only to put down the rebellion, but to keep it
down, and that this measure was necessary
to keep it down, i will not criticise, nor will
I express an opinion upon the question as to
whether this reconstruction act was necessary.
I am not expressing an opinion upon the good
policy even of the fourteenth amendment. I
stand not here to discuss its merits. In some
ot its features it had my hearty approval and
approbation ; in other features it had not. In
the great liberty principles, tbe great princi-
ples of right, the immunities of American citi-
zenship, it, did have my approbation. I would
have preferred something different,, but what
were we to do? It was proposed, and pro-
posed by those who had the power, to put it
on us and to execute it. 1 ask if it wa3 w<se
policy to attempt resistance?
^ But then came the first reconstruction act.
That did not produce the desired effect, it
set ms. It, was said in the southern Spates—I
have riot examined the record—that, every
Dunocrat iu Congress voted against it. We
"wtre told that there was a great party beit.g
raised in the North ; that no matter for the
reconstruction acts, there was to be northern
aid ; the northern Democrats were to come to
the rescue and save us from the reconstruction
policy.
On the 23d of March, 1867, the first supple-
mentary reconstruction act was passed, Con-
gress still increasing in its stringency. It was
passed finally over the veto of the President,
with every Democrat in both Houses, as I was
then assured and believe now, voting against
it. That was repeated encouragement to re-
sistance. I wish Democratic Senators and
Democrats everywhere to see the wrong that
they are doing to the southern people, if they
do not mean in the last emergency to stand by
them even if they should again raise the flag
of rebellion in order to resist the elevation of
the colored man to political and civil equality
as provided in the reconstruction policy of
Congress.
Again, sir, on the 19th of July, 1867, there
was a second supplementary reconstruction
act, and that, too, passed over the veto of the
President, and with every Democratic Senator
and member voting against it, as I was in-
formed; and if it'is not so I should like to be
corrected. The great body of the Democratic
party certainly were held up to the southern
people as being opposed to it.
Again, on the 21st of January, 1868, a third
supplementary reconstruction act was passed.
Every one could see the determination of Con-
gress to put their reconstruction policy upon
the southern States. I looked upon it as mad-
ness to undertake to resist it. But, sir, the
Democrats of the southern States believed,
from the fact of every Democratic member
and Senator voting against the measures, and
from the assurance that the then President of
United States was on their side and had the
northern Democracy at his back, that they
could save the southern country from them.
That is the foundation of all the hopes, of all
the undertakings, of all the combinations that
have been raised or now exist to prevent the
practical operation of the fourteenth amend-
ment and the reconstruction acts in the south
eru States. If there has been a murder com-
mitted, if there has been a man or a woman
scourged, it can be traced to that very action
and to the encouragement that was given to
resist by force, if necessary, the operation of
the reconstruction acts.
I do not charge the northern Democrats
with intending to produce this state of things.
I do not charge them with complicity in any
crime, or outrage, or disorder. I would not
charge an improper motive upon any Senator,
nor would I charge it upon any man unless the
proof were so plain that the conclusion that he
was culpable was irresistible. Men often do
things the consequence of which they do not see.
1 wish the attention of the country called to the
damage that those who here profess to be the
friends of the southern people are doing them
when they encourage by word or deed acts
which, when attempted, must lead to ruin and
disaster. 1 have shown that in the inaugura-
tion of the rebellion there was much of re-
sponsibility upon those in the North who indi-
rectly encouraged it. I do know that but for
expected support from the then President of
the United Stales, backed as it seemed by the
votes in Congress of the Democratic party
through their representatives, there would not
have been that determined, fanatical opposi-
tion to accepting the final terms proposed by
tbe national authority.
Why, sir. I was told by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] m his speech before
the Senate a day or two ago, and i have heard
it elsewhere, that colored suffrage, which has
been so much abused and so much opposed,
and which was vo distasteful to the great body
of the southern people, was the consequence
of a manifest determination, as understood
here, as understood by the nation, on the part
of the southern people not to accept the recon-
struction policy. Hence, if there be anything
wrong, or odious, or to be deprecated in col-
ored suffrage, it is traceable to the opposi-
tion which was made under the lead and insti-
gation, whether intentional or not, of the
northern Democracy to the execution of the
reconstruction acts and the fourteenth amend-
ment.
Now, Mr. President, what is the fourteenth
amendment ? If there be anything in it that
looks to a perpetuation of the institutions of
this country, if there be anything in it that the
nation must adhere to as a matter of future
peace and safety, it is mainly contained in its
first clause. That clause has four distinct
propositions. I shall not go into them in detail.
It amounts to this : that the colored people of
the southern States shall be put upon a polit-
ical and civil equality with their former mas-
ters. That is what it means. There is not
only that, but there is added to it a clause that
Congress may, by appropriate legislation, en-
force this. 1 ask of every candid man if any
one could avoid the conviction that the nation
meant to practically enforce its policy in the
southern States, either by legislation, appli-
cable only to the courts, or, if necessary, by
military power?
That is the view I understood to be taken
of it on all hands. We all believed that the
Government was acting in good faith. Nobody
supposed that a measure adopted avowedly
for the purpose of saving the life of the nation
and preserving it in the future would be aban-
doned. We had experienced too recently the
tenacity and determination of purpose on the
part of this Government to suppose that it
would turn back when it had set its shoulder
once to the work.
Then the question was simply whether to
submit quietly and in good faith and aid in the
practical execution of the measures, or by idle
demonstrations of resistance subject ourselves
to further repressive and violent measures.
That was the question. I had no doubt my-
self, and I suppose nobody else doubted, that
the Government then intended to enforce the
fourteenth amendment and all its principles.
Now, what ought an honest, patriotic southern
man to have done, he without any regard to what
owed to the nation—I mean in a sectional view
merely, what ought he to have done ? We had
been placed by the madness of the leaders
whom our people had chosen in a situation
where we could resist nothing. I believed that
it was sound policy to accept the situation and
to offer no resistance in any form.
But it was necessary to form parties. There
was a proposition to form a Republican party.
It was understood then that the Republican
party was pledged to carry out these measures,
and it had the control of the Government. It
was understood that the Democratic party were
opposed to them; their votes iu Congress had
shown it. Now, sir, look at the elements of
southern society. Of course every man knows
that the colored people were in favor of car-
rying out the fourteenth amendment. Every
colored man was obliged to be in favor of it.
It was to bis interest; he was invested with
the right by the reconstruction acts to vote
upon it, and as a matter of course his vote
would becast in favor of his liberty. You may
talk about leagues influencing votes. I do not
know what is done inside of the leagues; I
never was in one ; but there was aud is human
nature even under the black skin. They had
liberty iffered to them ; they had rights offered
to them; they had protection in those rights
promised to them by thegreat and conquering
natiofi that, with its legions, had trampled
down before their eyes all opposition to its
power aud authority. Think you that they by
