1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
tried, and by a partisan Legislature has been
convicted and ousted from his office for making
that effort.
Mr. BLAIR. "Will the Senator allow me to
say, oil that poi^l, that of the Legislature which
impeached and the senate that convicted him
five I think, certainly four, Republicans voted
for his conviction ?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir. As I ara driven to
the question of how lie was convicted, I will
tell it all, and let us see how Republicans came
to vote that way and what they voted for. I
did not mean to make that episode in my
speech. In the first place, when that Legis-
lature assembled there were not two thirds
of the senate Democratic, and it required two
thiids to convict. There were not two thirds
of the senate which resolved itself into a high
court of impeachment that were of the ex-
treme political views that would have consum-
mated the act of deposing the Governor. They
went deliberately to work and turned out
Republican after Republican, and seated Dera
ocrats in their places, for the express purpose
of getting the requisite majority.
Mr. BLAIR. I will remark at this point
that then they followed a very bad example set
them by the Senate of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye
in the chair.) The Senator from Missouri will
address the Chair if he desires to interrupt tha
Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. BLAIR. I beg pat don.
Mr. POOL. Bad examples are contagious.
The example of violence set in the Demo
cratic platform in 1868 was contagious enough,
in my judgment, to have originated the local
violence tnat took place, and that is now
being carried on. Bad examples are very con-
tagious.
All the appliances that have ever been
brought to bear upon men who were opposed
to extreme measures before the war, during
the war, and since the war were set to work
for the purpose of securing this conviction. I
believe, and I have reason to believe—I do
not merely assert it as an idle rumor—that
the conviction was decided upon in caucus be-
fore the trial commenced. But, sir. it never
would have occurred, in my judgment, butfor
the minority report of the investigating com-
mittee, that went to the city of Raleigh just
in the nick of time.
Mr. MORTON. What report?
Mr. POOL. The minority report of the
senate committee, which I will examine before
Isitdovvn. It was understood that many Demo-
crats were opposed to conviction and intended
to vote against it, and there was a generi*! feel
ing, as I am informed, that there would be
no conviction at all. Democrats who had
expressed a disposition not to vote for con-
viction were threatened. The Ku Klux organ-
ization brought their whole power to bear upon
them, and upon Republicans, too.
Mr. President, allow me, as I have been
driven to this matter, to take up the acts of
that Legislature. It prolongs my remarks
beyond what I designed, and they must neces-
sarily he long enough any way ; but as 1 hap-
pen to be prepared on this question, let me
ask, what did the Legislature do? The very
first act when they arrived at Raleigh was a
proposition to print the message of the Gov-
ernor. They were elected, as I shall show, by
this Democratic Ku Klux organization. That
was the means by which they got a majority
of the Legislature. When they assembled a
message was sent to them by the Governor,
which contained some of his proclamations
and the evidence taken before the supreme
court exposing this Ku Klux organization.
For the first time in the history of North Car-
olina, if not m the history of any State, they
refused, by a party vote, to print that message
so that the people could see what the evidence
was.
Subsequently, when it became necessary that
the message should be printed for use by mem-
bers, with accompanying documents, another
proposition was made to print; but they
amended it so as to print the message only,
but none of the accompanying evidence against
the Ku Klux. _
The law against the Ku Klux, which was a
copy, I understand, almost verbatim, from a
New York statute, was swiftly repealed by the
Legislature. Just as soon as they assembled
they proceeded to repeal the law against this
organization. What was the effect of that?
!t was to show Republicans, as well as the
Ku Klux themselves, that the Legislature was
in the interest of the Ku Klux, and that they
need not fear any further interference on the
part of the State government.
That is not all. There was upon the statute-
book of North Carolina at that time a law
authorizing the Governor to employ detectives
when it became necessary; a law which 1
believe is very common in all the States; but
it had operated to the exposure of the Ku
Klux, and they were swift to repeal that.
Now, sir, to show you the spirit of the Legis
lature which convicted Governor Holden, as
the Senator from Missouri, by his reference to
the conviction, has called my attention to it,
and as it is an old and wise saying, that I may
perhaps be pardoned for repeating on the floor
of the Senate, that straws show which way the
wind blows, let me refer to a little incident
that occurred a week or two ago in the North
Carolina senate and since the impeachment,
which will show the spirit which is rife there.
During the rebellion, while the convention was
in session that passed the ordinance of seces-
sion, a resolution was adopted to place the bust
of John C. Calhoun in a place in the senate
chamber, and it was placed there. After the
war ended and the Union men obtained con
trol of the State, it was removed up stairs into
the library; 1 think a more fitting place for
the bust than the senate chamber. Since the
conviction of Governor Holden the senate has
deliberately passed a resolution to bring the
bust down and put it back in the senate cham-
ber. I do not know that it is wrong. I only
speak of it as something that is significant.
Every appliance was brought to bear upon
the Legislature, persuasion, threats,and every-
thing else, in order to secure aconviction. But,
sir, how did the question stand ? The Senator
says six Republicans voted for the conviction.
There were, I think, eight articles in the im
peachment resolutions. The first and second
articles embraced the whole batch of charges.
The subsequent articles were but subdivisions
of the first and second, and many of them had
very little in them. The articles were very
ingeniously drawj. The first and second con-
tained the whole gist of the charges.
Now, sir, the Governor was not charged
with corruption. They did not dare to charge
that. lie was charged only with the use of
the military and his manner of using it in
putting down the Ku Klux, the arrest of cer-
tain men, and the refusal to obey the writ of
habeas corpus. A vote was taken upon each
separate charge. On the first charge he was
acquitted. On the second charge, which was
general and comprehensive, he was also ac
quitted. Then, when it came to the minor
charges, I thmk he was acquitted on some of
those, but on some three or four—I do not
know how many—he was convicted, and it was
on some of these subdivisions that the four
Republicans, very improperly in iny judgment,
voted for his conviction. But the charges
were so drawn that they were almost obliged
to so vote, whether the act embraced any tur-
pitude or not. In some of the charges the
facts charged would not when critically exam-
ined embrace any guilt at all. It was on those
charges that the Republicans voted. But, sir,
on the main question, and this is the point to
which I desire to call the attention of the
Senate, in answer to the Senator from Missouri,
when the main question was put, whether,
having been acquitted on the two main charges
and convicted only on some of the minor
charges, he should be punished, there were no
Republicans voting to punish him ; but the
Democrats, those who were originally in the
senate and those who had been thrust in
against law to take the place of Republicans
legally elected, all stood in solid phalanx and
voted for the punishment that was inflicted,
the deposition from officp, and the disqualifica-
tion from holding office hereafter.
Sir, who were they who so voted to disfran-
chise the Governor of North Carolina? Eight
of them certainly, if not thirteen, as I am
told, were men who hold their seats avowedly
and without denial in direct violation of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, which they have taken an
oath to support. No man will deny that eight
of those senators are under disability, and they
confess that they are. 1 know some myself
who were members of the Legislature before
the war, who were clerks of courts before the
war, men of my acquaintance, and who were
confederate officers during the war, and who
have never been relieved, and yet are now
holding their seats in the State senate , and it
was by their votes that the Governor of the
State was deposed.
Mr. BLAIR. They were not. as fortunate
as the Governor had been in having his dis-
abilities removed.
Mr. POOL. And they were not quite as
careful in taking oaths as the Governor was.
If they had been they would have refused to
hold an office where they had to swear to sup-
port the Constitution until their disabilities had
been removed.
Mr. President, I find I have consumed a
great amount of time in discussing this ques-
tion in a general way, and I feel reluctant to go
into details at this time upon another branch
of the subject. I do not know but that it
would be more proper upon another occasion
that I should do so. As a matter of course,
we expect some bill to be presented to the
Senate. We expect this discussion to go on.
I find that I have spoken nearly three hours.
I had no idea that I had spoken so long.
I believe that legislation is indispensably
necessary, and thatit ought to be adopted now.
f do not believe that it will be possible, by any-
th ing that can be done in the State of Nor h
Carolina by the civil authorities, to put a su p
to the present outrages that are going on in
that Staie until there is manifested on the part
of the Government of the United States a dis-
position to enforce its laws and its Constitu-
tion. All that I desire is that Congress shall
act upon this matter in such form as they may
think the exigency requires. 1 would prefer
that there should not be a resort to extreme
measures. I would infinitely prefer that there
should be no resort to martial law as long as it
can be avoided, but I would be willing to see
a resort to anything rather than have outrage
and murder and disgrace and ruin, materially
and otherwise, continually visited upon our
people. I believe that if there is adopted a
wise measure giving the United States courts
jurisdiction in the course of eight months the
condition of affairs may be very materially
changed.
Mr. President, the question is simply with
the Congress of the United States, as I first
started out in stating, whether or not they will
enforce, by appropriate legislation, the four-
teenth amendment, or whether they will suffer
