1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
his friend, his coadjutor, and his tool; and
Davis did him the great service of causing the
armies of the United States to take possession
of all the polls in Maryland in that congres-
sional district, and with fixed bayonets at the
polls, to exclude every vote for Crisfield, a
good and able Union man, and one of the best
men I ever knew in Congress. His tickets
were of a particular color; the color of Cres-
weil's tickets was different; and the Army had
orders from the military commandant of the
Maryland district to exclude from the ballot-
box every ballot with Crisfield's color and to
admit all with Creswell's color ; and the con-
sequence was that Creswell was elected. He
verifies the old proverb, that is founded in truth
and in a philosophic knowledge of the human
heart, that one renegade is worse than ten
Turks.
Now, sir, when was this man Gibson ap-
pointed mail agent in the State of Kentucky ?
In July of last year. And on what route?
On the route from Louisville to Crab Orchard,
a very secondary and minor mail route in that
State. How long was he continued there?
Until some time in January last. Why did the
Postmaster General appoint a negro to con-
duct the mail on any mail route in Ken-
tucky? It was to play out the Radical policy,
to produce conflict and collision and blood-
shed between the white and negro race. That
was his purpose. It is as plain as the noon-
day sun. Mr. Creswell is an old political
stager. He understands what part he is ex-
pected to play, and he knows he must play
it in good faith or his head will roll into the
basket. The despot who rules at the White
House permits no disobedience to his orders,
no defalcation in subserving his interests.
This man Gibson was employed as mail
agent. I say here to the Senate, to every man
in it, and to every man in the nation, that that
was a mistake ; that it was a wrong to the peo-
ple of Kentucky ; that it was utterly revolting
to their wishes, to their sense of propriety. I
say that the Government ought to be adminis-
tered, not only with a view to the interests,
but to the feelings of the people, unless acting
in accordance with those feelings will cause
injury to the public service ; and I say that this
case of Gibson presented no such exigency.
The spring campaign was about to op®n, and
the time for taking the great initial strategical
positions that were necessary for opening it by
the Administration and by Congress was ap-
proaching. This man Gibson had run upon
this secondary line as mail agent for five or six
months, and he had not been disturbed. That
did not suit the expectations and the policy of
Mr. Creswell and of Mr. Creswell's master.
The staple of their electioneering appeals is
conflict between the races and the clamor of
outrages by the white upon the negro. They
were attempting to bring up some such case in
Kentucky. They were determined to do so.
Upon this obscure and insignificant route, away
toward the Cumberland, this man Gibson had
conducted the mail for five months, and there
had not been a ripple of disorder or violence.
That would not do. The Scene must be shifted.
Creswell then brings him to the great Louis-
ville route, between Lexington and Louisville,
and places-him there. What was he put there
for? That such an occurence might take place
as did happen. That was the preconceived
and the deliberate purpose. When did that
take place? On the 26th of January last.
When was the mail suspended ? On the 3d of
March, more than five weeks after the outrage.
My colleague has said to the honorable Sfn-
ator from Indiana, here was a crime against
the United States; here was an outrage upon
its mails, a penal offense; you have your
courts; all thepfficers of the Government in
Kentucky, the marshal and the judge, are
your friends; why do you not seek out this
criminal and have him brought to trial and
punishment ? What rewards did you offer for
his discovery and apprehension? Sif, I will
tell the honorable Senators from Ohio and
Indiana that there is no outrage of murder or
manslaughter in the State of Kentucky that
the Governor does not immediately advertise
and offer a reward for the apprehension ®f the
criminal. Wasany such course taken in rela-
tion to the man who committed this assault
upon Gibson ? Not at all. Why wait five
weeks ? The Postmaster General put his file
of soldiers on the train with the hope, with
the purpose, that that would arouse in that
country the associates, the abettors, and the
sympathizers of the daring ruffian who had
made this assault upon the mail agent, and
that they would come with renewed force and
with arms in their hands and commit crime
to a greater extent, even to the shedding of
blood. Why, sir, the case is perfectly plain
and palpable. I have no doubt that Mr. Cres-
well regarded it as a windfall, a sort of God-
send, that this fellow Gibson had been violently
assaulted in superintending the carrying of
the mail; and I have no doubt that he and
his master were both grievously disappointed
that the subsequent and more bloody and vio-
lent issue which they expected did not take
place. These criminals in Kentucky, these
stupid villains, had no more sense than thus
to play into the hands of a set of tricksters and
usurpers who were abusing and perverting the
Government and all its powers for the odious
and selfish purpose of preserving themselves
in office and in power.
Sir, these disorders and crimes of society
will sooner or later be corrected. They must
be corrected. What is the legitimate, the
proper, and the safe power to correct them ?
It is the community in which the crimes are
perpetrated. They have the constitutional and
the natural right to correct them. ^Tliey are
the proper power to furnish the correction,
and they are the only power that can do it
safely and peaceably ; and they will do it safely
and peaceably if left to themselves..
A few words more, sir. There are some
people of sense and of principle whose letters
have been read by the honorable Senator from
Indiana. What did they suggest? This out-
rage was perpetrated at North Benson, an in-
considerable and almost valueless post office
between the confines of Frankfort and Shelby.
The postmaster at Frankfort, who is a man
of sense and principle, being called upon, and
feeling that he must respond, did so. If he
had not responded in some form or other, off
would go his head. What was his response?
" These two offices are worthless, almost of
no importance, no actual accommodation to
the people who live in the neighborhood ; they
can receive mail accommodation at other con-
venient places; discontinue these offices ; try
that." But, no, that would not suit here.
They wanted to make some stage thunder and
some lightning. The wanted the peals of party
thunder to reverberate from the hills of Ben-
son throughout the land, and especially in the
northern States, and therefore they could not
resort to the course of moderation, good sense,
and patriotism.
What had they to do for peace, for order,
and security in the transportation of the mails ?
There was no attack upon the mail matter,
there was no hostile demonstration against it;
it was simply an ebullition of feeling, unrea-
sonable but natural, and therefore to some
considerable extent excusable, against the mail
agent. All that was necessary to have peace
and tranquillity and security along the line
of that transportation was to remove this
black mail agent and to put a white agent in
his place. Was there no white agent that they
eonld get? I maintain, as a principle of just
and politic government, that wherever an offi-
cer is to be appointed in any community and
ninety-nine out of a hundred of that com-
munity are opposed to a black officer, and
a good, proper, and fit white officer can be
obtained, it is the dutv of those who are in
power to substitute for the odious and dis-
agreeable black officer a pleasant, capable, and
faithful white officer. Nothing but, sinister
motives and sinister purposes would have
suggested a contrary .course.
I admit that some of the subordinates of the
Post Office Department sustain the course of
the Postmaster General, though not all of
them. Kentucky has its scalawags as well as
other States, and the meanest of all scalawags
that I have ever met with is a Kentucky scala-
wag. No people have less excuse, less reason
for being scalawags than Kentuckians. I do not
say that all those who serve under the Gen-
eral Government in Kentucky are scalawags.
No ; there are many honorable and elevated
exceptions ; but there are some of that class
among the letter writers in this case. And
permit me to say that 1 believe Gibson is a
better person and more capable of filling their
places than some of the scalawags who have
certified to the course of the Postmaster Gen-
eral; and yet if the Postmaster General had
exercised his discretion and power by displa-
cing any one of these scalawags and putting
Gibson in his place, what a squirming would
have been seen, and what howls and shrieks
would have been heard 1'
What I understand by a scalawag is not a
man whogives a&upportupon truth and convic-
tion and principle to a party or to its measures.
I know that men of the noblest type are found
giving such support to all Administrations and
to all parties. But when a people have been
educated in entirely different opinions and
sentiments, have been nurtured to them, have
lived by them, have adhered to and defended
them, until a prospect of office and a little
spoils was presented for a surrender of those
principles, then for one who had those prin-
ciples to sell himself, his reason, his principles,
his conscience, his soul and body and breeches,
to a mercenary, selfish, and tyraniziiig parly
and its chiefs for the miserable purpose of
spoils, I say that such a scalawag does not
deserye any consideration anywhere upon
God's earth. These are the scalawags that I
condemn.
Now, sir, the Postmaster General has not
restored this mail; and if he could hear of such
outrages every day in the week he would be
the happiest man in Washington, unless it be
his chief.
Now, sir, I propose to read an extract or
two from the reports that have been made
ffom one or two of the southern States. They
remind me very much of the condition of
things in Kentucky. About half of the popu-
lation in my county are negro people. When
they were turned free for a good while they
refused to work. Tliey herded in our towns.
They must live. The poor creatures were
thrown upon their own resources. I felt
sympathy for them, and I do yet. The con-
sequence was that they had to resortextensiveiy
to thieving and plunder. The evidence in
this case before the honorable Senator from
Ohio shows that that was the condition of
affairs in North Carolina. That is sworn to
there, that the negroes were free and refused
to work ; that they formed secret societies
among themselves, of themselves; had their
pass-words and their seciet signs ; and their
association was for the purposes of arson,
larceny, plunder, and murder. That is the
proof in relation to the condition of things in
North Carolina. What was the consequence ?
It immediately called up irregular associa-
tions and organizations of the white people to
resist and to put down these black organiza-
tions. Was not that natural? What were
liolden and Bergen and Kirk hut, leaders in
such black organizations? Have they been
punished? No. One of them has been pun-
ished by his own State in having been removed
from the office of Governor. The debt oi that
Si,ate at the close of the war, 1 believe, was
about fifteen million dollars, and the party in
power have run it up now to about thirty eight
million dollars. Who are more fit subjects
