110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31 s
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Moore.
4-2d Cong 1st Sess.
it to be superseded by violence in the localities.
If that be the quastion to be dealt with, it is
important for all parties that we should know
at once how it is to be done.
Before the debate closes I propose to exam-
ine more at large what I was forced to touch
upon in this discussion by the question which
the Senator from Missouri put to me. I pro-
pose to examine the matters in North Carolina
that are alleged to have led to the formation
of the Ku Klux organization. 1 wish to exam-
ine the charge of corruption that has been
made against the State authorities. It was my
purpose, I must confess, to have gone into that
to some extent at this time ; but as I have con-
sumed three hours I would prefer to take up
the subject on another occasion.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. MOORE,
op illinois,
Is the House of Representatives,
March 31, 1871.
The House having under consideration the hill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. MOORE said:
Mr. Speaker: Before submitting the remarks
which I had intended to deliver upon the sub-
ject under discussion I desire to say that it has
not been my purpose, nor do I feel prepared,
to enter into the legal argument of the ques-
tion. I have desired to turn my attention prin-
cipally to a sort of plain, easily-understood,
and common-sense view of the subject, which
I hope may not be considered injudicious,
unwise, or as a view of the important consid-
erations involved taken from a stand-point not
sufficiently elevated. And I respectfully sub-
mit, if, after we have been so long led through
the labyrinths of legal lore, a little gospel and
plain, common sense might not now come in
very appropriately.
Sir, 1 do not call to mind a time since I have
been a member of the Republican party, and
that has been ever since the party came into
existence, that I have had so anxious a soli-
citude for its reputation and continued use-
fulness. It has heretofore made a record of
which every man who lias cooperated with it
may justly be proud. Its fidelity to the great
principles of liberty and equality, its devotion
to our free institutions when they were exposed
to imminent peril, its broad views in reference
to human rights, and its sublime patriotism
have hitherto made it honored and respected
in all lands where liberty is loved. And now,
sir, the wish of my heart is'that m this emer-
gency, and on every trying occasion that may
arise in the future, there may be enough wis-
dom found in it as that it may still commend
itself to the judgment and confidence of the
American people.
I foresaw, upon the organization of this
Forty-Second Congress, that very exciting
questions were likely to arise if the session
was protracted, upon which wc were but poorly
prepared to act, and hence I was intensely
anxious that we should adjourn early, since I
hoped that after going home and mingling
with our people, and calmly and dispassion-
ately looking over the field, we might return
here in December next better prepared to do
justice to the great and importaut questions
that were bound to come before this Congress.
I did not believe, nor do I yet believe, that
there is anything in any of the questions now
so muchagitatingusthatimperatively demands
grave legislation immediately.
I believed then, and I believe now, that the
country felt that we would act wisely by adjourn-
ing over till December next; and every influ-
ence that I have been able to exert has been
turned in that direction. Events which have
transpired here since our organization in this
House, and especially at the other end of
the Capitol, have only confirmed me in the
belief that our continuance here, under the
circumstances, has been a grievous mistake.
No good has come to the country, but immeas-
urable damage, I fear, has accrued to the
party, which I am sure is most keenly felt
throughout the whole land.
I have been opposed to any grave legislation
at this time in reference to alleged outrages in
the southern States, as I felt that we were not
sufficiently informed in reference to this vexed
question. I thought we were not sufficiently
assured that these irregularities might not in
some way be remedied without the interposi-
tion of the General Government. I favored
the appointment of a judicious committee that
should be empowered to go into the troubled
localities of the South and thoroughly invest-
igate these complaints, which have come to
us in almost every conceivable form, and with
almost infinitely varied versions, and ascer-
tain, unmistakably, if possible, the nature of
these troubles, and the causes from which
they originate. Then I hoped that we and our
people might know if any absolute necessity
existed demanding extraordinary legislation.
Then we might have moved forward with greater
assurance that we were acting wisely.
Certainly, it would be gratifying to every
good citizen of this country to have these dis-
orders come to an end without the interposi-
tion of the General Government. We would
all, I hope, be pleased to have the people of
all the several equal States of this Union show
their capacity for self-government. The inter-
ference of the Federal authorities with the local
affairs of the individual States is a necessity to
be deplored at any time, and nothing but the
demand of uncontrollable necessity should, as
it seems to me, make us willing to permit such
an interference.
Again, sir, I am sure that there is a growing
sensitiveness upon this subject in all the north-
ern States. The people have anxiously waited
and watched for the time to come when the work
of reconstruction should be at an end, when
all the States, restored to their places under
the Government and invested with their equal
rights, should be able to walk alone and enter
upon a career of assured peace and prosperity.
Without the most imperative reasons I fear
that we shall not be justified by the people in
the extreme measures which have been pro-
posed and which we are now called to decide
upon before a most searching and thorough
investigation has been instituted. The opin-
ions of our friends, the loyal men of the south-
ern States, are not united as to the necessity
of any immediate interposition on the part of
Congress. Some of them, with great earnest-
ness, declare that such interposition would be
unwise, and suggest other remedies which, in
their opinion, would be more effectual in re-
storing law and order.
Again, these disturbances are attributable
to a variety of causes. Some of these causes
of irritation and discontent, it is alleged, are,
in the opinion of many who have been in con-
stant sympathy with the Government and with
the party in power, chargeable to an inefficient
and bungling administration of the local gov-
ernments in those States, and to the fact that
there has been in many instances a reckless
disregard of prudent legislation and a wanton
and extravagant expenditure of the substance
of the people.
Again, it is alleged, and believed generally
throughout the country, that an irresponsi-
ble, reckless, and unprincipled set of adven-
turers, claiming to be the friends and repre-
sentatives of the party in power, have, in
many instances, without ability and experi-
ence is matters of government, secured the
reins of authority, only to degrade their posi-
tions and demonstrate their utter incapacity
to work out results favorable to a state of har-
mony and peace, and who, temporarily raised
to places of power and responsibility which
their merits did not secure, and incapable of
appreciating the high trust to which mere cir-
cumstances have called them, have so borne
themselves as necessarily to create discontent
and provoke resistance.
Yet this allegation, I am sure, is not good as
against all whom ex-rebels and Democrats have
seen fit to brand as odious carpet- baggers. Some
of them going South in quest of permanent
homes have at once identified themselves with
every interest of their several localities, and,
mindful of their responsibilities and true to
whatever trusts have been committed to their
hands, have commanded the gratitude of the
country and have honored the great party of
freedom with which they are allied. Some such,
I am happy to say, are serving in this Congress,
and they are not to-day, I know, distasteful to
the best people of the South.
And again, sir, it has been repeatedly urged
by many, very many of the best friends of law
and order in the South, and I believe by a
majority of the Representatives from the south-
fern States on this floor, that disabilities imposed
and still remaining upon many of the more in-
telligent citizens of the South, extensive prop-
erty-holders and tax-payers into the Treasury
of the United States, while the continuance of
them can be of no possible advantage, are abso-
lutely not only a constant source of irritation,
but likewise a positive obstruction in the way of
a healthy development of good feeling in the
South. And I respectfully submit, sir, if these
honorable gentlemen, sterlingmen of ourparty,
meri of discernment and discretion, are not
certainly, as to their opinions on these vexed
questions, entitled to grave consideration, com-
ing as they do from the very precincts of these
disorders.
It is claimed, with much show of consist-
ency, that while this large class of intelligent,
persons are thus disfranchised and held in the
attitude of proscribed citizens, unworthy of
being trusted with the full exercise of the rights
of American citizens, they are thus rendered,
in a manner, reckless or indifferent in refer-
ence to matters of government in their midst;
and being made and considered irresponsible,
are constantly tempted to give themselves no
concern in reference to the anomalous state of
things existing among them; that if, on the
contrary, their disabilities were removed, and
the responsibilities of government were placed
alike upon them as upon others, they would be
without excuse, and would soon be induced,
as a matter of interest to themselves and to
their States, to contribute the weight of their
combined influence to the promotion of peaca
and good order.
Mr. Speaker, a certain amount of intelligence
and experience is indispensable in order to the
successful management of free governments.
In some localities of the South we realized tho
fact, when wc come to the work of reconstruc-
tion, that so generally were the people tainted
by rebellion that there were not enough among
them left who had remained steadfast in their
allegiance, during our late troubles, to intelli-
gently organize and administer governments
in those localities. Hence, we were under the
necessity of introducing and passing bills for
removing political disabilities, in order to en-
able men of intelligence and experience to
accept office at the hands of the newly organ-
ized governments under the reconstruction acts.
And this mode of removing disabilities has
gone on year after year, until it has degener*
