1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
appeur before the committee and to make good
his charge; and it turned out that the whole
charge was made without a shadow of founda-
tion ; that it was totally and utterly false and
fabricated.
How many of the cases that were reported
to General Jefferson C. Davis were of the
same character I do not know, and have 110
means of knowing ; but I venture to say this:
that a vast majority of the violence and crime
that has been perpetrated in the State of Ken-
tucky within the last three years has been by
negroes upon negroes. I admit that about the
termination of the war there was a dreadful
state of tilings somewhere near the borders of
Tennessee. Discharged soldiers, rebel and
Union, banded themselves together, and they
prowled about over the country for the purpose
of plunder, of bloodshed, of wreaking private
malice and private vengeance upon their
enemies. But that atrocious state of things, in
anything like the extent to which it existed,
has passed by years ago. The cases of out-
rage in that State now are few and far between,
as to space at least, and are merely sporadic.
The honorable Senator from Indiana was
properly gratitied at the indignant terms in
which Judge Bruce rebuked the cases that, he
gave m charge to the grand jury. There were
two, one the murder of a white man, and the
other the whipping of a negro. He spoke the
sentiments of a judge, of a philanthropist, and
of a man; and when he could speak in such
terms of two transactions of that kind it is the
best evidence how seldom such occurrences
take place in the country and what a shock
upon public feeling they produce. And so of
Judge Pryor. ' I
What is the resolution of the Senator from |
Ohio V That these bands are leagued together ;
that they are political leagues, composed
mostly of rebel soldiers. I have produced the
case of Judge Bruce, a rebel soldier; and his
charge, for the purpose of having such outrages
put down and punished, has been read and
relied upon by the honorable Senators very
properly ; and so of Judge Pryor.
Sir, this is all a figment; it is all an endeavor
to fabricate or to get up and to excite the
country by these fictitious charges of outrages
with a view to having effect upon the coming
elections in the States. The general elections
take place this year. The Legislatures to be
elected are to choose one third of the Sena-
tors, and it is with a view to this political cap-
ital, with a view to these diabolical and devil-
ish political ends, that these vile, slanderous,
outrages originate in the brains of political
scoundrels and ruffians.
Mr. STEVENSON addressed the Senate.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kentucky at what time he became
Governor of that State.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think I became Gov-
ernor in 1867.
Mr. MORi'ON. In what month?
Mr. S TEVENSON. In September, I think.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, 1 have here
the official record read by the Senator from
Massachusetts in regard to crimes and outrages
committed in Kentucky. The Senator from
Kentucky in his speech the other day stated
that during his three and a half years of admin-
istration there had been committed not to ex-
ceed six outrages in that State. He says to day,
and I so understood him then, that he meant
an approximate number.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir; and I referred
to those by the Ku Klux.
Mr. MOR t'ON. He meant an approximate
number. Now, Mr. President, this official
record which I have here, from August, 1867,
to November, 1868, being a period of sixteen
months, fifteen months of his administration
and one month besides, gives thirty six mur-
ders, and three hundred and fifty assaults and
batteries that did'not result in death. That is
the record for fifteen months of his adminis-
tration aud one month more; and as this record
is growing, if I had the record for the rest of
the administration of the distinguished Sen-
ator, it would run up, I have no doubt, to two
or three times that number.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. What official record
of the State of Kentucky is he reading from?
Mr. MORTON. The official record is one
furnished, I-believe, by the War Department,
and compiled under the instructions of the Gov-
ernment by the Freedmen's Bureau. [Laugh-
ter on the Democratic side.]
Mr. STEVENSON. In Kentucky we do
not recognize that as an official State docu-
ment or an official State institution.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if all the
evidence in regard to crime is to be excluded
and derided, if we are to believe nothing that
is reported from official sources, the State of
Kentucky can be vindicated, but in no other
way. They exclude negro testimony; they
will not believe a white man who was in the
Freedmen's Bureau ; a white mau in the em-
ploy of the Government of the United States
is not to be believed ; and it is by rejecting all
the evidence which can be presented that the
State is to be vindicated from the charges that
have been made.
The Senator has given credit to the paper
by quoting here from the Louisville Commer-
cial, and 1 will read an extract from that paper.
It is a Republican paper, but the Senator has
said that it is edited by a gallant man. The
editor of that paper is commenting upon the
Senator's speech on this door. I do not adopt
any of the epithets contained in it. Those are
the editor's, not mine. He says :
"The sincerity of the Governor's horror at those
outrages may be faintly estimated when we assure
our readers, as we now do upon our honor as jour-
nalists, that these cases aro not six only, but six
hundred, or almost any other reasonable number,
and that within the forty days preceding his resig-
nation of the office, and within a circuit of less than
twenty miles of the capital of the State, ns many
lives were unlawfully taken by disguised Ku Klux
bands as be confesses to have been taken in the
wholo State during his entire term."
I read this from the paper to which the
Senator has given credit, somewhat in corrob-
oration of the official report.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator has adopted
a very singular line of defense : that he could
disprove the charges which have been made in
regard to the condition of affairs in Kentucky
by quoting from an old speech of mine made
in the summer of 1865. What did I say in that
speech? I began by recognizing the equal
rights of all men to the enjoyment of suffrage
and every civil right, but f did go on and
say that in the case of the freedmen who had
just been emancipated from slavery I thought
they ought to have a period of preparation
for the enjoyment of the right of suffrage ; 1
named seven or ten years; and 1 spoke of that,
because of the condition in which slavery had
left them; and in uttering that sentiment I
uttered the general feeling of the Republican
party at that time. But what was the result ?
The condition of things in the South forbade
us to give this time of preparation.
In other words, not to put too fine a point
upon it, the disloyalty of the dominant party
in the South, the disloyalty of what was called
the Democratic party in the South, in the year
1866, compelled the immediate enfranchise-
ment of the colored race. We had to take all
the chances resulting from their want of educa-
tion, from their want of political experience.
We found we could not construct loyal State
governments upon the white basis alone. The
great body of the white men had been in the
rebellion; and in 1807, the Congress of the
United States was brought to the conclusion
that there could not be a reconstruction upon
the white basis alone and that we must enfran-
chise the colored men at once. We could not
afford to wait five or ten years until they were
somewhat qualified. If the Senator complains
of immediate enfranchisement, I tell him that
that was the result of the disloyal conduct of
the Democratic party in the southern States.
They drove .us to enfranchise the colored men
at once, and that enfranchisement has suc-
ceeded beyoud even my most sanguine expect-
ations.
Mr. BLAIR. Let me ask the Senator a
question. He talks about the disloyalty of
the Democratic party. Was not his test of
disloyalty, whether a man would vote the
Republican ticket or not? Was not this dis-
franchisement of the white people of the South
and the enfranchisement of the negroes in-
tended to support his party, and that alone?
That was the object of it, in my opinion ; and
1 think if the gentleman will make an honest
confession it will be good for his soul.
Mr. MORTON, i will endeavor to answer
the question. We found that reconstruction
upon any basis that would accept the situation
could not be made upon the white basis in the
South. If it was disloyalty not to recognize
the authority of the Government of the United
States, not to accept the situation, not to ac-
cept the results of "the war, if it was disloyalty
to insist that they had done no wrong and that
they were entitled to all the rights ot this Gov-
ernment just as if nothing had happened, then
the so-called Democratic party in the South
was disloyal unquestionably.
Mr. BLAIR. Now 1 insist, and the world
will bear me witness, that the people of the
South did accept the situation, that they did
abolish slavery, that they did recognize this
Government, and no hand was lifted against
it ; and whoever says otherwise says what
history will not bear him out in saying.
[Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. MORTON. I cannot bandy epithets
with the Senator from Missouri.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
THOXY in the chair.) Order! Silence must
be preserved in the galleries, or the Sergeant-
at-Anns will be directed to clear them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to give notice that
on the next occasion of any applause or other-
wise in the galleries, which we have had here
for the last few days, turning this body into a
kind of cockpit or bear garden for the benefit
of spectators, 1 shall insist on the enforcement
of the rule, and not only have the galleries
cleared, but the persons guilty of disorder
arrested and punished.
Mr. MORTON. I do not desire any inter-
ference with the galleries on my account. It
does not, disturb me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is on account of decency.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 wish the Senator from
Indiana would allow me to make one remark.
1 do not wish to object to what the Senator from
Vermont says, but I beg him to give notice in
advance before he does anything of that sort.
After the same galleries have been permitted
for the last two or three days to break out into,
much louder applause at similar sentiments in
effect, I do not see why to-day the same oppor-
tunity should not be extended, and 1 object
to the honorable Senator from Missouri not
receiving the same plaudits which have been,
extended to other members of the body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSergeant-
at Anns will cause any persons in the galleries-
uiaking disturbance to be arrested. The Sen-
ator from Indiana will proceed.
Mr. MORTON. I can only say that the his-
tory of the southern States since the spring of
1865 will bear out the truth of what I have
stated; and I will go further and say that so
far from having accepted the results of the war
and rendered submission to the Government
of the United States in the spring of 1867,
when the reconstruction laws were adopted^
they have not done it yet. They do not pro-
pose to do it, so far as the evidence goes.
They had not submitted then, and they have-
not submitted now. So much for that.
I do not propose to go over t^e ground that
