my
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
42d Gong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Moore.
Ho. of Reps.
ated into a weak, and I might say, a sort of con-
temptible, system of peddling out amnesties,
disgusting not only to the people of the South
but also to the most careful, observing, and
intelligent people in the other States. The
press has been almost unanimous in its disap-
proval of the course pursued in this regard,
and with great unanimity is demanding a more
liberal, a more magnanimous and statesman-
like attitude upon this subject. It is felt to be
undignified in a great Government like ours,
which has been so signally triumphant in sub-
duing its enemies, to higgle over this question
and cling with such strange tenacity to the
continuance of these disabilities, when no pos-
sible good whatever can arise from such a
course.
The most unreliable class of rebels, the
victims of blind prejudices, such as really have
but little interest in the advancement of civil-
isation and good order, who have no idea of
progress, who know not how to appreciate the
events which have transpired in this country
within the last ten years, are rehabilitated, are
American citizens in the fullest sense of the
term, while better men, who have property
and families and pride of character, and who
must continue to live among us and work out
whatever of fortune may yet remain to them
and their families, are under the ban of the
Government. If it is said they are rebels and
have themselves been the authors of their own
disabilities, I answer they are nevertheless a
part of the present inheritance of this Govern-
ment, a part of the throbbing life of this great
Republic, and the sooner that life can be made
to take on a normal existence, and be made to
feel that it is a regenerated and recognized part
of the great whole the better for the country.
A majority of this House, a majority of the
people of this country, are for general amnesty.
Why is it not granted? Simply for the reason,
sir, that a minority sufficient to prevent a two-
thirds vote persists in the indulgence of that
mode of reflection and reasoning which, upon
such grave matters of policy, have not hitherto
been the characteristics of statesmen of the
most enlarged and liberal views. I fear, sir,
that our course in this regard has notbeen suf-
ficiently elevated and enlightened. We have
not, perhaps, as earnestly as was our duty,
labored to make the interests of the conquered
people of the South identical with our own. I
remember that Grotius in his great work has
used language to this effect. I may not quote
his precise words :
"However absolute and unlimited may bo the
power acquired over a conquered people, itis neces-
sary to treat them with gentleness and forbearance,
so that with as little delay as possible they: own
interests may become blended with those of tbe
conqueror."
Why, sir, the authorities of the Austrian
empire did not long delay in adopting this wise
and liberal policy toward her brave Hungarian
subjects. Otherwise the Magyar would be on
the war path to-day. And the Czar of all the
Russias has so borne himself toward the Polish
subjects of his empire. Cannot this great na-
tion of freemen adopt and pursue as liberal
a policy toward her conquered people? Sir,
we have hesitated too long already. I cannot
escape from the conviction that had this pol-
icy been adopted during the life-time of the
Forty-First Congress, a more peaceful and
prosperous state of things would now be pre-
vailing in the southern States.
Now, sir, a full and careful investigation into
all these phases of the question concerning the
condition of southern society, made by a judi-
cious committee composed of Senators and
Representatives, might have put this Congress
in possession of information of such a reliable
character as to have enabled us to adopt a pol-
icy which might have commended itself to the
wisdom and good sense of the people of this
entire country.
But this course did not suit the tastes of gen-
tlemen who have heretofore been in favor of
extreme legislation. It does seem to me, sir,
that honorable gentlemen, whose motives how-
ever, I am in no disposition to impugn, have
come to think, unwittingly it may be, that their
patriotism must still be warmed at fires that
ought long since to have burned out, or that
their devotion to Republican principles may
be suspected unless they can verify it by an
exhibition of zeal in the work of governing the
southern people by special acts of Congress.
Over those people and States we have exer-
cised authority so long that it has seemed to
become almost chronic in the minds of some
of our politicians and statesmen.
I think, sir, 1 have as keen a sympathy for
loyal men of the South as any man upon this
floor and that I as deeply deplore the exist-
ence of strifes and divisions among them ; and
when, to my mind, the necessity becomes clear
and absolute I would fly to their relief as ex-
peditiously and swiftly. And I recognize the
existence of outrages, wrongs, and murders by
armed marauders and masked assassins, whose
purposes are of the most unwarrantable and
unworthy character. I cannot see how any
honest man can deny the existence of these
outrages or find it in his heart to justify them
or apologize for them.
But I insist, sir, that there are circumstances
connected with the last recent years of the his-
tory of the South which ought to be gravely
considered when we come to apply remedies
for the wrongs most deeply deplored. What
country in the world has ever passed through
such a sudden and complete revolution? That
revolution, though by us, who have always been
trained to the grandest conceptions of human
rights, who have always believed that Govern-
ments should conserve the rights of their poor-
est and most helpless subjects, regarded as the
grandest event that has ever transpired in tlfe
history of nations, nevertheless run counter
to all the modes of thought peculiar to that
people. The very modes of society, which
from their infancy they had, however, errone-
ously, learned to esteem as their peculiar glory,
have been swept away. The unhappy victims
of misguided leaders, they have been over-
whelmed by the most terrible disasters, and
themselves and their country almost wholly
impoverished.
By this stupendous revolution, which we
know to be in the interest of humanity, and
which we are sure, if they were but wise and
patient, would be the ultimate glory of their
own land and people, they have been started
upon a career of life to them new, and in a
measure, from the first, but feebly compre-
hended. They have been slow, from the very
nature of their previous surroundings, (for
which the great majority of them "are net indi-
vidually responsible,) to comprehend and ap-
preciate the situation or to grasp in their minds
the real nature of the new order of things.
Again, is it not wise in us to reflect upon the
fact that a majority of the people, including
the new-made citizens, the people of African
descent, were almost without education, were
never trained to think, and but poorly capaci-
tated to exercise with wisdom and discretion
their appropriate part in their new and respon-
sible relationships ?
Add to this the animosities engendered by
along and desolating civil .strife, during which
so many unavoidable hardships and suffer-
ings were endured, and during which the worst
of passions were almost necessarily, from the
peculiar nature of the struggle, stirred to the
very dregs, and allow the further reflection that,
at the close of the fierce conflict, thousands of
demoralized and bankrupted men were cast,
without a penny, upon the bosom of disorgan-
ized society, that multitudes of families, by rea-
son of the terrible ravages inseparable from a
state of war, were compelled, when the conflict
was over, to look upon blackened and smol-
dering ruins instead of comfortable homes and
competency to which they had been familiar,
and then tell me if we could, under so many
adverse circumstances, reasonably expect at
once a perfect order of society?
Tell me if human nature, imperfect at best,
and liable to perverseness under even less try-
ing circumstances, could have been expected
to behave itself in strict accordance with per-
fect law and order, and be mindful of all the
nice distinctions of duty and responsibility; if,
under the circumstances, while society was
really in a transition stage, while adjusting
itself to the new order of things, it was not to
be expected that here and there lawless men,
impelled by bad passions, might come to the
surface and commit deeds of violence. If I
am reminded that five years have expired
since the war closed, and that ample time has
been given for law and order to assert their
sway, I remark in reply, that the processes by
which old habits and forms of thought are put
off and new ones taken on have been slow in
all ages of the world, and that five years is but
an insignificant period in the history of com-
munities.
Mr. Speaker, I hope I may not be considered
perverse in giving forth these utterances which
have pressed with the force almost of inspira-
tion upon my mind, and that it may not be con-
sidered politically wicked in meto say that my
sympathies go out somewhat toward the peo-
ple of the South in their present condition,
both white and black, and that I deplore
extrema measures toward any of them, unless
impelled thereto by an overmastering neces-
sity. But when to my mind that necessity
shall arise, I shall be ready to strike home and
strike hard. Every fiber of my nature vibrates
in unison with the policy of the great party
of my choice touching the stupendous and
far-reaching principles involved in the act of
emancipation and the recent amendments to
the Constitution. I believe them to be based
upon the foundations of eternal truth and
justice, and the gates of hell, with the Democ-
racy to help, cannot now overthrow them.
My motto is, and the motto of the people of
this country, in this regard, I am sure is, that
of the immortal Hampden, " Nulla vestigia
retror.$um and woe to the party that, by any
possibility coming into power, shall endeavor
to shape its policy with a view of reversing the
decisions of Providence and the people, on
these great principles of justice and equal
rights.
I, sir, without reluctance, put my own life in
peril to drive the rebellious of them to the wall
when they were in arms and led on by wicked
rulers against the life of my country, and it
was the proudest hour of my life when I was
permitted to look upon their dissolving armies
and to witness their complete and terrible over-
throw. But, this accomplished, I scorned to
hate, and I have ever since been willing to
sink the partisan when contemplating the best
modes of reestablishing demolished govern-
ments among them. And now, sir, whoever
may lise or fall, survive or perish, I am here
to agree upon the best measures, if they can
be discovered, for giving peace, security, and
the equal protection of the laws to every one
of them without respect to race, color, or pre-
vious condition, whether any of them have
suffered the humiliating condition of slaves,
or the scarcely less degrading burden of
opinions at war with an enlightened civiliza-
tion and age, and which drove them to that
height of madness that culminated in woes
and disasters, the poignant remembrance of
which shall perish only in their graves.
Mr. Speaker, the opinion has been repeatedly
expressed here that the outrages complained
of in the South are but the outcroppings of a
