1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
42d Gong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
plained of the outrage. Only a twelvemonth
since, or a little more, and that same gentle-
man of African descent made his debut into
the Senate of the United States as the suc-
cessor of the great leading spirit of the late
rebellion, and the people accepted the situa-
tion with immense satisfaction. Has not pro-
gress, after all, outrun our fondest expecta-
tions? So it may be in the future, if our legis-
lation shall only be tempered with justice and
moderation.
I fear, Mr. Speaker, that the approaching
contest of 1872 may possibly have its influence
in shaping the course somewhat of both sides
of this House as it respects the attitudes re-
spectively assumed in reference to the condi-
tion of things in the South. I have not a doubt
but that remedies are at hand, speedy, cheap,
and effectual, could the two great parties of
this country but consent to apply them. They
are found in part, I believe, in the complete
enfranchisement of all the people of those
States; so that those who have property in-
terests, intelligence, capacity, and experience,
and whose interests imperatively demand peace
and order, may, with others, share the respons-
ibilities of government. They should be al-
lowed, without pressure or restraint, or any
possible influences from without, to choose
their own officials, and then be held responsi-
ble for administering their governments in
harmony with the Constitution of the United
States and the constitutions of their several
States, under which they have been admitted
to their equal rights under the Government,
and which have been recognized as repub-
lican in form by the Congress of the United
States.
The privilege of voting carries with it, cer-
tainly, the privilege of free and untrammeled
choice upon the part of him who holds the
ballot; else voting is simply a ridiculous farce
and a mockery. It was a favorite maxim of
Mr. Jefferson that you have only to show the
people their interests and they invariably pursue
them. Give them wise, honest, and unselfish
rulers, whose purpose shall be to promote the
general welfare; give them wholesome,just,
and equal laws, and freedom of action, and
then all the more powerful motives which con-
trol the minds of men are enlisted in favor of
law and order and the stability and perma-
nency of government. General amnesty, per-
fect freedom of action in the exercise of polit-
ical privileges, with respect to the people of
the South, such as we have in Massachusetts
and in Illinois—no more, no less—is, in my
humble opinion, the demand of the hour, and
no less the demand of an enlightened policy.
On this point 1 quote from one of the most
influential and able public journals of the land,
and always most radical in its support of Re-
publican measures and republican administra-
tions. And its utterances in this regard find an
echo in the sentiments and wishes to-day of a
large majority of the people of this country.
It says:
"The rebels have 'avote' now. Thepraetical Ques-
tion is, 'Shall they be allowed to cast it for the men
of their choice: oi shall thatchoice be restricted by
us?' We prefer that, since they are to be represented,
they shall elect the men of their tree choice. And,
should they see fit to send to Congress such rampant
rebels as Toombs, Benjamin Hill, Linton Stephens,
Kershaw, Forrest, &c., we judge that the Republic-
ans can stand it quite as well as the Democrats. At
all events, binee they are to be represented, we would
have them truly represented."
This, however, Mr. Speaker, is only a part
of the remedy which I would have applied for
the correction of these abuses. In addition,
let Democratic leaders upon this floor abandon
their insane practices of apologizing for the
lawlessness of oath-bound, masked assassins
in the South. Let them cease to deny that
these are more than ordinary troubles, and
recognize them, as every just man ought to
do,asunwarrantable and wholly indefensible,
42d Cong, 1st Sess.—No. 8.
outrages upon American citizens, shocking
and disgraceful to humanity.
Let the Democratic press throughout the
land denounce these outrages and characterize
them as they deserve, and appeal to their
friends in the South to combine the whole
weight of their moral and physical force, if
necessary, to compel these lawless men to aban-
don their devilish work ; and peace to all those
troubled localities would, without question,
speedily follow. That a single citizen of this
Republic should anywhere, throughout our
broad realm, be whipped and his dearest rights
trampled under foot with impunity, ought in-
stantly to arouse the indignation of all the
people of this country; and he but degrades
himself, as a free citizen, who, for party reasons,
or for any reasons whatsoever, withholds this
indignation.
It is painful, sir, to witness gentlemen on
the other side of the House lashing themselves
into a fury over the exposure of these wrongs
and putting forth almost superhuman efforts to
find reasons for hiding the enormity of their
character. The errors, be they many or few,
of the Republican party, which for the last ten
years has been responsible for the legislation
of the country, is no adequate excuse; neither
the alleged blunders and maladministrations
of existinglocalauthoritiesinthoseStates; and
the intelligence and good sense of the people
of this country will so decide.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have very imperfectly,
I am sure, discussed a few features of the very
exciting questions now before us. I have en-
deavored to do so as free as possible from any-
thing like simply partisan views. If, sir, I
have not been able to accomplish any great
good in the utterance of these remarks, I hope
I have said nothing that may be in anywise
damaging to truth, justice, and fairness, as
peace, assured and abiding, and the most am-
ple protection throughout all our borders to
the poorest, weakest, humblest citizen of this
great Republic has been the supreme purpose
of my endeavor.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. J. F. FARNSWORTH,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
March 31, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes—
Mr. FARNSWORTH said: ;
Mr Speaker: I approach the discussion of
this question, if I know my own heart, with
candor and a sincere desire to get at the precise
truth and law of the matter. Itis a very grave
question; there can be none more grave and
important than the consideration of a bill like
the one before this House. One hour is not
sufficient to discuss all the sections and all the
questions which are raised by the bill, and I
shall only attempt to examine the second and
third sections. I do not know that I have any
opposition to the first section, perhaps that is
well enough ; but in reference to the second
and third I ask the attention of the members
of this House to the criticism which 1 shall
make. The first thing is to ascertain what
these sections mean, what is the real mean-
ing of the bill, stripped of all surplusage and
verbiage.
The second section is as follows:
Sec. 2. That if two or more persons shall, within
the limits of any State, band, conspire, or combine
together to do any act in violation of the rights,
privileges, or immunities of any person, to which he
is entitled under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, which, committed within a plaee
under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the
United States, would, under any law of the United
States then in force, constitute the crime of either
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, assault
and battery, perjury, subornation of perjury, crim-
inal obstruction of legal process or resistance of
officers in discharge of official duty, arson, or lar-
ceny ; and if one or more of the parties to said con-
spiracy or combination shall do any aet to effect the
object thereof, all the parties to or engaged in said
conspiracy or combination, whether principals or
accessories, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and,
upon conviction thereof, shall be liable to a penalty
of not exceeding $10,000, or to imprisonment not
exceeding ten years, or both, at the discretion of
the court: Provided. That if any party or parties to
such conspiracy or combination shall, in further-
ance of such common design, commit the crime of
murder, such party or parties so guilty shall, upon
conviction thereof, suffer death: And provided also.
That any offense punishable under this act, begun
in one judicial districtof the United States and com-
pleted in another, may be dealt with, inquired of,
tried, determined, and punished in either district.
So far as the constitutionality of this ques-
tion is concerned, all this phraseology about
"two or more," or "combinations or con-
spiracies," gives the section no constitutional
vitality which it would not have if the words
were " every person," or "if any person shall,"
&c. The fact that it is leveled against con-
spiracies or combinations lends it no addi-
tional constitutional strength. Therefore, the
section might aa well read :
" If any person shall, within the limits ofany
State, commit either murder, manslaughter,
mayhem, robbery, assault'and battery, per-
jury, subornation of perjury, criminal obstruc-
tion of legal process or resistance of officers
in discharge of official duty, arson, or larceny,
such person shall be deemed guilty of a felony,
and, upon conviction thereof, shall be liable
to a penalty of not exceeding $10,000, or to
imprisonment not exceeding ten years, or
both, at the discretion of the court."
So far as its relation to the Constitution is
concerned, the section might as well read
thus 
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I think from the
temper and tone of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois in commencing his argu-
ment he is going to give the bill fair play and
to engage in a sincere, candid discussion of the
constitutional powers affected by this second
section. And the gentleman has kindly con-
sented that I may make a suggestion whenever
it is necessary in order to get his views, which
I sincerely desire to get at. Now, he has
said that the section would have the same
constitutional qualities if it provided that if
one person committed murder, manslaughter,
&c., in a State the punishment should be so
and so. Now, that is not my view of it. And
I suggest for his reply this consideration:
that the law of the United States as it now
stands on the statute-book, and as my friend
from Illinois must know, because he and I
were both in Congress when it passed, provides
that if a person conspires to do any aet in vio-
lation of the laws of the United States his
offense shall be indictable and punishable.
That is the law now, passed in 1861, and for
which I think the gentleman voted. Now, the
distinction between this section, as I deem it
to be, and what he says it is, is this: that the
gist of the offense in the second section is in
the conspiracy to defeat United States law
made in protection of the fundamental rights
of national citizenship, whether that law be
constitutional or statutory law. This section
is framed upon the idea that it is competent
for the United States to take care of, namely,
to provide that neither its statutes nor its Con-
stitution shall be broken as against the citizens,
and any conspiracy to do so shall be punished
as a crime.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am entirely willing
that the gentleman should interrupt me for a
question or a suggestion, if he does not occupy
too much time. If the House will exlendmy
time I have no objection to dividing it with
him.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will give the
