114
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. FarnswoHh.
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
gentleman as much of ray time as I occupy
Mr! FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that what has been said by the gentleman from
Oh.o [Mr. Shellabarger] affects what I said
in the least. I was not discussing the section
in its relation to the civil rights bill, nor any
other statute, but in its relation to the Consti-
tution. And I say again, the gentleman has
not touched-that point, that in its relation to
the Constitution there is as much sanction for
declaring that every person who shall do so
and so shall be guilty of a felony and shall be
punished, as to say that two or more persons
who shall do so and so shall be guilty and
shall be punished.
And I was about to remark further that the
language " which, committed within a place
under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of
the United States," &c., amounts to nothing,
except as a description of the offense constitut-
ing the felony. You might as well refer the
description or definition of the offense to the
common law, and say an offense which would
be "murder," "larceny," or "assault and
battery," &c., at common law. I do not think
any gentleman can doubt that the language
employed to which I have referred only desig-
nates or describes the quality of the offense,
so as to extend the jurisdiction of the United
Stares courts and the scope of United States
law to embrace arid punish those offenses,
though not committed within the present juris-
diction of the United States courts.
Do the words "rights, privileges, orimmun-
ities of any person to which he is entitled
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States," &c., change my construction of the
section? I think not; especially as they are
construed and controlled by the subsequent
clause describing* and embracing almost all
manner of offenses against persons and prop-
erty. The constitutional provision under which
U is claimed that this bill is authorized is the
first section of the fourteenth amendment,
which reads as follows:
"All persons horn or naturalized in the United
Mates, nnci subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens ot the IJuited States and of the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any
law which shall abridge tho privileges or immunities
01 citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
deprive any person of life, liberty, orproperty with-
outduc process of law.nordeny to any person withm
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
There is nothing in that amendment of the
Constitution about combinations and conspir-
acies by "two or more" to deprive any per-
son of his rights. The provision is in refer-
ence to States, citizens, and persona. There
is another point to which I desire to draw the
attention of the members of the House. If
there is authority in this amendment for the
Government of the United States to punish
offenses^against the persons of citizens of any
of the Slates, there is equal sanction for Con-
gress legislating as to their property also. For
it is provided that the States shall not "deny
to any person the equal protection of the laws,
or deprive any person of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, ■ &c.; and, indeed, this section doespro-
vide for punishing larceny and arson.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
is mistaken. There is no such crime named
there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It provides that if
two or more persons combine to commit an
offense which, if committed in a dock-yard,
" under the jurisdiction of the United States,"
would amount to larceny, and if one of the
parties does anything to effect the object in
view, they shall be deemed guilty of a felonv.
_ Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
is again mistaken, if he will pardon me. He
is a lawyer, and a good one, and if he will
give ill's attention to the section he will find
that fie is really mistaken. The gist of the
offense is conspiring to do a particular act in
violation of the rights of persons under the
laws and Constitution, which act would con-
stitute one of the offenses recited.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman says
the gist of the matter is the conspiracy. Well,
sir, if we can legislate against a conspiracy to
commit a larceny, can we not provide against
the larceny itself? Is the conspiracy to deprive
a man of his property worse than the depriving
him; the attempt, "combination," to com-
mit arson greater than the arson? Then 1 say
again that it there is a constitutional warrant
for legislating against persons for offenses com-
mitted against the liberties or lives of persons
within a State, there i3 equal warrant for legis-
lating for offenses against the rights of property
of individuals, for they are placed upon the
same footing in the Constitution. But more
about this, perhaps, as I proceed to consider
the third section of this bill. I will read that
section just as reported from the committee :
/'That in ali eases where insurrection, domestic
violence, unlawful combinations
Unlawful combinations are described in the
second section as committed by two or more
persons—
That in all cases where insurrection, domestic
violence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies in
any State shall so far obstruct or hinder the execu-
tion of the Jaws thereof as to deprive any portion
or class of the people of sueb State of any of the
rights, privileges, or immunities named in and
secured by this act, and the constituted authorities
ol such State shall either be unablo to, or shall, from
any cause, tail in or refuse protection of the people
m such rights, and shall fail or neglect, through the
proper authorities,.^ apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, such facts shall
be deemed a denial by such State of the equal pro-
tection ot the laws to which they are entitled under
the fourteenth article of amendments to the Consti-
tution of theXJmted States; and in all such cases it
shall bo lawful for the President, and it shall be his
uuty, to take such measures, by the employment of
the militia or the land and naval forces of the Uni-
ted States, or of either, or by other means, as he
may decm necessary for the suppression ofsuch in-
surrection, domestic violence, or combinations, and
any person who shall be arrested under the provis-
ions of this and the preceding section shall be deliv-
ered to the marshal of the proper district, to be dealt
with according to law.
Now, what does this section mean when
stripped of all unnecessary verbiage? I have
somewhat carefully considered it, and this is
its reading:
In every case where unlawful combinations shall
so far hinder or obstruct the execution of the laws
ot any otate as to deprive any portion of the people
of any of their rights, privileges, or immunities, and
the constituted authorities of such State shall, from
any cause, tail in protecting the people in such rights
and shall not, through the proper authorities, apply
to the President of the United States for aid in that
behalf, such facts shall bo deemed a denial by such
tetato of the equal protection of the laws to which
they areentitled under the Constitution of the United
States, and the President may thereupon at his own
disci etion use the land and naval forces of the United
states, or call out the militia, or use any other means
he pleases to put down such combinations, and every
person who shall be arrested shall be delivered to the
marshal ot the proper district for trial.
Is not that a very remarkable section ? Let
us see what facts constitute a denial of the equal
protection of the Jaws. The unlawful com-
bination which is described in the preceding
section is by two or more persons. That is
an unlawful combination, is it not, I submit
to my friend?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If the gentleman
wants an answer now —
?rF' A brief one.
_ Mr. SHELLABARGER. Such a combina-
tion as is described 
th^t*' i^SWORTH. I was coming to
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Such a one, if
it can be done by two persons, provided it be
ot such magnitude as to produce the results
named.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose a con-
stable_ and a justice of the peace can do it
sometimes.
i ^^kl'A-BARGER. Deprive the peo-
ple of their rights?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. " Any portion of
the people." There may be a combination
of two officers to deprive a portion, not the
whole people, but a portion; "deprive aiif
portion or class of the people of such State."
What is "a portion of the people?" Twif
persons are a portion of the people, one man
is a portion. Now, if two or more persons,
constituting an unlawful combination, shall
conspire and shall be able to deprive a " por-
tion of the people," no matter how smalli of
"any" rights guarantied to them; and what
else? And shall be so successful as to prevent
the " constituted authorities " from being able
to_ afford protection to those persons who con-
stitute a portion of the people; and what else ?
And if the "constituted authorities" shall
fail to apply to the President of the United
States "through the proper authorities for
aid," then what? It shall constitute a denial
of the equal protection of the laws. Then the
equal protection of' the laws by a State con-
sists in part, does it not, of refusing to apply
to the President for assistance ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly itdoes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And that is what is
meant by your Constitution, is it? And there
cannot be a denial by a State of the "equal
protection of the laws" unless there is a refusal
to apply to the President!
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
is mistaken again.
Mr. FARNa WORTH. That is by the sec-
tion made one of the elements which constitute
a denial.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope my friend
will allow me to interrupt him a moment; for, '
as 1 have already said, he is making a very
candid criticism, and one very proper to be
noticed. I wish to correct the gentleman. This
section describes what constitutes one species
of denial which authorizes the intervention of
the United States Government. But if, in case
of unlawful combinations, the proper authori-
ties do apply, as has just happened with refer-
ence to South Carolina, then this section would
not touch the case at ail. The existing law
meets that. case. Wherever there is an unlaw-
ful combination, and the authorities do apply
for the assistance of the United States, they
get it under existing laws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But there must be
a denial of the equal protection of the laws
before you can call upon the President for
assistance.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Under this sec-
tion, that is true.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; notunderthis
section. This section makes that a part of the
denial of the equal protection of the laws.
_ Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly. That
is right.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, if you deny
the equal protection of the laws, t.hat is com-
plete befoie you call upon the President; it
must be complete before the Governor or the
Legislature calls upon the President.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Thatisthe theory
ot the scction.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, in another
respect the language of the section is peculiar,
it supposes a case where " the constituted
authorities of such State shall fail or neglect,
through the proper authorities, to apply to the
President of the United States for aid in that
behalf. Who are "the constituted author-
ities' and who are " the proper authorities?"
What is the distinction ? And what is the
meaning of this distinction ? Do " constituted
authorities" mean those of a city, or town, or
county, and " proper authorities" those of
tbe State ? Undoubtedly that is the intention.
It is adtniUed that there are " proper author-
ities through which to apply to the Presi-
dent, and that can only mean the Legislature,
or Governor, if the Legislature is not in ses-
