1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
the Federal courts would be mere brutumful-
men. _ When we once clearly understand the
constitutional limitations imposed on thecourts
we can readily ascertain the extent of congres-
sional jurisdiction over the subject. Section
two of article three limits the judicial power
of the United States, so far as States and indi-
viduals are concerned—
"To controversies between two or move States,
between a State and citizens of another Stnte,
between citizens of tho sumo State, claiming lands
under grants of different States, and between aStato
and the citizens thereof and foreign States, pitizons,
or subjects."
The strongest words of limitation known to
our language are used to make it certain that
the power shall notextend beyond these classes
of cases; but, as if to make assurance doubly
sure, article ten of the amendments to the Con-
stitution provides that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to tho States
aro reserved to the States, respectively,'or to tho
people."
In the face of these limitations and reserved
powers, it never entered into the brain of any
-set of men till within the last few years—in-
deed, I may say till now—that Congress could
extend the power of the Federal judiciary
over questions arising out of breaches of pri-
vate contract, or to personal wrongs between
citizens of the same State—for example, as
the bill does, make assault and battery a fel-
ony punishable in the courts of the United
States. That step taken, States, State laws,
and courts are, as I said, a mockery and ii
farce j consolidation and centralization is com-
plete; the death knell of civil liberty has
struck; anarchy or empire has come.
But my friends on this side who have pre-
ceded me have so thoroughly picked thi3 bill
to pieces, and exposed its enormities, that I
will not analyze its provisions further. It has
at least the merit of bold usurpation, in prin-
ciple, if not immediately in practice. It
reaches and crushes all the States and all the
peoples alike. The iron hand of the despot
may be gloved for a while when it is extended
to the North and the West; it may be policy
to subdue and conquer a section at a time,
and the South and Southwest will first feel
the heavy hand of the oppressor. Still, as
has been well said by Mr. Burke,
"There is nothing to bridle the violences of State
faction but this: ' that whenever an act is made for
tho cessation of law or justice tho whole people
should be universally subjected to the sauio suspen-
sion of their franchises.' The alarm of such a pro-
ceeding would then be universal. It would operate
as asort of'call of the nation.' It would becoino
every man's immediate concern to he made sensiblo
of the abbolute necessity of this total eclipse of lib-
erty. They would more carefully advert to every
renewal, and moro powerfully resist it. These great
determined measures are not commonly as danger-
ous to freedom. They aro marked by too strong lines
to slide into use." 4 5 " "Butthotruo
danger is, when liberty is nibbled away for expedi •
cuts and by parts." * ;t s" v "Indeed,
nothing is security to any individual but tho com-
mon interest of ail."
I have great faith that the love, admiration,
and respect which the people have for their
State institutions and their States will, with-
out waiting for the actual application of the
force provided for by this bill to the great
States of the North, take the alarm and hurl
from place and power all who dare to main-
tain or seek to enforce the infamous—if par-
liamentary, I would say infernal—provisions
of it.
"In other countries the people, more simple and
of a less mcrcurial cast, judge of an ill prineiplo in
government only by the actual grievance; here they
anticipate the evil, and judge of the pressure of the
grievance by the badness of the principle. They
augur misgovernment at a distance, and snuff the
approach of tyranny in every tainted breeze."
So said Mr. Burke, when speaking of the
people of America in 1776. I hope and be-
lieve some portion of the spirit of the fathers
of the Republic has been transmitted to their
children, and that there are men enough left
yet, determined to be free, to put down all the
aiders and abettors of such measures as this.
Still, as I started to say, it is a better bill than
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 23.
that which General Butler has pressed so long
and so hard before the Committee on Recon-
struction and the House, because its principles
'or oppressions, call them what you will, ex-
tend or may extend to all men and all States
everywhere, and give each individual the secur-
ity of the common interest of all to defeat or
repeal it.
General Butler of course obtains practically
by this bill all and more than all that his own
bill proposed in this regard; and that is all he
cares for, the power ot the President is more
absolute, the surrender of constitutional liberty
is more thorough, more abjectly servile than
even be ventured to propose. He thought he
could lash his party friends into fury against
the States of the South and Kentucky by howl-
ing at them as murderers, Ku Klux, rebels,
and traitors. He did not believe that northern
Radicals here would voluntarily surrender their
own liberties and those of their people even
to do his bidding. Since his victory, and their
unconditional surrender, ho is as bland as lie
was gloomy while defeat seemed inevitable..
Hehas appeared toyield to Mr. Siim.lauaiimisu;
but he and hiscolaborer, Senator Morton, are
the Warwicks, the king-makers, and will of
course claim and obtain the highest honors in
tho imperial dynasty.
I am glad his bill was printed and given to
the country. 1 am glad, too, that he has an-
nounced the fact, and repeated it on this floor
uncontradicted by any member of his parly,
when the House was full that a majority of the
Republicans on this floor were in favor of his
bill. I want the country to know that fact. I
want every Democratic orator 011 every stump
to read that bill, and proclaim to the people
thata Radical majority in Congress stood ready
to pass it. To prevent mistakes I will read
from the Globe of Wednesday last:
"Mr. 15ctlkr, of Massachusetts. I will restato
what I said, so that there shall be 110 mistake. I
understand that tho bill which 1 presented and which
is in print does meet tho approval of n majority of
tho ltepublicans on this floor."
Mr. DAWES. 1 am entirely willing the
gentleman shall say that my colleague made
that statement.
Mr. BUCK. Very well; I say the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Buti.urJ said
so. It may be a lie. I do not say that it is.
No marion that side of the House contradicted
him when he said it. I repeat, that I want
every Democrat to have that bill printed and
circulated in his district. Let it go to tho peo-
ple, accompanied by the statement of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that a majority of
the Republicans in Congress were willing to
support it, and that it only failed to become
a law because of the fierce opposition of the
Democracy. If the statement was not true,
why did not some members of the gentleman's
party contradict him?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, no man, either
on this side of the House or 011 any side, is
authorized to say that the majority of the Re-
publicans of this House were in favor of that
measure. No vote, no record, 110 public or
private expression of opinion from the Repub-
licans of this Congress authorizes any gentle-
man to say that a majority of them were in
favor of that measure.
Mr. BECK. Very well; I do not say they
were. I say it was so announced by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buti.hr.] I
say that he proclaimed that the bill had been
agreed to in a caucus of his party, and that a
majority were willing to stand by it. If he has
come before this House and told a falsehood,
let him and his colleagues settle it. I have
read his statement taken from the Globe.
That bill, sir, thus approved, selects for
vengeance twelve States of this Union by
name, and provides that their citizens may be
hanged for offenses which are punished by con-
finement in jail, or by fine only, in the other
States. It would fine me, for example, beitrj
a citizen of Kentucky, $1,000, and imprison
me for a year, if I refuse to employ or dis-
charge from employment a man because of his
politics, while General Butler, in Massachu-
setts, may do the same thing with impunity.
If the provisions of that bill had become law.
and had been made applicable alike to all
men everywhere, as all just laws should bo,
the President of the United States, and every
member ot bis Cabinet, and every Radical
member of Congress, as aider and abettor,
would spend the balance of their days in j.iii
if it could only reach back a year, and there
would not be money enough in the Treasury
of the United States to pay their lines.
Private suits were by its provisions to be
instituted, and every citizen iu the county or
town held responsible for damages if two or
more drunken scoundrels should whip one of
their equally worthless companions. Marshals,
commissioners, and theirdeputies were allowed
to call out the Army and Navy, at their discre-
tion, to aid them in any act they might see fit
to do. Arrests were to be made 011 simple
information, without oath or affirmation. Ex-
cessive bail was demanded when allowed at all;
in short, the bill was atrocious and infamous.
Yet the majority of the Radical members on
this floor approved it, as their leader asserted
and still asserts ; and they, by their silenec,
assented then to the truth of his statement,
though his colleague denies it now. That bill
is gone, thank God I yet the country ought to
know that, but for Democratic opposition it
would be tlie law now ; at least so far us this
House is concerned.
I would like some gentleman to tell me why
this bill is urged and pressed upon Congress
and the country by the President and his fugle-
men now, after both Houses have agreed to
appoint committees to investigate and report
in December upon tho truth of tho rumors that
have been propagated and circulated so ener-
getically at and around this Capitol for the last
few months relative to the condition of things
in tho southern States, if it is not because it is
known that even a partisan investigation will
give the lie to all these slanders. I know it
will. I have served four years on the Recon-
struction Committee of this House, and in a
hopeless minority of it, and I have heard all
these tales of horror so often, and have heard
their falsehood so frequently and so thoroughly
exposed, that I recognize now the old familiar
rallying-cry, and know that it only requires
time to expose its falsehood and lay bare the
villainy of its authors to bring it and them into
contempt and scorn before the people.
No man knows better than the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] that if ever
Congress and the country are allowed to know
the truth, if any opportunity, however unequal
or unfair, is allowed to develop it, all hope
of the passage of this or any kindred bill is at
an end. The President's chance for empire
and his chance for being prime minister is at
an end. Each will have to retire to the people,
from whence they came, to give an account of
their stewardship; and other and I hope bet-
ter men will fill their places. The persistent
determination of the House to order an invest-
igation of the fact3 and adjourn, especially the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnswortii,] brought matters to a crisis.
The presidential leaders, almost baffled, had
to show their hands. The President was sent
for iu hot haste, and his message, not even
dated "Executive Mansion," was scratched
off and sent to us interlined and blurred, just
as it was drawn in the caucus at the other end
of the Capitol. The party lash was applied to
enforce obedience to presidential orders; and
here we are proposing to hang the people of
the South without evidence and grant them a
rehearing afterward.
Pass this bill, turn loose the spies, inform-
ers, and lying detectives all over the land, and
you will get all the evidence you want; every
postmaster at every cross-road, every revenue
officer and detective, every official of every
grade in every southern State will hold his
