S54:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
place or be removed according to the zeal he
exhibits for his master. The people in every
Democratic State will be blackened and ma-
ligned to order, and presidential authority and
means he employs will be vindicated, 110 mat-
ter what they may be, but the liberties of the
people will be gone. It is a desperate game
of desperate gamblers for power, and the con-
tinuance or destruction of republican govern-
ment depends on the result of the game. No
doubt gentlemen less familiar with these things
than I am gave some credence to General Bot-
x.bivs statement the other day, that men in the
South were afraid to tell the truth as to the
outrages committed because they would be
afterward murdered, beaten, or otherwise in-
jured if they dared to do so.
That is the same old story that has been
rung in the ears of the Reconstruction Com-
mittee for four years, and the best answer to it
is, that while volume after volume of the affi-
davits and the lies told by these men against
the people of all the southern States have been
published and scattered broadcast over the
country, and these men have continued to live
among the southern people whom they have
maligned, slandered, and traduced, there is
not an instance of a single human being, white
or black, having been injured or interfered
■with because of any statement he has made
or any testimony he has given, no matter how
maliciously false it may have been. It has
been said that a man who never was in the
tropics does not know what a thunder-storm
is, that a man who has never visited Niagara
has but a faint idea of a cataract, and I feel
sure that a man who has not been a member
of the Reconstruction Committee has no ade-
quate conception of a har.
I hold in my hand a volume of evidence
taken before us relative to Ku Klux and other
outrages in Georgia. Men, white and black,
appeared before the committee, claiming to be
persecuted because of their loyalty, and told
tales of horrid outrages committed by Ku Klux
and rebels on loyal men that made the blood
run cold. Some of them swore that they had
been beaten with clubs, whipped with cow-
hides, and forced to leave the country ; that
the courts aud juries refused thein justice ; in
short, told tales precisely like those manufac-
tured and retailed now, so like, that I some-
times suppose the current series are copied
from the old set. The committee was horrified.
Authority was given to take the affidavits of
the judges and other leading men of Georgia.
One hundred and eight gentlemen responded,
embracing all the judges of their supreme
and other courts. The sneak thieves who had
sworn to such monstrous outrages were con-
victed of the boldest and most infamous per-
jury, and they slunk away from the commit-
tee room like detected robbers or sheep-killing
The committee ceased to consider the case
and threw the evidence aside, and it was only
published on my motion, as will be seen by
the order on the first page, as I was determined
the world should know wbat infamous scoun-
drels the Freedmen's Bureau agents, loyal
leagues, and other vampires were, who had
overrun the South to rob and plunder that peo-
ple and shield themselves under pretense of
loyalty. It is-Miscellaneous Document No. 32,
third session of the Fortieth Congress. The
proof there made saved Georgia at the time
from the attempted re-reconstruction, though
the President usurped the power afterward to
reconstruct her again under General Terry, as
I shall show hereafter.
The same thing occurred in Mississippi, and
liere is the document, (Miscellaneous Docu-
ment No. 53,J of the same session. The same
character of proof was made by the same class
of men, the same charges were made, and the
same sort of an investigation took place. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] and
myself were the only two Democrats out of
the nine on that committee; but feeble as we
were, the committee, having Mr. Stevens, of
Pennsylvania, at its head, and having upon it
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]#
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
worth,] and Governor Boutweil, men who
regarded truth afid decency, we crushed out
and dismissed, with the scorn and contempt
they deserved, all the slanders that were told.
The reports of General Gillem and his officers,
and the best citizens of Mississippi, made the
falsehoods apparent, and the oppressive and
unjust constitution sought to be imposed on
Mississippi was rejected, as it ought to have
been. Bat General Gillem was supplanted
by General Ames because he dared to tell the
truth ; military law was not reestablished, an
amended constitution was adopted, and that
people got at least a start in the right direc-
tion, because of this proof thus taken.
Here is a remarkable case, the case of Ten-
nessee. I call to it the attention of Congress,
and especially of the members from that State
now upon the floor ; and I call particularly the
■attention of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
MaYnard] to it. The then delegation from
Tennessee, with the honorable exception of
Mr. Hawkins, who opposed them all he could,
filed their charges against the State—here
they are; signed by Samuel M. Arnell, W. B.
Stokes, W. F. Prosser, Lewis Tillman; W. S.
Smith, and Horace Maynard—claiming that
the State of Tennessee was in a state of revo-
lution, and that it ought to be reconstructed.
I will read precisely what they say on that
point. I do not propose to read the whole
libel:
"The State government of Tennessee, as now con-
stituted and revolutionized, has never had any rec-
ognition by the Government of the United States,
aud we ask that Congress take immediate steps to
provide for us a government, republican in form,
that will conduce to the happiness and welfare of
all its people."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When was that?
Mr. BECK. February, 1870; more than
one year ago. There was a volume of testi-
mony taken. I hold it up, that gentlemen may
see the pile. Men came before the committee
and swore to such things as you never heard
of. I hope the House will allow that to be
published for the edification of the people, to
show what unprincipled men will swear to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why was it not pub-
lished?
Mr. BECK. Because those of us who knew
that the charges were false got the Governor of
Tennessee, the speaker of the house, and the
president of the senate of Tennessee to come
here and contradict them. We brought Fed-
eral officers and Federal soldiers, and confed-
erate officers and confederate soldiers, and
the best citizens of the State, and they united
in branding as liars, and as perjurers, those
who had made these false statements against
the State of Tennessee, so that even the men
who brought the charges slunk away from the
committee-room, and it was never reported to
Congress and now; lies amid the rubbish of
that committee-room. I carried it up this
morning to make profert of it. There was
then no man here upon this floor to speak for
Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, will the
gentleman from Kentucky tell us why that
body of evidence was not published as the
members from Tennessee desired, again and
again requested, in order that the country might
understand how much truth there was or how
little truth there was in a great deal that was
said there ?
Mr. BECK. I have not time to go into
details in reference to all these things ; my
time is too nearly exhausted. If its publica-
tion was ever desired I never heard of it. Its
publication was never asked for by any Repub-
lican that I ever heard or knew of. All
efforts to base a bill on it such as you desired
were abandoned. You had eleven members
of that committee who were Republicans, and
we only four; why did they not ask for its
publication if you wanted it done? The gen-
tleman from Tennessee knows that these wit-
nesses were all brought here by order to slan-
der and malign the State. He knows that one
of them, the colored leader of the delegation,
the great patriot par excellence, was proved
in his own neighborhood to have been a man
of villainous character, who carried away the
wife of his host while he was staying with him
as a guest!
There it stands, Mr. Speaker, as the record
of seven Republican members from the State
of Tennessee, declaring that their State was
in revolution, and ought to be reconstructed.
They asked the reconstruction of their State
upon the evidence of men who were unmis-
takably stamped as perjured scoundrels. I
will ask to have it published if gentlemen on
the other side do not object. There will be no
objection to its publication on this side of the
House. -It think its publication was withheld
because it shows what the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] knew to be the
fact, that any investigation would develop
what was developed in the case of Georgia,
what was developed in the case of Mississippi,
what was developed in all the other States, as
I could show if I had time to go over them ;
and what was developed in the case of Ten-
nessee, and what will be always developed
under any sort of committee which you may
get up here. And he did not care to make
the Tennessee failure public ; it was filed away
because the facts are against them aud all their
outrages are disproved whenever probed. The
truth is, that while there may be isolated cases
of wrong, there is not throughout the whole
South any organized resistance to the law.
There may be in North Carolina, but I be-
lieve not now. There was, 1 understand, at one
time. We want the truth. I say here that I
will go as far as he who goes farthest to pro-
tect all men everywhere without.regard to race,
color, or previous condition, in all their rights,
privileges, and immunities; and the Demo-
cratic party are ready to do so in the South and
throughout the whole country. Whenever they
fail to do it I will no longer belong to that
party. But I will not consent to subvert the
Constitution of the country ; I will not proclaim
the President military dictator in order to do it.
I have more regard for civil liberty than for the
private rights of any one man. The one is
evanescent; the other is forever, or at least we
hope to make it so. And while seeking to do
away with a little wrong, I will never consent
to sap the foundationsof the Government itself,
and leap back a thousand years, sweeping away
Magna Charta, the Bill of' Rights, habeas cor-
pus, as well as the Constitution and all its
glorious principles.
Sir, I repeat, the only reason why this bill
is to be rushed through in hot haste now is
because the truth, when developed by the pro-
posed investigation, would have crushed it
out. The President knew it, Mr. Butler
knew it, Mr. Morton knew it, the fuglemen
both in this and in the other House knew it;
and hence this House had to be lashed into
fury in the hope that the bill would be pushed
through under presidential dictation. Now or
never was the time. The truth would destroy
it, as will be seen whenever the state of the
case is investigated.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] spoke yesterday of the deplorable
condition of the States in the South, and
asked why they are in that condition. I will
tell him. It is because the high protective
pig-iron men, of whom he is such a valuable
Representative, never intended after the war
was over that the States of the South should
send men to Congress who would do away with
the monstrous tariff and other iniquities which
they had built up during all the years of war.
The protectionists knew that the South and the
West and the Southwest, the great producing
regions, would never support a tariff averaging
forty-eight per cent, in gold when there had
