1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
been a tariff of only nineteen per cent, before,
■with the increased tariff so adjusted as to take
the largest possible amount out of the pockets
of the people and put it into those of the great
protected monopolists. The class legislation
in favor of a few men in Pennsylvania and
New England would all be overthrown when-
ever honest Representatives from these States
were admitted; therefore, it was that when
the genuine Representatives of those States
applied they were excluded. Men like Judge
Sharkey, of Mississippi, who had the interests
of their States at heart, and who would not con-
sent to be bound hand and foot to the chariot-
wheels of high protection and other infamous
class legislation, were driven "from Congress.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.
Stevens) in the House, and men like Mr.
Sumner in the Senate, the representatives
of the great iron and manufacturing regions,
raised the cry of disloyalty. Those men were
not only kicked out, but their States were de-
clared to be conquered provinces, waste, out-
lying territories, military satrapies. Freed -
men's Bureaus were organized through all the
South. Men were sent there from Maine and
Massachusetts, from all over New England,
and elsewhere, who were known to be high
tariff, protective men, or were willing to be-
come so, or anything else that would give them
power and money. At the expense of the
southern people, they were invested by Con-
gress and the military with power to elect
themselves. The Army and Navy were made
subject to their orders. The negroes were
threatened that they would be put back into
slavery if they did not elect those carpet-bag-
gers; and they were promised forty acres of
land and a mule apiece if they voted for them.
Many of them went to the polls with halters in
their hands to lead the mule home, firmly be-
lieving that they would get it. But of course
' it was a lie.
The negroes were forced to join the Loyal
Leagues, and compelled to vote for the carpet-
baggers. They were kept duly excited with
mean whisky and worse advice, till they were
induced to believe that their old masters, who
always had been and always will be their best
friends, were their worst enemies. TJie gentle-
man talks about their being a political power;
it is just such ideas and delusions that turn
their brain anil bring about all their trouble,
and their only enemies are the men who want
to make them a separate political power. In a
contest with thirty-seven millions of the white
race they are nothing, in their poverty and
ignorance. The man who would advise them to
keep out of political strife is their best friend,
and those who delude and deceive them by
thus pandering to them for selfish ends are
their worst enemies of course.
The result of all this system of outrage was
that carpet-baggers were sent here, men like
Whittemore, of South Carolina, and Deweese,
of North Carolina. You know the sort of men
they.sent; men who sold their cadetships and
everything else they could make money out of.
Whenever you had proof that a man was a
thief you had absolute power over him. If the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
knew that Mr. Whittemore or Mr. Deweese
were disposed to vote against his pig iron, he
had only to go 
Mr. PLATT. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. BECK. I do not yield. The gentle-
man will learn more by listening to me than
by talking himself. [Laughter.] I say Judge
Keli,f,y could have gone to those men and told
them, " You dare to vote against my tariff on
pig iro'i, and I will expel you ; I know you
have sold your votes and your cadetships."
What would be the result ? They would throw
up their hands and exclaim, "Good God I
don't do that, Judge Kelley. I will vote for
anything you want." You owned them. But
you did more. You expelled Democrats—
numbers of them—elected by majorities rang-
ing from one to seven thousand—on all sorts of
pretexts, but really for the purpose of getting
in these men whom you could use for your
own purposes, and they were made to misrep-
resent the southern States ip Congress as the
price of their admission and the privilege of
keeping their seats. There were of course
honorable exceptions ; such as Mr. Sheldon,
Mr. Buckley, and others I could name, but
none such were expected.
That is what was done, then, and that is at
the bottom of all the trouble, while you still
ostracise and hold under disability the intelli-
gent leaders of that people, in violation of every
principle of justice. And what else have you
done? Every State that you have had under
your rule has become bankrupt. Georgia to-
day has her railroads all sold and her bonds
and other public property all gone. The debt
of North Carolina has gone up from fifteen to
thirty-five millions; the debt of Tennessee has
been increased from twelve or fourteen to forty
millions. South Carolina is hopelessly bank-
rupt, and so with all the others. In every one
of those States there exists, or has until lately,
a system of plunder and oppression. The peo-
ple are now throwing off the shackles. Kven
the negroes are turning against you. It is be-
cause the scepter is departing from Judah, and
other and better men are coming here who
will stand by their States, who will stand by
the West, who will vote for their interests, and
not for pig iron and other like jobs; that you
are now seeking to reconstruct these States,
and put them again under the ban, those of
you who are actuated by other motives than
to make General Grant emperor.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield a
moment?
Mr. BECK. For a question, yes ; I have
no time to yield long.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 would ask the gentleman
if it was the high protective tariff that drove
the South into rebellion and bankrupted all
the railroads and other corporations as well as
the States of the South? Was it the tariff of
1857 that did that?
Mr. BECK. I will answer the gentleman.
It was the low tariff that induced the Tribune
and all your high protective tariff papers to
endeavor to get the South to go into rebellion,
so that you might put up a high tariff and
other like monopolies. They said, "Let the
erring sisters depart in peace," in order that
they might have the control ofthe legislation of
the Government and shape it to suit them-
selves.
Mr. KELLEY. One more question.
Mr. BECK. I have no time; let me go on.
I have but fifteen minutes of my hour left, and
I have enough to say to occupy an hour. I
will tell you another reason why this move-
ment is gotten up just at this time; every man
here at least knows that it is not to protect
the people of the South ; that will do to tell to
the marines. It is to divert the minds of the
people from the grave charges of iniquity of
all sorts in the management of affairs which we
have made against you and proved against you.
It is a flank movement to excite the people by
the cry of murder, Ku Klux, &c., when the peo-
ple are thinking of calling you to account for
your plunder, extravagance, corruption, nepo-
tism, class legislation, banks, tariffs, bonds,
railroad swindles, and everything of that sort
that lie at the door of and is being conclusively
proved upon the dominant party.
Why, sir, there are hundreds of men con-
nected with this Government in high places
who dare not let the people know what they
have been doing. We are appropriating now
$300,000,000 a year out ofthe Treasury directly
for the purpose of carrying on this Govern-
ment, and expenditures are increasing in
spite of all that can be done. Hundreds of
millions of dollars' worth of property, in the
shape of ships, arms, munitions of war, horses,
mules, wagons, all that was laid in for war
purposes, have been sold by Government offi-
cials and spent besides in ways Congress knows
nothing of and can get no account of. No man
in this House can guess within $50,000,000 of
what has been so sold and spent without our
knowledge in the last few years, and the'inforai-
at.ion cannot be obtained. I have tried it earn-
estly. Over twenty million dollars is reported
as owing by defaulting revenue officers, only
fifty out of over three hundred of whom have
ever been sued.
Fifteen million dollars' worth of arms alone
have been sold in the last nin^months, but it
does not diminish appropriations a cent. You
have given away principality alter principal-
ity. You have corruption festering everywhere.
You have legislated to make Bessemer steel
arid pig iron, bunting, coal, and salt, and every-
thing in which a few men in the eastern States
and in Pennsylvania are interested, pay so high
a duty that these things and others of that class
cost the people hundreds of millions of dollars
more than they would under a just Govern-
ment. I might go on and show the corrup-
tion of the Post Office Department—the Tiee
meter and other like swindles in the internal
revenue, and a thousand other things which it
is very important to divert the attention of the
people from; and the cry of Ku Klux is as
good a way to do it as any other.
You know that whenever we—I mean by
that the Democratic party—get possession of
the Government, as we will unless prevented
by the bayonet; whenever we get hold of the
books of the War Department, of the Navy
Department, of the Treasury Department, of
the Interior Department, of the Post Office,
and the others, and develop them to the coun-
try, the men who have been prominent in the
legislation and administration of affairs in this
country for the last ten years will stink in the
nostrils of all the world. Then we may be
able to understand how men on a salary of
but $1,500 a year have been able to build pala-
tial residences and amass colossal fortunes.
We will then be able to understand the Chor-
penning and other cases. Many of you dare not
allow us to do it if it can be prevented in any
way, fair or foul. It is to prevent that, to
delude and deceive the people, that you now
propose to change the issue, and, if necessary,
make General Grant emperor rather than suffer
the exposure to be made.
We have shown, and the people are fast
getting to understand, that there is hardly a
Department of the Government that is not
rotten to the core. And nobody seems to care.
It is looked upon as a matter of course. For
example, a report was made upon the Indian
department by Mr. Sargent of California,
Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, and myself at the
last session, charging that the department, by
neglect and incompetency of the Commis-
sioner, by reason of vicious contracts, at least
had last year had cost the people hundreds of
thousands of dollars. But no man has said a
word against these contracts, in this House or
elsewhere; the Indian Commissioner has never
been censured by the.President for that charge
made against him by two prominent members
of his own party in an official report to Con-
gress fully sustained by published proofs.
And so with all the Departments. You dare
not allowan investigation. You want to change
the issue. You know the southern States are
going Democratic as well as the northern. You
want to stuff the ballot-boxes of the North by
the ballots of the South, obtained by the bay-
onet, and thus neutralize the one with the
other. Many of you would rather see the Pres-
ident dictator to-day than to see the Dem-
ocratic party come into power and expose
the outrageous acts your party has committed,
That is at the bottom of it all. I do not know
that General Grant is as bad a man as some
of his leading party friends say he is. They
know him better than I, But if he was the
best man on earth, if he was General Wash-
ington himself, the power this bill proposes to
give should not be conferred on hitn.
