1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
42d Oong....1st Sess.
Kw Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
in the public raind, but yet these, as other evils
before, were borne.
'*13ut the State government has not afforded ade-
quate protection to persons and property. In fact,
until a late period, by the free exercise of the par-
doning power and by the arming of the colored
militia, while the whites were disarmed, grave errors
*wcre committed, which has led to a sense that there
should be selt-protection iflaw and order were finally
to pr?vail. We are not advocating the doctrine that
any peopleshouldtake the law into their own hands,
whether in the form of vigilance committees ur other-
wise, but, presenting the facts as they exist, we can
allude only to one of the cases which the commit-
tee of the Legislature havo represented at Washing-
ton. Wo refer to the occurrence which took place
at Union. The colored militiawere on parade, with
arms in their hands. They met on the public road
a one-armed white man, who had foimerly been in
the confederate, service, who had some whisky in
bis wagon. This they demanded, flourishing their
arms. He gave them some. They then demanded
more. This he declined upon the ground that it
was not his property, but belonged to other parties.
They deliberately took him from his wagon, carried
hiin into the woods, and there shot hiui in cold, blood
with the State arms in their hands. Here was a
flagrant and wanton case of highway robbery and
murder, committed under circumstances as mon-
strous as it is without the slightest justification. To
permit such a case to go unpunished was at once to
place every man's life and home in Union in peril
and hazard. It would be to commit the persons and
propert5' of every man, woman, and child at the
mercy of a colored band of militia with loaded arms
in their hands. It would be equivalent to the grant-
ing of a roving commission of theft and blood.
"Five of those identified as engaged in the deed
were arrested and committed to jail. An attempt
was made to have them removed to another county.
A band of armed men entered the jail and with their
own hands executed the law. They left behind a
paper staling as a reason that the removal of the
prisoners to Columbia meant their release without
trial or punishment."
That is one of the causes touched in this
article, which, although it does not belong to
North Carolina, as there, I believe, suffrage
is free to all persons under the State laws, is
yet one of the curses which afflict almost every
other southern State. It is the election laws,
which are so contrived that the Governor of the
State can, through his subordinate officers, abso-
lutely control the election and decide it against
any majority. In South Carolina they have a
law which, after the election is over, confides
the ballot-boxes tor nine days to the superin-
tendent, to be in his private custody, to be
counted by him without the presence of wit-
nesses. This person is appointed by the Gov-
ernor, and all the election officers are appointed
by the Governor. How easy, even if the peo-
ple of South Carolina were unanimous in the
desire for the overthrow of the Radical mis-
rule in their State, would it be to import enough
carpet-baggers from the North to make election
officers out of them, and count the entire vote
thrown against that government in favor of it
and declare themselves elected !
And this is not a case which is imaginary
and suppposed only, but it is a thing which
has actually occurred in many of those States ;
for a similar law, made upon the same pattern,
operates in Louisianaas well as in South Caro-
lina and in Florida, and in many of the other
States. The Governor of Florida in the recent
election threw out nine counties in order to
give himself the majority and elect himself to
office, and retained other counties in which
there were exactly similar errors in the returns
as those contained in the returns of the counties
which he threw out. They might continue
and perpetuate their dynasty forever. They
could make a Radical heaven dow.n there.
Mr. OSBORN. The Governor did not act
in the matter.
Mr. BLAIR, Well, it may not have been
the Governor. It was done by some officer
of the State, who thus defeated the«will of the
people. It illustrates the principle, whether
the election was that of a Secretary of State
or of Governor. They are all regulated by the
same law. This is the republican form of gov-
ernment which has been guarantied by Con-
giess to these States, to put them and their
people and their property absolutely by these
election laws in the hands of one man ! I sup-
pose it is to supply the pattern upon which the
modern republic is to be constructed by these
Radicals if they continue in authority!
I should do injustice to South Carolina if I
did .not advert to the conduct of their Legisla-
ture. The same paper from which I have read
says:
"The State Legislature will adjourn to-day. Its
session has been one of infinite harm, so far as re-
gards its measures of squandering the public money
and adding to the taxation of the State. For the
general welfare it has accomplished nothing. In
former days, before the war, a three weeks' session,
at a small cost, was sufficient for all the purposes of
an honest government. Now, with all the reverses
of the war, and with a people bowed down under
the burdens of taxation, we have an annual session
of nearly four months, at a cost so enormous as almost
to bankrupt tho remaining resources of the Common-
wealth. Before the war each State senator and rep-
resentative received three dollars a day for the three
weeks' sesion. Now we have a four months' session
at six dollars aday, sufficient to support most of the
members for the residue of the year. Besides this,
there is a perfect army of clerks for the senate, the
house, and almost every committee, at large sal-
aries, until the State fairly staggers under its misgov-
ernment and the misappropriation of the people's
money,
" Us£il the last few days the whole session was
dawdled away, and then there was introduced the
proposed railroad schemes, by which the treasury
of the State is to bo depleted. One of these was so
thoroughly exposed by the public press that it was
soon withdrawn. It was one of those things ot evil
that could not bear the light. In its place, under
more plausible shape, comes the bill to consolidate
the Greenville and Blue Ridge roads. In other
words, whatcould not be accomplished by one road
is now asked by both. It is a combination to effect
what one could not achieve. The Greenville' ring'
asked for $2,000,000. In this they failed. And now
the consolidated companies practically ask for
$4,000,000 to be added to the debt of the State, and
redeemed out of the pockets of the tax-payers.
" And this is clear when we look the facts in the
face. The State now owes $4,000,000 on the bonds of
the Blue Ridge railroad, guarantied by itself, hut. for
its own security and that of its tax-payers has a first
hen upon the road. The debt is that of the road.
The State, and, therefore, the people, are only col-
laterally liable as guarantors. And for this guaran-
tee they have the first lien or mortgage. ±>ut now
the proposition is that the State shall continuo its
guarantee hut relinquish its lien, and thus create
an absolute indebtedness of $4,000,000 for the benefit
ot this consolidated movement.
"There might just as well have been so much money
taken directly out of the pockets of the people and
appropriated to the benefit of this conjoint move-
ment. The unseemly hnste with which this new
movement has been sprung, without opportunity for
investigation, and rushed through both branches of
the General Assembly, is sufficient for its condem-
nation. Measures like these mean simply ultimate
bankruptcy and repudiation. There is a point of
debt beyond which it will be impossible to recuper-
ate. To exhaust all of a people's resources by add-
ing to the public debt, appropriating under the
pressure of 'rings' millions of the public money,
and laying a taxation which amounts to practical
confiscation, can have but one end. The difficulty
is that those who have the power have no interests
at stake save their own self-aggrandizement. They
owe no allegiance to the public opinion, are irre-
sponsible for the public burdens created by them-
selves.
" The other measure is what is termed tho * sterling
funded debt.' The idea is to cancel the present debt
by a new foreign loan. To this we are opposed. Its
whole appearance is that of another ' huge job.' Let
us first find out exactly what the amount of the pres-
ent State indebtedness is, when, and for what issued,
for what pledged, and by whose authority, and what
has become of the money, before we provide for a
new loan either for its funding or redemption."
I read a letter of B. F. Perry, a man well
known in the State of South Carolina, the first
provisional governor of the State, a Union
man, I believe, addressed to Governor Scott:
"Tho incendiary destruction of property every
night, and the roguery of the Legislature in thoir
appropriations and taxation, amounting ultimately
to confiscation of all real and personal estate, can-
not be borne much longer. There is a point beyond
which human endurance cannot go, let the conse-
quences be what they may. I know it is not in your
power to reform the Legislature, or stay effectually
their corruption, bribery, prodigality, and roguery.
But there are two things which you can do. and
should do, the sooner the better • disarm your mili-
tia, and appoint good and intelligent men to office.
All the lawlessness and violence which have dis-
graced the State have been owing to these two
sources of mischief. Never was there a more fatal
mistake or a more diabolical wrong committed than
when you organized colored troops throughout the
State, and put arms into their hands, with powder
and ball, and denied the same to the white people.
It was atrocious. Tho bloody tragedy of Laurens 1
was owing to this, and nothing else. The murder
of Stevens and other white men at Union by one of
your negro companies, and the subsequent execu-
tion of ten colored prisoners, was owing to the same
cause. The fearful killing and murder of a number
of men_ at Chester was likewise owing to your col-
ored militia. The violence and lawlessness at York-
ville originated in one of your worthless appoint-
ments."
Now, sir, I will read an extract from a Repub-
lican paper printed in Cincinnati, the Gazette,
a paper known for its Radicalism ; and it will
be seen from this extract that the true cause
of these disorders is begiuning to penetrate
even into the State of the Senator from 0:iio,
that he is behind his people in a knowledge of
what is the true cause of these outrages. The
Cincinnati Gazette of recent date says, speak-
ing of reconstruction:
"The general idea was that tliefreedmen would
be tractable to the leadership of those they knew
to be their friends, and thus that the result in tho
local governments of the South would be a govern-
ment of the white Unionists with a faithful black
constituency."
They did not pretend, it seems from this, that
the blacks had any capacity or intelligence for
government, but only that they would be v ,ider
the leadership of intelligent white Unioiuats !
" South Carolina.—When the Republicans determ-
ined that one of tho results of the war for slavery
should be the conferring of equal political rights on
the southern blacks, we suppose that none of them
imagined that the southern blacks were capable of
assuming the control of government, or expected or
desired that they should take into their hands the
government of any of the southern States. No ra-
tional white man supposes that even the white race,
held for generations in slavery, would be fit to take
control of government immediately upon emancipa-
tion. Yet the whites in a state of freedom have
demonstrated a capacity for maintaining a govern-
ment of liberty and law, which so far in tiie world's
history the blacks in a state of freedom have not.
But in this case we are discussing that which would
have disqualified the white race, and therefore, in
this connection, we are not drawing any conclusions
from the different capacities of the white and black
races.
" The general idea was that the freedmen would
be tractable to the leadership of those they knew to
be their friends, and thus that the result in the local
governments of the South would be a government
of the white Unionists with a faithful black constit-
uency. The same idea was conveyed in the expres-
sion current at the time that the 4 blacks are intelli-
gent enough to know who are their friends,' their
friends being the Republicans and their enemies
their old ownersand the secessionists. Intelligence
and purity in the white loaders and humble grati-
tude in the black voters were to constitute a govern-
mental capacity fit for equal membership m this
nation.
"Theoretically there was no flaw in this calcula-
tion. 13 at the premises require purity of motive in
the white leaders and counselors of the blacks. Un-
fortunately, not all the whites are pure and unself-
ish. In geneial it is found that in proportion aswe
offer inducements to dishonesty it will increase, and
that the best help to virtue is to make honesty the
best policy. An ignorant voting man, credulous to
representations from whites of the party known as
their friends and je-ilous of the class of their foimer
owners, was a most ductile material for the opera-
tions of white adventurers anddemagogues. It has
brought to the surface and to places of trust and
power persons who could have never risen in any
wholesome state of society, and who as a class, with
but a few exceptions, have contributed to destroy
all the fair promise of a political reconstruction of
the South, as well as to dissipate all the elements of
Republican strength, and to bring the Republican
name into disrepute.
"The State of South Carolina gives an example
of the woi king of these elements. That State, how-
ever. has the exceptional condition that the blacks
are in the majority, and that they themselves take
the reins of power, except so far as they find it con-
venient to allow the whitestohaveplaces; or rather
the white loaders there find it necessary to let the
blacks take the larger share of power. Consequently
they have a black Legislature, which has made the
government a mockery. Governor Scott, a northern
adventurer, who has thriven by playing upon the
blacks' prejudices and hostilities and by pander-
ing to their ignorant extravagances, has at length
found that the monstcrwhich he has helped to raise
has become too strong for him and too confident in
its strength to allow him to keep the lead' and in
the working of these conditions he has found him-
self partly in antagonism to the black Legislature,
concerning: which he has giT. en some information to
an interviewing correspondent.
"The incidents he relates will give some insight
into the character ot the body winch now controls
the administration of law and in a great degree the
value of property in that State. Aud from this it
will perhaps be inferred that much more might be
told by fhojvft whose political fortunes have not been
