124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[April
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
so linked with the elements of this Legislature. Gov-
ernor Scott states that northern adventurers and
their black supporters have taken possession of
political power in the State, and that between these
and the land-holders and people of intelligence there
is a bitter hostility. This tells the whole story. It
shows a condition in which there can bono peace,
andastatcofthe most grinding oppression. Wegive
the statement as it was set down by the reporter
Now we have Governor Scott's description:
"First we have the respectable white population,
vrho carried South Carolina out of the Union, and
fought to keep her out. Th# n we have a portion of
those from the North who fought to get her back
again. Those two classes are antagonistic from prin-
ciple, although in time they might be brought to
regard each other with a friendly feeling. Then wo
have the worst class of all, the northern adven-
turers, who came here solely to make money out of
these people's misfortunes. I regret to say that this
class are numerous, and, by the aid of another class
still more numerous, they have pushed themselves
into the control of political affairs, and are, doubt-
less, working great evil to the State. Between these
people and their negro supporters and the southern
people of intelligenco there can be no other feeling
than that of intense hatred, and it is mainly through
that condition of things that these Ku Klux out-
rages are being perpetrated."
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask who is the author of that statement?
Mr. BLAIR. Governor Scott, Governor of
the Stale of South Carolina by the grace of
God and the bayonet. [Laughter.]
" The common fame of the South Carolina Legis-
lature
This is from the Cincinnati Gazette, one of
the organs of the party of the Senator from
Ohio; and I hope, if he will not listen to my
instruction, he will take kindly to that of his
own party organs—
"The common famo of the South Carolina Legis-
latuie is that it is a body in which no measuro can
be carried without bribery, and in which bribery can
carry any measure; in which bribery is ay much a
part of legislation «8 the payment of wages to a field-
hand is <>f raising cotton, and is almost as open, and
in which the greater part of tho members regard it
as tho privilege of the oflico to plunder tho Stato in
wverv possible w y.
'* Governor Scott gives some items going: to coun-
tenance this impression, lie s.iys that the appro-
priations 1'or the legislative oxpenses of the lastsos-
Kion wore #100,01)0, while that of the Ohio Legislature
was but $1)0,000; that every senator has his clork.
page, and messenger. all at heavy pay, and besidos
thcro i.s a horde of hangers-on, all on pay under
various pretexts, and that there are innumerable
lenks for tho public money, in this wo behold tho
Korgooiwnesaof tho African nature when it can bo
indulged at tho expense of others, and the avidity
of the political adventurer who knows that bis hay-
making sunshine will bo short.
"This will give a glimpse of tho elements that
have multiplied tho Slate debt, with nothing to
show for it; of tho conditions which make the prop-
erty-holders believe that tho taxes cxacted from them
are robbery; of a rule odious to all tho respectable
inhabitants of the State, and of conditions which
excite both whito and black inhabitants to deadly
hostility. These are some of tho features of the
southern situation which have constrained us to
remark that Congress shouldnotonly provide moans
for suppre-sing violence in tho late rebel States, but
should make a thorough and impartial inquiry into
the situation, in order to iiud the real cause of these
disorders."
That, sir, is the fruit of your reconstruction
as portrayed by one of the organs of your
party, and one of the most thorough-going
and Radical organs too. The other Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Tiwhman,] I suppose anxious
to instruct his colleague, has handed me a
photograph of this Legislature of South Caro-
lina. Sixty-three members compose the re-
constructed Legislature of South Carolina, fifty
of whom are negroes or raulattoes and thirteen
whites. Twenty-two can read and write. The
remainder, forty-one, make their mark by the
aid of amanuenses. Nineteen are tax-payers to
an aggregate amount of $142 10. The rest,
forty-four, pay no taxes; and the body levies
on the white peeple of the State $4,000,000. I
will take great pleasure in presenting this [hold-
ing up and offering the photograph] to the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] if he will
deign to accept of it. 1 read in the newspapers
the other day a paragraph which showed the
extraordinary excitement now existing in the
State ot South Carolina, and the means taken
to arrest this profligacy by which the State
has been robbed of many millions. It has
been found necessary by the Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of Charleston to call a meet-
ing and pass resolutions to the following
effect:
"Whereas, under the operations of the present
State government, the majority of the property-
holders and tax-payers of the State, from whom
the public revenue is mainly derived, are excluded
from any power in the legislation of the Stato, and
from any practical influence in the imposition of
taxes; ana whereas tho moneys raised by taxation
are improvidently and corruptly used and expended
by persons who hold office under the State govern-
ment, and the sums appropriated for alleged pub-
lic uses are excessive and extravagant; and whereas
the credit of the State has been pledged illegally,
and it is now proposed to pledge the credit of the
State for further loans by a new issue of bonds, which
may be negotiated in the market to persons who may
take them, in ignorance of tho circumstances under
which they are issued; Therefore,
"liesolved., That we, property-holders and tax-
payers of the State residing in the city of Charles-
ton, do hereby deem it our duty to declare that the
bonds heretofore issued without legal sanction, or
the so-called sterling loan, or any other bonds here-
tofore issued without legal sanction, and the so-
called sterling loan, or any other bonds or obliga-
tions hereatter issued, purporting to be under and
by virtue of the authority of the present Stale gov-
ernment, will not be held binding on us, and that
we shall, in every manner and at all times, resist the
payment thereof, or the enforcement of any tax to
pay the same, by all legitimate means within our
power.
"Resolved, That we deem it our duty to warn all
persons not to recoive, by way of purchase, loan, or
otherwise, any bond or obligation hereafter issued,
purported to bind the property or pledge tho credit
of tho Stato, and that all such bonds or obligations
will be held by us to be null and void, as havmgbeen
issued in derogation of the rights of that portion of
tho people ot this Stato upon whom the public
burdens are made to rest,"
Another resolution calls on the tax-payers
throughout the State to meet in convention to
resist the payment of these taxes thus illegally
levied upon them and extorted to feed the vices
of the most corrupt party that ever existed
anywhere.
Now, sir, I have a private letter written to
me by a gentleman of South Carolina which I
will ask the Secretary to read. It gives a
description of the condition of society there
which every man who loves his country ought
to know, and I vouch for the gentleman who
writes the letter.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Blufton, S. C., March 15, 1871.
Senator Blair, Waalungton, D. 0.:
* * *
The recent disorders in the South are undoubt-
edly of a serious nature, and havo a still more ser-
ious tendency. Tho " clan " or organization, whieh
has undertaken to redress the evils under which t<he
South suffers, is doubtless a substantial and real
combination, having a deep and wide-spread exist-
ence. It is tho offspring of oppression and usurpa-
tion, of the unmistakable effort of the ruling
party now dominating over tho people of this
whole country without scruple or limit, to deject
civilized socicty at the South and to institute m its
stead barbarous hordes of another race united with
wretched and rapacious adventurers, who have
come hither to spoliate.
The result of Radical "reconstruction" stands
confessed by the very instruments of wrong and
shame which have been imposed on us. The law-
making rabble in the chamber of State openly and
unblushingly accuse each other of corruption and
shameless dishonesty such as no civilized State can
endure and exist. The meanest and most debasing
motives are habitually invoked; while the most
atrocious and diabolical instigations are urged
among a race who are ignorant, superstitious, un-
scrupulous. barbarous, and barely free from the
shackles of slavery, its hate, its cunning, itsduplic-
ity, and treachery lurking still at the heart. The
condition of things is far more tearful than what
transpires in the prints. Efc is impossible to give
proper expression to the negro scowl which we face
at every round of life and the scoundrel adventurers
who poison the very air we breathe. There are
many good and upright northern men dwelling with
us who loathe this hateful condition as well as we.
Not a family m the whole South buthasthishorrible
nightmare of civilization clasped around its breast
and smothering its energies, l^rom early morning
to the small hours of night this is the theme, the
constant theme of conversation. In peaceful and
unoffending communities of whites too feeble to in-
jure if they would, hideous howls at two or three
o clock m the morning ring through our chambers
and snarp reports of musketry startle our trembling
children from their slumbers to tho arms of their
distressed mothers. This is no exceptional thing.
And all for no cause possibly conceivable but ths
brutal spirit of barbarous bravado.
This same feeling of barbarous hate and distrust
finds itself expressed in all the agricultural opera-
tions of the South. No planter undertakes to make
thesimplest and plainest agreement with an oper-
ative, but every word and item of the agreement he *
proposes is first submitted to some colored caucuT-
or "ring/1 under the advisement of officious, self-
seeking adventurers who, without scruple and with
ignorant presumption or malignant misrepresent-
ation, pass the terms of agreement in review and
strive to show the laborer and his fellows how they
are being " taken in," even when the terms proceed
from the colored laborers themselves or are scru-
pulously fair and upright. So, too, not a word, ges-
ture, or look transpires in our households but finds
audienceat these " rings." Thus our lives are spent
under constant espionage, mischievous misrepre-
sentation, impudent intermeddling, and vicious in-
terference. This cordon of clubs, composed of upstart
blacks, swindling and traducing traders, or ready-
made philosophers and politicians, sits at every
man's gate, watching his ingoing and outgoing from
morn to night, Irom day to day, from month to
month, from year to year—the most hateful, hound-
ing espionage that ever dogged the steps of a free-
man or cursed tho homo of a free-born citizen.
These scoundrels who cheat all they can out of the
"man and brother" mend matters with him by
awakening in his bosom the keenest animosities
against the white employers who are represented as
an overreaching and exacting class notwithstanding
tho plain fact of their moneyed embarrassments.
Thus theft is promoted as a righteous reprisal and
unreasonable wages asked for a day's work, which
is often with us expressed by not over-diligent work,
completed at nine or ten o'clock in the morning.
The double purpose is however served by turning
aside scrutiny from the villainous gains of rapacious
traders and securing at the same time a large and
profitable traffic in stolen commodities knowingly
so bought.
The same vicious round is performed in public
affairs. Public rabbles interfere and undertako to
dispcrso public meetings not to their liking or that
of their leaders ; and this among Republicans no less
than outsiders. Voters are kept under the most
potent intimidation. Threats even have been made
that no whito men would be allowed to vote. These
threats havo been serious enough to becomo subjects
of open animadversion by more discreet leaders
when inlormed of the determination of the whites to
vote or perish at the polls. The ballot-box has be-
come the veriest cheat and delusion in the hands of
manipulatingcommissioners, who stuff them to order *
and change the votes conscientiously in their own >-
behalf. The whole legislation of the State is a grand
scheme for peculations and class legislation in the
hands ot untaxpaymg law-makers or speculating
politicians. The tax-payers of the State, therefore,
devoidofany semblance of representation,are ground
to the dust by enormous expenditures which only
transpire in tho vulgar display of ill-gotten wealth
by those who have not the common decency, pru-
dence, or self-control to hide for a time their freshly
gathered spoils.
Very naturally, under such circumstances, the
whites and blacks of the South out of the swin-
dling "ring" aropoverty stricken. Tho products of
the South, notwithstanding all this, a're amazing.
But let no man be deceived by them. Our threo
hundred millions of exports is an aggregated and
aggravated expression of care, cost, constant pres-
sure, patience, providence, risk, and wrangling,
which turns to ashes in our grasp and makes a
thoughtlul man shudder as he counts it over and
recounts the hellish wrestling with adverse circum-
stances and almost insurmountable obstacles en-
countered in the production and protection from the
incendiary's torch.
The whites of the South are appalled by the over-
whelming misrule hedging them round on every
side.
It is to achieve all this that hired bands of cut-
throats have been actually imported to bully and
murder our people. It is to achieve this that the col-
ored population has been freely and openly told to
seize or burn the property of proprietors according
to the wishes or wants of the occasion. It is to
achieve the same that a colored militia is furnished
with arms, persistently refused the whites, and offi-
cered by malignant, hateful, mischievous instigators
of disorder.
There is no appeal to the courts of justice, so
called, for they are in the hauds of the same un-
scrupulous class, who hound down judges who dare
to be other than partisans. It is in these courts,
these very courts, that colored jurors who can neither
read nor write, and who are sworn subjects of negro
leagues, give partisan verdicts according to class and
color.
The constabulary instituted became such a crying
nuisance that it was even dismissed by the wretched
and shameless government appointing it.
We have then no courts of justice, no police, n«
protection of property, no security of life, none of
the safeguards of civilization other than such as
society retains from habit and enforces by its own
unboughten power.
Is it strange thatwith this sea of corruption, filth,
and folly, threatening to ingulf us and our children
forever, with the incendiary's torch at every thresh-
old, the burglar's tread heavy on our stairs, the mur-
derous militia" cursing at every " crossing" once
