1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
, or twice a week, and threatening its vengeance
against the "top rail"—is it strange that we should
see the result before us?
Let me ask you, what in the name of God and
humanity are a people to do thus situated? Is not
death far preferable to the continuance of such a
state of things? Will men who have borne arms
•endure it? Will not the sheer principle of self-
preservation drive them to take up arms rather than
endure this procrastinated torture, this hissinginsult
to the teeth, this legalized conspiracy against life,
property, peace, and civilization ?
Senator 1 this means a renewal of the war, at any
cost, at any risk, horrible as it seems, tearing as it
will our helpless children from the mother's breast,
and smiting the more than unhappy mothers with
wiong and shame that curdles the blood. For all
this, with the continuation of the " reconstruction"
policy it must come. In the language of Henry, it
can be no worse for us. Every good man must look
upon such an event with horror. The policy of pro-
scription and distrust or hate has been pushed to the
bitter end, and the result is plainly before us. The
South is too wretched and too unhappy to be trifled
with. She has been hounded to the edge of despair.
Armed interference to any extentcan do no possible
good; it will push the South into flagrant war.
Packing the juries for the trial of our people by act
of Congress will certainly add nothing to its sanctity,
and will have to be enforced at the point of the
bayonet. Why should this be?
The Radical policy has been tried for five bitter
years of proscription. It stands condemned by its
own renewed demands for increased penalties and
pains. So it will go on, from bad to woise, until the
unnappy people of both sections are once more
pushed into hostilities, and a war inaugurated such
as eye has not seen or ear heard.
Wc are weary of this condition of unrest and dan-
gerous dubiousness. Why should not the people of
the United States rise to the demands of the awful
emergency, resume their rights, and restore order?
"We are perfectly willing to trust the people of the
North. Let them trust us. Try the policy of cour-
age 1 The northern people are strong enough to do
it, and I believe, I must believe, they are brave
enough to do it. Try the policy of courage and we
will have peace and security in the twinkling of an
eye. There can be no peace without security, there
can be no security without peace.
It is so much the interest of the South to have
peace that I cannot conceive it she be bravely trusted
with the ordering of her own hou -.ehold and her duly
elected representatives received without stint or
qualification but that she would put down violence
with her whole might and with her very best men at
the fore.
As itis, I fear that" fighting the devil with fire"is
the recognized policy, it nothing more. Is there no
honor, no true glory in the statesmanship which sub-
stitutes a wise forecast for the bayonet and saves by
a judicious and tempered policy the country, the
people, and the age from a fearful tragedy which
may make us all curse the day on which we .were
born? W hy should these vagabonds spit in our faces
and then call upon men of our own race to defend
them ? I am satisfied that if the United States Gov-
ernment will only let it be understood that this col-
ored " militia''who have the arms must defend them-
selves, the whole matter will reach a speedy solution.
It may be, it doubtless will be, a source of suffering
to some helpless communities of whites. This can-
not be helped. The question may as well be met at
once and settled for once and forever.
With no design of intruding myself upon your
attention, but with the natural interest I feel in this
matter as a husband, a father, and a citizen, I have
endeavored to group, in a few frank, truthful words,
the condition of things around me, not with the hope
of enlightening your better understanding, but of
putting you more faiily alongside of the situation
than one at a distance and not fully at home with
our people can readily reach.
I am, sir, with great respect and consideration,
your fellow-citizen,  .
Mr. SHERMAN. As my friend is instruct-
ing me, I should like to ask instruction of him
ou one point. The information is not new to
me that the Legislature of South Carolina and
of some of the other States have certainly
behaved very badly. I have not one word of
defense to say in regard to their conductj but
what I wish to get at is this: what remedy does
tny honorable friend from Missouri propose ?
Does he propose to take from the negroes the
suffrage which has been conferred upon them
by the constitutional amendment, or does he
simply propose to give it to all ? I believe all
the people of the State of South Carolina now
have the right to vote. What is his remedy
for a condition of affairs such as he depicts?
Mr. BLAIR. I had the honor the other
day, if the Senator -will allow me to make
my speech in my own way, to state to the
Senate the remedy that I proposed. The
remedy was to restore self-government to the
people of the South, and the Senator from
Ohio scouted the idea. "What," said he,
u shall these States be restored to the old rebel
element?" I recalled to his recollection at the
time that that was not my statement. He
said no; it was his inference from my state-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a legislative body,
and if my friend from Missouri will tell me
what remedy he proposes for this previous
improper and corrupt legislation in South
Carolina, I should like to know it. If it is
to deprive the blacks of the right to vote, let
us understand that. If it is to proclaim uni-
versal amnesty, I shall probably agree to it to
that extent. If it is to take away from the
negroes who are now ignorant the right to
vote, then we shall have a question upon which
we can debate here; but until he can point out
some remedy, it seems to me he has no right to
bring that subject into this debate.
Mr. BLAIR. I have a right to arraign this
party for destroying the vital principle of repub-
lican government, and I do arraign them for it.
They have struck down local self-government
throughout the South.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow me
again, if I understand it, the trouble is they
have too much local self-government; that is,
that their own people, ignorant and debased
by ages of slavery, all have a right to vote,
white and black.
Mr. BLAIR. The intelligent have not the
right.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes, all have the right
to vote.
Mr. BLATR. They have not.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 understand that all have
a right to vote.
Mr. BLAIR. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I am mistaken.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me, he is certainly mistaken
with regard to South Carolina, for there all
are entitled to vote, every man above the age
of twenty-one years.
Mr. BLAIR. And a good many under it,
I understand. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. Every man twenty-one
years of age and upward has a right to vote in
South Carolina; and if the Senator will indulge
me a moment further, there are probably not
twenty-five hundred of the people of South
Carolina who are ineligible to hold office under
the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. How many?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly not over twenty-
five hundred in the whole State, and there are
at least sixty thousand white voters.
Mr. BLAIR. Every man who ever held an
office in the State, and took an oath to sup-
port the Constitution prior to the rebellion, is
#*V<" llK?pd
Mr. SAWYER. Precisely.
Mr. BLAIR. They number more than twenty -
five hundred.
Mr. SAWYER. Not a particle over it.
Mr. BLAIR. I think the gentleman is sadly
mistaken. Every man who was a simple justice
of the peace is excluded.
But I do not mean to be drawn by the inter-
ruption of Senators from the point that I was
making. The remedy that I propose is the
restoration of the principle of local self-gov-
ernment, and gentlemen cannot escape from
it. Even if the people have the right to vote,
if they have no right to vote for men who are
sufficiently intelligent or honest to carry on the
government of the State there is no local self-
government. The Senator from South Carolina
describes in his speech, which I have done
myself the honor to read, the character of the
men who alone are eligible to office in the State
of South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator pardon
me for one word ? I do not wish to interrupt
him if it will disturb him.
Mr. BLAIR. I have read what the gen-
tleman said. I cannot misrepresent him on
this floor, because I have given his own lan-
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly; but if the Sen-
ator will pardon me one moment 
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not pretend to say
in the remarks which I had the honor to sub-
mit to the Senate that there were no more peo-
ple in the State of South Carolina who were
eligible to public ofijee on account of the laws
of the United States, than those from whom
we, as Republicans, were obliged to select;
but that the position of the Democratic party
in the South, and especially in South Caro-
lina, was such that there were no considerable
number of them who would accept the proffers
of office ; that large numbers of the rank and
file of the Democratic party in South Carolina
were deterred by the attitude of the Democratic
party of the North, and by the utterances of
the distinguished Senator himself in the famous
Brodhead letter, from taking any part in the
act of reconstruction. It was not a law which
prevented them, but it was a sentiment 
Mr. BLAIR. A principle.
Mr. SAWYER. A sentiment.
Mr. BLAIR. A principle.
Mr. SAWYER. Which was inculcated by
the Democratic party of the North.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, it shows that the
Democratic party in South Carolina and else-
where prefer principle to the loaves and fishes;
that they prefer to stand by the principle of
self-government, to denounce those who have
destroyed the vital principle of our Govern-
ment, and to arraign them rather than to share
thei  plunder; and I honor them for it. I ask
the distinguished Senator from South Carolina
(for he is distinguished among the Senators who
come from the southern States now, what is
the use of suffrage in South Carolina, when all
the suffrage in the State may be reversed by
the action of the Governor of the State, when
the Governor has the power, and exercises it,
to appoint all those who are to take charge of
the election, and every facility is given to stuff
the ballot-boxe3 or to destroy the ballots, or
to change them from one candidate to the
other ; every possible facility that seerecy and
seclusion and length of time can offer? Why,
sir, it is an invitation to do it; and South Car-
olina does not stand alone in the infamy of
that law, but it has been copied throughout
the South. It has made suffrage a mockery.
The State of Louisiana has similar laws, and
at the very last election that was held there
twenty-three hundred men were stricken off
on the Saturday preceding the election by the
supervisor of registration, or whatever his title
may be, in the city of New Orleans, and the
ballot-boxes kept in his custody for a week
before the result of the election was announced.
Mr. WEST. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. WEST. I do not know where the Sen-
ator from Missouri gets his facts from in rela-
tion to twenty-three hundred being stricken
off; but I happened to be there, and the num-
ber was something like one hundred and fifty.
When he asserts that the ballot-boxes were in
the custody of the supervisors of election, I say
they were in that custody in a public place,
where everybody had access to them, and to
observe the counting. There was a fair and
equitable counting of all the votes, and his
friends, the members of his party, had as much
of an opportunity as anybody else to scrutinize
that count.
Mr. BLAIR. I differ entirely in my belief
aboutthat from what the gentleman has stated.
1 have no doubt he thinks he gives the iacts in
the case, but I have it from authority that I
have uo sort of question about, and were the
