126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April
Senate.
Kio Klux Oraanization—Mr. Blair.
42d Cosg....1st Sess.
other Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg]
present I would ask hira to confirm what I say,
as he told me that, in express words, in the
language which I have used. I have it from
other sources ; and the gentleman must be
suffering under some delusion in regard to it.
This thing of giving a whole week in which to
count the ballots of a city, when it could be
done in as many hours, was not done for the
purpose of making an honest count. The
counting is done throughout the United States
in a presidential election, or any important
election on the same night. Such a law has
the badge of fraud upon it. It was intended
to give the opportunity of manipulation, and
nobody who knows the men who manipulated
the ballots in New Orleans will fail to give
tlieni the credit of doing all that was expected
of them by their best friends.
Now, sir, I must give you some samples
of this government in Louisiana. It would
not do to omit that State. I have here an
authentic expose of the debt of Louisiana given
by the officer who has charge of that subject,
the auditor of the State of Louisiana. It loots
tH> $40,000,000 of debt. It is a long statement
showing that the debt of Louisiana to-day is
upwaiti of forty million dollars, although there
is a limitation in the constitution forbidding
debt to be incurred beyond $25,000,000. The
bulk of this debt, all except seven or eight
millions, lias been contracted since the war,
as shown by this statement. In addition to
that, the debt has been contracted by giving
subsidies outright, to railroad companies to the
tune of two and three and four millions, with-
out exacting any liens upon the roads, or with-
out oven a due'bill, given upon condition that
the roads would be constructed.  
Mr. WEST. If the Senator from Missouri
will allow me, the debt to which he refers is
not only the positive debt of the State, but it
is the contingent, liability of indorsements upon
second mortgage bonds of railroad companies,
which, m the event of their maturity und not
being paid by the railroad companies, the Stale
will become responsible for. Although that
statement is made apparently under the author-
ity of the Slate auditor, it is done for the pur-
pose of restraining any further issue of bonds.
1 will say, in reference to the Senator's state-
ment of the augmentation of the Stato debt
under .Republican administration, that the debt
of the Stato of' Louisiana was about eight mil
lion dollars at the close of the war. We were
then I'avnred, under the reconstruction policy
of Mr. Johnson, with a Democratic Legisla-
ture, which spent more money in its short term
than either of our two succeeding Republican
Legislatures, and they have assisted us in aug-
menting the debt. Furthermore, the Repub-
lican Legislature of Louisiana, at the session
of 18i<0-70, by a unanimous vote, submitted to
the people for their ratification a constitutional
provision limiting the debt, as the Senator
states, to $25,000,000. That question was sub-
mitted to the people of Louisiana, and the
.Democratic party, as a part of their platform,
submitted an opposition to that and wore un-
willing to limit it. They were unwilling to
restrict the debt of Louisiana to $25,000,000,
and the Republican party were in favor of it.
I will say to the gentleman further, that when
the Republican party attained power in Louisi-
ana the bonds of the Slate were worth thirty-
five cents on the dollar, and 1 refer him to
the current quotations of the debt now. They
are worth from seventy to seventy-five cents.
Mr. BLAIR. I suppose the Democratic
party, as the Senator says, may have opposed
it, knowing that even if the amendment was
adopted and the limitation placed in the con-
stitution it would be disregarded by the Re-
publican government there; and that seems
to have been the fact of the business.
Now, sir, the Senator Bays some of this is
accruing debt. I admit it; and I have in my
hand some testimony given by the Governor
in a recent case which shows how this debt has
accrued. It seems that a law was passed
changing some of these liabilities which were
to accrue and had accrued from warrants into
the shape of bonds, and the Governor was one
of a committee with others, one of the liquid-
ators, as they were called, of the warrants, one
of those who was authorized to make this
exchange of warrants into bonds of the State.
I have here his own evidence as to how this
liquidation went forward; the Governor's tes-
timony taken by his own consent, "affidavit
waived," and repotted in his own newspaper:
"Isigned the funding bill No. 43. of the session
of 187J. at half paat ten o'clock on Saturday, the
4th of March, tit the Governor's office: it was sisnod
in presence of Judge Dibblo and my secretary. I
saw the bill in tho ourollmorit committee-room of
the snnato on tho 3d ot' March, 1871; read it over
with one of the clerks: compared it with tho ori-
ginal bill. X requested the cierk to sond it to the
speakor and Lieutenant Governor to bo signed, and
when they hod signed it to bring it to mo: thev sent
immediately for tho chairman of the enrollment
commit,tee for that purpose. It was brought to my
office tho next morniug, signed by the Lieutenant
Governor, and with the original bill. The speaker
had notsigned il. X told theehairinan ot thecnroll-
ment committee tie would have to get tho spcakor
to sign it. My seoretary and self rend the two bills
together, and I sent the original bill back to tho
committeo. Tho chairman hunted souiu time for ttie
speaker- not finding him he went after tho speaker
again. 1 remained in my othce until half past one
o'clock. Tlio speaker not coming, I signed tho bill
and gavo it. It, my secretary, with instructions when
Mr. Garter came m to ask hnu to sign tho biii."
He signed tho bill before it was signed by
the speaker of the house.
" On Common stroet I mot tho speaker and asked
him to go and sign tho bill; he wont around to tho
capitol and signed tho bill; that was about two
o'clock: on Monday my seerotary sont tho bill to
tho secretary of State, without putting tho date of
my signature on it, which, when i ascertained, I
sent for tho bill and had tho date affixed; am a
member of the board of liquidators; on the morning
of tho 4th of March, about nino o'clock, I called
at the Citizens' JJauk and told Mr. Gaines that tlio
bill would bo brought to mo that morning; thatl
should sign it; 1 gave him then a number of war-
rantH, with a listol them, and lold him then that as
soon as the bill ciwno to mo 1 would send him a copy
of it; that I desired those warrants exchanged for
bond*, according to law; ho had also some warrants
that ho had received, and I told htm to exchange
the bonds for all he had received, together with
those 1 had received; soon as tho bill came to me T
had a copy of it made and sont to him; 1 handed it
to him, (Mr. Uainos,)at tho siuiio time giving htm
the dates, nmnbors, and amounts of tho warrants
held by Hernandez, and told him to exchange them
for bonds."
Then he goes on to give a list of names of
persons to whom these bonds belonged, and
among others names himself as being the owner
of $17,000, and he liquidated his own bonds,
rofusing, as he says in his own testimony, to
liquidate those of Smith, who had applied to
him early to change his warrants. He pre-
ferred to liquidate his own, being himself one
of the liquidators. That is the way the accru-
ing debt, to which the gentleman alluded, is
being managed. Most of it is accruing, as any
one may see by reading the list of names given
to the Governor and a ring of his own. The
suit was instituted to compel the liquidators to
liquidate some other bonds than those which
belonged to the ring.
I cannot dwell for any great length of time
upon any of these States. If I were to do so,
I should consume too much of the valuable
time of the Senate. 1 only attempt to show
that this business of reconstruction works pre-
cisely the same way everywhere $ that the great
exaggeration of the public debt is the first
symptom ; then the plunder by the State offi-
cials, until the overburdened people are com-
pelled, as they are now in New Orleans, to
hold meetings to compel the Governor to stop
issuing any other debt beyond the limitation
imposed by the constitution.
1 quote from the Commercial Bulletin, of
New Orleans, an account of the measures
deemed necessary by the people to put a stop
to the plunder with which they and their sub- ^
stance have been consumed :
"Talk on 'Change.—Six millions have been ex-
pended by the board of administrators of the city
since the 4th of April last, when they entered office
by the grace of Wartuoth.
" Six millions from a city of not quite two hundred
thousand people in less than a year !
" Over thirty dollars upon each man, woman, and
child!
" Supposing every family to consist of four persons,
three dependent upon the labors of one, a tax of
$120 upon each head of a family for city government
alone in less than a year 1
"And for what?
44 Not a single public improvement has been made,
not a street has been paved, not a public ground
ombellished or bettered. One hundred and sixty
thousand dollars was collected to improve the city
park. Not a cent has been spent upon it. It is ttill
a swampy pasturago for cows, goats, and mules.
One hundred and sixty thousand dollars more will
bo collected for the *ame purpose this year. .Tho
wharves had to be fixed, but no money was paid tor
fixing them. Four hundred thousand dollars of
bonds were issued to pay for that. Four hundred
thousand dollars was added to the debt of the city
for repairing wharves during eleven months in
which $6,1)00,000 were expended.
"Expended? Not so; stolen. Our rulers are
thieves. Thieves rule the State, rule the city, and
tho plunder taken from the people buys the votes
of petty thieves to send a big thiel to the Senate of
the United States.
" Warmoth appointed a person Darned Remick
clerk of tho fourth district court. A thief named
Eniley, who wouldn't divide his plunder, who even
cheated his fellow- thieves, was driven out of cam p as
a defaulter. lie was made to vacate the adminis-
tratorship of commerce. The salary of that admin-
irttratortthip is 60,000 a year. Warmoth takes Mr.
Remick from the clerkship of the fourth district
court, winch is worth from fifteen to twenty thou-
sand dolUrsa your, and makes him administrator
ot commerce, which is worth, according to law, S6.00C
a year. Mr. Itemiok gives up $15,000 a year lor J?0,00C
a year. He is the successor of a thiet. Can anything
be plainer?
"Warmoth's income from these sources it is
impossible to estimate. He has some figure-head
administrator al.su in theimpiovement department.
That can be made worth SoUO.OOO a year.
" How shall we stop this?
"Pay no taxes, not one cent, direct or indirect.
Starve the thieves out of oflieo. No one feeds rats to
keep them about his house. Starve the vermin and
worry them away.
" Where is the use of a man here and there refus-
ing to pay taxes?
"None whatever. The people must unite, and
each citizen must contribute his quota to the public
defense against the thieves. Organizo first by wards,
then by districts, and then form a system for peace-
iul resistance. The cheapest way to get rid of bad
governmout is to stop the supplies. Submission to
tho exactions of such a government is arming an
enemy with a weapon to perpetuate the slavery of
tho victim.
"Don'twait for any great public meeting; such
meetings never amount to anything. They afford
an opportunity for tho escape of gas; that's nil.
What is wanted is effective organization. Bcffin
your ward organization if you hnve no more than a
dozen at the start. Let tho organization cmbruco
all tax-payers, whether upon pioperty, calling, or
income. The object is to stop tax-paying. Organ-
ization can make tax-paying odious, and when the
rats are starved outpeople will be prepared to polico
the city until an honest government can be had
according to the forms of law.
"So let us begin at once to organize anli-tax-
payiug clubs in every ward of the city. Who will
take the lead in this grand movement, this peaceful
resolve to pay no more taxes for State or city pur-
poses until the people are taithfully represented ?
"As we write this we hear of a sale of improved
property this week for $7,000 which two years ago
couldnothavebcenboughtfor$12,000. Will people
keep their arms folded until all is gone ?
" Starvation for the rats 1 Dogs for the rats I Cats
for the rats 1 Kicks for the ratsl To h—11 with the
rats."
Now, sir, I will give you a specimen of the
State of Georgia, which is a State that has under-
gone more reconstruction than any other in the
Union, and hence has been worse plundered.
Mr. WEST. Will the Senator be kind enough
to quote from the documents which he says he
holds in his hand any action on the part of tho
citizens thefe to restrain the Governor from
exceeding the constitutional limit? On the
contrary, in that very article he will find the
Governor applauded for his effort to prevent
the increase of the State debt over the consti-
tutional limit.
Mr. BLAIR. He does not struggle very
hard against increasing it by his own amount
of $17,000.
