128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Senate.
Ku Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
42d Cons....1st Sess.
Mr. AMES. Will the gentleman excuse me
a moment?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. AMES. Was it as severe as the lan-
guage the Senator used against the members
of the Republican party in the State of Mis-
souri?
Mr. BLAIR. Severer than the language I
used against them ?
Mr. AMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know.
Mr. AMES. If the Senator will permit, I
had occasion to look over his speech 
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator has ample op-
Eortunity. He has a seat and a commission
ere. I do not suppose that even his military
commission will exclude him.
Mr. AMES. I apologize to you.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Missouri decline to yield?
Mr. BLAIR. I do for his reading. I want
to make another speech now. I do not care
to make two speeches at the same time.
[Laughter.] The gentleman is mistaken with
regard to the language. 1 was going to read
from him. He says:
"There is another cause for tho lawless deeds
which it is oxpeoted Congress will take tho neces-
sary steps to punish and for the future prevont. It
is the- uncompromising hostility, some say disloy-
alty, to thoOovormncnt which the rebellion has loft
in the hearts of men. Of lliis I think there can
bo no doubt. Hut,red to tile Union, treason, cannot
be whipped out of men. Detents, disastors, and
humiliations are not likely to generate lovo for our
Uovormuent."
Sir, we can learn wisdom from the mouths
of babes and sucklings. There never was a
wiser sentiment than that uttered. It is pro-
foundly wise, if the gentleman would only act
upon it. _ We cannot make these peopla love
us by whipping them, by persecuting them :
"Defeats and disasters and humiliations are not
likely to generate lovo for our Government."
Why give them still further humiliations,
sti 11 further defeats? Why overwhelm them
with still other disasters? Why whip them,
if we cannot- make them love the Government
in that, way? Probably wo can find the gen-
tleman's reasons lower down:
"It is well that tho country should know that
unloN it tiikos sofuo action to prevent tho employ-
ment, wiiinst its friends, of tho forceswhieh wo were
80 many years tu overcoming, this Ohamber will be
ftlli'd with tho same mou and the same tonos whioh
tilled it to the full and overflowing some ten yoars
since.
That would necessitate the removal of the
gentleman himself; and his object seems to
be not ^conciliate these people to the Union,
not to bring them back to the love of the old
Government antl the old flag, but to so treat
them that they cannot come back again into
this Hall and " push him from his stool 1"
Sir, I have a number of letters here iu re-
gard to the condition of affairs in Mississippi
from gentleman well known to the country,
which, without reading, I will, as I have occu-
pied so inueh time, ask leave to incorporate in
my remarks.
I have a few words to say to my distin-
guished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
who did me tho honor to allude to me the
oilier day in bis remarks, and to refer to the
action taken by myself* conjointly with him,
in resistance to the attempt on the part of cer-
tain persons in Kansas to overthrow the right,
of the people of the North to emigrate to that
Territory and make their homes there. I am
not insensible to the compliment conveyed in
his remark when he put me side by si'de with
himself in that struggle. I am too well aware
that his efforts were lar more conspicuous than
my own. At the same time I cannot forbear
to recall to his recollection that we continued
together in our antagonism to that policy and
in antagonism to that Lecompton constitution
which grew out of it; and although the share
that I had in the contest was humble, as com-
pared with that which he bore, yet, in opposi-
tion to the sentiment of the people of my own
State, I contended that the people of Kansas
had a right to frame a constitution for them-
selves, and that Congress had no power to
force upon a reluctant people a constitution
not made by them nor desired by them. When
I look around now and seek for the allies who
were by my side then, when Lecompton con-
stitutions and constitutions ten thousand times
worse are being forced on a reluctant people,
I find that, instead of being by my side, they
are among those who are forcing upon the
people of the South these obnoxious, repug-
nant constitutions, depriving them of self-gov-
ernment, violating all their personal rights.
The Senator described the Ku Klux as the
ghosts of the dead rebels returned to punish
their enemies. These ghosts of the Ku Klux
are made to serve a far different purpose. They
are made to do duty here in the Senate,
and in the other House, and throughout the
country ; and they do not stalk abroad at night
only, but they stalk abroad in daylight, to
frighten the people of the North and make
them vote the Republican ticket. That is the
principal duty which devolves ou these ghosts
of the Ku Klux.
But, sir, I desire to allude to a point made
by the Senator from Ohio, and repeated by
every Senator who has taken the floor on that
side after him, in reference to it. He said :
"Mr. President, there is another remarkable fea-
ture of this whole proceeding, and that is that from
the beginning to tho end in all this extent of terri-
tory no man has ever been convicted or punished
for any of these offenses, not one. Tho only claimed
exception, and that is pointed out by the minority
roport, is where thr'eo or four negroes undertook to
disguise themselves as Ku Klux, wont around mur-
dering nnd robbing other black people; bat they
were not genuine Ivu Klux. They were arrested by
tho authorities, tried, and scut to tho penitontiary,
and are thoro now."
That is the statement made by the Senator
from Ohio and reiterated by every Senator who
has followed hitn iu the debate on that side,
that there have been no convictions of the Ku
Klux. What would be the natural inference
from such a statement as that? The natural
inference would be that they did not commit
the offenses if none of them had been detected
and convicted. But if we examine still fur-
ther, we find t^iat none have been detected and
convicted except some Republicans and ne-
groes. The natural inference under such cir-
cumstances would be that as these outrages
are complained of as grave, and the only con-
victions that have been had turn out to be of
Republicans or negroes being Republicans,
the only persons engaged in this business must
have been negroes or Republicans. I perceive
that this seems to amuse the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to that! That
is very fair logic 1 [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. That would be the natural
inference, would it not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; no doubt of
it! [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. And when you find in addition
to that the fact that the judges and the solicitors
who are engaged in the business of convictions
are all Radicals, one would think they would
uot confine themselves exclusively to convic-
tions of their own frieuds if there were any
other persons engaged in these crimes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course!
Mr. BLAIR. I am glad to see the Senator
from Vermont in such excellent humor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must apologize to my
friend from Missouri by saying that thai is the
only part of his speech in which I really can
concur as a logical deduction! [Laughter.] It
is so good that there is no ground to dispute it 1
Mr. BLAlii. I congratulate the Senator
from Vermont on having recovered his good
temper since the speeches delivered by my
colleague [Mr. Schurz] and the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] the other day.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had it all the time; and
besides their speeches and yours are alto-
gether alike and precisely in the same vein.
Mr. BLAIR. You dome entirely too much
honor. I would accept the compliment if I
did not know that it was overstrained. Now
sir, I will go on. !
The statement which the Senat.or from Ohio
has made and which has been reijterated by all
his friends on this floor is true,. that nobody
has been convicted of the crim^jbf Kukluxing
except Radicals, when all the faachinery for
convicting men of crime in the State of North
Carolina is in the hands of the Radicals them-
selves. In that condition of affairs, instead of
excusing themselves and making an argument
to show that they are not the Ku Klux party,
they come into the Senate and into the House
and they allege that, as an aggravation of the
offenses of the Democracy, none of them are
caught Kukluxing!
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a question ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator has perhaps
forgotten that there is a slight exception to be
made to his remark " that all the machinery is
in the hands of Radicals." It is trifling, to be
sure ; but it might be considered an exception.
I reler to the juries.
Mr. BLAIR. Ah! The gentleman cannot
get out of it in that way. The juries are raised
in North Carolina under the laws of that State
passed by Radicals, summoned by Radical
sheriffs ; and if there happens to be a county
in which a conviction cannot be procured by
reason of the jury, then they have the power
under the law of that State to remove that case
to any other county in the State, and there cer-
tainly must be some county in the State where
the Radicals could procure a conviction, where
they could get a jury. They have the unlim-
ited power upon the suggestion of the solicitor
to remove the case, or the judge can do it upon
his own motion. That is the law. I will turu
to it and read it for the sake of the Senator
from South Carolina, who I am afraid is relaps-
ing a little from his position of the other day.
[Laughter.] It is section two of the North
Carolina law of January 29, 1870, which may
be found at page 42 of the President's mes-
sage of January 17, 1871.
"Sec. 2. That upon motion of a, solicitor of a dis-
trict, it shall be the duty of the judge thereof to re-
move the trial of any person who has been, or who
hereafter may be, indicted in anyoounty in theState
for murder, conspiracy, or violation of an act enti-
tled 'An act making the act of going masked, dis-
guised, or painted, a felony,' ratified the 12til day
of April, A. D. 1869. from the county in which such
offense may^ have been committed to such other
county m his district, or adjoining district, as tho
solicitormay designate; and any judge before whom
such case is pending may, upon his own motion,
make such removal."
_ The solicitor can suggest it, and every soli-
citor in the State is a Radical; or the judge can
upon his own motion remove the case, and
every judge in the State is a Radical; and
there must be some corner of the State where
they can have a sheriff get a jury, where these
convictions can be had.
Mr. POOL. Will the Senator allow me, as
he is speaking of the laws of North Carolina 'f
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir, if you desire to
instruct us on the law, I will consent, of course.
Mr. POOL. The sheriffs iu North Carolina
have not the power of selecting a jury. We
not only let every white man, as we'll as every
colored man, twenty-one years old, vote, but
are all entitled to sit upon the jury, and their
names are put in the boxes and they are drawn
out and juries are made up by the accident of
the drawing. Inregard to removing the causes,
they cannot be removed until after a bill is
