1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
vain.'' But this abominable measure proceeds,
and " if from any cause the State shall fail"—
•what time will constitute that failure, and
who is to be the judge of it. Will it be a year,
a month, a week, a day, an hour, or a minute.
Who shall be the judge? The bill solves the
questions—"it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent, and it shall be his duty." And a violent
and rapacious Executive may and will seize,
ay, foment, a pretext, and as well in an hour
as in a longer time subvert the State govern-
ments and overrun the States, in the language
of the bill, with " the land and naval forces of
the United States or by other means, as he
may deem necessary." And then good night
to all rights, privileges, or immunities, powers
delegated and powers reserved. The will of
the tyrant will be the supreme law. Can you
expect political virtue in the present Executive ?
That principle which actuated the Brutii, a
Camillus, and a Cato, in the Roman republic,
a Timoleon, an Aristides, and an Epami-
nondas among the Greeks, a Washington, a
Franklin, a Jefferson, a Jackson, in America—
these examples will be quoted by a grateful
posterity so long as virtue shall have a name
or liberty a foot of ground to stand upon.
Unlike the tyrant of the hour or the dema-
gogue of the day, these illustrious men need
not the pageantry of power, the glare of pa-
tronage, nor the preeminence of station to
give them prominence. Their heads, like the
mountain pine, are seen above the surround-
ing trees of the forest, and beneath and around
flourish plenty, security, and repose.
I cannot dwell on this section. If I have
brought it more closely to the scrutiny of the
House and the country I have accomplished
my object. To see it is to shudder at its
deformities and hate its vices.
The fifth and last section is a mere saving
as to preexisting acts and prosecutions com-
menced not repugnant to the bill.
And alone remains to be considered—
Sec. 4. Th at whenever in any State or part of a Stato
the unlawful combinations named in the preceding
section of this act shall be organized and armed, and
fco numerous and powerful as to be able by violence
to either overthrow or set at defiance 1 he constituted
authorities of such State, or when the constituted
authorities are in complicity witli or shall connive
at the un1 awful purposes of sucli powerful and
armed combinations; and whenever, by reason of
either or all of the causes aforesaid, the conviction
ot such o{fenders and the pi enervation of the public
safety shall become in sueli district impracticable,
in everysuch case such combination shali be deemed
a rebellion against ttie Government of the United
States, and during the continuance of such rebel-
lion and within the limits of the district which shall
be so under the sway thereof, such limits to be pre-
scribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, when in bis judgment
the public safety shall require it, to suspend the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, and to de-
clare. and enforce, subject to the Rules and Articles
of War and other laws of the United States nowin
force applicable in case of rebellion, martial law,
to the end that such rebellion may be overthrown:
Provided, That the President shall first have made
proclamation, asnow provided by law, commanding
such insurgents to disperse : And provided also. That
the provisions of this section shall not be in force
after the 1st day of June, A. D. 1872.
The House and country will observe that by
section three the Executive is to be the sole
judge when to take military occupation of a
State. The fourth section provides that such
occupation shall be conclusive proof of re-
bellion. The President may intervene on a
pretext, on a breach of the peace, assault and
battery, or, peradventure, a fomented riot; and
instantly, by the operation of this law, that
intervention by the President is held to be of
itself conclusive proof of rebellion, and rebel-
lion so held to exist with all the dire conse-
quences in the train of this bill.
" The ocean into tempest tossed,
To waft a feather or to drown a fly."
And if a presidential election be pending,
and the State be Democratic, all this may occur
just in time to exclude her vote from the Elec-
toral College.
The extent to which the so-called rebellion
shall extend shall not be limited to any pent-
up Utica or left in embarrassing doubt. No,
the whole, the boundless Union shall be its
scope, if party necessity or Republican pro-
tection shall require it, for it is carefully pro-
vided in the same section that the ipse dixit
of the President shall prescribe its limits by
proclamation. Congress has power to declare
war. What c6nstitutional authority has Con-
gress to delegate this power and transfer it to
the Executive ? Any moment this one-man
power may " cry 'havoc,' and let slip the dogs
of war."
I was startled the other day when the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] on
this floor, in measured and sonorous tones
de«lared "there is war now," " we are in the
midst of war." It sounded like the voice of a
Robespierre exulting in the blood of the inno-
cent amid the ruins of liberty in the streets of
Paris. It rang out and echoed in the lobbies
and corridors of the Capitol like the tones
of Cataline to his co-conspirators amid the
violated sanctuaries and crumbling temples of
republican Rome. He had, however, consid-
ered this bill better than I had. He fully
appreciated its sanguinary character. It means
war upon the Constitution and the Union,
war upon the sovereignty of the States, war
upon the liberty of the people, the ballot-box,
the poll book, and the Democratic party,
whenever the chosen arbiter of the impend-
ing destinies of laws, States, and people shall
speak the word or make the sign.
It shall be lawful—
Pursues this section—
for the President of the United States to suspend
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, to declare
martial law, and enforce everywhere he may please
the Rules and Articles of War.
This is boundless power. No tyrant upon
earth has a power more boundless. This is
legislative abdication in favor of executive
despotism, or rather a union of the two co-
ordinate departments in one. Congress alone
can rightfully suspend the privilege of that
writ, and only in time of rebellion or invasion.
Congress cannot devolve it upon the capricious
will of the Executive, to do with as he may
in contingencies, or for any other purpose.
Congress can only rightfully declare war, and
it cannot rightfully transfer that function to
another; and martial law at the will of the
President, as contemplated by this section, is
utterly incompatible with civil and political
liberty. Says the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, in the case of ex parte Milligan:
"The Constitution of the United States Is a law
for rulers and people, equally in war and in peace,
and covers with the shield of its protection all classes
of men, at all times, and under all circumstances.
No doctrine involving more pernicious consequences
was ever invented by the wit of man than that any
of its provisions can be suspended during any of the
great exigencies of Government. Such a doctrine
leads directly to anarchy or despotism, but the
theory of necessity on which it is based is false; for
the Government, within the Constitution, has all
the powers granted to it which are necessary to
preserve its existence."
If the party in power would maintain their
coveted ascendency, (which, I must say, is
beyond hope;) if they would deserve the re-
spect of mankind for wrongs and outrages for-
borne, they should strive to maintain the Con-
stitution as Washington administered it, and
not to subvert it under the false clamor of Ivu
Klux. They should seek to win the confidence
of a great, a brave, a magnanimous people, on
both sides of the late quarrel, and cease to
reward vice and disfranchise virtue. They
should cultivate a proper respect for law in
the people by the example of a proper respect
for law in themselves. The loudest profession
of solicitude for the rights, privileges, and im-
munities of the whole people should not be
attended by the habitual sacrifice of all of
these in every freeman who presumes to differ
with them upon men and measures.
They should make haste to soothe the an-
guish and heal the wounds of a noble, heroic,
and enterprising, though it maybe thought an
erring people, by a spontaneous amnesty as
broad and general as the unchartered air they
breathe. Such acts, at once just and benefi-
cent, would deserve and receive the plaudits
of grateful millions. It would be a proclama-
tion of "peace on earth and good will to men "
fit for a Congress of American statesmen to
make, and fit for a Union of American free-
men to hear.
But reverse the picture. Enact this bill and
send it to the country as the Republican pro-
gramme, reeking as it is with every political
vice and false to every guarantee of the
Constitution, and either the Constitution, the
States,-the people, and the Union must degen-
erate into despotism, or the Republican party
and the Administration sink, to rise no more
forever, beneath the execrations of mankind.
Mr. SHELDON. Mr. Speaker, in consid-
ering the bill which has been reported by the
special committee of which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shbllabakgeb] is chairman,
the question which meets us at the threshold
is the constitutional power of Congress to
enact it into a law. Prom the beginning of
the Government to this day there have b§en
disputes upon some question or other as to
the extent of the powers of the General Gov-
ernment. Complaint on the one hand that the
Government was a " mere rope of sand," and
fear on the other of too much centralization,
the tendency of every Government to increase
its authority, and jealousy of the dignity and
supremacy of the State governments, have
kept the nation in a turmoil of disputations,
without having fixed in the public mind the
point where the authority of the State govern-
ments end and where that of the national Gov-
ernment begins. In consequence of our dual
system it is probable that we shall always have
conflicting opinions on this subject.
My fear of centralization and despotism is
not so great as my apprehension of confusion
and anarchy. The right to live, to own and
possess property, and exercise the civil and
political franchises, arc the dearest interests
of mankind, and it i3 the highest duty of the
Government to provide means to protect and
secure every citizen in the undisturbed enjoy-
ment of these rights. The Government of
the United States was established not merely
to declare the true principles of liberty, but to
provide for their maintenance and perpetua-
tion. It would be gravely defective if it were
not empowered to enforce respect for all the
declared rights of its citizens. The power to
protect ought to correspond with the extent
of the rights conferred. Whether the Gen-
eral Government possesses the powers which
it seems it ought to possess is the question.
Prior to the adoption of the late amendments
the Constitution contained restrictive clauses,
and some that are considerably latitudinous.
The tenth article of amendments may be re-
garded as restrictive, but it leaves open to
discussion the question as to what powexs are
delegated to the Federal Government. So
with the celebrated resolutions of 1798 and
1799. Although proclaimed as well defined
and infallible political tenets, they allowed as
liberal a construction of the powers delegated
by the Constitution as was necessary to sustain
the views of the most ardent centralizationist.
It is fair to presume that the Convention in
framing, and the States in ratifying the Consti-
tution, understood it to embrace the powers to
accomplish all the objects for which it is de-
clared to have been ordained and established,
especially when those objects are consistent
with the largest liberty and the highest security
of the people. Some of those objects were to
" establish justice," "insure domestic tran-
quillity," and "promote the general welfare."
The rights of the citizens have been more
specially defined, if not enlarged, by the late
amendments, and there is certainly conferred
upon Congress the power to enforce them by
legislation. It must be apparent that these
amendments enlarge the power of the Gov-
ernment in controlling the action of the States,
and I believe that it can extend its powers,
