368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
through its courts, in times of peace, directly
to the individual citizen who is deprived of
his rights, privileges, and immunities, whether
through the positive act or the default of the
State authorities.
Section four of article four of the Constitution
imposes upon the United States the positive
obligation, among other things, to protect the
States against invasioa, and, on application of
the Legislature or the Executive, against do-
mestic violence. This has been construed into
a limitation of power. I regard it as an obliga-
tion or duty. It was necessary to impose this
duty, for the State may at times not have any
means to suppress domestic violence, as the
militia may be wholly under the control of the
United States.
It evidently was not contemplated that any
State government would refuse to protect its
citizens or neglect to make the attempt. The
provision obligating the Government to act on
the application of the State was undoubtedly
framed under the pleasing presumption that
the State authorities would act in the best of
faith, and that the application would be made
only when the State governments were unable
to overcome tha resistance to their authority.
Suppose the State governments are indis-
posed to act in the suppression of disorders, or
refuse or neglect to punish for crimes against
the citizens of the United States, where is
there relief? In such case has the nation no
j)Ower; is the Government under no obliga-
tion to go to the rescue of the injured? The
people of one State have an interest in the
preservation of peace and order in another.
The right to migrate and to engage in legiti-
mate traffic belongs to every citizen. The in-
terests of the people of all the States are so
interwoven that violence and disorders in one
are injurious to all. If the meanest citizen
wanders into foreign countries he is followed
everywhere by the protecting power of the
whole nation. No act has been more univer-
sally praised than the rescue of Martin Koszta
from the prison of the Austrian. The bosom
of every American swells with pride when he
contemplates that act of national devotion to
him who was only an inchoate citizen of the
Republic. Shall it be said that the citizen
may be wrongfully deprived of his life, liberty,
and property in his own country and at his
own homestead, and the national arm cannot
be extended to him because there is a State
government whose duty it is to afford hiin
redress, but refuses or neglects to discharge
that duty? Such a theory may be palpable to
the minds of men who have been too much
educated in the technicalities which make a
remedy depend upon whether the form of
action is trespass or case, but it must be im-
palpable logic, indeed, to those whose lives
liberties, and property are all at the mercy of
organized bands of maraudei-s who can safely
dely the power or command the inactivity of
the State authorities.
In saying what I have thus far, it has been
my purpose merely to combat those positions
which, if correct, might, in my judgment,
deprive the people of all protection in those
rights which it is our boast that we possess.
Contingencies may happen when we least ex-
pect them which may imperil them all. Local
prejudices may become so strong and violent
may overturn that sense of justice
which we fondly hope, however, mayeverdom-
inate in the bosoms of all our rulers. We well
understand Jhe influence of popular sentiment,
under elective Governments, upon those who
depend upon the popular will for place and
power. Governors, judges, and juries give way
to a mania which sometimes seizes hold of
the popular mind. Prejudices and passions,
which make men forget their duties are more
likely to be local than national. It is better,
therefore, to have a Government less local and
more general, and which is responsible to a
whole nation aud not alone to a small portion.
Such a Government is more likely to be impar-
tial, and to remain uninfluenced by prejudices
and passions.
But because I believe the large powerswhieh
I have endeavored to indicate exist in the
national Government, I do not by any means
advocate the wisdom or expediency of their
exercise at all times. Convenience and court-
esy to the States suggest a sparing use, and
never so far as to supplant the State authori-
ties except in cases of extreme necessity, and
when the State governments criminally refuse
or neglect those duties which are imposed upon
them. The local authorities ought to under-
stand best the wants and condition of the peo-
ple over whom they rule. It is essential to the
maintenance of peace and order, and to the
inculcation ofrespectfor aud obedience to law,
that the State governments should be respected
and upheld by the General Government. It is
as much the duty of the national Government
to support that of the State, and to maintain its
authority, as it is to provide an ultimate remedy
for the redress of every wrong inflicted upon
the citizen.
It is not only a duty, but it is for the na-
tional weal, that it should take care that State
authority is obeyed. The great difficulty in
the South to-day is a want of moral power on
the part of the State governments. Whatever
disorders prevail are traceable to this cause
more than to any other. In what State where
violence and disorders" prevail is the State
government in sympathy with Kukluxism, un-
less it be in Kentucky and Alabama? and dis-
orders began in the latter before the present
Governor was inaugurated. The affairs of the
South have been so long managed by the General
Government that State authorities have formed
the opinion that they are really without moral
or legal power. If anything happens of an
unusual character they turn their eyes toward
Washington for succor.
The southern Stated are all of sufficient age
to be weaned, but not abandoned. The sooner
the General Government commences to teach
them that they must rely on their own re-
sources, and that they are only to be aided
and backed up, the sooner will local authority
be able to afford security in every emergency.
Show me a State in a turbulent condition and
I will show you a State Government lacking in
some essential quality. The disorders in
Louisiana in 1868 were greater than all that
have occurred in all the South since the
close of the war. The new State government
had but just assumed control, the national
Administration was hostile, and the military
authorities were unfriendly. The situation was
unfortunate, and the State authorities had not
had time to gather uj> their strength or to make
manifestations of their power. Did you legislate
especially then? Not at all. The State was left
to its own resources. It is true the old hostile
President went out and a new one came in, and
was understood to be disposed to preserve peace
and order at all hazards. This fact alone had
an immense moral influence, and I would by
no means underrate the beneficial effect of
this fact. But the greatest cause of the happy
change in that State from a condition of vio-
lence and bloodshed to one of profound and
marked tranquillity was the ability and pluck
of the State government in making its authority
felt and respected. I should be recreant, how-
ever,^ to the cause of truth if I did not say in
addition_ that the good people of that State
gave their influence and efficient aid in bring-
ing about the great change which has taken
place.
I can conceive of a condition when a law
should be passed embracing all the provisions
of the bill under discussion. I do not think
the present state of the country warrants us in
going so far. In my judgment we have the
authority to place upon the statute-book a
permanent law empowering the President to
suspend the privileges of the writ of habeas
corpus whenever in his judgment a case of
rebellion or invasion exists. But I should
deem such action both impolitic and danger-
ous. It would be regarded as a suggestion
that we were constantly liable to the dangers
which alone justify its suspension. It would
stand as an unpleasant commentary upon the
stability and efficacy of a republican form of
government. And I would not have the peo-
ple resting under the hazards of an abuse
of such authority. I have less difficulty in
determining what law is constitutional than
what will be practicable.
It is true that present wrongs demand rem-
edies and suggest legislation. But I would
legislate to meet apprehended as well as exist-
ing conditions. I would make a law applica-
ble alike to every part of the country and to
be permanently upon the statute-book. I had
almost made up my mind to say that I would
vote for any law of national application which
gentlemen representing northern constituen-
cies think they can defend at home. It seems
to me to be sufficient, and at the same time to
be proper, to make a permanent law affording
to every citizen a remedy in the United States
courts for injuries to him in those rights de-
clared and guarantied by the Constitution, and
to empower the marshal in the execution of
his writs to call upon the posse comitatus when-
ever he is opposed or resisted by force, and
authorize the President to support the marshal
with the Army and Navy and militia whenever
such aid is applied for and is necessary. Such
a law will meet the emergency, and it seems
to me will be entirely defensible. I do not
oppose a law authorizing the suspension of the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus because
I have not confidence in the President, for I
have as high an opinion of his wisdom, integ-
rity, and patriotism as any gentleman on this
floor can have; but I do oppose it because I
do not believe a case to justify it exists or is
to be apprehended, and I fear the effect of a
precedent when it has been resorted to with-
out warrant from the existing or apprehended
condition of the country.
Mr. Speaker, as alleged outrages and dis-
orders in the South constitute the occasion
for legislation at this time, I think this discus-
sion should take a wider scope than the con-
sideration of the laws which ought to be en-
acted to repress crimes and disorders. It ought
to extend to all those measures which may
tend to pacification, for such are quite as im-
portant as repressive measures, it involves
the whole subject of the policy of the Gov-
ernment toward the people of the States lately
in rebellion. The enaetmentand enforcement
of penal laws are necessary and indispensable ;
yet other means are essential to secure last-
ing contentment. A wise Government will do
all those just things which will soften animosi-
ties and which will remove what any portion
of the citizens properly deem to be griev-
ances.
In discussing this subject we must look upon
facts as they are, and not as they ought to be,
and learn to expect from people everywhere
such action as is natural rattier than that
which strictly coincides with the right. I
have no doubt of the existence of outrages
in certain localities in the South, and of an
aggravated and, perhaps, of an alarming char-
acter; alarming because they forebode anarch-
ical tendencies, and a growing disposition to
ignore and overturn social securities. Dis-
turbances have existed before, not only in the
South but in other portions of the country.
But bad as the condition is, or may have
been, I have never believed, and do not now
believe, that there is any purpose on the part
of the responsible and influential people of the
South to make another attempt to become
independent of the Government of the United
States. Nor do I believe the present situation
generally in the South to be worse than it has
been, although the turbulence seems greater
in certain localities; yet 1 do not believe the
popular feeling to be. less disposed to peace
and order. The propensity to take life was
