370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
late fails to protect their victims. A heavy-
book, containing evidence upon Ibis point, has
been placed before the Senate. Further—and
this is practically more to the purpose for us—
the President, in the discharge of a constitu-
tional duty, has sent us a message in which he
informs us that the state of things of which 1
have spoken really exists ; that it has rendered
the carrying of the mails and the collection of
the revenue dangerous; that his own power
under existing laws to provide a remedy is not
clear ; and that therefore he desires of us such
legislation as may be necessary to restore
order. We are, then, more than justified in
passing at once to the consideration of this
bill upon its intrinsic merits.
The great question which confronts us here
is the constitutional one. On this point I
may, perhaps, be permitted, having recently
come from the people, to give expression to
■what may be termed the logic of the popular
mind and heart upon a constitutional question
like this—a kind of logic that does not always
come in a form which the courts approve, but
which is, nevertheless, in substance sound, and
which does, in the long run, shape both the
interpretation of the Constitution and the des-
tiny of the nation. Let ua appeal to certain
broad a priori principles of interpretation,
which will do much to assist us when we come
to encounter objections which may be urged
against this bill.
1. A constitution is a means, and not an end.
Life, liberty, and happiness do not exist for
the sake of the constitution, but the constitu-
tion exists and was framed for their sake. In
interpreting the constitution of any great, free
country there is a fair presumption that it con-
tains sufficient grants of power to the legisla-
tive body to secure the great primal objects
for which constitutions and Governments exist.
In addressing ourselves to the examination of
the great organic act of any free country, we
have a right to presume that its framers did
not, in preparing the means, lose sight of the
end; that they did not, in disputes about words,
forget the foundations of society. Wo feel
that we ought to lind in such an instrument
protection lor the people; that we have aright
to take some pains to find it there; and that,
in case of obscure or ambiguous phrases, we
should give to the natural rights of man the
benefit of the doubt. And this presumption
becomes especially strong in the casoof a con-
stitution which has existed for nearly a cen-
tury, which has lasted through decades of peace
and years of war, which has been repeatedly
amended, as new experiences and new tests
have suggested new safeguards for liberty, and
which is finally, after all the attrition of party
strife and all the strain of a fearful civil war,
triumphantly established as the supreme law
of the land.
The people very naturally say to us, "This
Constitution has been in existence for more
than eighty years. It was formed for the very
purpose of protecting life, liberty, and prop-
erty, by the wisest, the most patriotic, and the
most liberty-loving body of men that ever sat
in council in this world. The wisdom of the
nation has again and again, since that time,
found expression in it. With all its safe-
guards, and with added safeguards, it lias just
emerged safe and strong from a bloody civil
conflict. And after ail these experiences, after
all this wise and earnest endeavor, after this
unprecedented expense of blood and treasure,
have we only come to this result at last? In
case life and liberty are insecure in any State,
and that State virtually denies the necessary
protection, are we still to be told that even
now the Constitution does not confer upon
Congress sufficient power to provide for this
emergency? Have we not yet reached even
that twilight civilization in which every man's
house is defended against murder and arson?
England can protect her citizens in Greece,
in Abyssinia, in the most distant islauds of
the sea. If the poorest German that works
among the mines of Brazil is wronged and
cannot obtain relief, the bit of soiled and
crumpled paper on which his half-illegible
complaint is scrawled to the Prussian minis-
ter sends a prompt dispatch to Berlin in his
behalf, and brings back to liio de Janeiro, by
return of mail, a prompt demand for redress.
Even our own Constitution is supposed to suffer
no wrong when the President of the United
States employs the Navy for the protection of
American citizens who are thousands of miles
from home. Is it only when industrious and
worthy citizens are murdered and scourged
upon our own soil, within easy distance of this
capitol, that doubts begin to be entertaiued as
to the constitutional power of our Government
to protect them?"
Such is the language of the people addressed
to us ; and though it may be, in some degree,
the language of indignant sympathy for their
brothers in peril, rather than the language of
a dry, logical process, it yet springs from those
great principles of our nature to which our
Constitution itself owes its origin.
2. But again, there is another principle
which may greatly aid us in considering the
relations of this bill to the Constitution. To
every free constitution there is a kind of nat-
ural growth. This growth is not the result of
adding to its quantity, as in the case of amend-
ments, nor does it come from a change in
the letter or the spirit of the Constitution. It
is not the intrusion of new principles, but it
is the more extended application of old ones.
Principles have commonly a much wider appli-
cation than we suspect. Principles are from
God, and are like His own infinite attributes
in their possibility of endless application to
human affairs. A new application of a well
known principle, whether in morals, in science,
or in the organic law of the land, takes us by
surprise, and we are often prompted to distrust
it as an innovation; and yet it is only what
is required by the most logical consistency.
When we first study the constitution of a free
country we think of its principles only as ap-
plicable to that state of society and to those
needs of the people which then exist and with
which we are familiar. But, in time, new
circumstances arise, new social conditions
appear, and minds will then be found who will
propose to include the new phenomena under
the old rule. This will startle many as an
innovation, as a violation of the constitution,
whereas it may be only the application of
known and admitted principles to new circum-
stances. From the nature of things the field
to which constitutional law may be applied
will be constantly changed or enlarged, and
we must not confound this natural expansion
with a violation of the instrument itself.
The history of most constitutional Govern-
ments is the history of attempts on the one
hand to apply familiar principles to the new
wants of the people, and of attempts on the
other hand to resist this as a violation of the
fundamental law of the land. England is an
example of this. The statesmen of thatcoun-
try tell us that there has been no change in the
principles of the English constitution since the
time of William III. And yet, during the in-
tervening period, what a succession of most
important changes has taken place in the legis-
lation of England—changes most beneficent in
their operation upon the condition of the peo-
ple, and yet changes which were successively
opposed as destructive to the constitution.
Within a century the British Parliament has
abolished the slave trade and slavery ; has
given the' people law reform and Catholic
emancipation; has passed the first reform
bill, the second reform hill, the Irish church
bill, and the education bill; and has, in the
mean time, removed an immense number of
abuses of various kinds by repealing or amend-
ing the laws which sheltered them. If one of
the old Whig advisers of William of Orange
could come back to this world and hear Mr.
Gladstone make a speech upon proposed re-
forms, he might suppose that the constitution
of his time had been rent into a thousand
fragments ; whereas those English statesmen
who have most carefully studied the spirit of
their constitution believe that it is these suc-
cessive new applications of its principles to
the wants of the people which have afforded
and will afford the strongest guarantee for its
preservation in its integrity.
The history of our own Constitution has
been very similar to that of the English con-
stitution in this respect. Many illustrations
of this might be presented. I will speak only
of two.
When President Lincoln sent great armies
into the southern States to make war, the act
was thought by a large portion of the people
to be unconstitutional. It was said we had no
right to coerce a State. Leading men, leading
presses, and representative party conventions
denounced his course on that ground. Few
men, however, could now be found who would
not cheerfully admit that what he did was only
the necessary, patriotic, and wise employment
of powers which the Constitution had already
conferred upon him to meet that extraordin-
ary crisis. Was the emancipation proclama-
tion of January 1,1863, constitutional? Many
prominent men thought that it was not; many
party platforms contained strong expressions
of opinion against it; yet it is now very gen-
erally approved.
When, therefore, occasions arise in which
life, liberty, and property require new guaran-
tees for their security, members of a legisla-
tivebody are not to be repelled by mere novelty
in the details of a bill like this from a candid
examination of it. It is important for us to
consider whether this novelty consists in the
unwarranted assumption of a new constitu-
tional principle, or in the application of old
principles to the new exigency. Acting in the
spirit of the principles now discussed, we shall
have no difficulty in finding sufficient grants of
power in the Constitution to enable us to pro-
tect the lives and property of our fellow citi-
zens when the State government fails to pro-
tect them. We should go to the Constitution
expecting to find weapons to defend the weak
and the poor, not weapons to strike them down.
It is difficult for me to understand how any one
could have listened the other day to the clear
argument of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoar] without being convinced
that there is abundant authority in the Con-
siitution for the enactment of a law so greatly
needed aa the one now before this House.
I refer to what was presented in regard to
that section of the Constitution which makes
it the duty of Congress to guaranty to every
State a republican form of government; in
regard to the moaning of the words " privileges
or immunities" in the Constitution and the
prohibition upon the States not to abridge these
to citizens of the United States; and in regard
to what constitutes a denial to any person, on
the part of the State, of the equal protection
of the laws. It is not my purpose to repeat
what was said by that gentlemau so much bet-
ter than 1 pould say it, but any one who looks
over the points made by him and by the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] must feel
that there is no new assumption of power in
this bill. If any new principle of constitu-
tional law is assumed here, what is it?
Is it the principle that Congress may legis-
late to protect rights that are unconstitutionally
denied by a State? This is not new. It is a
doctrine with which the courts of the United
States have been familiar for three quarters
of a century. Is it the principle that the courts
of the United States shall have jurisdiction of
cases arising under such legislation ? That is
not new. Is it the principle that the President
of the United States may employ the Army
and the Navy to aid in executing the laws,
and carrying into effect the decisions of Fed-
eral courts? That is not new. Is it that the
President of the United States may, in case
