1871.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J 33
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
Em Klux Organization—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
Senators and Representatives, as in section
one of article two, it is provided that—
" Each State shall appoint, in sueh maimer as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of elect-
ors equal to the whole number of Senators and Rep-
resentatives to which the State may be entitled in
the Congress; but no Senator or Representative, or
person holding an office of trust or profit under the
United States, shall be appointed an elector."
Showing that the framers of the Constitution
considered that Senators and Representatives
were differentfrom those who held an office.
Again, referring to the articles of impeach-
ment which were presented against Senator
Blount, Senator Bayard said :
"The articles of impeachment which were pro-
pounded against Blount by the ilouso of Repre-
sentatives consisted of five articl es. They were drawn
by one ot the abiest lawyers of the country, Mr. Sit-
greaves, who was chairman of the committee of im-
peachment. Each article, after alleging the act which
was charged as a misdemeanor, concluded in this
lorin : that it was contrary to the trust and station
of aSenator. The House of Representatives did not
venture in their articles of impeachment, formally
drawn by so able a lawyer, to designate the position
of a Scnatoras an office. Is that no authority ? Is
it not entitled to some weight? The articles were
very skillfully drawn, with technical accuracy and
precision in the statement of the alleged misde-
meanor, and every article concluded witn the alle-
gation that the act was contrary to the duties of his
trust and station as a Senator of tne United States."
That is a mere outline of the argument of
Mr. Bayard iu the Senane. I have done him
very great injustice by attemptingto abbreviate
it, but that was the line of argument used by
that gentleman ; in the first place, that the
Constitution never named a Senator or a Rep-
resentative as an officer, and when it spoke of
other officers in connection with them it was
in such a way as to show that they were not
regarded as officers, nor included in the gen-
eiul term of "officers;" that the articles ol'im-
peachment preferred by the House of Rep-
resentatives in the case of Blount spoke of it
as the "trust" or ''station" of a Senator.
That was the general outline of the argument
used by the Senator from Delaware at that time.
Now, sir, if in North Carolina these gentle-
men are designated as officers, but if the nature
and character of the position and trust that
they hold are inconsistent with the idea of its
being an office, then I contend that that which
was held good law here in the Senate of the
United States in the case of Blount, where the
impeachment charges were thrown out because
he was not an officer of the United States, and
not impeachable as such, applies to the sen-
ators and representatives in the Legislature
of North Carolina; that they bear the same
character relatively to that State that Senators
and Representatives in the Congress of the
United States bear to the United States; and
" that if the nature and character of their trust
are such that they are not officers of the Uni-
ted States in the one case, they cannot be offi-
cers of the State in the other, although they
may be called so in the law.
Mr. POOL. Cannot the people of a State
make them so by their constitution ?
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir; they cannot by their
State constitution change the Constitution of
the United States; and the fourteenth amend-
ment speaks of them in the capacity assigned by
the Constitution of the United States, and only
imposes disabilities upon State officers in the
contemplation of that, instrument, which does
not give the character of "officers" to Sen-
ators and Representatives. The Constitution
of the United States fixes the character of the
station. They are representatives of a people.
They act in the Legislature for a people as
trustees of those people for the time being.
That, in its nature and character, does not
admit of the character of an officer, according
to the authority of the case of Blount, and the
thing itself cannot be an office in its nature or
character. I understand that the supreme
court of the State Qf North Carolina have de-
cided that to be the law under their constitu-
tion. The gentleman shakes his head. He is
not aware of it. I have it upon the authority
of a most intelligent gentleman and lawyer
from North Carolina that the judges of the
supreme court of the State of North Carolina,
under that constitution of which the gentleman
has spoken and the language of which he has
given, have decided that the members of their
Legislature are not officers.
Mr. POOL. I will tell the Senator that I
am entirely conversant with the case to which
he refers, and have discussed it over and over
again with those who differed in opinion upon it.
Mr. BLAIR. Then, of course, there is a
difference of opinion ; I thought the gentleman
did not know there was any such decision at
all.
Mr. POOL. I think the decision was made
before the passage of the act of 1868-G9. That
act was not referred to in it. It was a mere
dictum.
Mr. BLAIR. I contended, and contend
still, that no law can change the nature and
character of this trust and convert it into an
office when, by the very nature of the thing
itself, it is only a station and a trust. The char-
acter of a representative, either of the sover-
eignty of the State here in the Senate of the
United States, or of the people of a particular
district in the House of Representatives of the
United States, or of the senatorial districts or
the representative districts of the State, when
they are represented in the Legislatures of those
several States—the character of the thing itself
is that which distinguishes whether it is an
office or a simple trust or station; and the
meaning of the fourteenth amendment must be
looked for in the construction given of the
terms "office" and "officer" in the Constitu-
tion of the United States. If the fourteenth
amendment did not intend to make the station
of a Senator or Representative an office, cer-
tainly the constitution of North Carolina can-
not give that meaning to that amendment.
The position which I have taken, which is
not a new position by any means, because it
dates as far back as the ease of Blount, to
which I have referred, and was discussed with
great ability, as I have shown, by Senator
Bayard in the Senate, anil was the opinion
held, to my knowledge, by many of the ablest
lawyers in the Senate at that time, is not only
applicable to the case of which the gentleman
speaks, the case of Governor Holden, con-
victed, as he alleges, by members and sena-
tors of the Legislature of North Carolina who
were under disabilities at the time, but also
to other cases now pending before the Senate.
It is applicable to the case of the Senator
from Alabama, Mr. Goldthwaite, who is kept
out of his seat on a pretext of that kind. It
is applicable also to Sir. Blodgett, claiming to
be the Senator from Georgia, elected by a Legis-
lature after it had been purged by a military
officer of men whom that military officer sup-
posed were ineligible to seats in the Georgia
Legislature.
Sir, the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentatives in the Congress of the United States
have gone on in their lawlessness to such a
degree that they have inspired the officers of
the Army and all subordinate officers with this
same spirit of disregard for law, disregard even
for their own laws. It is perfectly plain and
manifest that the reconstruction act, and the
fourteenth amendment were both overthrown
by Terry when he undertook to purge, I ought
to say when he Kukiuxed the Legislature
of the State of Georgia, when he picked up
a railroad president and made him speaker of
the house, and organized that body and drove
out members that had been elected because
he said they were not qualified, and brought
in other members who were never elected, j
but who were defeated at the elections in that ,
State. We are called upon to seat a Senator [
here in the Senate of the United States elected
by a Legislature purged by the bayonet; and we
are told at the same time by Senators elected
in the same way that the military have had-noth-
ing to do with the elections in those States.
As illustrating and as characterizing this
attempt upon the part of the majority of the
Senate to renew this agitation upon the sub-
ject of the lawlessness and the violence at the
South, I cannot omit to mention the grand
parade that has been made over the disturb-
ance at North Benson, in Kentucky, by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] That
was a case where a negro mail agent, it seems,
was insulted and perhaps struck by a drunken
white man. It was an interference with the
mail of the United States. It was an offense
against the laws of the United States. It was
an offense of which the courts of the United
States had full and complete jurisdiction, a
case iu which they needed no further legisla-
tion. They did nothing. They allowed the
man who committed the offense in open day,
in the presence of their own officials, who was
capable of being recognized, to escape. He
was not pursued. No effort was made to arrest
him, or none whatever is shown. Here was a
case in which the Government of the United
States had ample authority and complete juris-
diction. The offense was committed in open
day-light in the presence of witnesses, and yet
there was no pursuit, no effort to capture and
punish the offender. If it had been a case in
which the United States had no jurisdiction
and one of their negro idols had been thus
insulted we should have had a demand here
for martial law upon the whole State. But
in order to make a sensation out of this thing
the mails are stopped upon a route upon which
the mails passed freely throughout the whole
war, when hostile armies were occupying the
State of Kentucky.
This, I say, characterizes and illustrates this
movement on the part of the majority in the
Senate. In a case in which they had complete
jurisdiction they made no effort to punish;
but in order to demonstrate that this lawless
ness exists, they are themselves guilty of greater
lawlessness in depriving the unoffending peo-
ple of a great State of mail facilities for which
they are called upon to pay, and for which
they are taxed, inconveniencing hundreds of
thousands of people in order to make a sen-
sation and attract attention, and it should
attract the attention of the people to their own
dereliction of duty.
It isimpossiblefortheScnatorfrom Indiana
to compare this, as he attempted to do, with
the case of the Nathan murder in New York.
That murder was committed under the shroud
of night, no one seeing the act done, no trace
of it left. This was done in open day, seen
by officers of the Government, and no pursuit
was made and none attempted. Nothing was
done, except to make a great noise and com-
mit a great injustice against the people of the
State. It is characteristic of this whole pro-
ceeding, and it shows also the animus of gen-
tlemen against the State of Kentucky, a State
which was the 6rst that moved against the
Federalists in 1798-99, and which has held
her position against the successors of the Fed-
eralists in this day. It, is the attitude which
Kentucky holds in hostility to these encroach-
ments upon free government that invites the
hostility ana vindictiveness of this attack upon
her.
The other day, iu discussion, the Senator from
Indiana stated that this reconstruction policy
was necessary because the people of the South
would not submit- to the Government of the
United States. I controverted his statement
by showing that they had submitted ; that they
had yielded every point demanded by the Bal-
timore convention of the Republican party
that renominated Mr. Lincoln when he was
