134
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31_
Ho. of Keps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. McCormiclc.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
reelected. They yielded every point that was
deemed essential by that convention. They
yielded up slavery, which was the demand and
the .only demand made. They consented to
its abolition. I said that they had not lifted
a finger against the Government. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] cor-
roborated what I said when he declared that
110 sane man in the South thought of renewing
the strife against the Government of the Uni-
ted States.
The Senator from Indiana was ungracious
enough to say to me that he would not respond
to my epithets. I used 110 epithets. Tho offi-
cial report shows that I used 110 epithets.
But I say now, as I said then, that the object
of all this policy was that the Republicans
should maintain themselves in power. That
was the declared object. It was declared 011
the floor of the other House by Mr. Thaddeus
Stevens, too daring a spirit to desire any con-
cealment. lie proclaimed that the South ought
never to be admitted again to the Union until
the negroes were allowed to vote, and until
those negroes in conjunction with the white
Unionists in the South, as he said, could main-
tain permanently the ascendency of the Repub-
lican party. All men in publiclife in this coun-
try know that Mr. Steven:! had more to do with
the reconstruction measures than, perhaps, any
ten of the most prominent men 111 the Repnb-
lican parly, that he was the master spirit of
them; and I stand upon his declaration.
I shall conclude what 1 have to say by
expressing my opinion about this policy of
the Republican paity, not only in the recon-
struction measures themselves, but in the con-
tinued series of aggressions in that line of
policy which are never intermitted. One cn-
eroaehment after another follows close upon
the heels of its predecessor. They claim to
go one point, ami that they will be satisfied
with that advantage ; but it, is only 11 stepping-
atone to still further and greater usurpations.
And, sir, 1 have to say that, in my judgment,
this whole reconstruction business was a bald
and flagrant, usurpation and lawless outrage
upon our written Constitution, intended to
obliterate Stale lines, State power, and Slate
pride, and to centralize the whole powers of
Government hero at the centerof the country.
Tho contrivers of these measures have 'now
thrown otf the mask, and, emboldened by the
result of tho last presidential election, which
they claim affirmed the measures which they
hud already passed, they by fntud imposed
upon the people of the United States the
fifteenth amendment. The laws by which that
amendment are sought to be curried out are
not warranted oven by the amendment itself,
nor is the present measure now pending in
Congress warranted by the fourteenth amend-
ment, umler which it seeks to shelter itself.
I shall, perhaps, bo told that these senti-
rnetilsarcrevolutionary. Everybody who main-
tains that, this Congress 1ms not the power to
sweep away the Constitution when it pleases
is denounced as revolutionary. When they
with one sttoke, in the reconstruction meas-
ures, swept away the fifth and sixth amend-
ments to the Constitution, securing persons
and property, securing the right of trial by
jury, securing a trial according to due process
of law of every one charged with crime, and
substituting in its place the drum-head court-
martial, all who maintained that this was 1111- I
constitutional and that Congress had no power ;
to do this act, that there was no authority in ;
any public body in the United Slates to do it, j
were denounced as revolutionists. When we ■
declared that Congress had no power to pass j
a bill of attainder, by which whole common- !
ities of people were convicted and punished |
without due process of law, although the Con- |
Btitution of the United States declares m so j
many words "that Congress shall pass no bill j
of attainder or ex post facto law," we were
denounced as revolutionists. And so also,
when we proclaimed that Congress could not,
in defiance of the express letter of the Consti-
tution, pass an ex post facto law, a law fixing
a different punishment than that which had
been previously affixed for an offense after
the offense was committed ; when we declared
that Congress had no power to pass such a
law, that it was forbidden by the express lan-
guage of the Constitution, that any law in defi-
ance and in derogation of the express prohibi-
tions of the Constitution was null and void,
we were responded to, "That is revolutionary."
Now, sir, let me tell the Senators that these
rights belonged to the people of our blood
before the Constitution was made. Every man
who has read English history, and especially
those who are descended from tho people of
that race, has pondered over the history of
the struggle, which for a thousand years has
lasted, to secure these rights and to guard
them against tyranny and despotism. Men
have suffered death on the battle-field and
upon the scaffold and at the stake and in dun-
geons rather than yield up these rights to the
arbitrary kings who reigned over those people ;
and they have always succeeded in maintain-
ing them, though for a brief period they might
be trampled under foot, and they often made
their rulers pay the penalty for their crimes
in attempting to destroy and take away these
precious boons, these guarantees of their per-
sonal freedom and security. One king laid
his head upon the block and his race and
descendants were exiled and died wanderers
away from their homes because they attempted
to rob the people of these precious charters of
their liberties. We have always read those
pages of history that told of these deeds of our
brave ancestors with a stern joy when they
exacted this punishment from their oppressors,
and now are we to yield up these rights which
have come to us through so many historic
struggles and which have been affirmed to us
in the Constitution ; are we to yield them up
to a sot of upstart tyrants because if we refuse
to do it we iu-e to bo denounced as revolu-
tionists?
The people are ripe for just such a revolution,
a revolution by which their rights will be res-
cued from imperialism and placed in the hands
of men who will administer the Government
according to the principles of those by whom
iL was founded. Young as our Republic is we
have had an example in its history of a similar
st.iuggle. This country is now very much in
the condition it was in 17i>8—1)!>. The men who
are now wielding power are of the same school
in polities as those who then so much abused
their high trusts. They are also endeavoring
to accomplish their objects in the same way.
It is true we have 110 alien and sedition laws
now as then, but the late enforcement acts are
infinitely worse. But worst of all were the
daringaudaudacioususurpations attending the
reconstruction measures and their offspring,
the fraudulent, amendments to the Constitu-
tion, on which they now chiefly base their
further encroachments upon public liberty.
The prospect for the friends of the Consti-
tution now is better than it was then. Then
republican government was looked upon much
more as an experiment than it is now. The
great bulk of the conservative men were ap-
palled at the excesses into which democracy
was^ 1 mining in Franco. The great Edmund
liurke, our friend in the war of the Revolution,
had raised his voice against those terrible
events. Even Washington was supposed t,o
be ill satisfied with the popular tendencies.
A large majority of both Houses of Congress
adopted the strong, centralizing measures of
the elder Adams, particularly the alien and
sedition acts. Mr. Jefferson alone, of all the
most prominent men of that day, denounced
them as unconstitutional, null, and void.
Through his great personal influence with
particular members he got the Legislature
of Kentucky to lead off in a State declaration
to this effect. Virginia, by the same means,
did the same thing, or followed the declara-
tion of Kentucky by a similar one of her own.
To these declarations not a favorable response
came from a single other State—not one!
Here were both Houses of Congress, the Ex-
ecutive, the judiciary, and thirteen out of the
then fifteen States, all concurring in the policy
of centralism, with, as was believed, the coun-
tenance of Washington. That, indeed, was a
daik day for liberty in this country. But the
master spirit of Jefferson was not daunted by
the prospect,. He relied upon the hearts of
the people, believing them to be as true to the
cause of liberty as the needle to the pole. He
did not quail, and counsel submission and ac-
quiescence in these usurpations because clothed
in the garb of laws. He pronounced them,
"not laws but nullities." The issue whs openly
made in Mr. Madison's report of 1709. That
report Jefferson evidently inspired. The con-
test was bitter, but the cause of liberty and the
Constitution most gloriously prevailed.
Now, at this day, how much more favorable
the prospect 1 The Executive and Congress are
against the constitutionalists, but their power
is waning, while the judiciary has not as yet
sanctioned a single one of the late usurpations.
The courts, it is true, have endeavored as much
as possible to avoid decisions upon them, but
011 every point, up to this time, brought before
the Supreme Court in connection with them
this highest tribunal has decided against them.
Not one of them has as yet received the judicial
sanction of validity by this highest court in our
land. Then, how is it with the States ? Nine-
teen—a majority, embracing a large majority
of the electoral votes—have by popular votes,
pronounced judgment against these monstrous
usurpations of our times. At the last presiden-
tial election the usurpers were sustained by an
apparent popular majority throughout the coun-
try ; butthedisfranchised voters excluded then
from the polls by these usurpations were more
than enough to haveturned the scale and coun-
terbalanced that small majority. As it was, no
majority would then have been found against
the cause of the Constitution if the timidity or
infidelity of friends had not placed the contest
in an altitude which left us nothing worth fight-
ing for.
Since that election the usurpers have un-
masked their designs, and now stand forth the
open advocates of centralism. They have
applied the principles of the reconstruction
acts to all the States ; and no other issue is left,
or is possible, but an open and bold one o.i the
questions of all their usurpations in the past
and their clearly defined intention of an ulti-
mate central despotism in the place of our
Republic of coequal States. Upon this issue
they are already defeated. The very act which
they now meditate is a confession of defeat;
for it is an act to employ force to control the
popular verdict, to sustain themselves by the
military arm.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH Ol'1 HON. J.R M'COEMICK,
OF MISSOURI,
Is tub House of Representatives,
March 31, 1s71.
The House having under consideration the bit)
(If. It. No. t!20) to enforco the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to tho Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri, said:
Mr. Si'eaker: O11 the %U\ day of the pres-
ent month the President of the'United States
