1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
flimsy pretext of their errors as a pretended
justification. But unchecked power never
stops of its own accord ; precedent unchecked
has followed precedent; and now, as already
remarked, we have the culmination of a sys-
tem of error iu the bill before us which is gen-
eral, applicable to every Slate of the Union,
or all of them together ; and this brings us to
a consideration of its provisions.
The provisions of this bill in detail have
been ably considered, and their objection-
able features so clearly exposed by others dur-
ing the debate, that but little, perhaps noth-
ing, can be added to what has already been
said. Of the first and second sections it is
enough to say that they are in direct conflict
with the reserved rights of the States as they
h.ive heretofore been understood and exercised
by the States through their own laws and tri-
bunals. With the broad construction con-
tended for, it is difficult to say what the States
may permit to be done with exemption from
punishment, if, by any possibility, such State
Saw could be construed to impair or infringe
either the rights, privileges, or immunities of
persons.
Heretofore every State has had its own
criminal code, and has provided for the pun-
ishment of offenders against its laws, as well
as offenders against the Constitution of the
United States, which is of course the supreme
law of every State. This act imposes new pen-
alties and new remedies, and these penalties
are to be inflicted although the State may have
enforced its own penalties against the offender.
This is practically a usurpation of the powers
of the criminal jurisdiction of State courts, and
this power 'is claimed under the fourteenth
amennment, which does not enlarge the powers
of Congress, and its legislation is wholly un-
necessary, since, if any State were to pass alaw
abridging the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United ritates it would be a nul-
lity under the fourteenth amendment, and any
court, State or national, would so declare it.
Why, then, force this legislation ?
But the most startling feature in this bill,
that which is not only most dangerous to the
liberties of the citizen but to the very exist-
ence of the Government, is the third section.
No one can help seeing that by the provisions
of that section the Government may be con-
verted into a military despotism at the will
and pleasure of the President:
In all cases where insurrection, domestic violence,
unlawful combinations, or conspiracies in any State
shall .so far obstruct or hinder the execution of the
laws thereof as to deprive any portion or class of the
people of sucli State of any of the rights, privileges,
or immunities named in and secured by this act, ana
the constituted authorities of such State shall cither
lie unable to or shall from any cause fail in or refuse
protection of the people in such tights, and shall fail
or ncglect, 'hrouah the proper authorities, to apply
to the President of the United States for aid in that
behalf, such tacts shall bo deemed a denial by such
Swte of the equal protection of the laws to which
they are entitled under the fourteenth, article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United States;
and in all such cases it shall be lawful for the Pres-
ident, and it shall be his duty, to take such measures,
by the employment of the militia or the land and
naval forces of the United States, or of either, or by
other means, as he may deem necessary for the sup-
prtbbiou of such insurrection, domestic.violence, or
combinations; and any person who shall be arrested
under the provisions of this and the preceding sec-
tion snail be delivered to the marshal of tho proper
district, to bo dealt with according to law.
This section is worthy of the most profound
consideration, since it places it in the powerof
the President, on such evidence as he may
deem satisfactory to himself, even though it
be common rumor, or on the statement of a
few bad men, or on the exaggerated report of
a partisan newspaper, to employ the militia,
or the Army of the United States, to suppress
such imaginary insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, or unlawful combinations or conspira-
cies. Thus every mob, so common in cities and
towns, no matter from what cause it origin-
ated, and every a,ssault and battery, every brawl
of drunken men in the streets, every idle and
unmeaning threat by foolish men, may be so
distorted and magnified as to induce the Pres-
ident to send the forces of the United States
into every town and hamlet in the country.
And we know very well what may be expected
when we look at the character of the evidence
which is made the cause of the introduction of
this bill and the ground of the President's late
message to Congress. These statements and
reports have been abundantly contradicted by
credible witnesses, and even by the Governors
of several of the southern States, but to no
purpose. And what may we expect in the
future ? A few bad men in different localities
may involve this country in civil war; or if not
in civil war, may at least lead to the shedding
of blood of hundfeds of innocent men by a
licensed soldiery. And to accomplish bad pur-
poses or to gratify prejudices or revenge it will
always bean easy matter to show that the State
authorities have failed to protect the injured,
so as to justify the armed interposition of the
President.
The examples furnished by "Kirk and his
lambs," Bergen and others, in North Caro-
lina, whose atrocities fall but little short of
those perpetrated by his celebrated namesake
after the Monmouth rebellion, should be a
warning to tho people of what they may expect
from a soldiery sent among them to detect
wrong-doers and suppress imaginary disorders.
The pretended purpose will be to suppress dis-
order. The means to accomplish the end and
to discover tho perpetrators and to get evi-
dence against them will be just sueli as a mil-
itary commander of vicious, vindictive pro-
pensities may see proper to adopt.
Harsh and unwarranted as may be the remedy
provided in this third section for disorders,
real or imaginary, great or insignificant, the
fourth section finishes and completes the means
for the establishment of a military despotism,
as if to remove all doubts on the subject. And
the English language does not furnish words
or phrases more appropriate or better suited
fpr the establishment of a despotism.
It provides that all the offenses enumerated
in the third section which the State authorities
cannot or will not suppress and punish the
offenders shall be deemed a rebellion against
the Government. This is magnifying individ-
ual quarrels, individual trespasses to rebellion
against the Government, although the parties
concerned may have had no idea, no desire to
jeopardize the existence of the Government.
Parties may be tried by State laws, and, if not
convicted, it is still an easy matter for bad men
to make a satisfactory showing that the State
will not punish or even that it is in complicity
with the offenders. The meaning of the terra
rebellion is totally perverted, and, as it would
seem, only to justify the still more extreme
measures provided in the latter part of the sec-
tion, which, in case of such rebellion, invests
the President with power to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus, that great writ of liberty, and
to declare martial law.
It is unnecessary to speak of the value of the
habeas corpus, or to say that it is essential to
liberty, and that no people can be free without
it; these things are known to all. And so im-
portant was this great right deemed by the
framers of the Constitution that they secured it,
as they supposed, beyond the power of invasion
or doubt, by declaring that—
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when in oases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
They never contemplated or allowed its sus-
pension unless when public safety might re-
quire it. And what is public safety? The
safety of the nation, of course, which must be
in jeopardy before the writ can be suspended.
It is not every trivial rebellion or every i>npo-
tent invasion that would justify its suspension.
The public safety must be in jeopardy before
it can be suspended. Now, however, this law
makes trivial matters, the supposed existence
of a little Ku Klux Klan, domestic violence,
though confined to a few individuals or to a
neighborhood, unlawful combinations for any
purpose, and the mere invasion or threat to
invade private or individual rights, ground for
suspending the writ of habeas corpus, although
the safety of the Government may not in the
least be jeopardized. This bill looks as though
it was framed to suit forced emergencies; that
as the writ could not be suspended except in
cases of rebellion, acts could be declared re-
bellious for the mere purpose of suspension.
And who is to suspend this great writ of
liberty? The President at his own will and
pleasure, and on just such evidence as he may
choose to believe, or even without evidence.
Among the earlier and better jurists of the Re-
public, Chief Justice Marshall among the num-
ber, the power to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus was decided to be a legislative power,
and belonged exclusively to Congress; that the
representatives of the people had an exclusive
right to judge of the emergency and to declare
the suspension. That it is a legislative power,
is manifest, and it is equally manifest that such
power cannot be delegated to the President,
for if this important power may be so delegated,
so may any or all legislative power be delegated.
I am aware that in 1803 this power was dele-
gated to the President, but a bad precedent
or an innovation can never shake a great and
fundamental principle.
But this section not only authorizes tho Pres-
ident to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, it
does more ; it authorizes him to declare mar-
tial law. And what is martial law ? It is said
by an eminent author to be no law, or the
absence of all law. The definition given of it
by one of our high officials, and the one gen-
erally received, is that it is the will of the mil-
itary commander. And who is the military
commander? The President, of course. Then
this section not only authorizes the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus, but it authorizes
the President to set aside all law, State and
national, and to establish his own will for the
government of the people, and the whole peo-
ple, if he should think proper; for he has but
to declare that a rebellion exists in one or all
the States, and assume absolute and unlimited
government over the whole. Could military
despotism be made more complete ? And are
the people of this country prepared to sanction
all this?
This bill may not become a law ; it is hoped
it will not; but it may serve as a warning to
the people as to the extent to which licensed
aud unrestrained power will go when it is
breaking through the limits imposed upon it
by the Constitution. And the remedy is with
them. As long as they tolerate excesses they
may not only expect them to occur, but to in-
crease. This is fully shown by the legislation
of the last few years, which has culminated in
a total destruction of the Constitution and the
establishing a military despotism, or in estab-
lishing the means by which it may easily be
brought about. However good or however
wise the President may be, they should not
trust any man with the keeping of their liberty.
Mr. Madison said:
"It will not do to trust mere parchment barriers
against the enctoaching spirit of power."
These barriers must be watched by the peo-
ple, the remedy is with them, from whom all
power emanates, and who are to be the suffer-
ers by its abuse ; they should never permit a
violation of their Constitution to pass without
a prompt and decisive rebuke. Men in author-
ity must be taught, as New Hampshire has
lately taught them, that they will not be tol-
erated in transgressions. It is certainly true
that a people who have secured their civil
and religious liberty by a written Constitution
should never allow a violation thereof, how-
ever slight the instance may appear, without
resisting it by all legitimate means.
To submit to encroachments is but to en-
courage theknown proclivities of the legislative
body to transcend its just powers in further
aggressions. The first encroachment weakens
the fabric, and, if tolerated, is sure to be fol-
