374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
3owed by a second, and a third, and so on,
until constitutional restraints are soon broken
down. " Eternal vigilance is the price of lib-
erty," a maxim as true as trite. On this sub-
ject, Junius, in his advice to the English peo-
ple, expresses himself' in language as forcible
as it is beautiful, and it will apply to us with
even greater force. He says:
"If an honest, and I may truly affirm, a laborious
zeal for the public service, has given me any weight
ia your esteem,let me exhort andeonjure you never
to suffer an invasion of your politieal constitution,
however minute the instance may appear, to pass
withouta determined, persevering resistance. One
precedent creates another. They soon accumulate
and constitute law. What yesterday was fact to-day
is doctrine. Examples are supposed to justify the
most dangerous measures; "and when they do not
suit exactly, the defect is supplied by analogy."
This was the advice of a great statesman to
his countrymen, and it seems the English peo-
ple appreciate its value, for at a much later
period Macaulay says:
"We have been taught by long experience that
we cannot without danger suffer any breach of the
constitution to pass unnoticed."
A short experience ought to have been suf-
ficient to have taught us the same thing. We
have a written Constitution, prescribed by the
sovereign power, the people, containing suit-
able limitations and restrictions on the known
tendency of power to transcend its proper
limits; but we do not profit by either the les-
sons of philosophy or the advice of patriot
statesmen.
_ Our people seem to labor under the delu-
sion that liberty is indestructible. If they
■will continue, they will soon find a sad end to
their delusion. We have seen bad precedents
followed by worse. We have seen innovations
repeated, and each succeeding one magnified.
This bill is the last and greatest of these inno-
vations. _ We have seen act follow act, until all
the original rights of the States have been
absorbed and centered in Congress, and Con-
gress now proposes to pass ail the power thus
absorbed into the hands of one man. Let this
bill pass, and then farewell to the Republic.
_ Although the people have until the late elec-
tions been silent and passive, I pray God they
may yet reclaim the lost ground ; and the hope
of every patriot now rests on them. 1 appeal
to them to correct these abuses and to restore
the Government to its original beauty.
Men who knowingly err will generally justify
themselves on some pretext, and though they
liave to do so by appealing to some popular
prejudices. Revenge is one of the base pas-
sionsofhumau nature, and, no doubt, has great
weight in shaping public sentimentat the North
against the southern people. And there are
those who would pander to this vicious passion
by justifying the extreme measures of Congress
as a proper punishment to the people of the
Soulh for their errors.
Such a motive may have influence with some,
but it is ah aggravation of the wrongs. Con-
gress has no right to inflict punishment on
individuals or on whole communities. IIow
blind and misguided is that policy which under-
takes to bring back a misguided people by
oppressing and punishing them ! Was ever a
people brought to love or even respect a gov-
ernment which oppressed them? Man can
never be brought to love those who oppress !
a "j • ReliSion may teach it, but in vain.
And if there be any such thing as a free gov-
ernment which does not command the respect
and approbation of the people, statesmen
have failed to show us how it can be main-
tained. Punishment was not the object • it
was a shallow pretense, used to deceive 'the
people. Ihe veriest rebel or secessionist at
the South becomes at onee a loyal citizen, j
purged of his offense, by joining the party and i
sustaining its extreme measures. Many of its
most prominent men at the Smith, from Gov-
ernors down, were the most zealous and active
secessionists^ They are rewarded and not
punished. There is great joy over their con-
version to the Republican party.
This proves that punishment was not the
object. * If the southern people are disloyal,
as they are charged with being, oppression
has made them so, and the Radical party is
responsible therefor. At the close of the war
they acknowledged their error, they had suf-
fered grievously for it, and were anxious to be
restored to their relations with the Govern-
ment, and did all in their power to place them-
selves right. They were repulsed with scorn
and consigned to punishment under military
despotisms.
That old Roman was wise who said in the
Roman Senate the way to ^ttach a conquered
people to their conquerors is to treat them
with kindness. And it was said that Rom-
ulus was very wise, with respect to the people
he subdued, by making those who were his
enemies t,he same day citizens. The southern
people are even yet treated as enemies, and
such treatment is very sure to make them so.
Kindness is the fountain from which attach-
ment springs as well for Governments as for
individuals.
A Roman emperor made a conspirator
against his life his warm friend by forgiveness
and kindness. Had the Republican party pur-
sued this policy after the war closed it would
have given renewed strength and renewed at-
tachment to the Government. Besides, sir,
the secessionists had some claims to forgive-
ness, especially from New England. It was
a plant of northern origin, as early as 1796,
under the nurture of the Hartford Courant,
and upon the acquisition of Louisiana it re-
ceived a new stimulus and bid fair to bring
forth its fruits. Its spread was encouraged by
public journals, public meetings, legislative
bodies, and from the pulpits. It was fostered
by such names as Plummer Pickering, Hill-
house, Hunt, Otis, Griswold, and others, and
culminated in that Hartford convention which
sent delegates to Washington as its advocates.
Its prospects, however, were blighted by the
general joy produced by General Jackson's
brilliant defense of New Orleans.
To say nothing of the effect of this bill on the
South, what of th« northern people? By sus-
taining the Radical party they but forge the
chains that ere long will encircle them in the
toils of slavery. They have encouraged pre-
cedents which this day by this bill threaten to
break up their State governments and place
them under a one-man, military despotism,
which will subject their lives, liberties, and
property to military tribunals. And what of
the western people, that great community of
noble men whos<j minds should be as free as
the air they breathe, will they too crouch before
the tyrant's scepter, voluntarily surrender their
rights, and willingly take upon themselves the
yoke of slavery?
Will they quietly stand by and see a military
satrap,^ with licentious soldiery, take posses-
sion of their States and State governments?
Will they calmly see the standard of military
supremacy erected on the ruins of civil power?
-The North, the West, and Middle States had
better beware. They will but fill the chalice
which ere long will be applied to their own
lips. When it comes they will have but them-
selves to blame. In adhering to the Repub-
lican party, they have but fostered the monster
which is now about to crush them.
1 yield for twenty minutes to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Storm.]
Mr. S TORM addressed the House in remarks
which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. ARCHER. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. McCobmiok.J
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, and Mr.
MOORE addressed the House in speeches
which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. LOWE. Mr. Speaker, the questions
presented for consideration upon the bill be-
fore the House are of the very first import-
ance. We are confronted with tlie two inquiries
whether the proposed legislation is needful and
whether i.t is lawful. If these conditions con-
cur, if the exigencies of the public welfare
demand it, and if the bill maybe constitution-
ally enacted into a law, then there can be no
doubt of the duty of the House and of Congi ess
to provide such redress as this bill proposes.
That life and personal rights are insecure and
systematically invaded in several of the States
may be palliated, but cannot be successfully
denied. The evidence is contained in the
voluminous report of the Senate committee
elicited from a crowd of witnesses; and it is
also brought to us by the public press and by
the mouths of those who speak of what they
know and have seen.
While murder is stalking abroad in disguise,
while whippings and lynchings and banishment
have been visited upon unoffending American
citizens, the local administrations have been
found inadequate or unwilling to apply the
proper corrective. Combinations, darker than
the night that hides them, conspiracies, wicked
as the worst of felons could devise, have gone
nnwhipped of justice. Immunity is given to
crime, and the records of the public tribunals
are searched in vain for any evidence of effect-
ive redress. If there is no remedy for this,
if the rights of citizenship may be denied with-
out redress, if the Constitution may not be
enforced, if life and liberty may not be effect-
ively protected, then, indeed, is our civil
Government a failure, and instead of enjoying
liberty regulated by law, its subjects may live
only by the sufferance of lawless and exasper-
ated conspirators. The cardinal doctrine of
our institutions is that all citizens are equal
before the law, and that the law shall equally
secure to all, their natural and inalienable
rights.
It is well to remember these fundamental
doctrines. It is well to remember for what
purpose Government is organized, that it may
be so administered as to secure its appropriate
ends. It is for the purpose of practically en-
forcing these cardinal principles that this bill
is proposed. The President has advised the
House that the condition of the country in
certain districts is such that life and property
are insecure and the carrying of the mails and
the collection of the revenue dangerous, and
that the power to arrest these evils is, in his
judgment, beyond the control of State author-
ity. If this condition does not anywhere exist,
if there is nothing, in fact, for this bill to oper-
ate upon, if there are no outrages committed,
if there are no organized bands of disguised
conspirators, why such opposition to this meas-
ure? If there is nothing for the bill to apply
to, nobody can be inconvenienced by its pas-
sage. If there are no Ku Klux organizations
conspiring to banish and destroy, then no-
body's rights, whether real or fancied, can be
injured by a bill to put them down.
It is not impossible that in some instances
exaggeration of the violations of law may have
been made in reporting them to the public, but
it must be a very stubborn incredulity which
after perusing the report of the Senate com-
mittee, after hearing the credible narrations
of eye-witnesses, would deny the substantial
fact that in naany districts in the South there
is a demand for some further safeguards to life,
liberty, and property, safeguards that may in-
volve the element of sufficient power and force
to carry into execution the guarantees of the
Constitution in favor of personal security and
personal rights.
It is claimed with great vehemence and per-
tinacity on the other side of the House that
there is no constitutional authority in Congress
to pass this law ; that, even admitting tha facts
to be true as alleged, Congress is powerless
to grant relief within the scope of the just
powers of the Federal Government. If I were
of that opinion, I should never give my vote
for the bill, for there is no evil so great but
. that the obligations of the Constitution are
paramount to any necessity for the removal
ol' the evil.
But this is not tile first time the Constitution
