1871.
i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3.75
has been invoked as a barrier against the pres
ervation of the liberties and the rights of* the
people. When war was flagrant against the
Government, when State after State was fall-
ing away from the Union, when armies were
marshaled to subvert the Government, we then
were met with bold assertion and ingenious
argument to show that the Government could
not use its own war powers to preserve its own
existence and suppress insurrection and rebel-
lion of the States. But happily the patriotism
and practical judgment of the country were to
the contrary, and all branches of the Federal
Government have affirmed the power of the
Government to wage the war it did for its own
preservation and for its perpetuation to pos-
terity.
Again, when peace succeeded to the land,
and it became necessary to legislate for the
restoration of the States, and provide for the
new status, every measure of the Republican
party to that end was stigmatized as unconsti-
tutional and opposed as illegal. But, not-
withstanding the arguments and invectives
advanced in support of that proposition, recon-
struction has proceeded upon the policy inau-
gurated by the Republican party, and as a result
we see every State again constitutionally rep-
resented in Congress. But while the restora-
tion of the States has thus been happily accom-
plished, the party which fought the battles of
the Union for constitutional liberty and equal
constitutional rights would have left their
work incomplete if they had failed t<fprovide
against future contingencies for the preserva-
tion of those rights and of that personal secur-
ity for which seas of blood and mountains of
treasure were expended. In this work they
were not wanting in the sagacity and states-
manship to provide by constitutional amend-
ment for the preservation of the rights and
privileges of all citizens.
I might concede, Mr. Speaker, without im-
pairing the strength of our position on this
side of the question, that under the Constitu-
tion, without the fourteenth amendment, it
would be doubtful whether Federal authority
could intervene in cases like those under con-
sideration, except when it was invoked by
State authority. But, in my judgment, the first
section of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution furnishes ample authority for the
legislation proposed. Its language is:
"No State shall make or Enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of tile United States, nor shall any State deprive any
person of life, liberty, or property, without duo pro-
ness of law, nor deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws."
And the filth section provides that—
"The Congress shnll have power to enforce, by ap-
propriate legislation, the provisions of this article."
I was rejoiced, Mr. Speaker, to hear the
distinguished gentleman from New York. [Mr.
Wood,] in the course of his remarks, concede
the validity and binding obligation of the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments. It was a
decided advance upon the doctrines of the
Democratic party as heretofore indicated by
their votes in this Hall. It is less than twelve
months since a resolution in this House affirm-
ing the validity of these amendments to the
Constitution was put upon its passage, and
every Democratic member voting upon it re-
corded his vote in the negative. But there are
indications of progress,.and I shall be happy to
see our Democratic friends working shoulder
to shoulder with us to carry all the new con-
stitutional amendments practically and effect-
ively into operation.
I understand the argument to be that inas-
much as the aliaged lawless acts sought to be
corrected by the bill are not done in pursu-
ance of any law or act of the States, that as
there is no State authority or laws impeding
the citizens in the enjoyment of their rights,
the section quoted does not apply. It is said
that the States are not doing the objectionable'
acts. This argument is more specious than
real. Constitutions and laws are made for
practical operation and effect. They have cer-
tain ends to accomplish, and must be under-
stood as tending to accomplish the objects
sought. What practical security would this
provision give if it could do no more than to
abrogate and nullify the overt acts and legisla-
tion of a State? If a State has no law upon its
statute-book obnoxious to objection under the
article referred to, but nevertheless permits
the rights of citizens to be systematically
trampled upon without color of law, of what
avail is the Constitution to the citizen?
The argument leads to the deduction thafc
while the first section of the amendment pro-
hibits all deprivation of rights by means of
State laws, yet all rights may be subverted and
denied, without color of law, and the Fed-
eral Government have no power to interfere.
All you have to do, therefore, under this view,
to drive every obnoxious man from a State, or
slay him with impunity, is to have the law all
right on the statute-book, but quietly permit
rapine and violence to take their way, without
the hinderance of local authorities. Such a
position, Mr. Speaker, defeats itself by its
own absurdities. The rights and piivileges of
citizens are not only not to be denied by a
State but they are not to be deprived of them.
Again, it is provided that Congress shall
have power to enforce the article by appro-
priate legislation. But if this section is noth-
ing more than a negation, a veto of State acts,
where is the room for legislation ? There would
be none. The provision would exhaust itself
by its prohibition and leave nothing for active
legislation. Nothing can well be more evident
than that, taking the first and fifth sections
together, the intention was to enable Congress,
by Federal legislation and by the proper power
of the Government, to secure to citizens the
actual enjoyment of the rights and privileges
guarantied.
But the case is not without just analogies in
legislation and adjudications, and though some
of them have been already referred to in this
discussion, the magnitude of the subject will
justify a further consideration, even at the
expense of some reiteration. The second
section of article four of the Constitution pro-
vides that—
' 'A person charged in any State with treason, felony,
or other crime who shall flee from justice and be
found in any oilier State, shall, on demand of the
executive authority of the State from which he fled,
be delivered up, to be removed to the State having
jurisdiction of the crime."
Here is a provision imposing a duty and
creating aright respecting the arrestof offend-
ers, as between different States. No express
authority is given Congress to interfere. It
is provided tliat on demand by one State the
other shall deliver up the offender. Here,
therefore, as well as under the fourteenth
amendment, it might be claimed that the Con-
stitution exhausted itself in imposing the duty
upon the State, and that congressional legisla
tion could not aid the Constitution. But, in
fact, ever since 1793 we have had upon the
statute-book a law for the execution of this
provision and providing the mode and man-
ner of proceedure under it, and in 1842 Mr.
Justice Story said its validity had never been
questioned.
Again, the second section of the fourth
article of the Constitution further provides
that—
"No person held to service or labor in one State
under the laws thereof, escaping into another, sh;ill,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged from such service or labor, but shall be
delivered up on claim of the party to whom such ser-
vice or labor may be due."
The similarity in expression of this section
to the one quoted in the fourteenth amendment
is so apparent that its construction must, lead
to a just understanding of the latter. Bufh
impose a prohibition upon State authority, both
affirm a right under Federal authority. Under
the second section of the fourth article a statute
was enacted in 1793 jaroviding for the capture
and surrender of fugitive slaves, and in the
case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania the law and the
provision of the Constitution came under con-
sideration in the Supreme Court of the United
States in 1842.
In giving his opinion in the case, Mr. Justice
Story uses the following language in reference
to the fugitive slave law of 1793, as affected by
the Constitution. He says :
"Butit has been argued that the act of Congress'
is unconstitutional, because it does not fall within
tiie scope of any of the enumerated powers of legis-
lation confided to that body, and therefore it is void.
Stripped of its artificial and technical structure the
argument comes to this, that although rights are
exclusively secured by, or duties are exclusively
imposed upon, the national Government, yet, unless
the power to enforce these rights or to execute these
duties can be found among the express powers of
legislation enumerated in the Constitution, they
remain without any means of giving them effect by
any act of Congress; and they must operate solely
proprio vigore, however defective may be their oper-
ation; nay, even although in a practical sense they
may become a nullity, from the want of a proper
remedy to enforce them or to provide against their
violation.
44 If this be the true interpretation of the Constitu-
tion, it must, in a great measure, fail to attain many
of its avowed and positive objects as a security of
rights and a recognition of duties. Such a limited
construction of the Constiution has never yet been
adopted as correct, either in theory or practice. No
one has ever supposed that Congress could constitu-
tionally by its legislation cxerciso powers or enact
laws beyond the powers delegated to it by the Con-
stitution ; but it has, on various occasions, exercised
powers which weie necessary and proper as means
to carry into effect rights expressly given and duties
expressly enjoined thereby. The end being required,
it has been deemed a just and necessary implication
that tho means to accomplish it are given also; or,
iii other words, that the power flows as a necessary
means to accomplish the end."
Such, sir, was the language of the great
jurist, speaking for the court. It follows from
the doctrine ot that case, and from the uniform
decisions of the same court, that where rights
are expressly given by the Constitution, and
duties expressly enjoined thereby, the power
of Congress necessarily attaches to enforce
such rights and duties by appropriate legisla-
tion.
In the same case, Mr. Justice McLean, in
the course of his opinion, speaking of the duty
of a State to perform the acts required by the
Constitution, said:
" This power may be resisted by a State and thereia
no means of coercing it. In this view the power may
be considered an important one. So the supreme
court of a State may refuse to certify its record on a
writ of error to tho Supreme Court of the Union,
under the twenty-fifth section of the judiciary act.
But resistance to a constitutional authority by any
Stato lunctionary should not be anticipated; and if
made, the Federal Government mayrely upon its
own agency in giving effect to the laws."
Here, therefore, the doctrine is squarely
enunciated by one of the purest and ablest
of the eminent jurists that have adorned our
Supreme bench that where a State refuses to
comply with the requisitions and demands
of the supreme law the Federal Government
may give effect to its Constitution and laws
through its own agency. This doctrine is
ample for the exigencies of the present bill.
The decision of the Supreme Court in this
case has been followed in very numerous cases,
and the doctrine must be considered settled,
if any thing can be settled by adjudication.
If such was the law as announced by the
tribunal of last resort in reference to the ren-
dition of fugitive slaves, shall a less liberal
construction be allowed in reference to a sim-
ilar constitutional provision in favor of civil
rights and personal security? If, under the
Constitution, the Army and Navy of the Uni-
ted States might be used, as it was used, to
return, the fugitive from slavery, overriding
State laws and constitutions and courts, is it
too much to say that in the interest of human
rights the same powers may be exercised under -•
analogous provisions of the Constitution? But
the case under *,he fourteenth amendment is
attended with less embarrassment than cases
arising under the fourth article; for here we
have the express authority conferred upon
Congress to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth article by appropriate legislation.
Sir, is not this appropriate legislation to
