1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
condition of affairs in North Carolina would
be accepted by him and others as at least free
from misrepresentation and undue prejudice.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. WAD DELL. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to testify to the truth
if what the gentleman has stated.
Mr. WADDELL. I hope this will not be
'.aken out of my time.
Mr. KELLEY. I do it out of the gratitude
1 have borne him from those early days for an
argument in behalf of that oppressed race,
that, would have done credit to any, the most
enthusiastic, northern man.
Mr. WADDELL. It is grateful to my feel-
ings to hear those things, but I have not time
to yield further.
1 have voted, Mr. Speaker, on every occasion
for an investigation into these alleged outrages
in my State, not because I believed in the
necessity or in the power of Congress to send
out such an itinerant grand jury, but because
I was unwilling to give the slightest ground for
the suspicion that either I or my constituents
were averse to the most rigid investigation
which could be instituted into the terrible
crimes which are laid at our doors ; and after
I was appointed on the committee of thirteen,
1 tried, on three different occasions, to get the
floor m order that I might ask to be excused
from serving, because 1 desired to see that
committee composed exclusively of gentlemen
from the northern States. I was willing for
an investigation, because I am satisfied that,
when the whole truth is known, the people of
the North will begin to understand some of
the grievous burdens which the people of North
Carolina have been compelled to bear, and
which they have borne in a manner that justi-
fies me in saying that if inexhaustible patience
be an attribute of God, they have exhibited at
least one Divine quality.
I do not deny that crimes have been com-
mitted in North Carolina. I do not deny that
in a small portion of the State bands of dis-
guised meu have violated the criminal laws of
the State. Although without personal knowl-
edge on the subject, the published testimony
satifies me that such has been the case, just as
I am satisfied that similar outrages have oc-
curred, and are daily occurring, in the States
of the North and Northwest—the onlydiffer-
erence being that the Kn Klux of the South
wore disguises, which prevented recognition
and consequent punishment, while those of
the North commit their crimes undisguised
and in open day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to call the gen-
tleman's attention to the fact that in Iowa the
other day men disguised went iuto a post office
there, took out the postmaster and lashed him.
Mr. WADDELL. Yes, sir; men disguised
with masks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. According to the alleged
Ku Klux plan.
Mr. WADDELL. I do not excuse or palliate
these offenses, nor do my constituents; and 1
do not intend to be forced into any such posi-
tion by gentlemen, who appear to be unable
or unwilling to distinguish between opposition
to unjust and unconstitutional legislation and
sympathy with the crimes to the suppression
of which that legislation is directed. But while
I admit that crimes have been committed and
that from various causes the perpetrators of
them have escaped punishment, I do most
emphatically deny that the people, or any con-
siderable portion of them, countenance or en-
courage the wrong-doers. I deny that there
has been or is now any resistance to the exe-
cution of the laws, State or Federal. I deny
that the property or lives of loyal men (which
too often means licensed thieves) are not safe
down there; and I assert that the humblest
officer in the State, even though he be a negro
constable, so black that charcoal would make
a white mark on him, can go in safety, alone,
and at midnight, and arrest the best citizen of
the State.
Admitting all that can justly and truthfully
be said against her people, I assert that in no
State of this Union is there now or has there
been less crime of any kind than in the State
of North Carolina. I assert that a more quiet,
peaceable, and law-abiding people than her
citizens do not live on earth, not even except-
ing that favored land which was blessed by the
nativity and now rejoices in the existence of
the gentleman from Massachusetts. Still they
have been" pilloried before the world as #
decivilized community, in which social chaos
prevailed; the State has been represented as
one in which the genius of murder held high
carnival, as an accursed land of outlaws and
assassins, in which there was no protection for
life, liberty, or property, and upon which the
iron hand of military power must be laid to
reduce it to order and peace!
We, her Representatives on this floor, have
sat quietly and listened to the denunciations
of our people by gentlemen who have no other
acquaintance with them than such as they have
gathered from their slanderers and traducers,
until we would have been lost in amazement
except for the fact that no style of argument
other than that of generosity can surprise us.
We have no bitter words to say to gentlemen
on the other side while defending our State
and our people. They have worn the collar
six long, weary years in silence and sorrow,
and if they had not been sustained by the
deathless spirit of true heroism and love of
liberty they would have utterly succumbed to
their fate. They must still submit to whatever
legislation is provided for them; but, although
reduced to a condition of political degradation
heretofore unknown in this country, although
smitten by poverty, plundered and oppressed,
they still struggle manfully on, clinging to the
hope that their countrymen will yet do them
justice, and restore to them their rights.
I will describe to you in a few words the true
condition of the people of North Carolina
after the war, and their experience during the
past five years of Republican rule, while under
the absolute control of "the party of progress
and great moral ideas," and I will say at the
outset that no party in the history of this
country ever had such an opportunity to per-
petuate its power by intrenching itself behind
impregnable lines, and no party ever so ut-
terly wasted its opportunities and so covered
itself with disgrace. Corning out of the great
struggle like a strong man exhausted by fever,
the State lay prostrate and helpless. I shall
not insult the intelligence of the House by
dwelling on the evils attending the annihila-
tion of the entire labor system of a country at
a single blow, nor shall I harrow my own feel-
ings by a recital of the sufferings and humili-
ations to which our people were subjected.
Suffice it to say that they presented-a con-
dition which demanded, if not the experiment
of active charity, at least the privilege of
exemption from further molestation. They
had complied with all that was required of
tliern by the Government, and only desired to
rebuild, as best they might, their waste places.
The public debt of the State, principal and
interest, was about seventeen million dollars,
an immense sum to people so impoverished
as they were.
Well, sir, without going further into details,
this was our condition when "the party of
great moral ideas" took possession. They
proclaimed their intention to be, while elevat
ing the colored race, to inaugurate a new era
of reform in all other respec'.s—an enterprise,
for his participation in which, one of the new
legislators declared that his name would
descend to "de arkives of grabity," a region
which the plummet of philology has, I believe,
never yet explored.
They took charge of all the departments of
the State government, and after multiplying
officers ad infinitum under a constitution en-
tirelynew to the people; after wiping out the
judicial system which bad become venerable,
and to which the people were attached, even
descending in a spirit of petty revenge to the
business of changing the names of localities
offensively; after destroying the State Univer-
sity without substituting anything in it3 stead,
and after many similar preliminaries, they
increased the State debt at a single bound to
the comfortable figure of $35,000,000 for the
purpose of building railroads and developing
resources generally—a legislative feat which
was accomplished by the judicious expendi-
ture of $200,000 by a loyal gentleman in the
establishment of a free bar-room in the capit.ol,
with peanuts thrown in. Ten millions of this
debt having been declared unconstitutional by
the supreme court, there was still left and now
stands a debt of $25,000,000. No railroad has
been built, and the money was used by a loyal
gentleman natned Littlefield, from Pennsyl-
vania, and an enterprising native named Swep-
son, partly I believe in buying out the State of
Florida from a gentleman from Wisconsin.
Loyal Leagues had been organized through-
out the State, in which the colored population
were welded together in solid mass under oath
in opposition to the native whites, and the
practical teaching of these organizations was
that the latter must be kept down. The crop
thus sowed began to come up in crimes, the
perpetrators of which sometimes escaped de-
tection, and sometimes were convicted only to
be pardoned and turned loose on society again.
I said a few moments ago that 1 had no per-
sonal knowledge of any of these outrages, but
I will qualify that expression. In the practice
of my profession I was present in court once
when a very bad case was testified to. The
prosecuting witness, who was the victim, was a
poor colored man, who exhibited his scars and
told the pitiful story of how, while sitting by
his humble hearth, in the twilight of an autumn
evening, he had been seized, conducted from
bis house to the bushes, and there cruelly
flogged by three of his neighbors. They were
colored neighbors, and in answer to his demand
why he was so outraged they told him that he
had stayed at home on the day of election,
instead of going and voting the Republican
ticket. They admitted, as I was informed,
before the committing magistrate that they had
done the deed under instructions from the chief
of the Loyal League for that county. Those
men were tried by a white jury, sentenced by a
Democratic judge to the penitentiary, and duly
pardoned out by the Republican Governor,
Mr. Holden.
Similar occurrences took place in other parts
of the State, except Xliat generally it was a
white man's property burned up or his wife
or daughter insulted; and, as might have been
expected, retaliation sometimes occurred, and
then it was that these deplorable crimes
were committed, crimes which I denounce as
severely as any man in the United States ;
crimes which 1 am happy to know no longer
take place in North Carolina, and which have
never been countenanced, so far as I know,
by any decent man iti the State.
I have not told the hundredth part of the
story. I have said nothing about the imbecile,
drunken, and (in at least one case) corrupt
judges who have been foisted on those people,
and who now grease the bcnch, and soil the
ermine once worn by a pure and learned judi-
ciary. I have not even mentioned the acts of
Governor Holden in importing a band of cut-
throats, under Kirk and Bergen, into the State,
and the tortures inflicted upon aged, distin-
guished, and unoffending citizens, for which he
has been impeached, convicted, and removed
from office. I will not dwell on these tilings,
for I wish to avoid the utterance of any intem-
perate language, or to give expression even to
the righteous indignation which their remem-
brance excites.
