1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. of Beps.
order. I hate disorder ; I hate murder. But
yet, sirs, I hate the evidences of a military
despotism, as clearly indicated iu your bill, ten
thousand times worse; since disorder may be
remedied and murder may be punished, but
our liberties once lost may never be regained.
Pause, gentlemen, and reflect whether your
triumph in the passage of this bill.may not be
a victory over the Constitution of your coun-
try, and a triumph purchased with the lib-
erties of the people. I pray you, let not the
fate and fortunes of our people pass into the
hands of an ambitious military chieftain.
Mr. Speaker, if we had more of the patri-
otic impulses that auimated the bosoms of the
faithful few that met the Adamses at Inde-
pendence Hall in 177G, this bill would not be
entertained for one single moment. Our fathers,
unlike you, were jealous of the executive and
legislative departments of the Government, and
all of the amendments made to your Consti-
tution by them were designed to secure the
rights of the people as against the powers of
those departments.
Gentlemen, one word and I have done. I
desire to say to the Republicans that proposed
to stand by their country in this the hour of
her peril that the gratitude of a mighty nation
will ever be yours; for, sirs, like noble heroes
worthy of freedom have you lifted yourselves
above the shackles of party and propose to
stand by the Constitution of your country.
And to my Democratic friends I simply submit
this sentiment:
" Stand by the right 'mid the gloom and the sorrow
That hung lowering over the prospect to-d;*y ;
For the truth will shine brighter and clearer to-
morrow,
AVhiledarkness and doubtshallbednven away."
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. P. 0. SHANKS,
of indiana,
Ix Tin; House op Representatives,
April 3, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(h. r. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. SHANKS said:
Mr. Speaker: I had intended to speak to
this bill only on its constitutional and legal
bearings; but my inability to get the floor at
the time I desired it, and from the fact that
the subject has been spoken of better than I
could speak myself. I have abandoned thaf.
part of my proposition and shall address myself
more particularly to the practical considera-
tion of the matter now before the House. It
has never troubled me so much as I see it does
some gentleman as to many things in man-
aging the affairs of this Government. I believe
the original rigats of each individual have no
control except by that law of nature which
demands equal and exact justice to his fellow-
men. Some persons, however, will not obey
this natural law, and governments become a
necessity for the protection of the weak against
the strong, the virtuous against the vicious,
that the power of the whole people may protect
the rights of each individual; and that gov-
ernment is valueless and a failure which does
not protect all its citizens, irrespective of age,
sex, complexion, race, or condition, in all
and singular their equal rights to life, liberty,
and property.
In entering into government with my fel-
lows I give away "a portion of my natural
rights and privileges in order to secure the re-
mainder. and to that end 1 incur responsibil-
ities, both pecuniary and personal. And when I
do that, it is my duty while I remain its citizen j
to help to sustain the Government by my coun-
sel, my means, and my arms, if necessary;
when I do that, I have bought and paid for my
right to its protection, for my life, liberty, and
property against all persons and Powers. It
is as much the duty of the Government to pro-
tect tneas it is my duty to aid the Government.
Now, sir, in the form of government of the
United States we find no exception to this
opinion, but a strong confirmation of it. I find
persons coining from foreign Governments are
entitled, under a provision in the national
Constitution, to become citizens of the United
States by complying with the laws of Con-
gress provided for that purpose.
I ask gentlemen opposing this measure, who
are insisting that the right to protect the citi-
zen only remains in the State governments, to
say to me what protection this throws around
the foreigner who has by our national law been
made a citizen of the United States ; to say to
me what protection they throw around the for-
eigner when he has come here under the broad
invitations given by our Declaration of Inde-
pendence of the equality of all men, and that
especial provision of the Constitution provid-
ing a power of naturalization, and that further
fact that this nation has provided for and exten-
sively conferred upon ail who came and asked
it under the law, and that we have defended
this right on the high seas even to a successful
war with England, and enforced it successfully
with all the Powers of the world? If, after
he has reached our shores, entered a court
of justice, and on his solemn oath absolved
himself from all allegiance to p.ll foreign Pow-
ers, and especially 1'iom the one of which he
had been a citizen, aud sworn allegiance to
the Government of the United States; if, as
the Democratic party claim, and have claimed,
the national Government that has made him a
citizen cannot protect him as such, I ask you,
when he goes into a State where he is not
protected, how he will get protection from the
national Government if the Government has
no power to overrule the legislative action "of
a State which denies to this naturalized citi-
zen the protection which, under our laws,
we have promised to accord him? If he is
to be protected at all there ought to be some
power in the national Government to afford
that protection which we have promised him
by accepting his allegiance and pecuniary and
personal liabilities to the Government, and
that we impliedly give when we require a dis-
solution of his former right to protection of
the Power to which he belonged.
Mr. Speaker, there cannot be two equal and
conflicting powers in one Government; for in
such case neither will be governed, aud the
first conflict compels a separation. Sir, this,
as shown by a bitter past experience, is the
purpose of the leaders of that party which now
opposes this measure.
I use the words "this measure'' as contra-
distinguished from this bill, as the bill is only
before the House receiving the opinions but not
yet the action of members; but the measure
is for the protection of the citizen in his life,
liberty, and property, and to insure the en-
forcement of the laws. The form of the bill
may be corrected, but the right to pass the bill
is fixed and certain, and I believe the neces-
sity to be imminent. What inducement would
a German have to come to this country and
become a citizen, if, after he was absolved from
his allegiance to King William and accepted
allegiance to the United States Government,
he were to find when he went into any of these
States, or any part of them, that the laws did
not protect him, and that it was of no avail to
him to say, "I am an American citizen and
entitled to protection?" The gentlemen who
are opposed to this bill virtually take that
ground. They say that an American citizen,
foreign or native—as there is no distinction—has
no right to call upon the national Government
for protection ; or, in other words, that the
national Government has no power through
its authorized officials and forces to go down
into the several States to protect its citizens.
I say it has, and should enforce that power by
law whenever necessary.
Mr. Speaker, I have no difficulty in reach-
ing a solution of this question so far as I
am concerned. I believe that I owe my alle-
giance, and my life, if necessary, to the nation.
And seeing that more than two 'million men
in the last war, in face and iu defiance of the
doctrine and practice of the Democratic party,
stepped out and declared by their oaths and
their acts that they owed their allegiance to
the national Government stronger than to the
State governments, and struck at and crushed
the State governments because the State gov-
ernments dared to strike at and attempt to
destroy the national Government, I have,
then, not merely the legal opinion of the able
lawyers on this floor in favor of the principle
of this bill, but the action of the people of
this country, which is of much more importance,
because it is the people who make the laws.
It is much easier for men to rack their brains
about what the law is on the statute books than
to make it. It is much easier for men to dis-
pute about a power, than, by the dangers or
trials of war, to enforce it. Bat the people,
through a struggle of four years, have enforced
that power, and taught what they meant as law
and determined what their opinion was on that
vexed question, aud determined the right of
the national Government to stand triumphant,
over the State government in a contet-t for
power to violate any of the provisions of thu
Constitution by force, and settled forever the
right of the citizen to protection by the national
Government, despite the treason of the Demo-
cratic statesmen who had long taught a differ-
ent doctrine.
Therefore, I can vote cordially for this
measure, either in its present form or some-
what amended. I do not want to see it so
amended that there shall be taken out of it the
frank assertion of the power of the national
Government to protect life, liberty, and prop-
erty, irrespective of the act of the State. My
allegiance to the State of Indiana is strong;
for my State I would be willing to give my
property and life. My allegiance, however,
to the national Government, if the two should
come in conflict, is eminently above the alle-
giance which I owe to my State ; if such con-
flict should come, I am for the nation. If there
is any reality in the combination of the States
for the common welfare, that interest rises in
importance above a single State and the indi-
vidual allegiance due to any State. We are
taught by philosophy that the parts are only
equal to the whole, aud that the whole is equal
to all the parts. If this doctrine of philosophy
be true as applied to this case, then I will
show you that the national Government at
least is equal to the whole of the States. But
if the doctrine of the gentlemen on the other
side be true, the parts are greater than the
whole. Nay, more; if their doctrine be true,
each one of the parts would be superior to
the whole, which would be a very bad system
of philosophy and of statesmanship.
I pass on to speak of another matter. I say
that the opposition to this bill does not really
turn on the legal or constitutional question, It
is the old party question which we have here.
As a proof that party has more to do with the
opposition to this bill than legal opinion. I
call the attention of the country to this fact:
that gentlemen on the other side of the House
have at no time deviated from the old doctrine
taught by the State-rights party. I want to
say, also, that there has been no time when the
national Government has ever encroached
