1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S?9
elusion which these remarkable facts force
upon every candid mind, that it is not so much
the peace of the country which concerns them
as the exigency of party, which, as a forlorn
hope, seeks to inflame the public mind by
Ku Klux horrors and to touch the popular
heart by the cry of protection to loyal citizens.
Bat there are still further reasons against
this proposed legislation. And first, the evils
complained of, when subjected to an honest
and candid scrutiny, plainly appear to have
been, for base purposes, grossly magnified, and
their true meaning and significance shamefully
perverted. Especially is this true as to the
troubles in my own State, and which have re-
cently been the subject of investigation by a
committee of the Senate. As a son of North
Carolina, devoted to her people and their in-
terest, and jealous of their honor and fair fame,
I stand here and raise my voice in their vindi-
cation.
Sir, I repel the slanders which have been
uttered here or elsewhere against them. They
have suffered much ; they have been despoiled
of their political rights by strangers; they have
been rained, plundered, made bankrupt by a
Government not of their own choosing, and
placed over them by force ; they have been
outraged in their homes, in their property, in
their honor ; they have suffered by the hands
of the murderer and the incendiary ; they have
borne such an accumulation of trials and bur-
dens as would have driven any other people to
desperation. And yet, sir, they have held their
souls in patience through it all, and with a
heroism beyond all praise have religiously kept
the peace. There is notto-day a more orderly
and law-abiding people anywhere than the
people of North Carolina.
I do not ask you to take my unsupported
statement for it, but I produce the record.
The statistics of crime in North Carolina, ac-
cording to the last census, showthe number
of convictions for the year ending June 1, 1870,
to have been 3,608; the number of criminals
undergoing punishment in prison 294. The
population of North Carolina is something over
one million. Now compare this record with
that of Massachusetts, whose population is
about a million and a half, and whose people
are admitted to be the very embodiment of
all the virtues. The convictions in this State
during the same period numbered 12,928, and
the imprisonments 1,933. This is a proud
showing for the Old North State, and a com-
parison with any other State in this respect
would but add additional confirmation of the
truth that her people are a remarkably orderly
and law-abiding people.
It will not do to say that crime is not pun-
ished in North Carolina. The testimony of
all the witnesses examined by the Senate in-
vestigating committee as to Ku Klux out-
rages there agrees that justice is administered
with scrupulous fidelity in that State ; so that
if all the alleged outrages committed by the
so-called Ku Klux, which the majority of the
Senate committee estimate at about one hun-
dred, and for which no convictions have been
had, are added to the criminal statistics of
North Carolina (and these outrages run through
a period of several years) it will not change
the result.
But it is insisted that these outrages have
been committed in North Carolina and that
the people generally are responsible for them.
I shall not attempt to analyze the voluminous
testimony taken by the Senate committee upon
this subject. That has been thoroughly and
ably done in the Senate by a noble son of Del-
aware, to whom my people will forever be
grateful for his devotion to the cause of truth
and their vindication. About fifty witnesses
were examined by this committee. Those " for
the prosecution " consisted, in the language of
the minority report—■
"Of editors of Radical newspapers, State officers,
judges, solicitors, sheriffs, and constables, all appre-
hensive of a constitutional convention which shall
deprive them of their salaried offices or party spoils.
each man speaking more or less vehemently in his
own interest, but not one testifying facts within his
own knowledge tending to prove North Carolina to
be less safe, as a place of residence, than anyriortion
of the Union lying north of her boundaries."
On the other hand, some of North Carolina's
most honored sons testified in her defense ;
some of them not partisans, some of them sup-
porters of the present Administration—all of
them without prejudice or passions, and if
any candid inquirer after the truth will read
their testimony he will find it. Has a single
gentleman on the other side examined that
testimony carefully and without prejudice ? if
so, I appeal to him to raise his voice regard-
less of "kingly prerogative" or party dicta-
tion, and put an end forever to this exciting
question. The conclusion to be drawn from
that investigation is this: that in one of the
largest States territorially in the Union, and
embracing eighty-seven counties, no Ku Klux
outrage is proven to have been committed ex-
cept in six or eight of these counties, and these
not recently, but twelve or eighteen months
ago ; that this organization was the result of a
secret combination on the part of the blacks, as
a race, against the whites, upon whom they
were dependent for employment and susten-
ance ; and that the organization of the League
in North Carolina was the first step toward
these disorders.
Sir, as a citizen of that State, and deeply
interested in her welfare, I have been a close
observer of events there, and I bespeak for
my statements upon this subject a candid con-
sideration. My conviction is. and the evidence
confirms it, that the troubles in these six or
eight counties in North Carolina did not grow
out of hostility to negro suffrage, the recon-
struction acts, or to the national Government..
The true solution of their canse is to be found
in a supposed necessity, in the minds ot'some,
that organization was necessary for the pro-
tection of life and property, which were men
aced by a hostile organization, and which
were not adequately protected by a weak and
corrupt State government. This is the key to
the whole mystery.
I repeat, therefore, that the exercise of the
suffrage by the negro was not in itself the
cause of trouble. It is true that, in the exer-
cise of a just discretion we opposed the whole
schemeof reconstruction, and that we regarded
the conferring of suffrage upon the negro with
great disfavor. But the Democratic party long
since in North Carolina acquiesced in both,
and by resolutions, platforms, and official ad-
dresses, it has accepted them as a finality.
That party would not to-day deprive the negro
of the ballot if it had the power to do it, not
because of his fitness for its exercise, but be
cause of the great danger to the peace of
society in reopening such a question.
As to his free exercise of this high privilege,
I assert that he does it without let or hinderance
in my State, and deny that he is debarred there
from by any system of intimidation through
the agency of the Democratic party there. I
know this charge is freely and persistently
made, but the evidence of its truth is wanting.
It is said that in our late election there was a
large falling off of the colored vote as regis-
tered, and therefore intimidation must have
been resorted to. The answer is that no gen-
eral registration took place in North Carolina
last year, and that since the preceding regis-
tration thousands of these people have left the
State to seek the cotton-fields of the South;
and, further, that thousands, both white and
black, distrusting their party leaders in their
desperate efforts to maintain power by the aid
of Kirk's bayonets—the leagues being no longer
able to exercise compelling force—absented
themselves from the polls.
I have seen as much of the conducting and
management of elections in my State since the
negro became a voter as any citizen there, and
I solemnly declare that I know of no instance
in which he was hindered or molested in the
free exercise of his privilege, except by those
of his own color when he voted against them;
and there is manifold evidence that in numer-
ous instances outrages and brutal violence have
been inflicted by them for such temerity. On
the contrary, he goes to the polls without hesi-
tation or fear, and this in communities where
his people are largely in the minority.
Now, sir, the Democratic party in my State,
and in fact, throughout the South, having by
repeated public and official declarations recog-
nized the citizenship of the tiegro, it is false
to charge that that party gives countenance to
any attempt to obstruct his enjoyment of it.
Further, sir, the Democratic party in my State
has in the most solemn manner, by legislative
address, by resolutions of meetings in every
part of the State, by the public declarations
of its leaders, and by the free individual ex-
pression of its members, placed the seal of con-
demnation upon Ku Klux organizations and
all other secret combinations of persons who
disturb the peace and safety of society. It is
false, therefore, to charge, as has been done
in this debate, that the Democratic party there
is responsible for these disorders.
Now, sir, as to the character and extent of
this Ku Klux organization. I have said that its
origin is traceable to the League. I repeat it.
The Ku Klux was never heard of until after
the League made its appearance. This League,
the testimony shows, was a mysterious mid-
night, oath-bound political association, which
had for its object the consolidation of the
negro vote, to effect which it, became neces-
sary to stimulate the minds of these poor peo-
ple with an intensity of hatred toward their
white political oponents. Into this League the
negroes were systematically and universally
inveigled by its vile and unprincipled man-
agers. Their untutored minds were fascinated
by its mystery; and, because of the fancied
importance which its membership gave them,
they were not slow in asserting themselves in
the most offensive and insulting manner, not
as the equals of their white fellow citizens,
but as their superiors. Meanwhile they were
steadily plied by their miscreant managers
and masters, low adventurers, who swarmed
through and infested every corner of the States
with base suggestions, exciting all their bad
passions of hate, cupidity, and lust. They
were told that the property of their former
masters belonged of right to them, that these
white aiistocrats must be driven out of the
country and theirlands divided ; and there were
darker hints of more dreadful import, touching
female honor, which 1 forbear to dwell upon.
What was the result? Need any one ask?
The negroes, in a large degree, became vaga-
bonds. They roamed through the country in
idleness, and depended upon theft instead of
labor for their support, and in many sections
organized themselves into bands for the per-
petration of robbery, arson, and murder. Sir,
is it not a miracle that anarchy did not raise its
horrid front in that devoted old State? And
yet what prevented it ? The patience and for
bearance of those very people whom you are
so swift to visit with bitter denunciation.
In some sections of the State where outrages
on the part of these roving marauders were
more frequent and violent, retaliation swiftly
followed, and some hot headed, impulsive men
organized themselves into societies for this
purpose. And here is the purpose and object
of the Ku Klux Klan made plain. That they
committed great wrongs, no one can deny ; but
it unmistakably appears that in neaily every
instance the outrages they committed were by
way of punishment for crimes or for the insti-
gation of crimes against society. This whole
subject, was thoroughly examined last summer
by the judges ofonr supreme court,. The testi-
mony as to the purpose of the KnKlux organ-
ization was subjected to a rigid scrutiny, but
it completely failed to give it a political sig-
nificance.
The statement that this organization pre-
vailed throughout the State is simply false, I
