380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Lave an extensive acquaintance there, and
have engaged much in politics tor some years
past. If this organization were so extensive,
penetrating into every county of the State and
operating in the interests of the party to which
I belong, it is reasonable to, suppose that I
would know something of it or of its members
personally; and yet I have no such knowledge.
My Democratic colleagues in this House will
so declare for themselves, and we represent
more than one half of the people of the State.
Does this signify nothing? Sir, it vindicates
her people from calumny and the Democratic
party from the foul insinuation that it is in
league with crime.
The last reason I offer against this proposed
legislation is, that these troubles are rapidly
disappearing everywhere. From North Caro-
lina we have the executive declaration, to which
1 have adverted, that peace and order are re-
stored within her borders, and that the State
government is able to protect, maintain, and
perpetuate itself. From all the other south-
ern States comes the same assurance. In ray
own State neither League nor ICu Klux Klan
any longer linds abiding-place. The old feel-
ing of kindness and good will between the races
in the South is reestablished. The white citi-
zens, generally not so much incensed against
the poor, deluded African as against those
who duped and misled him, now that his bet-
ter nature has resumed its sway, give him on
every hand substantial tokens of their sym-
pathy for hirn and of their desire to aid him
in his efforts to improve his condition and to
get on in the world. And although gentlemen
may prate about the negro and his wrongs from
the white men of the South, he will tell them
to day that his best friends are to be found
among those against whom he voted. And J
tell him that so long as he performs the duties
of good citizenship these friends will protect
him in the peaceful enjoyment of its privileges,
let him vote for whomsoever or whatsoever he
may.
It, seems to bo clear, therefore, that in no
aspect of this question are we called upon to
interfere, but that, it, is the part of wisdom and
sound statesmanship to leave its solution to
the soothing influences which are now exer-
cising their potent charm in quieting and paci-
fying all classes of the southern people. Let
us not,, by further irritating legislation, disturb
these hopeful promises, but, lather, by words
of peace and charity, hasten the day of their
complete and happy consummation. Send to
yoursouthern brethren words of love instead of
hate, Give them amnesty instead of menaces.
Give them amnesty and you will give them
peace. Give them amnesty and you will give
them strength, Give them amnesty and t.lie
people Will say "Allien." Give thom amnesty,
"And all the clouds that Iowor'd upon our liouso"
will be
"In the deep bosom of the ocean buried."
Mr. IIAWL13Y". -Mr. Speaker, we have
listened this morning to two speeches on the
other side of the House, one in eulogy of the
southern soldier, or, as thegentlemati terms it,
the "rebel soldier," and warning this House
and the country that it, is not safe for us to
advance further in the way of legislation for
the purpose of quieting the condition of things
iu the southern States; and the other addressed
to the House in the endeavor, if possible, to
convince the House and the country that the
state of things which many of us believe exist3
in the southern States does not exist there at
all, and calling upon this House and upon Con-
gress to pass a hill granting universal amnesty.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as i have listened to the
debate on this bill, as I have listened to the
arguments and expressions used by gentlemen
on the other side, i have often been led to ask
myself, have we a Government or Constitution
at all? If the Constitution and its interpreta-
tion shall be left to gentlemen on the other
side, it has within itself no power. It has no
power to protect citizens of the United States
in any of those rights which we supposed were
guarantied to them by that fundamental law
of theland.
I grant you, Mr. Speaker, that for years past,
for more than forty years preceding the war,
we heard little of the powers of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. We heard but little
of the rights of the citizen, the right to liberty,
the right to be protected in life_, liberty and
property, and in those'rights which attach to
the citizen in all countries of the world. I grant
you the men of the South who dominated in
this country, and who controlled its legislati on,
contended there was no power in the Constitu-
tion of the United States to defend these rights
for which I now contend. They could find in
the Constitution of the United States ample
power to maintain slavery. They could find in
it power which would pass laws to compel yo.u
and I to follow the fugitive slave through all
the States of the Union, and impose upon us
severe fines and imprisonment, making it a
crime if we failed to follow the blood-stained
tracks of the fugitive slave fleeing from slavery
to freedom ; and when you went to the Con-
stitution of the United States to seek for power
guarantying freedom to the white men of the
country they told you that freedom was to be
found iu the laws of the States, or the con-
stitutions of the States, if found at all.
Sir, before the late war it is a matter well
known to you and to every inan born and
reared in this laud that throughout the south-
ern States of the Union there was no freedom
of speech, no freedom of person, no freedom
to express the opinions which were entertained
by freemen unless those opinions were in con-
sonance and in conformity with the opinions of
the dominant class of the southern States.
Sir, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] ill a speech addressed to the House
the other day. when pleading for the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and pleading with
us that we would not overthrow it, saw fit to
characterize us and the Republican party of
the country as Goths and Vandals. I remind
him, sir, that the Goths and Vandals after they
overthrew the power of southern Europe never
retraced theirsteps. What they took they held.
I point the gentleman to the history of this
country, and 1 remind him that when these men
of the South, in behalf of slavery, brought on
the great rebellion, and-made war against this
Government of ours, then it was that the great
Republican party throughout the length and
breadth of this country rose up as one man
to defend their liberties thus assailed. And,
sir, they did not cease until they struck the
shackles of slavery from the black mail; nor
did they cease until they placed in his hand
the ballot—the key which should open all the
wards between him and the full rights of
American freemen and American citizenship;
and, sir, from the position it has taken the
Republican party will never go back.
Sir, we have in the Constitution of the United
States, and have always had, sufficient guar-
antees, in my judgment, to protect the citizens
of the United States in all parts of the great
Republic. It was not necessary that we should
amend the Constitution of the United States
in order to give to the citizens of the United
States the right to be protected throughout the
length and breadth of the land. But, sir, the
Constitution of the United States was per-
verted, and those rights which were guarantied
by it were not executed in behalf of the citi-
zens of the United States. But if these rights
inhered in the Constitution before the war
and before the adoption of the constitutional
amendments, how much more do they now
attach to every American citizen. Shall it be
said, after the adoption of these three consti-
tutional amendments, that there is not power
in the Government of the Uuited States to pro-
tect its citizens by laws for that purpose, exe-
cuted under the authority of the national Con-
stitution throughout the entire land?
It is claimed by gentlemen upon the other
side of the House that it is not competent for
us to pass laws which shall authorize the
President of the United States with the Army
and Navy to enter any State in this Union,
unless the power of the Government of the
United States shall be invoked by State au-
thority. Upon this ground, as I understand,
gentlemen on the other side intrench them-
selves ; and they call upon gentlemen on this
side to point out where such authority is found.
I read from the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution of the United States :
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, (or of the Exeeutivo
when the Legislature cannot bo convened,) against
domestic violence."
This provision of the Constitution clearly
and unmistakably by its terms requires the
Government of the United States, when called
upon by a State to aid the State authorities
in suppressing insurrection, to render the aid
asked. If the people of any State entered into
an insurrection or a rebellion against the laws
of that particular State, there would be no
obligation upon the part of the Government
of the United States to interfere for the pur-
pose of suppressing such a rebellion against
the laws or constitution of the State, unless
the Constitution of the United States had
imposed upon the General Government that
obligation. But, sir, it is found written in the
Constitution of the United States that the
national Government, when called upon by
the State authorities, shall aid a State in sup-
pressing insurrection or rebellion. Can it be
argued from this that the Government of the
United States cannot enter the limits of a
State for the purpose of executing the national
authority, for the purpose of enforcing the
laws and Constitution of the United States?
The distinction is as wide as the difference
between the powers of the States and the
powers of the national Government.
Sir, we have from the earliest period of our
history as a nation evidence that the fathers
of the Republic took the same view upon this
subject which I now assume. When Wash-
ington was President of the United States,
when Jefferson was one of his Cabinet officers,
when Hamilton was another member of his
Cabinet, when all the great men who had en-
gaged in making the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and even the men who had parti-
cipated in promulgating the Declaration of
Independence, were administering this Gov-
ernment. they passed laws for the purpose of
executing the powers of the Government of
the United States throughout the several
States.
Now, sir, how shall we better interpret the
Constitution of the United States, or the powers
which are contained in it, than by searching
and finding out what our fathers have done in
the line indicated ; what those who have gone
before us have done, and how they have inter-
preted the Constitution uniformly for a period
of nearly a century. Now, sir, for the pur-
pose of showing this, I propose to call atten-
tion to the laws passed in the early history of
the Republic which will show that this power
has been constantly exercised, and from that
I shall pass to the consideration of the pend-
ing bill.
I desire to call special attention to theseacts,
perhaps more fully than has been done by any
one who has preceded me, for the purpose ot
showing that they have not only been enacted
by Congress, but that they have been reenacted
and reaffirmed by the Government of the Uni-
ted States. The first of these acts to which I
refer is the act of May 2, 1792. I read the
second section of that act:
" That whenever the laws of the United States shall
be opposed, or the execution thereof obstructed m
any State by combinations too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the ordinary course ot judicial proceed-
ings, or by the powers vested in the marshals by this
act, the same being notified to the President oi the
