-142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3.
Ho. o]? Rbps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shanks.
42d Cong.... 1stSess.
upon any State; There is no such record. The
Government of the United States has never
encroached upon a State. There is no such
complaint. There has been no law having that
effect. But there are cases where the States
have encroached on the national Government,
and so manifestly that thirteen of them com-
bined and waged war upon it; and the Gov-
ernment was controlled at that time by men
who held that it could not resist, just as the
Democrats in this House hold to day, so that
it remained for the people to rise up in their
own strength to assert by war the right of the
national Government to protect its own supe-
rior power and their right to make resistance
and to save the Government. And we have
now before us the same old political question,
in the interest of and in concert with the
same men and parly leaders that betrayed us
before. X hope, sir, we will not be called on
to settle it again in the same way.
But 1 desire to offer another reason in sup-
port of this bill. You find gentlemen from the
southern States declaring that there are no
difficulties in these States; you find others
asserting that there are difficulties there. You
find, when you trace that matter, that this
state of affairs presents not only the old preju-
dice of the southern people against the North,
not only the old prejudice of slavery, but also
a new prejudice, created by the fact that some
of the men who stood with them and endeav-
ored by force of arms to maintain a rebellion
against the Government now see lit, when the
rebellion is over, to cease a useless and waste-
ful contest and to support the Government of
the United States. Those men are denounced,
and, when possible, stricken down perhaps
more violently than even the northern men or
the negroes. The line is drawn in principle
and purpose exactly where it was before; the
old doctrine of State rights is now carried
out with the addition of the prejudices arising
from these circumstances and their inability to
restore the former condition of things. The
men who once formed the slave power in this
country, and who now compose the southern
wingot the Democratic party, as they did before
the war, and who have so long controlled the
destimesof American Democracy, making itthe
exactoppositeof that which its name indicates,
and who are the power behind the throne in
these southern outrages, are to the negro asa
retreating army that destroys all its property
that it cannot take with it to keep it from fall-
ing into the Hands of the enemy. So these
men; they were compelled to retreat Irom the
army of liberty, and they now propose to de-
stroy the negro whom they cannot longer hold
as property, rather than he shall become
a political strength with those who set him
l*i ee.
1 now want to call the attention of the House
to some remarks made by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Buck.] 1 do so with all re-
spect; for 1 have very much respect for him.
1 say this in connection with his remarks, be-
cause 1 want, to show the spirit which governs
these men at this time. 1 want to show that
for four years past, while they were in so small
a minority in this House, while the southern
States were being reconstructed and they
wanted the benefit of the clemency of the. Re-
publican party of this House, they were orderly,
(1 use thatterm. of course, withail due respect;)
they were entirely quiet outerly in words, and
treated with respect the power to winch they
looked for the forgiveness of their friends.
But now, when they seem to have more power
here, they become arrogant and domineering,
as were their predecessois and prototypes
before their rebellion.
I call attention to some remarks made by
the gentleman from Kentucky, in which ho
compares Macaulay's description of au Italian
statesman and a Republican statesman. He
says:
"The character of the Italian statesman [substi-
tute Radical and the picture is complete] seems, at
first sight, a collection of contradictions." * *
* * "We see a man whose thoughts and word3
have no connection with each other, who never
hesitates at an oath when he wishes to seduce."
I call the attention of the House to this
description, because there is in it a spirit that
I am not willing to sit here silently and brook.
Speaking of Radicals, by his comparison, he
says:
" We see a man whoso thoughts and words have
no connection with each other, who never hesitates
at an oath when ho wishes to seduce."
I ask the House to remember that this very
gentleman is the one who, upon this floor, intro-
duced a proposition to pardon every man guilty
of the crime of perjury—made perjury by the
treasonable violation of an official oath. Is
this the oath of seduction which the gentle-
man refers to when he makes this quotation?
Sir, it is the one I refer to when I return the
quotation. The men who had taken an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States
and had subsequently gone into rebellion
against the Government are the only men now
who are not pardoned through the magnanim-
ity of this Government, controlled as it was by
the Republican party, The gentleman intro-
duced a proposition to pardon those men, and
yet he reads here as against the Radical states-
men of this country a declaration that only
covers the men whom he seeks to relieve. He
goes on to quote: "who never wants a pretext
when he is inclined to betray." Sir, if there
is any character covered by this proposition it
is that of the men he seeks to relieve, and with
whom he has been and is now acting.
But he quotes:
"His crucltiesspring not from the hent of blood
or tho insanity of uncontrolled power, but from deep
and cool meditation."
Sir, I ask you where the treason of his
fritSnds, the men of the southern States, sprang
from, if it was not from cool meditation and
shrewd political management, lasting for years
consecutively up to the time when, believing
that the doctrine of the effeminacy of the
national Government was fully impressed oil
tho public mind, as they had seen weak men
here submit to the dictation and demands in
that particular, they struck the blow in 18(il,
and fell prostrate under its rebound in 1805?
What baa been tho meditation of this House
and of tho Republican party of this country,
except to devise some plan by which they
could restore these States and their people,
and givo back to them all the rights and
powers which they held prior to the time of
their treason and rebellion ? There is not at
this time in the United Slates a man twenty-
one years of age who cannot vote at the ballot-
box, black or white, rich or poor, Democrat,
loyal man, or traitor; all of tliem can vote,
while there are but few who can not hold office.
The gentleman further quotes :
"His passions, like well-trained troops, aro im-
petuous by rule, and in their most headstrong fury
never forgot the discipline to which they have been
accustomed."
I ask gentlemen to remember this: that for
four years past the passions of that gentleman
were held by rule when he was in a small
minority in this House, and when his friends
were in limbo in the southern States. By rule
he held his temper then, which lie now does
not when he has more power on this floor, but
becomes impetuous by rule. He further quotes:
"Uis whole soul is occupied with vast and com-
plicated schemes of ambition."
Sir, what schemes of ambition have this
Republican or Radical party been occupied
with? It has simply protected the Govern-
ment against attack; and now, having pre-
served it, would not this day be legislating in
this manner were it not that there are bad
men here and elsewhere who have inspired
the people of the South again to do the very
deeds which they have, making this bill neces-
sary. It is the doctrine of national weakness,
individual worthlessness, and party superiority
that makes the people politically reckless and
demoralized, and weakens and disrupts the
bond of national Union among them. For
this teaching the crimes of one rebellion and
its vast consequences are on the hands of the
gentleman's friends.
Again he quotes:
"Hatred and revenge eat into his heart; yet every
look is a cordial smile, every gesture a familiar
caress."
I ask when and where has hatred eaten into
the hearts of men worse than in the case of
those men and their apologists and sympathiz-
ers who to-day would deny the constituted
protection of citizens to those who have sus-
tained the Government in its late struggle for
its life?
He further quotes:
"lie never excites the suspicion of his adversaries
by petty provocations. His purpose is disclosed only
when it is accomplished."
So are their purposes onl y disclosed now when
their work is accomplished; that is, their States
restored and traitors pardoned. I repeat what
I have already said, that this contest for polit-
ical power is animated only by the hope of
controlling the southern States by force, and
thus carrying the next presidential election.
The attacks made by gentlemen on the other
side upon the President have this purpose and
no other. President Grant is not ambitious
for power. IIo asks in his message that the
law may bo limited to expire soon.
But he quotes :
" IIo shuns danger, not beoauso ho is insensible to
shame, but beoauso in the society in which he lives
timidity has ceased to be.shameful."
Let me ask, sir, in what society has timidity
so truly ceased to be shameful as that society
which combines at night to commit devastation
and murder upon innocent,, unsuspecting citi-
zens? Our country remains to-day the only
civilized one in which we see such a state of
society existing; and if there be any associa-
tion of men in which timidity is not shameful,
it is among those banded in secret organiza-
tions to strike at the very roots of civilized
society. Such an imputation does not belong
to the Radicals, who have been open and frank
in all their movements and world wide in their
liberality and grants of equal political privi-
leges.
But he quotes:
"To do an injury openly is in his estimation as
wicked as to do it secretly, and far less profitable."
And he might have said, itis far less danger-
ous. Thus the injuries of these men are com-
mitted secretly, not openly, because it is more
profitable to do them secretly, and not so
dangerous to the perpetrators of the offenses.
He further quotes—■
*' With him the most honorablo means are the
surest, the speediest, and tho darkest, lie cannot
comprehend how a man should scruple to deceive
him whom he does not scruple to destroy."
So these men cannot understand why the
negro should be faithful to them when they
have never seen the hour when they were not
unfaithful to him ; and they are not willing to
trust the blacks, because they have never been
willing to treat them well. They cannot con-
ceive that the negro should not deceive them,
when they have always deceived him. This
passage exhibits precisely the character of the
gentleman's party and friends; it does not
appropriately characterize members on this
side of the House.
But he quotes:
R° would think it madness to declare open hos-
tility against a rival whom he might stab in a friendly
embrace or poison in a consecrated wafer."
