1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. 03? Reps.
This is the conclusion of the description of
an Italian statesman. But it fits exactly the
men who bow down before the Government
while they have no power and are criminals
under a statute of death, but who, so soon as
they have hopes of power, rise to their feet
and stab those who have been their friends.
Like the thawed viper, they bite those who
have warmed them into life. It was a kindred
soirit, I presume, that led the gentleman from
Kentucky to that description of character. It
was not spoken in heat, but read from a book
brought on to this floor for that purpose. He
understood his own condition and sought
Macaulay's description of a statesman of tiie
Catiline school as best suited to his case,
and then, like Catiline, came into the assembly
as one not guilty.
Mr. BECK. Allow me to explain for a
moment what I meant by that.
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman will recollect
I said that a man is not considered fit to be a
great leader of that party until he can come
up to the full measure of Macaulay's descrip-
tion of the Italian statesman, which I read to
show how far the picture is realized by the pro-
posed legislation. And I assure the gentleman
from Indiana that he was not in my mind when
1 was drawing the picture of that gentleman.
Mr. SHANKS. I am happy to know that.
That is a conclusion drawn since I made these
remarks. 1 was not in my own miud when I
made the answer. He is entitled, so far as I
am concerned, to the suggestion, though to
make it he falsely states his own words. I did
not aspire to that position. I hope he does
not. It might be a failure of us both. Let
me say to him, I hope that'little speech was
not intended fi#r Kentucky. The speech made
last on this floor, which in fact I am aware
was made for Kentucky, every gentleman on
this floor will, I think, agree with me, ought
to have been made in Kentucky. This is an
attempt to get out of it by a fling. He com-
pares a Radical statesman to an Italian states-
man. Not a leading Radical. Not a leader.
Heviolates his own record, as will appear by
reference to the report, in order to say what
he has just asked time to say. A correct quo-
tation is better.
He said another thing to which I wish to call
attention. Addressing you he said :
"You know that whenever we—I mean by that
the Democratic party—get possession of the Govern-
ment, as we will unless prevented by the bayonet;
whenever we get hold of the books of the War De-
Sartment, of the Navy Department, of the Treasury
epartment, of the Interior Department, of the Post
Office, and the others, and develop them to the coun-
try, the men who have been prominent in the legis-
lation and administration of affairs in this country
for the last ten years will stmk in the nostrils of ail
the world."
I ask, why has not the Democratic party pos-
session of the Government now? Why does
he refer to their being driven out by bayonets?
It was because the Democratic party was driven
out of the possession of the Government by
bayonets once; and under the same circum-
stances and treasonable conduct the people of
the country would drive them out again, or any
other party which should commit the great
offense of dividing the Government and hold-
ing its possession for mere party purposes.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Kentucky,
when he comes to the books of the War De-
partment, and enters upon their examination,
to consider this question: " What is the reason
for ihe present condition of those books?"
Let him examine those books and learn this
truth: that from November 4, 18G0, down to
March 4, 18G1, almost all the arms which
belonged to this Government were, by the
leaders of the Democratic party, transferred
from the possession of the War Department
into the possession of the southern States, and
were used in the rebellion against us, thus
imposing a heavy burden of expense on the
Government and assisting and abetting seces-
sion and rebellion.
Mr. N1BLACK rose.
Mr. SHANKS. No, I do not suppose you
wish to get into that society.
Mr. NI BLACK. lias my colleague the
authority of Judge Holt for that remark?
Mr. SHANKS. Judge Holt is not in the
books of the War Department, that I have heard
of. I am talking of the books of the War De-
partment, and speak advisedly, without refer-
ence to Judge Holt. A committee of this
House has settled that question.
I wish the gentleman from Kentucky to
remember another thing. Jefferson Davis had
been Secretary of War, and while at the head
of the War Department took steps to produce
the very result which afterward happened in
favor of the rebellion, and that he became
president of the southern confederacy on the
18th February, 1861, and commander-in chief
of the rebel army by reason of holding that
position. I wish him to remember that shortly
before Jefferson Davis was made president of
the southern confederacy these arms, by order
of the War Department, under Buchanan, had
been transferred for treasonable purposes into
the hands of the rebels. 1 wish him to remem-
ber that then for fourteen days, from the 18;h
February to the 4th March, 1861, there were
two Democratic, rebel presidents in the United
States, before Abraham Lincoln was inaugu-
rated President. For fourteen days there
were two rebel presidents holding the same
doctrine as the opponents of this bill do to day,
one commanding in the old United States,
with headquarters here, and the other in the
southern confederacy, established by consent
of Buchanan, of a part of them, with head-
quarters at Montgomery, Alabama.
I have said they were both rebel presidents,
because they held the same doctrine, and one
which is still held by some gentlemen upon
this floor, namely, that this Government has
no power to protect itself. Mr. Buchanan, in
his message of the 4th of December, 1800,
announced to the world, despite his oath of
office, this doctrine, and timidly stated the
ground held by him then and by these gentle-
men now, that the Government had no right
(and if it had it was inexpedient to exercise it)
to protect itself. lie thus embarrassed the new
administration of Mr. Lincoln with the results
of this false and -ruinous declaration, as these
men propose to embarrass this one.
When the gentleman talks about these books
of the War Department, let him remember
these facts, and that all else is the result of
these. lie and his friends applied the torch;
the fire, and its effects, are the results only.
The books of the Navy Department and the
books of theWar Department will show exactly
the same facts, that these Departments, prior to
March 4, 1861, were used for treasonable pur-
poses by the leaders of the Democratic party
when they held possession of the Government,
from which the people drove them because of
their treason and crimes.
He may return to the War Department, and
he will find there a record of 294,410 men
whose lives were sacrificed in the war. He
will find that there fell dead upon the battle-
fields of the country 44,238 loyal men; that
there died 33,900 men from wounds received
in battle at the hands of the men whom he
defends when he takes a stand against the
power of the Government to defend itself. He
will find that 149,043 men died from diseases
incurred while in the service on account of
their service. He will find 11,845 deaths
recorded of men who died from other causes,
as accidents peculiar to the service, and 54,094
deaths from unknown causes, and 30,421 who
died in rebel prisons during the war, and who
died as few men before them ever died or ever
will. These records are all in the WarDepart-
ment, and he who searches for them will find
them there.
And if the gentleman and his party friends
will go to the Treasury Department they will
find that the war was waged in the interest of
the few at the expense of the many, and cost,
in addition to the loss of lives enumerated,
over $6,000,000,000, and the loss of the time
of over a million men for more than four
years, or four million years. The very credit of
the United States was sacrificed in the strug-
gle to uphold the Government, condemned as
it was by that party; and at the very time that
he and his friends congregated in treacherous
conclave in 1864, at Chicago, we were strug-
gling for the very life of the Union, while
they were declaring that the war had been a
failure and the material prosperity of the
nation had been impaired. And he will find
upon those records a condemnation of his and
his party's course in the triumphs of our
armies and the more glorious triumph of the
restoration of those States by law, with the
sound present condition of the public credit,
with our bonds above par.
If he goes to the Department of the Interior
he will find in the Pension Office a long roll
of pensioners, soldiers who received wounds
or contracted disease in the service, and of
the widows and children of those who have
died. He will find that over forty million
dollars are annually paid out in pensions alone
to meet the results of this war.
Let the gentleman put those accounts to-
gether and he will astonish the world with an
exhibition of the manipulations and results of
the most cruel and reckless treason that ever
cursed this country or any other, but which yet
to-day finds men defending it even now upon
this floor.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to call the atten-
tion of the House to some further remarks
which fell from the lips of the gentleman from
Kentucky. His speech was a very peculiar one,
and I listened to it very attentively, and with
more fortitude than patience. The gentleman
went on to say:
"Then we may be able to understand how men on
a salary of but $1,500 a year have been able to build
palatial residences and amass colossal fortunes."
If he can find that from those books he will
find more than I know is in them. And at all
events, if he does find that, he will find at the
same time the patriotic accounts I have been
speaking of; but if he thinks these bad ac-
counts exist, and cannot find them, I will prom-
ise him what assistance I can give to have a
thorough investigation.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a single question ?
Mr. SHANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman will tell me
within $50,000,000 the amount of property
belonging to the Government that has been
sold by the various Departments since the
close of the war, the proceeds of which have
been expended, in addition to all appropria-
tions, without any account being given, if
the gentleman will explain that, I will take
back all I have said about corruption.
Mr. SHANKS. I will assist the gentleman
in getting that information from the Depart-
ments, with a great deal of pleasure. The
gentleman went on to say :
" Many of you dare not allow us to do it, if it can
bo prevented in any way, fair or foul."
Now, I put it to the House, and to the coun-
try, that there has been no application for a
committee of investigation of any Department
of this Government that has been refused.
Since I have been in this House, in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress and in the two last Con-
gresses, I have never heard of a refusal to ap-
point a committee to investigate charges of
fraud brought by any member of this House,
