1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
United States by an associate justice, or the district
judge, it shall bo lawful for the President of the
United States to call forih the militia of such State
to suppress such combinations, and to cause the laws
to bo duly executed; and if the militia of a State
wheresueh combinations may happen shall refuse
or be insufficient to suppress the same, it shall bo
lawful for the President, if the Legislature of the
United States be not in session, to call forth and
employ such numbers of the militia of any other
State or States most convenient thereto as maybe
necessary, and the use of militia so to be called forth
maj be continued, if necessary, until the expiiation
of thirty days after the commencement of the ensu-
ing session."
Nmv, Mr. Speaker, the one great objection
made by gentlemen on the other side to the
pending bill is that it gives to the President
ot' the United States discretion to determine
when this state of things exists which warrants
the ealhng out of the national forces or of the
militia to put down a rebellion. That power
was given to a judge of the United States only
by the first law ever passed upon this subject.
That law places the full authority in any judge
of any United States court to notify the Presi-
dent that such a state of things existed ; and
thereupon the President of the United States
was authorized to call forth the militia, for the
pui pose of suppressing any rebellion that might
exist, anywheie throughout the country,
Mr. SfOUM. I would ask the gentleman,
has not that law been repealed?
^Mr. HAWLEY. Yes, sir. But I shall show
wherein there exists a stronger warrant now
for the President of the United States to exer
cise this power than existed then. And I shall
show the gentleman that it is under a similar
law, one broader in its terms, so far as the
President is concerned, that the great rebel-
lion was crushed out, or at least that the war
was begun, upon the part of the Government.
I shall show that the first seventy-five thousand
men called for by proclamation were called for
by the President of the United States, in pur-
suance of and under the powers granted to him
in the law of 1795, which is a reenactment, in
substance, of the law I have just read.
i call attention to these different acts for the
purpose of showing the powers of the Govern-
ment and the opinion the men of those days
had as to its powers in reference to rebellion.
I read these different acts not simply for the
purpose of showing that Congress passed those
acts, but to show that from time to time they
affirmed those principles by legislation. I call
attention next to the act of 1794.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
a moment for a question?
Mr. HAWLEY. Certainly.
Mr. NIBLACK. Did 1 understand thegen-
tleman rightly as saying that the aet of 1792
authorized President Lincoln to call for the
first seventy five thousand men?
Mr. HAWLEY. I said the act of 1795 was
the authority under which President Lincoln
called for those troops. I shall call attention
presently to the proclamation itself.
Mr. NIBLACK. Was not the act of Pres-
ident Lincoln, in calling out those troops, one
which had to be ratified by Congress?
Mr. HAWLEY. I deny that. 1 will show
by the message of the Presidentof July 4. 1P61,
that he claimed to have full power lor that act.
Mr. NIBLACK. Congress did ratify it, I
believe.
Mr. HAWLEY. No, not that act. It was
not necessary to ratify his action so far as it
related to the call for three-months' volunteers.
But before Congress convened the President
had also issued a call for three hundred thou
saud volunteers to serve for three years. And
that was the act which he asked Congress to
ratify, as there might be some doubt about his
power to make such a call.
Mr. NIBLACK. I merely wanted to call
the attention of the gentleman to the point.
• Mr. HAWLEY. This is the first time I
have heard the point raised, even by gentle-
men on the other side, that President Lincoln
exceeded his power in calling out the three
months' volunteers.
Mr. NIBLACK. I merely wanted to call
the attention of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Hawley] to that point, not to contro-
vert it. or to argue it.
Mr HAWLEY. I will call the attention of
members to the proclamation itself, calling
for seventy-five thousand volunteers for three
months, and also to the message of the Presi-
dent to Congress.
I now call attention to the act of November
29, 1794, for the purpose of showing that Con-
gress not only vested power in the President
of the United States to crush rebellion, but
also authorized the calling out of the militia
for the purpose of crushing a rebellion in but
four counties of a certain State.
It is said that the Government of the United
States cannot invade a State unless called upon
by the proper authorities of a State. I read
this for the purpose of showing that at that
time, when George Washington was the Pres
identof the United States, Congress authorized
him to call forth the militia for the purpose of
crushing a rebellion or insurrection in simply
four counties of one State. The first section
of the act of November 29, 1794, is as follows :
"Be it enacted, &c., That a force not exceeding
twenty-five hundred non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and privates, to be composed of the militia
of the United States, be called forth and stationed
in the four western counties of Pennsylvania, if, in
the judgment of the President, the same shall bo
deemed necessary to suppress unlawful combinations
and to cause the laws to be duly executed: Provided,
That the term of sorvico of any one quota of militia,
to be called into actual sorvico pursuant to this act,
shall not exceed three months after they snail have
arrived at the place of rendezvous."
Now,you will observe that this act vested
power in the President of the United States
to call forth the number of militia indicated
to suppress a rebellion or insurrection in four
certain counties, "if, in his judgment it should
be necessary;" still leaving it to his discretion
to determine whether he should call forth the
militia or not.
•Now I pass to the act of February 28, 1795,
under which, as I said before, Mr. Lincoln
issued his proclamation on the 15th day of
April, 18(31, calling for seventy-five thousand
volunteers for three months. I call special
attention to the fact that the second section
of that act is almost identical with the second
section of the act of 1792, which I read a
moment ago. It differs in this particular:
the act of 1792 authorized the President to
call out the troops upon notification being
made by a judge of a court of the United
States; in this case it authorizes him to call
forth the military force of the United States
at his own instance, when he himself should
find it necessary, for the purpose of crushing
insurrection or rebellion.
The second section of the aet of February
28, 1795, reads as follows:
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the laws of the United States shall be opposed or
the execution thereof obstructed in any State, by
combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings, or by the
powers vested in the mar hala by this act, it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States to call
forth the militia of such State or of any other State
or States, as may be necessary to suppress such com-
binations and to cause the laws to beduly executed:
and the use of the militia so to be called iorth may
bo continued, if necessary, until the expiration of
thirty days after the commencement of the then
next session of Congress."
Thus vesting the discretion in the President
of the United States, and in hisn only, to de
termine when this condition of insurrection or
rebellion existed in any portion of I he coun-
try, and authorizing him, if he found it to exist,
to call forth the military force of the United
States for the purpose of crushing such iiioiir-
rection or rebellion. Now, it will he observed
that this aet authorizes the President simply
to call forth the militia for such purposes.
1 will now call attention to the aet of March
3, 1807, to show that the powers of the Presi-
dent were enlarged in this particular, and that,
he was authorized, when he found such a state
of facta to exist, to call forth, not only the mili-
tia, but the regular Army and Navy of the
United States, for the purpose of crushing
armed rebellion or insurrection wherever it
existed throughout the length and breadth of
the land. That section is as follows:
" That in all cases of insurrection, or obstruction to
the laws either of the United States or ot any indi-
vidual Statoor Territory. where it is lawful fertile
President of the United States to call for'-h the mil-
itia tor the purpose of suppressing such insurrection.,
oroi causing the laws to be duly executed, it shall
be lawful for him to employ for the same purposes
such part of tho land or naval force of the Uni-
ted States as shall be judged necessary, having first
observed all the prerequisites of the law in that
respect."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have searched care-
fully, and from the time of the passage of the
law of 1795 until 1861, I do not find that any
further laws were passed oil the subject.
I turn now to the proclamation of President
Lincoln, issued April 15, 18U1, and I find that,
by its terms, it clearly refers to this law which
1 have cited, and rests upon it as the authority
for issuing the proclamation and calling for
seventy five thousand men. I read from his
proclamation :
" Whereas the laws of the Unitcd States bavebeen
for some time passed, and nowa.re,opposed, and tho
execution thereof obstructed, in the States of South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi,
Louisiana, and Texas, by combinations too power-
ful to be suppressed by the ordinary course ot judi-
cial proceedings, or by the powers vested in tho
marshals by law; now, therefore, X, Abraham Lin-
coln, President of theUnited States, in virtue ot tho
power in mc vested by tho Constitution and the laws,
have thought fit to call forth, and hereby do call
forth, tho militia of the several States of tho Union
to the aggregate number of seventy-five thousand,
in order to suppress such combinations and to cause
tho laws to bo duly executed."
A moment ago, when I alluded to the fact
that this proclamation had been issued, and
that it rested for its authority upon the law
of 1795, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] called ray attention to the fact that
Piesident Lincoln, in his message to Con-
gress, when it convened in pursuance of this
same proclamation, asked Congress to ratify
his action. I stated then that I would cite that
message as sent to Congress on the 4th day
of July, 1861, for the purpose of showing that
President Lincoln did claim to have authority
of law for calling forth, by his proclamation,
the seventy-live thousand men. I read from
that message:
"Recurring to the action of tho Government"—
says President Lincoln—
"it may bo s'ated that, at first, a call was made for
seventy-fivo thousand militia; and rapidly follow-
ing this, a proclamation was issued for closing the
poits ot theinsuirectionaiy districts by proceedings
in the nature of blockade. So fai all was believed to
be strictly legal. At this point the insurrectionists
announced their purpose to enter upon the practice
of privateering."
He then proceeds to state that after this, lie
called for tlnee hundred thousand men for
three years' service, and that it might be
doubtful about his having that power, doubt-
ful for the reason that the law under which he
issued his proclamation of April 15, 1801,
authorized him simply to call forth militia to
serve I hree months; whereas he had afterward
called for three hundred thou-and men to serve
for three years. The distinction is readily
seen, and must be clear to every mind. Jn
one ease President Lincoln acted within the
law and claimed to do so; in the other he
doubted his authori'y.
I have occupied thus much time for the pur-
pose of reviewing all the statutes, and placing
them side by side, to show the powers of the
Govern inent  s they have been exercised here-
tofore. So far as I know, that power was
never questioned until the great rebellion lifted
its head in the South. In the early days of
this Republic, when freedom was supposed to
be of some value in this country, when our
statesmen spoke of the rights of men under
the law, they doubted not the power of the
Government of the United Stares under its
Constitution to crush rebellion or insurrection
against it. It was not until these men of the
South, who had governed the country for more
