1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
388
man has reported a bill, and that Congress is
now contemplating the passage of a bill, which
extends all over the United States the crim-
inal laws of the United States as applicable to
the crimes here named, and as they are now
applied to places over which the United States
has exclusive jurisdiction.
It struck me as a monstrous doctrine. And
I have sincerely regretted that some member
of the committee reporting this bill has not
taken steps to relieve the public mind from
this apprehension. It would clearly be beyond
the authority of Congress, beyond any warrant
of power contained in the Constitution of the
United States, to do what is claimed by many
is the full scope and effect of this section of
this bill. To do that in reference to any one
crime mentioned in this category of crimes
■would be admitting that the Government of
the United States had power to pass laws for
the punishment of any wrong to the person;
and that power I deuy.
While it may be said by some that the Gov-
ernment of the United States ought to have
that power, it is enough for me to say that the
Government of the United States is a Govern-
ment of limited powers. The people of the
United States have not invested that Govern-
ment with so large a power, and, in my judg-
ment, it is not desirable that it should be vested
with any such power. But when there are
conspiracies or combinations to prevent a citi-
zen from exercising rights such as I have men-
tioned^ the right to vote, or the right to hold
office, if you please, under the Government of
the United Slates, then the Governrnentshould
come in and say to those conspirators, "If
you stand in the way of the exercise by this
man of the rights and privileges to which he
is clearly entitled under the Constitution and
laws of the United States, and in pursuance of
such combination or conspiracy shall take
life, then you shall forfeit your life to the
Government of the United States as a punish-
ment for the act which you have committed."
But in a case where a man simply takes the
life of another from personal malice, from
any eause aside from some such cause as that
I have mentioned, then he must be turned
over to the State authorities to be dealt with;
otherwise the result would be that if two or
more should conspire or combine together to
commit assault and battery upon a man, for
the most trifling cause in the world, they would
be liable to be punished in the courts of the
United States. Such trifling offenses in my
State are punished simply by prosecution be-
fore a justice of the peace, and not dignified
by an indictment.'
The second section, thus relieved of any
doubt as to its construction, meets my views;
and I am of opinion that if thus amended it
would not be so severe in its provisions as the
law passed on the 31st of May, 1870. I deem
that law much broader than this. Its punish-
ments are severe, and it is more sweeping and
wide-reaching than this section. I regret that
I have not time to call attention to the first
three sections of this law, which is known as
the enforcement law of May 31, 1870. The
sixth section of that $Kt provides—
"That if two or more persons shall band or conspire
together, or go in disguise upon the public highway,
or upon the premises of another, with intent to vio-
late any provision of this act, or to injure, oppress,
threaten, or intimidate any citizen with intent to pre-
vent or hinder his free exercise and enjoyment of any
right or privilege granted or secured to him by the
Constitution or laws of the United States, or because
of his having exercised the same, such persons shall
be held guilty ot felony, and, on conviction thereof,
shall be fined or imprisoned, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court—the fine not to exceed $5,000, and
theimprisonmentnotto exceed ten years—and shall,
moreover, be thereafter ineligible to and disabled
from holding any office or place of honor, profit,
or trust created by the Constitution or laws of the
United States."
It will be observed from the reading of this
law that it was intended mainly to enforce the
provisions of the fifteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States; but this sec-
tion reaches all "rights or privileges granted
or secured by the Constitution or laws of the
United States."
The term of imprisonmentis the sameas that
provided in this bill, unless the conspiracy shall
culminate in murder, in which case it is pro-
posed, by the second section of the pending bill,
to punish with death the party committing the
crime.
I now desire to call attention to the seventh
and eighth sections of the act of May, 31, 1870.
The seventh section provides—
/'That if in the act of violating any provision in
either of the two preceding sections, any other fel-
ony, crime, or misdemeanor shall bo committed, the
offender, on conviction of such violation of said sec-
tions, shall be punished for the same with such pun-
ishments as are attached to the said felonies, crimes,
and misdemeanors by the laws of the State in which
the offense may be committed."
For any offense different from that which is
mentioned the same character of punishment
found in the statute-books of the respective
States is provided. The seventh section gives
the circuit arid district courts of the United
States exclusivejurisdiction of the offenses here
mentioned.
Let me call attention for a moment to the
first part of the ninth section. It is as follows:
"That the district attorneys, marshals, and dep-
uty marshalsof the UnitedStates, theeommissioners
appointed by the circuit and territorial courts of
the United States, with powers of arresting, impris-
oning, or bailing offenders against the laws of the
United States, a,nd every other officer who may be
specially empowered by the President of the United
States, shall be, and they are hereby, specially au-
thorized and required, at the expenso ot the United
States, to institute proceedings against all and every
person who shall violate tho provisions of this act,
and cause him or them to be arrested and impris-
oned, or bailed, as the case may be, for trial before
such court of the United States or territorial court
as has cognizance of the offense."
It will thus be seen that great powers are
given to the officers of the United States ; and
the number of officers who may be employed
for the purpose of arresting offenders and bring-
ing them to justice may be increased indefi-
nitely. It is also provided that the marshals
and commissioners of the different districts
shall give their aid to such other officers as the
President of the United States shall appoint,
his power not being limited in this respect.
Wepassed this law last year. I have no doubt
about our power to pass it. It is a good law,
and in ray judgment reaches as far as or fur-
ther than the second section of the pending
bill when amended as proposed.
But, sir, my time has nearly expired, and I
must call attention briefly to the third and
fourth sections of the pending bill. After hav-
ing carefully scanned it, in my judgment the
third section is constitutional, and we have the
power to enact it into law. I should myself
favor striking out the words "or other means."
I do not know what other means the President
of the United States ought to be allowed to
employ. But you will observe, by reading the
third section, that the President of the United
States is not to exercise his discretion in inter-
fering in any State, except it be under such
circumstances as that the rights of citizens of
the United States are taken away from them,
except under such circumstances as the failure
of the State authority to execute the law for
any reason whatever, through the unlawful
complicity of the State authorities in favor
of those engaged in certain conspiracies or
insurrection, or from any sueh cause by which
the citizens of the United States are deprived
of those rights mentioned in the first and
second sections.
Under such circumstances, and in such a
case, it is then provided that the President of
the United States shall interfere, with the Army
and Navy if necessary. What does it do if
we enact it into law? It simply provides that
he is not to interfere with the civil authorities,
that he is not to interpose military authority
further than to aid the civil authorities of a
State in executing the laws of the land. He
is required by that same section, under which
he is to go into a State with the Army or Navy,
that it shall be for the purpose of aiding the
State authorities in the execution of the law
for the protection of the citizen; and he'is to
hand over all persons arrested to the civil
authorities, to be dealt with according to law.
He is to aid the civil authorities where they
fail to execute the law, and to see that in such
district the laws of the United States are exe-
cuted. Has not the President this power, or
ought he not to have this power?
We are told by gentlemen on the other side
of the House that if the power be granted to
the President of the United States proposed
by this bill he will be a despot, a dictator;
that he will override the liberties of this great
people. Why should he do so? Not because
he shall execute the laws, but, if he shall do
this thing, it will be because he will disregard
the law and override the law. Sir,-why shall
wo say this great chieftain, who marched at the
head of more than a million men, will seek for
a pretext to call out the militia in one or two
or more States in order to subvert the liberties
of the American people, when we know there
was a day when he stood at the head of an
army composed of a million veteran soldiers,
and yet at the behest of the civil power this
great army melted away like the dew before
the morning sun?
This great chieftain, who saved the country
in thetime of its peril and danger, was by the
American people exalted to the highest place
within the reach of any man upon this earth.
The people, seeking to honor him by giving
him the highest place, exalted him to the Pres-
idency. Shall it be said because we passed
a law which is constitutional, and which we
have t.he(power to pass, he is going to subvert
the law, that he is going to take the occasion
to defy and disregard this particular law for
the purpose«of overturning the Constitution
and the laws of the United States? Nothing
can be more preposterous; nothing to my mind
is more absurd than such a position. Is he
not the commander of the Army andtheNavy?
Is it not within his power to call out the Army
and Navy in defense of the civil law? Why
shall it be said, then, that he will seek for a
pretext like that we have heard stated?
This third section contemplates the same
condition of things contemplated in the sec-
ond section except thatit goes to a still greater
extent, and that is, when such combinations
shall have taken up arms and defy not only
the authority of the State but of the nation.
Shall it be said that the President of the United
States, when the government of a State is in
complicity with the rebellion, has not power to
call out the Army and Navy within the limits
of that State to execute the law? But I do not
believe the emergency has arisen such as ought
to move us to grant to the President of the
United States power to declare martial law in
any part of the country. I do not believe that
will meet with the approbation of the Ameri-
can people, and 1 think that part ought to be
stricken out of the bill.
In speaking on this bill I am expressing my
own views and indicating what 1 wish done,
in order that I may cheerfully and cordially
support it._ I have taken considerable pains
to ascertain what are the views of other
gentlemen who will be called to act oil this
measure. I believe it will meet the views of
a large majority of the House, as it will meet
the views of a large majority of the people
of the country, if we strike out that clause
which gives to the President of the United
States the power I have indicated. Without
that there ought to be no objection to it. It
seems to me there ought to be power given
to the President of the United States to enter
the limits of any State to crush out insurrec-
tions, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies
such as are mentioned in this section.
Mr. Speaker, in my own judgment, a man
less timid to assume power, or more fond
of exercising the power which he possesses,
than is the present Executive of this Govern-
ment might find the means, without calling for
