384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
further legislation, to crush any rebellion or to
suppress any discord in any State. The Exec-
utive says to Congress that there are disorders
in the country at the present time such as
impede the execution of the laws ot' the Uni-
ted States and require further legislation of
Congress. There were men who went before
him, occupying the executive chair, who would
have found sufficient authority in the Constitu-
tion and laws to go into any State and crush
out any rebellion or insurrection; who, if men
exercising the duties of carrying the mails in
the country or engaged in collecting the rev-
enues of Government, were set upon by mobs
and whipped and driven away, would have
found sufficient authority under the Constitu-
tion and laws to enter with the military power
of the Government within the limits of those
States and at once have executed the laws by
suppressing such conspiracies or insurrections.
But, sir, the President df the United States,,
the man occupying that high office, calls upon
Congress for further legislation. The peculiar
circumstances in which we are now placed he
deems to be such as to demand it. We are
not threatened, perhaps, with a rebellion such
as we had in 1801, but there is insurrection
over different parts of the country; not, per-
haps, having that concert of action which there
was formerly, but there is u lixed purpose, in
my judgment, in some of the southern States
of the Union, on the part of those who were
lately in rebellion, to drive the Union men out
of the South.
Now, sir, how shall we account for the fact
that within these last six months organizations
have been combined together, that their num-
bers have been increasing, that they have been
killing and murdering all over the South, and
creating a reign of terror such asJias not before
existed since the war? 1 think 1 can find a
reason for all this. Men desired to accom-
plish by legislation all that could be accom-
plished for the purpose of advancing their
schemes. They have lain quiet to a certain
extent, until they could get all these States
reconstructed, until they got all their men
into Congress, until they got their constitu-
tions recognized by the Government of the
United States. And having done that, they
now wish to get control of these several States,
mid with that viuiv tliey seek to drive out the
Union men of the South by inaugurating in
many parts of that section of our country a
reign of terror. Sir, the Government owes it
to itself, it owes it to the Union men of the
South, to see that they are fully protected in all
the rights secured t,o them by the Constitution
and laws of the United States. If the arm of
the Government is not now strong enough to
do this let us strengthen it.
W r. LE \V 1S. M t\ Speaker, I am aware that,
on account of iny supportof the southern cause
during the late civil war, what I may say is
somewhat liable to the unfriendly strictures
of those still controlled by their prejudices,
and that there are some men, though I hope
very few, who not only he in wait for but
habitually strive to provoke from men in my
situation imprudent speeches and acts to be
heralded as evidences ot continued and una-
bated disloyalty, and to be used as excuses
for further unfriendly legislation against the
South. For that, among other reasons, I have
not hitherto participated in debate. But, sir,
as this bill now under consideration is one of
unusual harshness and cruelty, and aimed at my
own as well as the southern States, neither my
feelings nor sense of duty allow me to be silent.
Mr. Speaker, before proceeding to discuss
the merits of this bill, £ intend to call the
attention of the country to the manuer in which
it has been brought before the House, that the
people may better judge the purposes of those
who favor it aud become acquainted with the
influences brought to bear to procure its pas-
sage.
I. ia well known that at the last session of
the Forty-First Congress a leading member of
the House of Representatives [Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts] reported a bill designed to
accomplish the same objects claimed for the
one now before us, and for the purpose of
remedying the same alleged evils. Although
that bill evidenced more malignity on the part
of its author than this one, and was by its terms
partial and not general in its application, it
nevertheless was practically but little, if any,
moie severe in its provisions, and not one
particle more subversive of the rights of the
citizen or inimical to the true principles of
the Government. That bill failed to pass the
last Congress, although more than two thirds
of the members were Republicans.
Very soon after the meeting of this Congress
a bill, stated to be of a similar character, was
presented by the same member; but with so
little favor was it received the House would
not even deign to print it. Sir, so decided and
manifest was the aversion of a majority, or at
least a large number, of the Republican mem-
bers of this body to the passage of a bill of
this character, or, in fact, any bill relating to
the pretended disorders in the South, at this
session at least, that they united with the Dem-
ocrats and on four several occasions passed
resolutions iu favor of an immediate adjourn-
ment of Congress.
Sir, the decided opposition of Republicans
to such legislation at the present session was
not only manifested by their votes, but also by
speeches. Among others the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
in a speech, on the 17th of March, earnestly
deprecated the attempt of his colleague [Mr.
Butler] to force upon Congress such legisla-
tion. 1 read from that speech :
" I marvel attherighthe assumes to say thatlhave
any less anxiety, any less desire than ho has to seek
out a proper remedy for the evil that has had its
origin back in the years of trouble and distress
through which wo have passed, and which through
legislation, aud abundant legislation, with all tho
powers of legislation, at all tunes has boen growing
worso and worse until to-day. and confronts us in
this li our worse than over. It has oceurrod to mo,
Mr. Speaker, that tho great difficulty was and the
lesson lor us to study was wliother it was a lack of
legislation or a lack of administration that has
brought this evil upon us, and whother it was not
possibio that the poor, sick, dying patient had been
doctorcd to death already, and whethorsomeohange
in the treatment might not possibly result in some
good offoets," * * ,i! * * * *
"As X have already said, we have had the power;
wo havo made whatever laws havosoemcd to us good.
My distinguished colloaguo has stood at the head of
a committee, for one Congress at least, and I do not
know but for two Congresses, with an overwhelming
majority at his back; and ho has legislated to his
heart's content. And has it not suggested itself to
my colloaguo that it were worth whilo to inquire
whether, under such troatment, and with the patient
growing worse and worse, it woro not better to try
some other modo, even if it bo but an experiment?"
Mr. Speaker, the extract I have just read
affords inn very great pleasure on account of
the sincere sympathy manifested for the South,
"the poor, sick, dying patient" of Radical
doctors. And, sir, considering the command-
ing position of the gentleman, the country may
congratulate itself he has at last discovered
" the patient growing worse and woise" under
the treatment received for the last six years,
and has the candor and courage to recommend
some other treatment. If the gentleman will
only elaborate those views in a speech in
opposition to the bill now under consideration
he will justly earn the thanks of the country
and do himself great credit.
Mr. Speaker, it also afl'ords me sincere pleas-
ure to read an extract from the speech of an-
other distinguished member of the Republican
party, [Mr. Blair, of Michigan,] made at the
same time and upon tho same subject.
" Mr.Maynard. I would further inquire whether
he docs not think it requires us to do something?
" Mr. Blair, of Michigan. Enough is shown to
invite tho Congress of the United States at the next
session to a most careful consideration and action in
this whole matter,' and I am willing to tell tho gen-
tleman that I do not believe any law we can pass
here will be worth a stravv to remedy the evils which
exist in the South.
"Mr. Buckley. If wehave laws enough now upon
tho statute-book, who is responsible tor those laws
not being executed? If there are enough laws for
the protection of life and property, who then is re-
sponsible for the murders, assassinations, and other
outrages perpetrated ?"
"Mr. Blair, of Michigan. I hear the question of
the gentleman from Alabama, and I should be glad
if he would answer it himself. Iam obliged to 6ay
that in my judgment the difficulty is with the peo-
ple there, who are themselves responsible for the
local government, and something more must bedone
than mere enactments by the Congress of the United
States. The question is one of great delicacy and
difficulty. Gentlemen mustremember that the local
administration of justice is committed to the States
and not to the United States; and we cannot, at
our own mere will and pleasure, oust the States of
their jurisdiction. If crimes against, the lives and
property of the citizens are not punished in any of
the States it gives occasion for the most serious con-
cern. But shall we therefore proceed to make laws
and execute them in defiance of the constitutional
authority of the States? How far does the power of
Congress extend in this direction? This is a very
grave inquiry."
As appears from the extract just read this
gentleman was then not only opposed to any
bill on the subject, but gave it as his deliber-
ate opinion that "any law we can pass here
will not be worth a straw to remedy the evils
at the South." Moreover, I was on that occa-
sion rejoiced to hear from such high Repub-
lican authority the old-fashioned but correct
doctrine announced, " that the local admin-
istration of justice is committed to the States
and not to the United States; and we cannot
at our own mere will and pleasure oust the
States of their jurisdiction." 1 congratulated
myself that thereafter he would battle with
Democrats and conservative men against all
such dangerous legislation as this bill. Of
course, Mr. Speaker, I am not required to
reconcile that speech with the one made a
few days ago by the same gentleman in favor
of this bill.
I might, as further evidence of the opposi-
tion at that time of the leading conserva-
tive Republicans to any legislation at this ses-
sion, read from the celebrated philippic of the
Speaker of the House against the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] the leader
in all this mischievous legislation, but as that
discourse has gone into history and the Speak-
er's victim has gone into retiracy, it is need-
less to do so.
Now, sir, I want to know, after these recent
repeated and solemn declarations to the coun-
try, both by votes and speeches, that no further
legislation in respect to the alleged disturb-
ances at the South is needed or ought to be
made, how this House can now justify itself
in passing this measure, the most dangerous
and revolutionary in its character of any yet
enacted ?
BVom the 4th to the 23d of March Congress
remained in session, at the public expense,
contrary to public expectation and against the
public will, doing literally no business what-
ever, the whole time being consumed by a
discussion between the more moderate and
conservative Republicans who favored an ad-
journment and the ultra members of that party
whodemanded more legislation, thatthere may
be more strife and more persecution of the
unhappy South.
When it became manifest that the conserva-
tive Republicans, aided by the Democrats, had
the power to force an ^adjournment, and the
country began to feel assured no further mis-
chief would be done this session, the President,
hitherto profoundly unconscious of or else pro-
foundly indifferent to the existence of any facts
worthy to be communicated, unexpectedly to
all, on the 23d of March favored us with a mes-
sage, in which Congress is informed that a con-
dition of affairs exists in some of the States,
rendering life and property insecure, and the
carrying of the mails and the collection of the
revenue dangerous. He doubts having the
necessary power under existing laws, and rec-
ommends the needed legislation. The result
of that message is this bill.
Sir, as it is not pretended any new or start-
ling event has occurred since the 4th of March
important for Congress to know, or that any
sudden emergency has arisen, the (Question isj
