1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
why the delay on the part of the President in
regard to a matter of the magnitude he states
the subject of his message to be ? The Presi-
dent asks Congress for more power. Did he
ever before delay or hesitate to ask that ? Sir,
these circumstances authorize me to say that
if this bill is passed at all it will be the result
of executive dictation, made to farther the
schemes of the ultra wing of the Republican
party, and in the supposed interest of that
party and not the country. And those men
favoring this bill, who so frequently and un-
equivocally protested and pronounced against
any such legislation, will invite, nay, provoke,
the public j udgment that the rights of the States
and of the citizens and the Constitution of
the country are all subordinate to party neces-
sities and party behests.
Mr. Speaker, it is not my intention to dis-
cuss at much length the constitutional ques-
tions presented by this bill, but I shall content
myself with a few general observations on
that branch of the subject; for its palpable
violations of that instrument have been clearly
shown by gentlemen who have preceded me.
This bill is but a continuation of the series
of acts passed by Congress since the war, form-
ing a code of laws, in my judgment, without
example for injustice and intolerance in any
representative Government. Though of a kin-
dred nature, it is in advance of any step yet
taken toward the final result contemplated,
which is, in my opinion, nothing less than a
consolidated despotism here at the capital,
and the absorption by the Federal Government
of all the rights and powers of the States, if not
an obliteration of State lines.
Sir, this bill is a systematic and apparently
studied attack upon our form of government.
It destroys essential and necessary safeguards
to the life and liberty of the citizen. It ignores
the sovereign rights and nullifies the laws of
the States, though passed in obedience to the
Constitution, and puts in jeopardy the officers
of the States, though in the conscientious dis-
charge of their duties, and lodges in the hands
of the President powers that cannot be safely
intrusted to him or any other one man.
By the firstsection, in certain cases, thejudge
of a State court, though acting under oath of
office, is made liable to a suit in the Federal
court and subject to damages for his decision
against a suitor, however honest and conscien-
tious that decision may be ; and a ministerial
officer is subject to the same pains and penal-
ties, though simply executing the process of a
State court, about which he has no discretion,
and the legality of which he has no right to
question.
By the second section the Federal Govern-
ment ousts the States and assumes jurisdic-
tion of offenses committed within the limits
of the States, which have heretofore been left
in their exclusive control, and the control of
which the Constitution has denied to the Uni-
ted States. But, in addition to this usurpation,
by that section all the analogies of the common
law are ignored, and offenses treated in all the
States and everywhere else as misdemeanors
are by this bill made felonies, and punishments
prescribed of unexampled severity and out of
all proportion to the offenses; thus violating
one of the most vital principles of the law. By
the third section the President is invested with
the dangerous power of using at his discretion
the Army and Navy of the United States within
the limits of the States for purposes and under
circumstances that there is 110 warrant for
anywhere in the Constitution.
By the fourth section the President at his
discretion may adjudge and determine that
unlawful combinations exist in a State ; that
they are so numero«s and powerful as to be
able by violence to set at defiance the consti-
tuted authorities of the State; and if he be of
opinion, or chooses to assume, the conviction
of the offenders and the preservation of the
public safety are impracticable, power is given
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 25.
him to declare the existence of a rebellion
against the Government of the United States,
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, and de-
clare martial law ; and if he shall be of opinion,
or shall choose to assume, that the authorities
of such State are in complicity with such com-
binations, the writ of habeas corpus as to them
may be suspended, and martial law enforced
against them. Thus, sir, by a proper con-
struction of this bill, astounding as it may
seem, the discretionary power is given to the
President to invade a State with the military
forces, suspend the writ of habeas corpus as to
all the officers of the State, from Governor
down, and enforce martial law against them.
Sir, lam not authorized to say the provision
of the bill giving this power to the President
is inserted by mistake, for it is in accordance
with declarations made upon this floor during
this discussion and by Senators. Sir, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. KBLLEY,]in
the course of his speech the other day, let fall
some expressions indicating feelings I had
hoped the bitterest enemy of the southern
people did notentertain, andstated alegal prop-
osition which, I am sure, must be startling to
the country. "Sir," said he, referring to the
condition of affairs in South Carolina, "we
are in the midst of war; this is war. The
Ku Klux ought to be tried as spies or rebels
in arms by drum-head court-martials and exe-
cuted." Sir, such declarations do not en-
courage peace, harmony, and tranquillity, but
hatred and strife. But, sir, I was equally sur-
prised and shocked when I heard him announce
the preposterous and atrocious proposition of
law that the paroled rebel soldier six years after
his parol was given is still amenable to martial
law and subject to military trial.
Sir, there is no crime so heinous that I
would wish to see punished in any other way
than according to the law of the land, nor is
there any man so vile that I would wish to
deprive him of a fair trial by a jury of his peers.
It has been given out, in more than one speech
advocating these harsh measures, that the
difficulty of punishing crime in the South is
not so much because they cannot be arrested,
as it is because grand juries will not indict and
petit juries will not convict. These statements
are made to prepare and reconcile the people in
the North to summary trials of the southern
people by military tribunals and swift execu-
tion ; they are made to justify this bill and
others of a kindred nature, that places the lives
and liberties of the citizens at the mercy of
courts-martial organized by order of the Pres-
ident.
Mr. Speaker, if this law be tested by a strict
construction of the Constitution, which, after
all, is the only correct, safe, and rational mode
of determining the powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment, there is no pretense of warrant for
it. If it be tested by the adjudications of the
courts, it is radically wrong. If it be tested
by the theory upon which the Government is
built, as defined by the sages who made the
Constitution and practiced by our fathers, it is
pernicious. If it be tested by the common
understanding of the people, they revolt at
such despotic power over the citizen as is con-
ferred by it and such a shameless assimilation
to monarchy as it presents. It is only when
tested by the tenets and professions of the ultra
Republicans that it finds favor; for their pro-
fessions partake rather of cant than the true
ring of patriotism, and their tenets lead us away
from the God of justice, wisdom, and charity
to the Moloch of Radicalism.
But, sir, there is one other test, better than
the creeds of parties or the professions of
pseudo patriots: it is the preamble to the
Constitution of the United States, created and
consecrated by the founders of the Govern-
ment, and written on the heart of every lover
of free institutions. I read it:
"We the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish j ustice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense. promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
United States of America."
It is a touchstone by which to test the con-
stitutionality as well as justice and expediency
of all legislation, it comprehends all theduties
and rights of the citizen. "It is the essence,
the epitome of the whole instrument, by which
the Government is ordained and created, and
its purposes, authority, and duty established."
It is to the Constitution what the Decalogue is
to the Bible. Not one word need be added,
not one can be taken from it without marring
the whole, and to blot from it an idea is to
murder free government. No law ought to
stand that does not fully, completely, and in
all its parts harmonize with it, and to continue
a law that antagonizes it is sheer wickedness.
In theory this bill does not promote any one
of the purposes of Government enumerated in
that preamble, but subverts them all. Instead
of a perfect union, it tends to discord between
the two races and alienation between the sec-
tions ; instead of justice, which is only to be
had in a peaceful enforcement of wholesome
State laws, itsubverts such laws, hinders and in-
timidates civil officers, and subjects the citizen
to military tribunals controlled by no laws ;
instead of domestic tranquillity, it breeds dis-
content on account of its harshness ; instead
of the general welfare, it is an instrument for
party supremacy and party and sectional ven-
geance ; instead of providing for the common
defense, it tends to divide and weaken; and
instead of securing the blessings of liberty, it
makes over us all an irresponsible despotism.
If, sir, the effect of this bill is to be the same
as other measures of a similar character here-
tofore'enacted and enforced, then we know
from experience it will breed evil and nothing
but evil. So far as the judgment that is to
be pronounced by the indignant people upon
the wisdom and justice of the policy hereto-
fore adopted by Congress toward the south-
ern States is concerned, it makes no difference
whether that policy has proved a success or
failure, That judgment will be against those
who inaugurated, and, with the lights before
them, still continue it.
Either they recklessly and maliciously per-
sist in a policy shown to be a failure by facts
alleged by themselves to exist, or else they
slander the southern people and inflame the
North for the purpose of keeping the Repub-
lican party in power. It is impossible for those
who advocate this bill to escape the dilemma.
If the harsh measures adopted have accom-
plished what the originators of them claimed
they would, and assured the country they
desired, why do we have a message from the
President informing us life and property are
still insecure; that both the State authorities
and the President are powerless to correct the
evils? Why to all the other wrongs and in-
juries heaped upon the helpless people of the
South is now added slander? Why is so often
presented in the American Congress the sick-
ening spectacle of Representatives and Sen-
ators bearing false witness against their own
constituents? Ah I Mr. Speaker, too often
are we here reminded of the old adage, "It is
a dirty bird that befouls its own nest."
Sir, let those who are determined to continue
hostile legislation, if they will, scatter broad-
cast over the country their false and exagger-
ated accounts of southern disorders and rebel
outrages; let them cumulate proof of law-
lessness and disorders. So -much the more it is
done, so much surer and more signal will be
the condemnation of such laws, and the authors
of them. Just and fair-minded men everywhere
will unite to drive from power a party that in
the first instance committed the blunder, if not
crime, of fastening* upon the country an un-
constitutional, anti-republican, and vindictive
code of laws, and continuing it after experience
has shown not only its cruelty and oppressive-
