1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14?
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. of Reps.
subject. Let the House observe what he says
and see whether it was proper, after this mes-
sage. that the people should laugh at it and
forget it, as the gentleman from Kentucky said
they did :
44State op Kentucky, Executive Department,
Frankfort, JanuuryBl. 1871.
Gentlemen of the Senate and House of Representatives :
"A rumor reached ine three days ago that an at-
tempt at personal violence upon the mail agent on
the downward train of the Lexington and Louis-
ville railroad had been made on the 26th instant,
by some unknown person or persons, at North Ben-
son depot, in Shelby county.
"I waited a day, hoping that some official state-
ment would be made to me of this reported act of
violence.
" Receiving none, I directed the adjutant general
of the State to dispatch some reliable agent to North
Benson, ascertain the facts attending tho alleged
assault, and report immediately. My request was
promptly complied with, and I now transmit the
written report of the adjutant general touching this
attempted assault upon the mail agent at that
place."
I have not that report, but I have the bal-
ance of the message accompanying the report;
and it goes on :
"No recommendation from me is necessary, I
trust, to call forth promptly from you an indignant
rebuke of this open violation, both of the laws of
the United States and those of Kentucky.
"You owe it to both governments promptly to
enact such laws as will tend to the capture of the
offenders, aud certainly prevent the recurrence of
any attempt in thefuture by bad men upon any offi-
cer or agent, of the Federal or State government.
"As the Chief Magistrate of this Commonwealth I
have no power to take any step under the present
law for the arrest or apprehension of these lawless
offenders upon one of the most important agencies
of the United States Government.
" I do nut possess the power to offer a reward for
their apprehension, unless requested to do so by the
civil authorities of the county within whose terri-
torial limits the alleged offense was committed. 1
have no authority to order out.either aeivil posse or
a militiaforce for the arrest of these men, except at
tho request of the civil authority, and none such has
been made ui>ou me."
Here is the difficulty. There was no law.
He sends to the Legislature for a law. The
Legislature does not make a law. He has to
depend upon the civil authority, and the civil
authority lies dumb before the violators of
law, and the mails are exposed—the very thing
which we charge to-day, for which this bill i.s
provided j for through the southern States that
state of affairs exists. The civil authorities lie
dumb before the violators of law. The peo-
ple suffer by it, and yet, I suppose, they will
forget it and laugh at it.
The Governor goes on to say:
"The highest and most solemn duty of the General
Assembly is to apply some prompt correct,ive to the
increasing spirit of insubordination to law and the
open and daring attempts by bad men at its over-
throw. I have too recently expressed at length my
opinion on this subject to require repetition."
On the 27th day of December he had sent a
message to the Legislature, notifying it of the
increased violence throughout the State, and
asking them to provide against these things.
I shall quote that hereafter. He now calls
attention to that message, and repeats what he
had there said, asking the Legislature to take
steps to prevent increasing violence in that
State.
"If our present laws are defective, amend
them." Remember what these men have said
about the dictation of President Grant. I ask
them to remember the language of the mes-
sage of General Grant, in which he says to this
House, "It may be proper, it may be neces-
sary." I read the language of the Governor
of Kentucky upon the question, in order to show
the different styles of these men :
"If our present laws are defective, amend them.
If now one? are demanded by public exigencies,
promptly enact them. If the means and exigencies
for the execution of the laws are defective and ineffi-
cient, then support them, and confer upon the State
officials charged with their execution that discretion
and authority to enforce obedity^ce."
That was his language, but the Legislature
did not heed it. Why? Because it was com-
posed of men coming from different parts of
the State in which these organizations existed,
who were controlled by this organization, so
that when their attention was called to it by the
Governor they stood dumb before the men who
sentthem there. This organization at home held
them quiet in spite of the calls of the Governor
of the State and the necessities of the case ; a
proof that it is necessary for the national Gov-
ernment to reach where the State government
will not protect them. The Governor further
says:
"The Constitution of the United States, which
created the G-overnmeut of the Union, has made it
wholly independent of the States for tho execution
of the powers assigned to it. Itsmeansareadequate
to its ends."
That seems contrary to what the gentlemen
say now. They say the means are notadequate
to the ends, but the Governor says they are ;
and he adds:
"It looks, therefore, to no State government or
State agency for the accomplishment of its constitu-
tional objects.
"But while this is true, it is the paramount duty
of every State.in the American Union to lend their
prompt and ready assistance for the protection and
safe accomplishmentof all constitutional ends of tho
Federal Government within their territorial limits."
And yet the State does not do it. This Legis-
lature is palsied because the men who compose
that Legislature are held in subjection by this
organization. We therefore ask for this bill in
order to relieve the people from the control of
combinations and Legislatures of that kind.
I now call attention to the instructions given
by Judge Bruco of the circuit court of Ken-
tucky, a Democrat in good standing, who makes
his charge to the grand jury of his circuit,
and in which he not only admits but declares
the existence of the very combination which
gentlemen to-day have denied. This is his
charge:
" I shall now, gentlemen, call your attention to a
specific crime, which, I have been pained to learn,
and am sure you are pained to know, has been com-
mitted in this county, in your very midst; yes. in
tho midst of one of the most intelligent and law-
abiding communities on this continent. But by
whom committed, or whence the dastardly and fiend-
ish perpetrators came, or whither they went, I have
not the slightest information. You already under-
stand me as alluding to the diabolical murder of
Jacob Lighter, but a short time since, within five
miles of this court-house. I understand that a
numerous party of men, perhaps it were better to
say fiends, came to his mother's house in the dead
hour of night, decoyed him out of it, took him to
the woods, aud hung him; then returned and had the
ci uelty to crush his old mother's heart by telling her
what, ihey had done; and his murdered dead body
was accordingly found suspended, lifeless, to a tree,
as they had said.
"Now. I know this foul deed has been neither
countenanced nor approved by this community, but
has been condemned by this entire community as it
were with one voice. Yet it is a disgrace, not to this
community especially, but to the State, that such a
murderous outrage should be committed herewith
perfect immunity. It is a burning disgrace to tho
civilization of this age and country. So 1 charge
you specially, gentlemen, to give this ioul crime a
most rigid and searching investigation. If necessary
to do so, remain in session during the whole term
of this court; and if you feel that you can give any
tangible and available information by it, you have
the right, and it is your duty, to summon as wit-
nesses before you every man, woman, and child in
the county, yes, even from theuttermost counties in
the State. Leave no stone unturned to discover the
fiendish perpetrators of thi* great crime. Under
your solemn oaths you owe this not alone to your-
selves, but to this community, to the Stale at large,
and to humanity itself, crving throughout the land
for protection from tho midnight—yes I am sorry to
say—and daylight assassin and murderer.
" Thesame class ot law-breakers and outlawshave
been committing other infamous outrages through-
out the country, which I am sorry tho laws do not
denounce as felonious. They amount only to the
offense known by our law as assault and battery,
punishable by fine and imprisonment in the countv
jail within tho discretion of the trial jury, and
theretore by the law treated only as a misdemeanor.
But I am persuaded that could a ease be made out
against one of their guilty perpetrators before an
intelligent Shelby county jury, his punishment, if
not condign, would at least be made exemplary. An
instance of this character of offense has recently
occurred in the neighborhood in which the murder
just adverted to was perpetrated. A band of these
cowardly and infamous wretches visited the cabin
of an old defenseless negro, and without any provo-
cation whatsoever, as far as I can learn, took him
out of his humble home and beat him in a most mer-
ciless manner. This outrage, as the other, should
command your most earnest attention. If you can
get any clue to the guilty paities, follow it up with
the most thorough and searching investigation until
you discover and indict the criminals. This is the
most cowardly, fiendish, and unpardonable class of
criminals with which the State is curscd; and they
are generally called Ku Klux. They seem to have
some kind of organization, ilow they originated,
or of whom they aie composed, I have never been
able to learn; nor what their particular object is I
am unable to divine, unless we infer it from their
acts.
"I think it very likely that some well-meaning
but misguided persons may once have been connected
with them, but 1 am sure that none such are now,
unless it is by intimidation and coercion. Their in-
famous acts seem to be leveled at both white and
black citizens, though more frequently at the latter,
because they are probably the more helpless. Judg-
ing their characters and objects from their acts, I
should infer that they are generally men of the most
abandoned characters; in other words, thieves, rob-
beis, and inurdeiers ; and' their objects, in part the
gratification of a base, unmanly prejudice against
a generally peaceable, unoffending, and, to some ex-
tent, helpless portion ot our population, but chiefly
plunder, by stealing, and robbing whoever they can.
And in the accomplishment of these objects, I appre-
hend, they frequently think, in order to escape de-
tection, it is necessary to commit the horrible crime
of murder. It, is not at nil improbable thatthepoor
young man, Jacob Lighter, fell a victim to this be-
lieved necessity on their part.
" X am aware that it is sometimes urged in justifi-
cation of lynch law, so called, that our laws are im-
perfect, and not property executed. This is unques-
tionably true, and must needs be so. Our laws are
made by fallible human legislators, expounded by
fallible human judges, and executed by fallible
officers, and it would be strange indeed if our laws
were not defective and imperfectly executed. But
this is no excuse for violating them, such as they
are. Tne very worst law is better than no law. Let
every man take tho vindication of his rights, the
redress of grievances, and the punishment of offenses
into his own hands, not regarding the laws of the
land, and what is the result ? Each man arrayed m
deadly strife against the other 1 A universal war
resulting in extermination, unless arrested by estab-
lishment and maintenance of some kind of law.
Gentlemen, every good citizen, ot the most ordinary
capacity, must see the necessity of observing, main-
taining, aud enforcing the law. Address yourselves
earnestly and fearlessly to these grave matters. Be-
lieving there is no other subject to which I should
call your .special attention, you can retire to your
room and enter upon the discharge of your import-
ant and le&ponsible duties."
It is against this very state of affairs shown
by the condition of things in Kentucky that
we are asking the passage of this measure.
There is a Legislature there iti session, and
when the evidence is given of the character of
this organization by the Governor of the State,
speaking the language required of one in his
position, and telling the Legislature that they
should pass laws to enable him to keep order,
they leluse to comply with his request aud go
home without taking any steps to protect lbs
State against tho outrages to which their atten-
tion has been called. 1 state that the members
of the Legislature are under the influence of
this combination which is controlling these
States for political purposes, which combina-
tion is backed up by the cheers and sympathies
ot the Democratic party of the North, and finds
great support iu the speeches in this House,
and in none more than m the one delivered by
the gentleman from Kentucky, a few state-
ments of" which I have answered.
Mr. Speaker, the animosity of the gentleman
from Kentucky toward the Administration is
proven by another exhibition of it made in re-
lation to this same post office matter. On the
17th ot March the Second Assistant Postmas-
ter General directed to the gentleman from
Kentucky the following letter of inquiry touch-
ing the subject:
Post Office Dj:i-aktmkxt,
Coxtbact Office.
Washington, Mnroh 17,1871.
Sir: The Postmaster tieneral, desiring to reestab-
lish the mail service on the Louisvilleand Lexington
railroad between theeities of Louisville and Lexing-
ton, Kentucky, as soon as can be with safety to the
agents in charge of them, directs me to inquire
