18*71.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Reps.
of Congress passed to protect its citizens or
to punish offenses committed within those
places over which, by the Constitution, the
United States had exclusive jurisdiction. The
decision of the court is sufficiently significant
for my purpose now. First, it sustained its
own jurisdiction ; and, second, it sustained the
action of the Virginia courts.
It seems to me that the bust of Chief Justice
Marshall which adorns this Capitol, if it could
be animated with life, would indignantly de-
nounce the gentleman from Ohio for saying
that his was a fair or an honest quotation from
the decision of the court. He quotes " they
are members of one great empire," and there
places a period, as if that were the end of the
sentence, when in reality and in fact the Chief
Justice there places a dash, and adds "for
some purposes sovereign, for some purposes
subordinate."
I will insert the quotation as it reads in the
decision:
"America has chosen to bo, in many respects and
to many purposes, a nation; and for all these pur-
poses. her Government is complete; to all these ob-
ject* it is competent. The people have declared
that in the exercise of all powers given for these
objects it is supreme. It can, then, in effecting these
objccts, legitimately control all individuals or gov-
ernments within the American territory. The con-
stitution and laws ol a State, so far as they are
repugnant to the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, are absolutely void. These States are
constitutional parts of the United States. They are
members of one grea&empirc—for somo purposes
sovereign, for some purposes subordinate."
It is all there. And yet, as part of his
remarks, he published to the country as the
decision of Judge Marshall that in this decis-
ion he had made the General Government
omnipotent; an empire over all the empires,
sovereign and supreme in everything; and then
justified the enactment of this bill on that
principle by striking out just what Judge Mar-
shall said, and marked as the paramount dis-
tinction which at that time controlled his mind
in defining the jurisdiction of the Federal and
State courts and governments, which has been
the law of the land since, and will until we
forget the significant words so pregnant with
meaning: '• for some purposes sovereign, and
for some purposes subordinate."
Now, Mr. Speaker'——
[Here the hammer fell.]
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. GARFIELD,
OF OHIO,
Ik the House of Representatives,
April 4, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth ameudment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, said :
Mr. Speaker : I am not able to understand
the mental organization of the man who can
consider this bill, and the subject of which it
treats, as free from very great difficulties. He
must be a man of very moderate abilities,
whose ignorance is bliss, or a man of trans-
cendent genius whom no difficulties can daunt
and whose clear vision no cloud can obscure.
The distinguished gentleman [Mr. Shella-
eargeit] who introduced the bill from the com-
mittee very appropriately said that it requires
us to enter upon unexplored territory. That
territory, Mr. Sppaker, is the neutral ground
of all political philosophy: the neutral ground
for which rival theories have been struggling
in all ages. There are two ideas so utterly
antagonistic that when, in any nation, either
has gained absolute and complete possess'on of
that neutral ground, the ruin of that nation has
invariably followed. The one is that despot-
ism which swallows and absorbs all power in
a single-central, government; the other is that
extreme doctrine of local sovereignty which
makes nationality impossible and resolves a
general government into anarchy and chsos.
it makes but little difference as to the final
result which of these ideas drives the other
from the field; in either case, ruin follows.
The result exhibited by the one, was seen
m the Amphictyonic and Achasan leagues of
ancient Greece, of which Madison, in the twen-
tieth number of the Federalist, says:
"The inevitable result of all was imbecility in
the government, discord among the provinces, for-
eign influences and indignities, a. precarious exist-
ence in peace and peculiar calamities in war."
This is a fitting description of all nations
who have carried the doctrine of local self-
government so far as to exclude the doctrine
of nationality. They were not nations, but
mere leagues bound together by common con-
sent, ready to fall to pieces at the demand of
any refractory member. The opposing idea
was never better illustrated than when Louis
XIV entered the French Assembly, booted
and spurred, and girded with the sword of
ancestral kings, and said to the deputies of
France, "The State! I am the State! "
Between these opposite and extreme the-
ories of government, the people have been
tossed from century to century; and it has
beep, only when these ideas have been in rea-
sonable equipoise, when this neutral ground
has been held in joint occupancy, and usurped
by neither, that popular liberty and national
life have been possible. How many striking
illustrations of this do we see in the history of
France! The despotism of Louis XIV, fol-
lowed by reign of terror, when liberty had run
mad and France was a vast scene of blood and
ruinl We see it again in our day. Only a
few years ago the theory of personal govern-
ment had placed into the hands of Napoleon
III absolute and irresponsible power. The
communes of France were crushed, and local
liberty existed no longer. Then followed Sedan
and the rest. On the 1st day of last month,
when France was trying to rebuild her ruined
Government, when the Prussian cannon had
scarcely ceased thundering against the walls
of Paris, a deputy of France rose in the Na-
tional Assembly and moved as the first step
toward the safety of his country, that a com-
mittee of thirty should be chosen, to be called
the Committee of Decentralization. But it was
toolate to save France from the fearful reaction
from despotism. The news comes to us, under
the sea, that on Saturday last the cry was ring-
ing through France, "Death to the priests,
and death to the rich!" and the swords of the
citizens of thatnew republic are now wet with
each other's blood.
equipoise op ocr government.
The records of time show no nobler or
wiser work done by human hands than that
of our fathers when they framed this Republic.
Beginning in a wilderness world, they wrought
unfettered by precedent, untrammeled by cus-
tom, unawed by kings or dynasties. With
the history of other nations before them, they
surveyed the new field. In the progress of
their work they encountered these antagonistic
ideas to which I have referred. They at-
tempted to trace through that neutral ground
the boundary line across which neither force
should pass. The result of their labors is our
Constitution and frame of government. I
never contemplate the result without feeling
that there was more than mortal wisdom in
the men wbo produced it. It has seemed to me
that they borrowed their thought from Him
who constructed the universe and put it in
motion. For nothing that more aptly describes
the character of our Republic than the solar
system, launched into space by the hand of
the Creator, where the central sun is the great
power around which revolve all the planets in
their appointed orbits." But while the sun holds
in the grasp of its attractive power the whole
system, and imparts its light and heat to all,
yet each individual planet is under the sway
of laws peculiar to itself.
Under the sway of terrestrial laws, winds
blow, waters flow, and all the tenantries of
the planet live and move. So, sir, the States
move on in their orbits of duty and obedience,
bound to the central Government by this Con-
stitution, which is their supreme law; while
each State is making laws and regulations of
its own, developing its own energies, main-
taining its own industries, managing its local
affairs in its own way, subject only to the
supreme but beneficent control of the Union.
When State rights run-mad, put on the form
of secession, and attempted to drag the States
out of the Union, we saw the grand lesson
taught, in all the battles of the late war, that a
State could no more be hurled from ths Union
without ruin to the nation, than could a planet
be thrown from its orbit without dragging after
it, to chaos and ruin, the whole solar universe.
Sir, the great war for the Union h^s vin-
dicated the centripetal pov/er of the nation,
and has exploded, forever I trust, the disor-
ganizing theory of State sovereignty which
slavery attempted to impose upon this country.
But wo should never forget that there is danger
in the opposite direction. The destruction or
serious crippling of the principle of local gov-
ernment would be as fatal to liberty as secession
would have been fatal to the Union.
The first experiment which our fathers tried
in government-making after the War of Inde-
pendence was a failure, because the central
power conferred in the Articles of Confedera-
tion was not strong enough. The second,
though nobly conceived, became almost a fail-
ure because slavery attempted so to interpret
the Constitution as to reduce the nation again
to a confederacy, a mere league between sover-
eign States. But we have now vindicated and
secured the centripetal power; let us see that
the centrifugal force is not destroyed, but that
the grand and beautiful equipoise may be
maintained.
local self-goveekmkxt.
No more'beautit'ul thought was embodied in
the structure of our Republic than this: that
our fathers did so distribute the powers of gov-
ernment that no one power should be able to
swallow, absorb, or destroy the others. In this
distribution, it is provided that many, indeed
most of the functions of government, shall be
exercised immediately uuder the eyes of the
people themselves. Let me illustrate this by
the system of taxation in my own State. I have
here a statement of the taxation of the Siate
of Ohio for the last year. There were raised
in 1870, under State laws, nearly twenty-four
millions of dollars. Less than five millions of
the twenty-four found their way to the State
Treasury at Columbus. Less than four mil-
lions, indeed, were used for central purposes.
Nineteen of the twenty-four millions were levied
within the townships and the counties, under
the direction of township trustees, city and
county officers; and, in accordance with the
general laws of the State, these sums were
expended at home, under the direction of the
very men who specially consented that the tax
should be levied. Twelve and a half millions
were raised and expended in the townships.
Mr. Speaker, how often have you heard of
embezzlement or defalcation by township offi-
cers ; though, as in Ohio, more than half of all
the taxes raised are kept in the treasuries of
the townships? Where in the the nation is
there so wise and so honest an administration
of affairs as in the townships, under the eye of
the people who have approved the levy, and
who watch the expenditure of the money?
We have sometimes heard of defalcations of
county treasurers, because they live some dia-
