388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
one upon which he had doubts ; and he ap-
proached it cautiously. He approached it, I
thought, with some compunctions of con-
science lest he might be trenching upon the
Constitution, upon established legal princi-
ples and the policy and the spirit of this Gov-
ernment. I want him now to exercise the
same caution and allow this whole subject to
be fully presented. I desire that every man
in this House shall have an opportunity to
present his views.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] will permit
me to ask him whether he objects to a meet-
ing of the House at ten o'clock on Monday.
As we have now no committee meetings in the
mornings, it seems to me the House might as
well meet a little earlier than usual.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think ten o' clock is too
early.
Mr. WOOD. Eleven o'clock, I think, will
not be objected to by gentlemen on this side.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Suppose it be
agreed that nothing shall be done in the way
of business before twelve o'clock on Monday.
Let the time prior to twelve o' clock be devoted
wholly to debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think that suggestion
is a very proper one. But I want every man
on this side to have an opportunity to present
his views; and I know there are many who
wish to speak. I really hope that before we
get through with this question the able and
accomplished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
i^ABAaenu] will get some light and some instruc-
tion, and will change his views upon it.
Mr. WOOD. 1 would like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabauger]
whether it is his intention to demand the pre-
vious question before all gentlemen who desire
to speak have had an opportunity to do so.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I shall not do
otherwise than was stated at the beginning of
this discussion. It may be that I shall think
it my duty on Monday to submit the question
to the House. I have no inclination to stop
the debate until it shall be full and complete
to all reasonable extent. Of course we cannot
let it run on indefinitely without at least asking
the order of the House in that regard. I un-
derstand that nothing is now agreed to except
that we may ipeet on Monday at ten o'clock.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Eleven o'clock.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Well, at eleven
o'clock. That much at least is accomplished.
The only object I had was to reach some agree-
ment.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I desire to remark
that as I am compelled before Monday to go
home (business requires me there) I would
take it as a favor if gentlemen who are disin-
clined to meet to night would consent that a
session may be held and thus allow me an op-
portunity to address those who may be dis-
posed to turn out. It was stated yesterday,
I believe, that, nobody would come here last
night; yet, as I had made an announcement
in the morning of my intention to speak when-
ever I could obtain the floor, we had last night
a crowded House, [laughter;] and I have no
doubt it will be crowded again if it is known
that I am going to speak. If those who come
do not have an intellectual feast, they may
witness some "ground and lofty tumbling."
[Laughter.] I would like to have gentlemen
turn out especially to hear me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] asks consent that there
may be a session at half past seven o'clock
this evening for debate only, and that at the
close of the evening session the House shall
take a recess till eleven o'clock on Monday
morning.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No business to
be done on Monday prior to twelve o'clock.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary to
make any such provision, because the session
of Monday prior to twelve o'clock would be a
continuation of to-day's session; and the un-
derstanding has already been had that no busi-
ness shall be entertained during the session of
to day.
Mr. DAWES. Will this arrangement super-
sede the morning hour of Monday?
The SPEAKER. It will not. Immediately
after the reading of the Journal on Monday
the States must be called. This bill will come
up at the close of the morning hour on Mon-
day.
Mr. DAWES. There is more propriety in
having an extra hour on Monday next, because
under the rules we are obliged to devote one
hour on that day to other business.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, and under the agreement
the Chair could not entertain any proposition
outside of the agreement, even by unanimous
consent.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope unanimous consent
will be entertained to dispense with the morn-
ing hour on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not enter-
tain unanimous consent to dispense with the
morning hour on Monday next, because that
would be business, which would be against the
agreement.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Let us have a
session to-night.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not think there will
be any objection to that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to hav-
ing a session this evening, the House taking
a recess from half past four o'clock to half
past seven o'clock for that purpose, and then,
at the conclusion of the debate this evening,
taking a recess until eleven o'clock Monday
morning ?
Mr. WOOD. There is no objection to that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think it is a violation
of the spirit of the agreement under which we
held the session to-day to provide for a meet-
ing of the House on Monday morning at eleven
o'clock instead of twelve o'clock, which is the
regular hour. I do not think we have the
right, under that agreement, to change the
hour of meeting on Monday morning from
twelve o'clock until eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very jealous
about carrying out understandings of this kind
very strictly, and he cannot see how, in the
slightest degree, it will interfere with that
understanding to take a recess from this even-
ing until Monday morning at eleven o'clock.
The understanding was that the Saturday
session should be devoted to debate only, no
business whatever to be transacted, and if the
House were to remain here over to-morrow,
sitting on Sunday for the purpose of debate
only, it would not interfere with that under-
standing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the House had no
such idea when the understanding was made.
I have no objection to an evening sesssion if
members of the House so desire ; but I do not
think we have the right, under the spirit or
letter of the agreement, to meet at eleven
o'clock on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. It is within the power of
a majority of the House to take a recess.
Mr. SWANN. I do not believe there will
be any objection to an evening session.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Objection is with-
drawn, I understand, to an evening session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and accordingly the order will be made.
Mr. NIBLACK. How much time is there
left ?
The SPEAKER. This colloquy is not taken
out of the time allowed the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask a few minutes time
merely for the purpose of submitting a paper,
which I hold in my hand, to the attention of
the House. I do not desire, even if the op-
portunity were afforded me, to enter into a
discussion of the merits of the pending measure
at this time. I understand from the course of
the debate, as well as. from an announcement
made the other day when the debate was
opened, that every gentleman is expected who
may come into the possession of information
of any outrage like those of which we have
heard to bring it at once to the attention of
the House and of the country.
Now, there has been mailed to me from an
interior post office in the State of Iowa a
printed affidavit, showing a remarkable condi-
tion of affairs as regards the affiant, which I
feel it my duty to bring to the attention of the
House. It occurs to me as having something
of the character of the Ku Klux outrages of
which we have heard so much. I ask the Clerk
to read the paper, which comes to me as a
printed affidavit in the way I have stated.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Plot, or Secret.—I was born in 1829, in New
York. About twenty-one years ago I felt a power of
something to make mo talk, and talk contrary to my
feelings. Iwasbroughtdown by the power to apartly
stupefied state. That power I felt, and that it con-
trolled me against my will. And immediately the
voices of " devils " commenced talking to me, and
would make me talk and answer when I did not wish
to, showing themselves, by visions, to be a legion of
horrible beings of horrible aspect.
They taunted me with the fact that they lived on
human flesh, including children of their own cre-
ating—claiming power to raise the spirit of any
one as real as themselves, which they torment and
murder, being cannibals.
They state by words and by innuendo what I do
and say, and that they know it, gi ving me very dis-
agreeable thoughts and feelings to torment me, for-
bidding my telling of them.
Those spirits cry to me day and night for help to
be delivered from their parents, which turned into
lions and wild beasts in form and devoured them.
When they appear in the form of human beings
they are about twenty-five feet high and are jet
black, with a tail behind, and large glassy eyes:
some covered with hair and always appearing naked
and shameful. w
Their words are of tho utmost uncleannoss, blas-
phemy, and abuse, being awful liars.
They imitate all sounds—raps and ringing of bells
and other sounds.
They are entirely workers of deception to make
trouble to mankind. Kntiroly false, their works
are spiritualism in place ot religion, and circles of
revenge and enmity. Consult them not; they mean
our destruction. Others haunted hear and see the
same. Their power over man is to be dreaded.
They tell me that I must serve or obey them or
they will compel me through their abuse; which I
never will do, always ordering them away.
They have told me that I should kill myself: that
I should not enjoy the fruits of my hard labor ; that
they seemed to be in a cave or secreted place, and
would come from thence and destroy the land or rule
it by force.
They claim the power to create demons or good
spirits almost instantly.
There are many more of them, and a great deal
larger, than there were twenty years ago, and we
have reason to fear trouble from them.
This includes three separate hauntings in twenty
years. At first it was about four years; then haunt
of eight months; next, ten yenrs gone; thenext.one
and a half years last past, and threats of an eternal
haunt.
Their power consists in taking away one's strength
by shaking and shocking them, and wearing out the
mind by disagreeable visions and conversation.
They increase in size and number as time or the
years pass, and they are largor now than when first
I was annoyed with them.
They sometimes claim to live in a mountain in
northern Mexico, and sometimes in Devil's Cave,
Virginia, (where I think they really reside,} and
also on an island in the ocean.
They are on earth the unclean beasts working
miracles to deceive. They are the beasts spoken of
in Revelations, sixteenth chapter, thirteenth and
nineteenth verses, and made themselves dragons by
adding the power of Ihobe spirits to their own, and
creating and adding imps.
I caused the same to be published in 1850.
I would add that they say they always had and
always could batilo all efforts of mine to mako tho
truth known.
My conclusion is, they are wizards growing to be
dra^ous, beasts, and devils.
0. PAIGE.
Subscribed and sworn before mo this -1th day of
November, A. 1>. 1870.
JNO. V. WATSON,
Notary Public.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SHANKS. How long has my colleague
been connected with that society?
Mr. NIBLACK. My colleague ought not
to ask that question, I am a noil combatant,
and do not belong to any of these fighting soci-
eties.^ I trust the obvious Ku Klux character
of this document will serve as a sufficient
apology for my bringing it to the attention of
the House.
