150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. op Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Garfield.
42d Cons....1st Sess.
tance away from the Argus-eyes which watch
over their proceedings. Wehaveoftener heard
of Stale defalcations, because State officers are
still further away. And oftener still we hear
of national defalcations, where the power is
exercised still further away from the people
who grant it. I mention this as an illustration
of the character of our Government.
The illustration might be extended with
equal force to the administration of justice in
townships and counties, where offenses against
persons and property are tried before judges
of the people's own choosing, and before
jurors who are the neighbors of the parties,
and who can administer justice far better than
is possible at distant and remote points, where
both court and jury are strangers to the parties.
But I turn from these general remarks to
the consideration of those features of our
Constitution which relate more immediately
to the subject of the bill now before the House.
protection of pkksons and property before thj1
late amendments.
I presume it will not be denied, that before
the adoption of the last three amendments it
was the settled interpretation of the Consti-
tution that the protection of the life and prop-
erty of private citizens within the States be-
longed to the Statu governments exclusively.
I will, however, fortify this position by a few
authorities which will not be questioned. Mr.
Madison says, in the forty fifth number of the
Federalist:
"The powers rosorved to tho Norernl States will
extern! to Jilj tho objects which, in tlio ordinary
oourso of afl'nir.4, concern tho livos, liberties, and
properties of tho people, and tho internal ordor,
improvement, Jmd prosperity of the State."
In the celebrated case of Cohens vs. Vir-
ginia (6 Wheaton, page 424) the Supreme
Court takes the same ground ; and Mr. Story,
in his Commentaries on tho Constitution, sec-
tion twelve hundred and twenty six, quotes
with approval the following passage from the
opinion of the court:
" Congress Ims a rij?ht to punish murder in a fort
or other pl;ico williin its exclusive jurisdiction, hut
hits no (,'euornl risrht to inmish murder committed
within any of the States.
In February, lSlifi, while debating a proposed
amendment to the Constitution, which in its
final form became the fourteenth article, my
colleague [Mr. Bingham] quoted the passage
from the Federalist which I have already
quoted, and then said :
"Theno words of Madison are very siKniftcnnt. The
fact is that Congress Huh never. h,v oHieiul enactment
in nil the past, attempted to enforce tiie.se rights of
the people in imy State of tho Union."—Globe, Thir-
ty-Ninth CoiiKiesH, paKo 1093,
In the same debate he also said:
" We have not now the power, in lime of police, (0
enforce Ihe citizen'rf ri^iit to lite, liberty, and prop-
erty within the limits of South Carolina, alter her
State jioveruiueiit shall tie i eeogm/.ed and her con-
stitutional relations restored."
On the 'Jlh of March, 18GB, when the civil
rights bill was under debate, Mr. Bincuam also
said:
"Tho Constitution does nol delegate to thoUnited
States a power to punish ofleiiscs aKainst tho life,
liberty, and properly of citizens in the States; nor
docs it prohibit that power to the States, but leaves
it as the irservrt lijihl of tho States, to bo by them
exercised.page 121U.
And again, in tho same speech:
"I have always believed that protection in timo
of peace within the States ol all rights of persons
and citizens was of tho powers reserved to tile
States, and so Istill believe.''—Ulobc, pa^e 1293.
While the first section of the civil rights
bill was under debate my colleague [Mr. Suni,-
LABAltUEi;] said:
" If this section did in fact assume to confer or
detine or resonate thesecivil rights which are named
by the words contract, sue, testily, inherit, &e„ lb oil
it would, as seems to me, bo an assumption of the
reserved riithts of tho States and of ttio people."—
GIH'K, puse 1293.
"Tbe bill does not reach mere piiv.ite wrong.s, but
only those done undercolor of Srate authority, and
tu&u authority must be extended on account of race
or color. It is meant, therefore, not to usurp-tho
powers of the States to punish offenses generally
against the rights of citizens in the several States,
but its whole force is expended in defeating an at-
tempt, under State laws, to deprive races and the
meinbex's thereof, as such, of tho rights enumerated
m this act. This is the whole of it."—Globe, page
1204.
In the same debate Mr. Delano, of Ohio,
now Secretary of the Interior, speaking of the
Constitution said :
" It was never designed to take away from the
States tho right of controlling their citizens in
respect to property, liberty, and life. If wo now go
on in a system of legislation based upon i.ho assump-
tion that Congress possesses the right of supreme
control in thi? respect, I submit whether we are not
assisting to build up a consolidated Government in
viow of tho powors of which wo may well trem-
ble."—Appendix. pagoloS.
Authorities might be cited to a much greater
length. They all concur in the statement with
which I set out, that the power to protect the
life and property of private citizens within the
States, was left by the Constitution exclusively
to the State governments.
protection of persons anh property under thb
late amendments.
Now, three amendments, the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth, have been added to the
Constitution, and it will not be denied that
each of these amendments has so modified
the Constitution as to change the relation of
Congress to the citiaens of the States. They
have to some extent enlarged the functions of
Congress, and, within prescribed limits, have
extended its jurisdiction within the States.
I now inquire how far this jurisdiction has
been extended. The thirteenth amendment
provides that slavery shall never exist within
the United States, or any place subject to their
jurisdiction, and Congress is empowered to
enforce this provision on everyinch of soileov-
ercd by our flag. Congress may by its legis-
lation prevent any person from being made a
slave by any law, usage, or custom, or by any
act direct or indirect This, I presume, will
not be domed; and Congress has effectually
carried out this provision.
In the fifteenth amendment, the last of the
three, tho rights of citizens of the United
States to vote shall not be denied or abridged,
either by tho United States or by any State, in
consequence of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude. And that, taken ill con-
nection with the clause in the main text of the
Constitution, which authorizes Congress to
regulate tho time, place, and manner of hold-
ing elections, arms Congress with the full
power to protect the ballot-box at all elec-
tions, at least of officers of the United States,
and to protect the right of all men within the
limit of that clause to the suffrage. On this
point, I presume, there will be no difference
of opinion, at least on this side of the House.
In pursuance of this power we passed the act
of May 31, 1870, and the amendatory act of
February 28, 1871.
first section of tub fourteenth amendment.
I now come to consider lust in order, for it
is the basis of the pending bill, the fourteenth
amendment. I ask tin1 attention of the House
to the first section of thatamendment, as to its
scope and meaning. I hope gentlemen will
bear in mind that this debate, in which so many
have taken part, will become historical, as the
curliest legislative construction given to this
clause of the amendment. Not only the words
which we put into the law, but what shall be
said herein the way of defining aud interpreting
the meaning of the clause, may go far io settle
its interpretation and its value to the country
hereafter.
.No thorough discussion of this clause is pos-
sible which does not include a history of some
ot the leading laets connected with its origin
and its adoption by Congress. I will therefore
state briefly the proceedings of this Rouse on
the first form of amendment proposed on the
subject embraced in the first section of the
fourteenth amendment, as it now stands in
the Constitution.
the rejected amendment.
On the 13th February, 1866. Mr. Bingham
reported, from the joint Committee on Recon-
struction, a joint resolution proposing the fol-
lowing amendment to the Constitution of the
United States:
"Article —. The Congress shall have power to
make alllaws which shall benecessary and proper to
secure to the citizens of each State all the privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several Sta tes; and
to all persons in the several States equal protection
in the rights of hfo, liberty, and property."
The debate proceeded at great length, and
the necessity for increased protection to those
who had lately been slaves, against the hostile
legislation of the States, was strongly urged.
I will quote a few paragraphs from the debate,
to show some of the leading reasons that were
urged for and against the proposition.
Mr. Higby, of California, insisted that this
amendment was necessary in order to protect
the lives and property of the citizens in the
South. He showed how, under the thirteenth
amendment, the laws of the States might he so
administered as to put black men into slavery
under pretense of sentencing them for crime,
and that without additional power given to Con-
gress the General Government could not pre-
vent such a result. (Globe, February 27, page
1056.)
Others urged the amendment on the same
and similar grounds.
Mr. Hale, of New York, opposed the amend-
ment. He said that under it—
"All State legislation, in its codes of civil and
criminal jiirisprudenee and procedure, ai*eeting the
individual citizen, may be overriden, may be re-
pealed, and abolished, and the law of Congress estab-
lished instead. I maintain that in thus respect ic
i^ an utter departure from every principle ever
dreamed of by the men who framed our Constitu-
tion."— Globe, page 10Q3,
On the 28th of February my colleague [Mr.
Bingham] made a very able and elaborate
speech in defense of the amendment, lie
based its necessity on the fact that Congress
had then no power to legislate for life, liberty,
and property within the States. lie aSiimed,
also, that the guarantees of the rights of prop-
erty and person named in the fifth article of
amendments to the Constitution were not lim-
itations on the State governments, but only on
Congress. To support this position he quoted
the case of Barron vs. The Mayor and City
Council of Baltimore, (7 Fetors, page 247:)
also, Lessee of Livingston vs. Moore, (7 Peters,
page 2-31;) also, 3 Webster, page 471; and then
said, (Globe, page 1090:)
"The question is simply whether yon will give by
this amendment, to the people of the United Stater,
the power, by legislative enactment, to punish otli-
cials of States for violation of the oaths enjoined
upon them by their Constitution.''
In the course of Mr. Bingham's speech,
Judge Hale, of New York, asked him—
" Whether, in his opinion, this proposed amend-
ment to tho Constitution does nut confer upon Con-
gress n general power of iogisi.itioa tor the pur-
pose ot securing to all persons in the several Scares
protection of life, liberty, mid property, subject
only to the qualification that that protection fell all bo
equal."
" Mr. Bingham. I believe itdoesin regard to life,
liberty, and property, as I have Iferetoforebtated it,
the right to real estate heing dependent on the State
law, except when granted by the United States.
'* Mr. Halk. I desire to know it he means to imply
that it extends to personal estate.
"Mr. Bingham. Undoubtedly it is true."
Mr. Coxkling, now a Senator from the State
of New York, during the same debate said of
this amendment:
"It was introduced several weeks ago, and con-
sidered in a committee of til teen. At that time and
oiways I felt eonstraim-d to withhold from it my
support as one of the committee, and when the con-
sen ( of the commit,tee was given to it* being reported
I did not concur m the leporr."—page 1094.
Mi. iloTCfiKiss, ol'New York, said:
"I understand the amendment, a£ now proposed
by it? terms, to authorize Congress to establish uni-*
