390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
behold the encroachments with indignation and
regret. A successful faction might erect a tyranny
on the rains of order and law, while no succor could
be constitutionally afforded by the Union to the
friends and supporters of the Government. But
this is not all. The destruction of the national Gov-
ernment itself, or of neighboring States, might result
from a successful rebellion in a single State. Who
can determine what would have been the issue if the
insurrection in Massachusetts in 1787 had been suc-
cessful, and the malcontents had been headed by a
Caesar or a Cromwell? If a despotic or monarchical
government wore established in one State, it would
bring on the ruin of the whole Republic.
"It may possibly be asked, what need there could
be of such a precaution, and whether it may not
become a pretext for alterations in the State govern-
ments, without the concurrence of the States them-
selves? These questions admit of ready answers. If
the interposition of the General Government3hou)d
not be needed, the provision for such an event will
be a harmless superfluity only in the Constitution.
But who can say what experiments may be produced
by the caprice of particular States, by the ambition
of enterprising loaders, or by the intrigues and influ-
ence of foreign Powers?"
But, sir, if the view that I present, sus-
tained as it is by invincible reason** and forti-
fied by high authority, be not denied, then is
the principle that underlies this bill admitted
to be constitutionally right.
But the Constitution has not left to implica-
tion, however clear, the right of the Federal
Government to enforce its ''guarantee," for it
declares, in article one, section eight, that—
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers, and all other
powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-
ment of tho United States, or in any department or
officer thereof."
I shall not reiterate the argument already so
exhaustively applied, as derived from the four-
teenth amendment, which this bill is declaredly
designed to enforce. I would only call attention
to section five of that article, which declares :
"The Congress shall have power to enforce by
appropriate legislation the provisions of this
article."
Is not this bill "appropriate legislation?"
I apprehend, Mr. Speaker, that it is obnoxious
to the Democratic party chiefly because it is
"appropriate,'' and strikes at the homicidal
proclivities which have become chronic among
the active allies of that party in ita late exclu-
sive empire, the so-called confederate States.
Indeed, I may say in the apt language of the
poet, without intending any personal disre-
spect—
"No man e'er felt the halter draw
With good opinion of the law."
Bat, sir, the right of the loyal people of the
South to have this or some similar measure
enacted into a law for their protection against
the perils that environ them is derived from
the same consideration in which the Constitu-
tion itself originated, and is founded on an
integral principle that enters in the very idea
of government, whether it relates to subject or
citizen. I mean the great paramount duty of
the Bepublic to protect its citizens wherever
its flag has the right to wave. Indeed, sir,
when you abolish or weaken the right to pro-
tection you destroy or diminish the duty of
allegiance. I am bound to obey my country
and her laws because I am by them protected.
When they cease to protect me I can rightly
cease to obey them. Says Blackstone ;
'I A'Qe ^uty °' a" subjects, being the
t- $5 ,Ue,9f the People to the prince in return
ipi the protection he affords tliem."
More especially should allegiance and pro-
tection be correlatives when the very danger
from which protection is needed is drawn and
incurred on the part of the citizens solely
because, of his loyalty to the Government, at
wliose hands that protection is demanded.
Sir, the best Government is that under which
the humblest citizen is not beneath the protec-
tion ol the laws, or the highestabove the reach
of their authority.
But gentlemen, admitting the plain principle
of constitutional and governmental law herein
enunciated, may deny, and do deny, that the
facts exist to warrant an armed intervention
of the Federal Government for the protection
ot its citizens, or any extraordinary legislation
investing Federal courts with a novel jurisdic-
tion to enforce that protection through judicial
agencies. Thus the gentleman from Indiana,
with a skepticism worthy of Zeno himself,
declares that—
" It is a gross perversion of truth to assume that
any desire or intention to excite rebellion exists
anywhere in the country. It is simply dishonest,
and is indulged for interested purposes. The utmost
extent of insubordination is confined to a very small
number of persons, and they are in a few localities.
They are merely common criminals, without politics
or higher motives of action than the base aims of
individual offenders."
Here, then, we have a square issue of fact,
and f propose to meet it with incontestable
record. In so doing I shall expose the animus
of the Democratic party of the South, as evi-
denced in the utterances of its recognized
organs and leaders, as far back as 1868, coin-
cident with the assembly of constitutional con-
ventions in the South, pursuant to the recon-
struction acts of Congress. This record, drawn
from many States, exhibits the declared pur-
pose to defeat the ballot with the bullet and
other coercive means, and also the acts of
organized lawlessness perpetrated pursuant
to that purpose.
I will now ask you to listen to the words of the
Mobile Register, a Democratic witness, whose
credibility will not be impeached by gentle-
men on the other side of the House. In the
mon'h of July, 1868, that paper, in an editorial
advocating the election of Seymour and Blair,
gave utterance to these words:
" The Radicals are dogs and should be treated as
dogs. They should not be permitted to dwell among
us."
Hear the voice of the central Democratic
committee of Charleston, in their campaign
circular of 1868, entitled " A'n appeal to the
colored people." In advising the colored men
of the State to sever their connection with the
Republican party, and join the Seymour and
Blair Democratic clubs, they used these words:
" We know who your leaders are, what they say
ana what they are doing; we have marked them,
and we know better than you can know the sure
and swift penalty that shall fall on particular heads
when the conflict begins."
Hearken for a moment to the utterance of
ex-United States Senator Robert Toombs, of
Georgia, on the hustings during that canvass.
He says, in speaking of the Republicans of
that State, "Ostracize them ; drive them out;
spurn them from your midst." Listen, sir, to
the following extract from a communication
which appeared in the Newberry (South Caro-
lina) Herald, signed " Silverstreet Democrat,"
and dated July 17, 1868:
" Messrs. Editors : As a member of a Democratic
club, I beg leave, through the Herald, to make a
suggestion or two to the various clubs throughout
Newberry district. Our situation as a peogle—I
mean white people—must surely be understood by
every thinking man ; and certainly any suggestion
that can be made m which there can he any hope
ot advancing our interests ought to be tested. The
propositions that I would make are as follows: let
all members of the different, Democratic clubs of
the district enter_ into a solemn agreement that
trom the present time forward they will employ no
mechanic who does not belong I u some Democratic
organization, neither to patronize any mill, tannery,
or other place dependent upon the public patron-
age, owned or superintended by any other than an
out-and-out Democrat. Let all physicians belong-
ing to such organizations have a positive under-
standing with each other that in no case will they
attend professionally to any Radical or his family,
unless the medical lee is sent with the messenger;
but in case the patient be a freedman belonging to
some Democratic club, let him be attended for half
puce, and it he has no money indulge him until he
Mr lawyers act upon the same principle. Let
all ireedmen that are not mechanics even, frho take
an active part for the Radical party, be treated as
suggested above for mechanics."
And, sir. not only was this the sentiment of
this individual, " Silverstreet Democrat," but
it was the prevailing sentiment of Democratic
employers and professional men throughout
the State.
_ Again, sir, let me invite a moment's atten-
tion to the following:
elifh°r?fRwf ? meeting of the Democratic
e1, held J"1* 25. 1868, the following
resolutions were presented and adopted :
lieaolv.d, That we do approve the declaration of
principles as set forth by the national Demoei-atie
convention at Now York, and do cordially ratify
the nomination of Horatio Se\mour for PtMi.w.t
and F. P. Blair for Vice President, and do pJed<*e
ourselves to support the cause and the men that the
convention have selected for our standard-bearers-
Hesolved, That no member of this club f-hall em-
ploy, rent lands to, or patronize any Radical after
the present contracts shall have expired, and that
from this date we will not give employment to any
frcedmen who arc straggling over the country aa
day-laborers who cannotshow certificiU-s that they
are members of some Democratic association.
Our club numbers one hundred and thirty-six
and still they come. *
H. C. MOSELY, Secretary.
I would also call the attention of this House,
Mr. Speaker, to the following extracts from
the report ot' the investigating committee of
the Legislature of South Carolina oflBuSand
1869, appointed to investigate thoroughly the
disordered state of affairs in the third con-
gressional district, and the causes of the intim-
idation, outrages, and murders perpetrated
preceding and at the general election of 1808.
Rooms op Investigating Committer,
Third Coxgkkssion'al District,
Abbeville Couut-House, S. C., June 24, 1869.
Pursuant to adjournment, the committee met at
nine a, in.
A quorum beinsr present, the committee proceeded
to business. Mr. "Wright acting chairman.
Joshua Wardlaw (colored) sworn.
Direct examination by Mr. Elliott:
Question. Are you a resident of this county ?
Anstotr. Yes, sir.
Question. How long have you been a resident of
this county?
Answer. Born and bred here.
Question. In this town ?
Annoer. Yes.
QuesHon. Do you know of any outrages or any
means of intimidation or threats used to keeppersons
from voting at the late general election ?
Annoer. Yes.
. Question. Please state what those means of intim-
idation used were, and who made them ?
Answer. I heard Fred Edmunds say rhat no col-
ored people should vote at Calhoun Mills except
they voted the Democratic ticket. He said, " I tim
going down there now to gather niv company and
meet them there." I immediately went to Mr. G  ffin
and told him what I had heard. I had to go to Mr.
Bradley's mill myself to vote, and I told him 1 was
atraid to go on account of the threats that had been
made. Mr. Gufliin then told mc not to be afraid, for
they dared not interfere with me. I replied, "X
know the people, and will not go, although I am a
friend of yours.'
QupHtion. Do you know of any other outrage com-
mitted?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Please state what that outrage -was?
Ansioer. Mr. William Itiohardson, a white man
with whom 1 resided last year, came to me one night
m August last and said to me, 44 Get up." (I was m
bed.) i asked him what he wanted. He said be
wanted me to go ontwith him. I said I hud no par-
^arLca^ ouk said, " Damn you, you shall go.
What have you got m this trunk?" At this time I
arose trom the bed. William JEfarmous. Pie-. Black-
well, and Mr. Coon were in company with Mr. Rich-
ardson. They took me out of my house, and went
and took my brother-in-law also. My wile was
screaming, and they threatened her life. Pres.
xHackweil kicked one of my little children that was
m the bed. Phey took my brother-in-law's gun and
broke it against a tree in the yard. They laid me
down on the ground, after stripping me as naked
as when I came into the world, and struck me
nve times with a strap before I got away from
them. After escaping they fired four shots at me,
but did not hit me. I wa< so frightened I laid out
in the woods all night, naked as i was, and suffered
nom the exposure. Mr. Richardson afterw.ud told
me he was very sorry that I had escaped lrom them.
My brother-m-law died from the beating he got that
same night; and my nephew, Harry Durgan, got
severely beat that night by the same party. Mo&o
Martin, another colored man on the place, was also
beaten badly that same night, by the same party,
and Harry Martin, (colored,) received about seven
hundred lashes also. My cousin, Ben Pmckney.
was so severely beaten that he was unable to do any
work for a month or so after. I have never been
back to the settlement since that time, being atraid
that they would kill mo.
Question. Had you any difficulty or quarrel with
apy of those men before they visited your housethat
night?
^ut about a week or two before that
William Harmon and William Richardson asked
mo whether I was a Radical or Democrat, or what X
intended to be. I replied that I did not desire to
say what I was or what I intended to do, for I had
not decided in my mind. They said, " You will
nave to stale what you are, or you will have to quit
tiiG place." I told ihcm i would join them rather
than lose my crop. On the day of the generel elec-
tion they called mo into the house to vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket. They had a keg of whisky and
ottered me a drink. I told them no, I would not
drink it. They then asked me whether I was going
to vote theDemocratic ticket. I replied no; that if
