1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Garjield.
Ho. of Reps.
This is copied from the fifth article of amend-
ments, with this difference: as it stood in the
fifth article it operated only as a restraint
upon Congress, while here it is a direct re-
straint upon the governments of the States.
The addition is very valuable. It realizes the
full force and effect of the clause in Magna
Charta, from which it was borrowed; and there
is now no power in either the State or the
national Government to deprive any person
of those great fundamental rights on which all
true freedom rests, the rights of life, liberty,
and property, except by due process of law ;
that is, by an impartial trial according to the
laws of the land. This very provision is in
the constitution of every State in the Union;
but it was most wise and prudent to place it
in the serene firmament of the national Con-
stitution, high above all the storms and tem-
pests that may rage in any State.
equal protection of the laws.
Mr. Speaker, I come now to consider the
last clause of this first section, which is, as I
believe, the chief and most valuable addition
made to the Constitution in the section. That
clause declares that no State shall " deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws." This thought was
never before in the Constitution, either in form
or in substance. It was neither expressed in
any words in the instrument, nor could it be
implied from any provision. It is a broad and
comprehensive limitation on the power of the
State governments, and, without doubt, Con-
gress is empowered to enforce this limitation
by any appropriate legislation. Taken in con-
nection with the other clauses of this section,
it restrains the States from making or enforcing
laws which are not on their face and in their
provisions of equal application to all the citi-
zens ofjthe State. It is not required that the
laws of a State shall be perfect. They may
be unwise, injudicious, even unjust: but tliey
must be equal in their provisions, like the air
of heaven, covering all and resting upon all
%vith equal weight. The laws must not only
be equal on their face, but they must be so
administered that equal protection under them
shall not be denied to any class of citizens,
either by the courts or the executive officers
of the State.
It may be pushing the meaning of the words
beyond tbeir natural limits, but I think the
provision that the States shall not " deny the
equal protection of the laws" implies that they
shall afford equal protection.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to review briefly the
ground traveled over: the changes wrought in
the Constitution by the last three amendments
in regard to the individual rights of citizens
are these: that no person within the United
States shall be made a slave; that no citizen
shall be denied the right of suffrage because
of his color or because he was once a slave ;
that no State, by its legislation or the enforce-
ment thereof, sliall abridge the privileges or
immunities of citizens of the United States;
that no State shall, without due process of
law, disturb the life, liberty, or property of
any person within its jurisdiction ; and finally,
that no State shall deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws.
Thanks to the wisdom and patriotism of the
American people, these great and beneficent
provisions are now imperishable elements
of the Constitution, and will, I trust, remain
forever among the irreversible guarantees of
liberty.
enforcement of the amendments.
How can these new guaranties be enforced?
In the first place, it is within the power of
Congress to provide, by law, that eases aris-
ing under the provisions of these amendments
may be carried up on appeal from the State
tribunals to the courts of the United States,
where every law, ordinance usage, or decree
of any State in conflict with these provisions
may be declared unconstitutional and void.
This great remedy covers nearly all the ground
that needs to be covered in time of peace ; and
this ground has already been covered, to a
great extent, by the legislation of Congress.
The civil rights act of 1866, as reenacted by
the law of May 21. 1870, opens the courts of
the United States to all who were lately slaves,
and to all classes of persons who by any State
law or custom are denied the equal rights and
privileges of white men. By the stringent and
sweeping act of May 21, 1870, known as the
enforcement act, and by the supplementary
act of February 28, 1871, Congress has pro-
vided the amplest protection of the ballot-box
and of the right of voters to enjoy the suf-
frage as guarantied to them in the main text
of the Constitution and in the fifteenth amend-
ment.
In the second place, it is undoubtedly within
the power of Congress to provide by law for
the punishment of all persons, official or pri-
vate, who shall invade these rights, and who
by violence, threats, or intimidation shall
deprive any citizen of their fullest enjoyment.
This is a part of that general power vested in
Congress to punish the violators of its laws.
Uuder this head I had supposed that the
enforcement act of May 21,1870, made ample
provision. I quote the sixth section:
"Sec. 0. And be it further enacted. That if two or
more porsons shall band or conspire together, or go
in disguise upon the public highway, or upon the
premises of another, with intent to violate any pro-
vision of this act. or to injure, oppress, threaten, or
intimidate any citizen with intent to preventer hin-
der his free exercise and enjoyment of any right or
privilege granted or secured to him by the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States, or because of his
having exercised the same, such persons shall be
held guilty of felony, and, on conviction thereof,
shall be fined or imprisoned, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court—the fine not to exceed $5,000, and
the imprisonment not to exceed ten years—and shall,
moreover, be thereafter ineligible to and disabled
from holding any office or place of honor, profit,
or trust created by the Constitution or laws of the
United States."
The sixteenth and seventeenth sections add
still further safeguards for the protection of
the people.
For the protection of all officers of the
United States in the discharge of their duties,
and for the enforcement of all the laws of the
United States, our statutes make ample pro-
visions. The President is empowered to use
all the land and naval forces if necessary to
execute these laws against all offenders.
But, sir, the President has informed us in
his recent message, that in some portions of
the Republic wrongs and outrages are now
being perpetrated, under circumstances which
lead him to doubt his power to suppress them
by means of existing laws. That new situa-
tion confronts us. I deeply regret that we
were not able to explore the length, breadth,
and depth of this new danger before we under-
took to provide a legislative remedy. The
subject is so obscured by passion that it is
hardly possible for Congress, with the mate-
rials now in our possession, to know the truth
of the case, to understand fully the causes
of this new trouble, and to provide wisely
and intelligently the safest and most certain
remedy.
But enough is known to demand some action
on our pait. To state the case in the most
moderate terms, it appears that in some of
the southern States there exists a wide spread
secret organization, whose members are bound
together by solemn oaths to prevent certain
classes of citizens of the United States from
enjoying these new rights conferred upon
them by the Constitution and laws; that they
are putting into execution their design of pre-
venting such citizens from enjoying the free
right of the ballot-box and other privileges
and immunities of citizens, and from enjoying
the equal protection of the laws. Mr. Speaker,
I have no doubt of the power of Congress to
provide for meeting this new danger, and to
do so without trenching upon those great and
beneficent powers of local self government
lodged in the States and with the people. To
refach this result is the demand of the hour
upon the statesmanship of this country. This
brings me to the consideration of the pending
bill.
bill to enfobce the fourteenth amendment.
The first section provides, in substance, that
any person who, under color of any State law,
ordinance, or custom, shall deprive any per-
son of any rights, privileges, or immunities
secured by the Constitution, the offender shall
be liable to an action at law, or other proper
proceeding, for redress in the several district
or circuit courts of the United States. This
is a wife and salutary provision, and plainly
within the power of Congress.
But the chief complaint is not that the laws
of the State are unequal, but that even where
the laws are just and equal on their face, yet,
by a systematic maladministration of tjiem, or
a neglect or refusal to enforce their provisions,
a portion of the people are denied equal pro-
tection under them. Whenever such a state
of facts is clearly made out, I believe the last
clause of the first section empowers Congress
to step in and provide for doing justice to those
persons who are thus denied equal protection.
Now if the second section of the pending bill
can be so amended that, it shall clearly define
this offense, as I have described it, and shall
employ no terms which assert the power of
Congress to take jurisdiction of the subject
until such denial be clearly made, and shall
not in any way assume the original jurisdiction
of the rights of private persons and of prop-
erty within the States—with these conditions
clearly expressed in the section, I shall give
it my hearty support. These limitations will
not impair the efficiency of the section, but
will remove the serious objections that are
entertained by many gentlemen to the section
as it now stands.
I have made these criticisms, not merely for
the purpose of securing such an amendment
to the section, but because I am unwilling that
the interpretation which some gentlemen have
given of the constitutional powers of Congress
shall stand as the uncontradicted history of
this legislation. Amendments have been pre-
pared which will remove the difficulties to
which I have alluded ; and 1 trust that my
colleague [Mr. Sheixabaeger] and his com-
mittee will themselves accept and offer these
amendments. I am sure my colleague will
understand that I share all his anxiety for the
passage of a proper bill. It is against a dan-
gerous and unwarranted interpretation of the
recent amendments to the Constitution that I
feel bound to enter my protest.
Mr. SHELLABAKGEii. Mr. Speaker, I
know that my colleague [Air. Garfield] is as
sincerely convinced in regard to the proposi-
tion that he has been contending for as a man
ever was. And I want, therefore, to have the
benefit of his candid reply to a suggestion
which I will now make, and which maj' take
perhaps a minute or two to state,
1 understand that the effect of what he says
is, that as the first section of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution is a negation
upon the power of the States, and that as the
fifth section of that amendment only author-
izes Congress to enforce the provisions t hereof,
therefore Congress has no power by direct legis-
lation to secure the privileges and immunities
of citizenship, because the provision in each
section is in the form of a mere negation.
Now, what I want to ask ais attention to is
this: first, he will recognize that by virtue of
citizenship under the old Constitution there
was no power in Congress to touch the ques-
