1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
I could not vote the way I wanted I would not
vote at all. They then said, " Put him out." They
then put me out and slammed the door after me.
One of the party at the polls, named James
Jennings, said, "We will take his life before six
months;" and Mr. William Tennent said, "Yes,
damn him, we will do it." He also said," Damn him,
he is the damned leader that is keeping the others
from voting the Democratic ticket." I told thorn
before leaving that I was a Radical, and did not care
who knew it; and 1 did prevent a great many .from
voting the Democratic ticket, and I will still do so.
The next outrage I witnessed was, Ellington Searles
had a mill burned; a man that lived with me, named
Mack Martin, was accused by Mr. Searles of break-
ing into the mill before it was burned. Mr. Searles
came to the place I was living on with a party of
eleven, and took this man Mack out in the broad
daylight and carried him up the road about a quar-
ter of a mile from the house, and gave him sixteen
hundred lashes, which I saw. They had a ferocious
dog; after they had whipped him they put the dog on
him, and the dog attacked him, naked as he was, and
tore large pieces from his side and limbs, and they
all gathered pine-knots and placed around the man
and said they would scorch him. Some of the party
begged them not, to, and it was not done. This all
occurred about twelve o'clock in the day.
The following are taken from the Charleston
News of November 5, 1870, the leading organ
of the Democratic party of South Carolina, in
which they are introduced approvingly, as
showing the spirit of the Democratic press.
Speaking of the unbroken adhesion of the col-
ored people of South Carolina to the Repub-
lican party at the late general election in that
State, the Newberry Herald of November 3
says, addressing its white Democratic readers :
" Remember that we are the white people, and that
they are the negro; that they have chosen their
ground and arrayed themselves against us with a
determination and hate which are unmistakable, and
that our policy i  to let them alone and take caie
of ourselves. Bur, we must have organization, not
politically, be it remembered, and the views below
are worth consideration. Let us have a thorough
understanding and a union ot the whole white peo-
ple of the State, not loigetting cither the worthy
exceptions among the negroes who have identified
themselves with us, or any others who may bee ill to
east their lines in with us."
In the same spirit the Darlington Democrat
of the same date says :
"The lime for temporizing, argument, and con-
ciliation is passed ; we shall have no more of it. A
straight and severe line must be drawn between the
races. The colored people have chosen their ground
with the advice of the ringleaders, and they must
follow it out without aid or sympathy from their
former white friends. The white people have the
power and the brains and the determination to hold
their own and protect themselves, and they will do
so. The negroes have followed their deviccs one
time too many, and now let them look to others for
help, assistance, and sympathy."
The Charleston News of November 7,1870,
referring to the result of the election, declares:
*'We understand, therefore, and accept the solid
black vote cast against the nominees ot the Reform
party asadeclaration of war by thenegrorace agawist
the white race, by ignorance against intelligence, by
poverty against actual or potential wealth. This
issue we have striven to avoid, but the negroes will
have nothing else. They will not allow us to work
with them. We must, if necessary, work against
them. Conciliation, argument, persuasion, all have
been worse than useless. The white people stand
alone. And they must organize themselves, and arm
themselves, not as ' a white man's party,' but because
the past and present prove that decency, purity,
and political freedom, as well as the preservation of
society, are identical with the interests of the white
people of the State."
The following is an official copy of a Ku
Klux order published in the Charleston News
of January 31, 1871, and vouched for as au-
thentic by the correspondent of that journal,
writing from the State capital. It was issued
from the county of York, and was posted at
the county auditor's office:
Headquarters K. K. K.,
January 'Z2, 18/1.
Resolved, That in all cases of incendiarism ten of
the leading colored people and two white sympa-
thizers shail be executed in that vicinity.
That if any armed bands of colored people are
found hereafter picketing the roads, the officers ot
the company to which the pickets belong shall be
executed.
That all persona reported as using incendiary lan-
guage shall be tried by the high court of this order
and be punished at their discretion.
The different, officers are charged with the execu-
tion of these resolutions.
By order of K, K. K.
Copy tor York.
The same paper, referring to the terrible out-
rages practiced upon the unoffending blacks of
the up country, admits the existence of the Ku
Klux as a powerful armed organization. It
"We doubt not that Governor Scott, through the
proper civil officers, will promptly indicate the way
in which the citizens of York may express, in action,
their published determination to put an end to scenes
of violence which disgrace any civilized community."
To show that the design of the Ku Klux is
political, and that its organization is intended
to secure the control of the State administra-
tion by force, I present the followiug, from the
Spartanburg (South Carolina) Republican of
March 22 of the present year;
Ku Klux in Union.—The Ku Klux last week
posted a notice on the bulletin-board at the court-
house in Union to the effect that the county com-
missioners, the school commissioner, and the mem-
bers of ihe Legislature must resign their positions
by the 27th instant.
We understand that the sheriff, the school com-
missioner, and the clerk of the county commission-
ers have, in obedience to this order, tendered their
resignations, and it is thought that other officers
will follow their example.
The following is the document found posted in
Union:
K. K. K.
Headquarters, Nintii Division, S. C.,
Special Orders .No. 3, K. K. K.
" Ignorance is the curse of God."
For this reason we are determined that members
of the Legislature, the school commissioner, and the
county commissioners of Union shall no longer offi-
ciate.
Fifteen days' notice from this date is therefore
given, and if they, one and all, do not at once aud
forever resign their present inhuman, disgracelul,
and outrageous rule, then retributive justice will as
surely be used as night follows <tay.
Also, "An honest man is the noblest work of God."
For this reason, if the clerk of the said board of
county commissioners and school commissioners
does not immediately renounce and relinquish his
present position, then har?>her measures than this
will moat assuredly and ceitamiy be used. For con-
firmation. reference to the orders heretofore pub-
lished in the Union Weekly Tunes and Yorkville
Enquirer will more fully and completely show our
intention.
By order Grand Chief:
A. 0., Grand Secretary.
March 9, A. D. 1871.
I copy, sir, from the Columbia (South Car-
olina,) Daily Union of March 10, 1871, the fol-
lowing. It is the unimpeachable testimony of
an officer of your own Army :
The Ku Klux or Council of Safety,— A dispatch-
bearer, Major Whitehead, United States Army,
from thepo^of United States troops at Yorkville.
brought yesterday the following important intelli-
gence from that locality. The dispatches explain
themselves, and we submit th^m with the voucher
of bare and naked truth, having tired long ago
of the monotony ot chronicling these daily outrages.
The Governor has telegraphed to Washington the
facts, and also to General Terry, commanding the
department, stating that fighting is going on in
that county:
Headquarters Camp Sherman,
Yorkville, South Carolina, March 8,1870.
Governor: I respectfully state that, on Monday
morning last, the company ot militia known as the
" Carmel Iliii Company was atf-ickcd by a portion
of the organization styled "Ku Klux," and after a
running tight, lasting nearly three days, arrived in
close proximity to this place. The sheriff of this
county was notified of the coming of this company,
and he at once summoned a poise and proceeded to
arrest and disarm the members thereof. The com-
pany, consisting of two commissioned officers and
sixteen men, were brought into town^this evening
and are now confined in the county jail, to which I
have sent a guard of United States troops to remain
during the night to prevent violence to the prison-
ers. ,At daybreak to-morrow these prisoners will be
turned over by the sheriff to mc, and I shall hold
them subject to your orders.
1 also respectfully state that the arms taken from
this company are being used this night in picketing
the roads leading from this place.
1 respectfully request that thirty days' rations for
twenty men be sent here without delay to subsist the
members of the above-mentioned company until an
opportunity offers for their return to their homcF.
Answer by telegram if you intend to subsist these
men until they can go to their homes in satety.
I respectfully sug?est that five thousand rounds of
ammunition be sent from your arsenal lor the use of
this company, as they must re!y upon their personal
courage for that protection which it.-eems cannot be
obtained in any other manner until civil law vegu-
lates itself in this county.
Very respectfully,
JOHN CHRISTOPHER,
Captain Eighth United States hijontry.
HisExcellency R. K. Scott. Governor South Carolina,
Columbia, South Carolina.
Headquarters Camp Sherman.
Maichd,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to state for your official in-
formation that the arms taken from the militia com-
pany, now under your custody, were ased last night
for the purpose of guarding the principal roads lead-
ing to Yorkville, for the purpose of preventing tho
prisoners taken by you from res/ihing their homes
in safety in case of their discharge; that this guard
consists of the same illegal, unknown, and armed
band that made the raid upon the office of the
county treasurer.
I respectfully suggest that the civil authorities of
York county see that the arms taken by the posse
comitatus bo sent to my camp by sunset to-day, and
in addition, I respectfully suggest that the civil au-
thorities of your county see that tho roads leading
to Yorkville are not, picketed by the existing organ-
ization that call themselves the "Ku Klux" or
"Council of Safety." I have requested his Excel-
lency. the Governor of ihis State, by a special mes-
sage, to subsist these men until these roads are open.
I am, very respectfully. &c.,
JOHN CHRISTOPHER,
Captain Eighteenth United States Infantry.
Sheriff R. II. Glenn, York County, South Carolina.
Since the date of the publication of that cir-
cular many of the officers in the upper counties
have resigned in obedience fo the Ku Klux man-
date, while others have fled to the capital of
the State for security.
Now, sir, I have presented a few of the man-
ifold proofs that, did time allow, I could at once
present in support of the facts warranting the
passage of this bill. I have shown the declared
purpose of the Ku' Klux organization, and I
refer to the official records of nearly every
southern State during the past ten months to
show how that bloody purppse has been in part
executed. This bill will tend in some degree
to prevent its full achievement.
I do not wish to be understood as speaking
for the colored man alone when I demand
instant protection for the loyal men of the
South. No, sir, my demand is not so restricted.
In South Carolina alone, at the last election,
twelve thousand of the working white men in
good faith voted the Republican ticket, openly
arraying themselves on the side of free gov-
ernment. This class have discovered that the
same beneficent system that, emancipates the«
laborer of the one race secures the freedom
of the other. They understand that the shackle
that bound the arms of the black man threw a
deep shadow on the path of the laboring white.
The white Republican of the South is also
hunted down and murdered or scourged for
his opinion's sake, and during the past two
years more than six hundred loyal men of both
races have perished in my State alone.
Yet, sir, it is true that these masked murder-
ers strike chiefly at the black race. And here
I say that every southern gentleman should
blush with shame^t this pitiless and cowardly
persecution of the negro. If the former mas-
ter will yield no obedience to the laws of the
land he should at least respect the claims of
common gratitude. To him I say that the
negro, whom you now term a barbarian, unfit
for and incapable of self-government, treated
you in the day of your weakness with a for-
bearance and magnanimity unknown before
in the history of a servile population. In the
dark days of the war, when your strong men
were far to the front, the negro, with no
restraint save his own self-control, tilled youi
fields and kept watch and ward over your other
wise unprotected dwellings. He guarded the
person of your wife, the chastity of your daugh-
ter, and ihe helpless infancy of your children.
Nobly suppressing the manhood that burned
witlun him, he learned 44 to labor and to wait/7
and exhibited through all his weary years of
suffering and unrequited toil—
44 That calm reliance upon God
For su>tu;c m His own good time,
That gentleness to which belongs
Forgiveness tor its many wrongs."
And how do you requite him now? Be it
said to the shame of your boasted chivalry
among men of honor in every land, simply
because he exercises his privileges as an
American freeman, you would drive him into
exile with the pitiless lash or doom him to
