392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
swift murder, seeking your revenge for polit-
ical power lost by moving at midnight along
the path of the assassin!
It is the custom, sir, of Democratic journals
to stigmatize the negroes of the South as being
in a semi-barbarous condition; but pray tell
me, who is the barbarian here, the murderer or
his victim? I fling back in the teeth of those
who make it this most false and foul aspersion
upon the negro of the southern States. I
thank God that in the darkest chapters in the
history of my race there is no such record as
that unfolded by*She dread annals that tell the
story of the long-protracted horrors of Ander-
sonville.
I trust, sir, that this bill will pass quickly, and
be quickly enforced. History teaches us that
the adequate policy is the best. In one sec-
tion of the Union crime is stronger than law.
Murder, unabashed, stalks abroad in many of
the southern States. If you cannot now pro-
tect the loyal men of the South, then have the
loyal people of this, great Republic done and
suffered much in vain, and your free Constitu-
tion is a mockery and a snare.
It is recorded that on the entry of Louis
XVIII into Paris, after the fall of the great
Napoleon, an old marshal of the empire who
stood in the vast throng, unknown, was ad-
dressed by an ardent Bourbon who expatiated
on the gorgeous splendors that marked the
scene, and exclaimed: "Is not this grand?
Is it not magnificent? What is there wanting
to the occasion?" "Nothing," said the war-
worn veteran, as his mind wandered over Lodi
and Wagram and Austerlitz, and the hundred
other fields of victory where he struck beneath
the eagles of his now fallen chief. "Nothing,"
he answered with tremulous voice; "nothing
is wanting to the occasion but the presence of
the brave men who died to prevent it."
Such, sir, will b£ the bitter reflection of all
loyal men "in this nation, if the Democratic
party shall triumph in the States of the South
through armed violence.
* Mr. SMITH, of New York. _ Mr. Speaker,
after the exhaustive debate which has already
been had upon this measure, I shall make no
attempt to travel over the ground which has
been occupied by the gentlemen who preceded
me. I desire to make to the House, how-
ever, some suggestions which I have not heard
thrown out by other gentlemen in the progress
of this discussion.
First, let me say, Mr. Speaker, that in voting
npon this bill 1 very conscientiously desire to
do right without fear or favor. But the gentle-
men upon the opposite side of the House have
thrust a disturbing element'into this discus-
sion, and in very eloquent tones have warned
ijs that if we dare to vote for this bill the peo-
ple will be down upon us, they will be down
upon our children, they will be down upon
our children's children. Now, I might possi-
bly take some alarm at this suggestion if my
memory did not teach me that it is the same
old intermittent spasm that we have seen a
good deal of before now, if I did not recollect
one of the first exhibitions of it in the days of
honest Abe Lincoln, when, in the words of a
toast that was given at a festival and went the
rounds of the papers, the whole Democratic
party exclaimed:
" Damn the goose
Which grew tho quill
That made the pen
That wrote the proclamation  
Of emancipation."
Sir, I do not apprehend that there is any
danger to our children from our supporting
this bill, nor do I apprehend that there will be
any danger to the children of the gdntlemen
upon the opposite side of the House if they
vote against it, for history has proved that the
American people are magnanimous. They
Will forgive anything. If they would not there
would hardly be so large a representation upon
the opposite side of the House as there is
to-day.
Again, sir, it is said to us, and very patron-
izingly and very kindly from the opposite side
of the House, that the Republican party is on
its last legs. I cannot but feel a very deep sense
of gratitude at the solicitude which the gentle-
men on the opposite side of the House have
expressed for the perpetuity and prosperity of
the Republican party. I have seen hours in
its history when I have felt some apprehen-
sions, Mr. Speaker, and if this was one of
those hours I should be reassured with the
reflection that there is a national convention
to nominate a President near at hand ; and,
sir, our friends on the opposite side of the
House, true to their instincts and true to their
history, as sure as the world, will cut some
caper that will put us out of the woods.
Mr. Speaker, I can hardly believe that there
is any gentleman upon this side of the House
who can cherish the thought that his own con-
science, or the great and proud party that
stands behind him, will excuse him for waver-
ing at this critical moment from any fear that
harm is going to happen to the great and glo-
rious party that rules this country. Sir, that
party took its origin in the theory that rigorous
right was to be done to all men at all times.
That party sprang at once into power, like the
goddess, full-armed, from the brain of Jupiter,
because its political faith took hold upon the
public conscience.
There, sir, lies the secret of a wise states-
manship. So long as this party can maintain
its hold upon the public conscience, so long,
and I pray God, no longer, may it maintain its
power. Sir, the history of the past ten years
ought to have proved to doubting minds that
it is always safe to do right, that it is always
wise to do right, that it is always expedient to
do right. And though, sir, I am not a poli-
tician, and have come to this House from a
professional cloister, I am bold to say that a
genuine and wise statesmanship, certainly all
the statesmanship that I am master of, can be
summed up in a single word. For a political
party, and for a nation, as for an individual,
there is no path of safety but the path of duty.
Now, Mr. Speaker, do these alleged out-
rages exist? The people of the country, who
have not the opportunity which we have here to
investigate and examine the evidence of their
existence, will take their views very largely
from the opinions of this House. Upon this
side of the House there is scarcely a man
who is not satisfied, from common fame, from
the message of the President, from the report
of the Senate eommittee, that these alleged
outrages do exist, that the men perpetrating
these outrages are organized and sworn whose
violence is directed to the destruction of the
amendments of the Constitution.
What do we hear upon the opposite side of
the House? Some gentlemen deny the exist-
ence of any such outrages, and couple with
that denial—and I am mistaken if there is an
exception to this—they couple with the denial
the allegation that such outrages as do exist
are perpetrated by negroes upon white men, or
are retaliatory upon negroes who are organized
into Loyal Leagues. And the plea of every one
of those gentlemen is a dilatory plea; a plea
in extenuation, not of unqualified denial.
So, sir, it comes to this: by the united voice
of this House, of gentlemen upon both sides
of this House, these alleged outrages in the
southern States do exist. Men are murdered ;
their property is burned or otherwise destroyed ;
they are scourged, and the local law is not
administered so as to demonstrate its power to
reach these offenses or to defend the citizens
who are subject to them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, without going into this
evidence in detail, let us start from this point.
Then the question recurs, what action is it
incumbent upon this House to take ? An in-
vestigating committee has been ordered by a
resolution of this House. How does the action
of this House in ordering the appointment of
that committee meet the exigency of the hour?
Not only do gentlemen upon this side of the
House believe that these alleged outrages exist,
but they believe that from now until Decem-
ber next, when Congress shall meet again, they
will continue to exist.
The question is not how many men will be
subject to these outrages. The only question
upon the consciences of the Republican mem-
bers of this House is this : is there one man
who in his person represents the inviolability
of the Constitution that will be subjected to
lawless violence against the provisions of that
Constitution ? If there be one, then the duty-
is imperative upon us to make adequate pro-
vision for his protection. Why, sir, if that be
not so; if it be urged that this investigation
has answered our official duty, what is the
situation? A hundred men, more or less,
come to us and say, "We have always been
true to the Constitution; we have been ' faith-
ful among the faithless found ;' we are likely
to be butchered; we ask your protection."
And what do we say to them? We answer ia
these words: " We have appointed an invest-
igating committee to go through the South
and make inquiry into these matters ; we are
now ready to adjourn ; we cannot bother our-
selves with this thing now; but we have in
advance impaneled a coroner's jury to inquire
into the manner of your taking off; and may
God have mercy on your souls."
Sir, I repeat that the organization of that com-
mittee does not discharge the duty of the hour;
and so far as that legislation is designed to take
the place of other measures for the more ade-
quate protection of these men, I know of no
parallel for it, unless it be the Spanish mata-
dore, who comes in when a man is dying and
puts her elbow on his stomach to ease his.
breath.
Mr. Speaker, our nation has but recently
emerged from a great and destructive war : we
have accumulated a mountain of debt. Death,
sir, has flung its shadow in at every door.
Now, sir, what have we got to show for it ?
What are the fruits of this war ? Are they, sir,
that the corn-fields of Virginia have put on a
greener hue because enriched by northern
blood? Are they that the bones of Union
soldiers have been gathered on the Virginia
battle-fields, and sold in the Baltimore mar-
kets at one cent per pound? Are they, sir*
that seventeen confederate officers who have
received the amnesty of the Government are
now members of this House ? And no one
welcomes them more heartily than I do.
Sir, what are the fruits of this war? For all
the money expended, for all the suffering en-
dured, what have we got to show? The only
fruits of this terrific struggle, sir, are embodied
in the three late amendments to the Constitu-
tion. Sir, if it was the duty of the Union sol-
dier on the battle-field to win those fruits, is it
not doubly our duty religiously to save them ?
Now, sir, I have listened to the arguments
of gentlemen upon the opposite side of this
House with a great deal of interest, desiring to
glean from them, if I could, whether we are
henceforth to be at peace in the undisturbed
enjoyment of these amendments of the Con-
stitution. Only two of the gentlemen upon the
opposite side of this House, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,} so far as I have
noticed, have expressed their purpose to abide
by the constitutional amendments. But, sir,
I should like to be certified whether it is the
opinion of these gentlemen or of other gentle-
men upon the opposite side of the House that
these amendments have been legally ratified
and are binding as a part of the Constitution,
or whether we are henceforth to depend upon
Democratic grace for the peace which we hope
to secure under the amended Constitution.
Sir, the party represented by the minority
on this floor have never declared themselves,
and they will not declare themselves until
