154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho, of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Garfield.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
lion of the elective franchise; that was re-
ferred by the old Constitution t,o the clause
which said that electors should be those who
were electors for the most numerous branch
Df the State Legislature. Now, then, the fif-
teenth amendment was also a mere negation
upon the powers of the States and of the Uni-
ted States, saying that no State nor the United
States shall take away the right to vote on
account of color, race, &c. That also is
another negation. The old clause in the Con-
stitution in regard to elections did not give
Congress the power to touch the question as
to who should vote, but simply gave them
power to regulate.the time, place, aud manner
of casting the vote by those who could vote
under State authority. Now, I ask my col-
league's attention to this. We have passed
here an act which enforces the fifteenth amend-
ment, which amendment was a mere negation
also upon the power of the States. It is pro-
vided m the first section of that act that all
citizens of the United States shall have the
right to go into the States from a mere nega-
tion, to.say who shall vote at township and
every other election. Then, under the fif-
teenth amendment, lie goes directly to the
citizen and punishes the man who deprives
any one of the right to vote, which he gets
under Federal law, and in contravention of
the constitutions of one half of the States in
the Union, as my learned colleague said the
other day. 1 push liiin now and demand that
ho shall push Ins logic to its consequences.
Mr. G AKFIELD, of Ohio. If thecase stands
in all respects exactly as my colleague puts it,
it might push me to the conclusion that some
of the provisions of the enforcement uet are
unconstitutional; but I do not admit either
the premises or the conclusions. My colleague
very well remembers that many distinguished
men in this House and in the Senate claimed
that tne right of suffrage was in the old Con-
stitution without this liliepiith amendment.
Mr. iSlIKbLAliAUCiKI!.. And many de-
nied it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It makes no dif-
ference who denied it; the fact is, that it has
again and again been elaborately argued upon
tins floor that t.heelause in the mam text which
gives to Congress the power to regulate the time,
place, ami manner of holding elections carried
with it the whole question of suffrage. I was
never able to believe that this clause went so
far; but I did believe, and I do now believe,
that it goes so far that, with the fifteenth amend-
ment, superadded, Congress isartned with more
than a mere negative power, and had the right
to pa.ss tho enloicemeiH law of May last.
iiut I call my colleague's attention to the
peculiar language of the liti.ee.nth amendment.
JI is not, as his remarks imply, a mere pro-
hibition to the State, a simple negation of
power. Jt is a double prohibition, reaching, in
terms, both ilie State and the United States.
This is the language :
AiiTicr.u XV.
"Sacrtosl. The right of eiti/.ens of the United
Stales to vote shall not, bedemed or abiidjtod by Lho
United ritatesor by any .Sums on account of race,
Color, or previous condition of servitude.
"8l-:c. 2. The Congress shall have power to en-
force this articlo by appropiiate legislation."
This double prohibition Congress may en-
force.
Now, Mr. Speaker, [ call the attention of
the House to the third section of the bill. I
am not clear as to the intention of the com-
mittee, but if I understand the language cor-
rectly, this section proposes to punish citizens
oi the United States for violating State laws. It'
tl-isbfethe meaning of the provision, then when-
ever any person violates a State la>v the Uni
ted States may assume jarisdie'ion of his
ollense. _ Phis would virtually aboli.-di the ad-
ministration of justice under Slate iaw. In so
far as tins section punishes persons who under
color of any State law shall deny or refuse to
others the equal protection of the laws. I give
it my cheerful support; but when we provide
by congressional enactment to punish a mere
violation of a State law, we pass the line of
constitutional authority.
SUSPENSION OP THE PRIVILEGES OP HABEAS CORPUS.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is one provision in
the fourth section which appears to me both
unwise aud unnecessary. It is proposed not
only to authorize the suspension of the priv-
ileges of the writ of habeas corpus, but to au-
thorize the declaration of martial law in the
disturbed districts.
I do not deny, but I affirm the right of Con-
gress to authorize the suspension of the priv-
ileges of the writ of habeas corpus whenever
in cases of rebellion or invasion the public
safety may require it. Such action has been
and may again be necessary to the safety of
the Republic: but I call the attention of the
House to the fact that never but onec in the
history of this Government has Congress sus-
pended the great privileges of this writ, and
then it was not done until after two years of
war had closed all the ordinary tribunals of
justice in the rebellious districts, and the great
armiesof the Union, extending from Maryland
to the Mexican line, were engaged in a death-
struggle with the armies of the rebellion. It
was not until the 3d day of March, 1800, lliat
the Congress of the United States found the
situation so full ol peril us to make it then-
duty (o suspend this greatest privilege enjoyed
by Anglo-Saxon people. Are we ready to say
that an equal peril confronts us to day ?
My objection to authorizing this suspension
implies tio distrust of the wisdom or patriotism
of the President. I do not believe he would
employ this power were we to confer it upon
him; and if he did employ it, I do not doubt
he would use it with justice and wisdom. But
what we do on this occasion will be quoted as a
precedent hereafter, when other men with other
purposes may desire to confer this power on
another President for purposes that may not
aid in securing public liberty and public peace.
But this section provides no safeguard for
citizens who may be arrested during the sus-
pension of the writ. There is no limit to the
lime during which men may he held us prison-
ers. Nothing in the section requires litem to
bo delivered over to the courts. Nothing in
it gives them any other protection than the
will of the commander who orders their arrest.
'J'he law of March 3, 1803, provided that
whenever the privileges ol the writ were sus-
pended all persons arrested, other than pns
oners of war, should be brought before the
grand jury of some district or encuit court of
the United States, aud if no indictment should
be lound against them they must, on the dis-
charge of the grand jury, be immediately (lis
charged from arrest; and the ollicer who should
detain any unindieted person beyond that limit
was liable to fine and irnpi isonment.
Mr. SUELLABARtiEll. The bill refers it
to the very law the gentleman cites; gives it
to the operation of that law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague
is mistaken ; the law of March 3. 18G3, was a
temporalj act and expired with the rebellion.
It is not contained in Brightly's Digest, and
is no longer in force. Should the writ he sus-
peuded, I shall ask the House to reenact the
I second section of the law of 18(33.
| MARTIAL LAW.
j lSut, sir, this fouith section goes a hundred
| bowshots further than any similar legislation
i of Congress during the wildest days of the
| rebellion. It authorizes the declaration of
martial law. We are called upon to provide
by law lor the suspension of all law! Do
gentlemen remember what martial law is?
Ueler to the digest of opinions of the Judge
i Advocate General of the United States, aud
you will find a terse definition which gleams
like the flash of a sword-blade. The Judge
Advocate says: '■ Martial law is the will of
the general who commands the army." And
Congress is here asked to declare martial law.
Why, sir, it is the pride and boast of England
that martial law has not existed in that coun-
try since the Petition of Right in the thirty-
first year of Charles II. Three years ago
the lord chief justice of England came down
from the high court over which he was pre-
siding to review the charge of another judge
to a grand jury, and he there announced that
the power to declare martial lav/ no longer
existed in England. In 1867, the same, judge,
in the case ot The Queen vs. Nelson, uttered
this sentence:
"There is no such law m existence as martial law,
and no power in the Crown to proclaim it."
In a recent treatise entitled 'The Nation, a
work of great power and iesearch, theauthor,
Mr. Mullbid, sa\s:
"The declaration of martial law, or the suspen-
sion oi the huhettv t'o/jpu*, is tIks intermission ol the
ordinary eouiseot law. and ol iho tribunals lo which
all appeal may be made. Itplacesthe 1 oca Illy in-
cluded in its operations no longer under the £ovcrn-
mentof law. It interrupts tho process ol rights and
the proecduro of courts and icsi nets the independ-
ence oi civil administration. Thero is substituted
tor these the intention of tho individual. To this
thero is in theeivil order no iornial limitation. In
its immediate acl ion it. allows beyond itself no obli-
gation and acknowledges no responsibility. Its com-
mand orits decree is the only law; its movement
ill iv be secret, and its decisions are open to the in-
quhy of no jiidi,-- and the investigation ot no tu-
bulin). There is no positive power which in.iy acl,
or be called upon to acl, tost av lis caprice or to check
its arl.itiary careei since judgment ..nd execution
are ill us own eonima.nd, and the lioiinal action mid
administration is suspended and the ortiautzi-d torco
of the w hole is subordinate to it."—'lSo-O.
'J'he Supreme Court, in ex parte Miliigan,
(d Wallace, 12-1) examined the doctrine that
in time of war the commander of an urmi'd
force has power within the lines of the tinili
tary district to suspend all civil rights, and
subject citizens as well as soldiers to the rule
of his will.
Mr. Justice Davis, who delivered the opinion
of the court, said :
" If this position is sound to the extent claimed,
then, when war exists, foreign oi domestic, and the
country is subdivided into military department (or
mere convenience, the coninuiuler of ono of them
can, if heehooses, within liislimtis, on the plea of
necessity, with tho approval ol the Executive, sub-
stitute militaiy force for and Ui the exclusion of the
laws, and punish all persons as ho thinks right and
proper, without fixed or certain rules.
" The statemen t of this pi oposition shows its im-
portance; for, if true, republican go\ernment is
a f.uluie, ami there is an end ol liberty regulated
by Imr. Martial law established on such a basis
destroys eveiy pcuarniiteo ol the Constitution, and
ettectually renders the "miliiary independent, ot
and supoiior to the civil power;" tho attempt to do
which by tne kin>* of *ire.it Britain was, deemed by
our lathers such an offense that they assigned it. to
the world as one of the causes which impelled them
todecl.lre their independence. Civil libeity and this
kind of niait'ml law cannot endure togethci; Ihe
antagonism is irreconcilable; and, iu the conflict,
one or the oilier must peri.-h. " •*-<-• a
"Martial law cannot arise from a threatened in-
vasion. The necessity must be actual anil present;
the invasion leal, such as effect ually closes the courts
and deposes theeivil adiniuistr ilion."
"Martial rule can never cxijtwhere the courts are
open and in the piopor and uuobslruc.i ed exeieise
of their jurisdiction. It is also eonlined to tho
locality of actual war.''
The court was unanimous in the decree
which was made in this case, thougti four of
the judges dissented from some of the opin-
ions expressed by the court. Yet these dis-
senting judges united in a declaration that
martial law can oniy be authorized in time of
war, and for the purpose of punishing crimes
against the security and safety of the national
Ibices. But no member of the court gave the
least support to the pioposition that, martial
law could be declared lo punish citizens of the
United Stales where the courts of t.he United
States were open, and where war, by its flam-
ing presence, has not made the administratios
