1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
after the events of the coming summer, upon
the question whether these amendments to the
Constitution are of legal and binding effect.
The same men who resisted the destruction
of slavery inch by inch, the same men who
resisted the advance of freedom inch by inch,
say to us now that there is an " irrepressible
conflict" at the South, and that these late
amendments of the Constitution are a usurp-
ation, and are impossible, from public senti-
ment at the South, to be enforced.
Now, Mr. Speaker, my point is (and I ask
gentlemen on this side of the House to weigh
it well) that if these disturbances are allowed
to continue during the coming summer and
until the next session of Congress, if you
allow the conviction to creep into the public
conscience that these constitutional amend-
ments cannot be enforced, then, sir, a great
and powerful political party will adopt if as
their platform, with a worn and weary people
tempted to adopt it in their consciences, that
these amendments of the Constitution, which
experience has proved cannot be enforced,
are illegal and invalid, that they wore adopted
by States under duress, and are not binding as
constitutional provisions.
Therefore, sir, the exigencies of this hour
demand that the Government shall prove now
that it has both the purpose and the power to
enforce these new provisions of the Constitu-
tion. Sir, this question is to be settled now,
and settled for all time to come ; and the great
duty that is incumbent upon the majority of
this House is, with religious fidelity, to guard
the liberties we have saved.
Mr. Speaker, it was said by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] in the course of
a very animated argument upon this bill, (I
quote his words:)
"It never entered into the brain of any set of
men till within the last few years—indeed, I may
say till now—that Congress could extend the power of
the Federal judiciary over questions arising out of
breaches of private contract, or to personal wrongs
between citizens of the same State—for example,
as the bill does, make assault and battery a felony
punishable in the courts of the United States. That
step taken, States, State laws, and courts are, as I
said, a mockery and a farce; consolidation and cen-
tralization is complete; the death knell of civil lib-
erty has struck: anarchy or empire has come."
A large part of the time which has been spent
in the argument of this bill by gentlemen on
the opposite side of the House has been to
demonstrate that it is unconstitutional for Con-
gress to assume to punish the offenses men-
tioned in this bill, when committed within the
limits of a State of the Union. Let us for one
moment examine this question. I wish these
gentlemen would tell us whether Congress can-
not protect its mail-carriers. Do they doubt
that it would be constitutional for Congress to
enact a law punishing an assault and battery
upon a mail-carrier?
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman will allow me
to tell him, I will say that there is now such a
law, and there ought to be.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The gentleman
means that it is a law of the United States?
Mr. BECK. Of course it is.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Certainly. So,
also, there is a law of Congress providing that
larceny of mail matter within the limits of a
State can be punished in the Federal courts.
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. So it is un-
questioned law that the murder of a Federal
judge could be punished by the authority of
the United States if Congress should see fit
to enact a law of that kind.
Now, sir, I would like the distinguished
gentleman from Kentucky to answer this ques-
tion: if Congress should enact a law that the
larceny of a man's naturalization papers should
be punishable in the Federal courts, would
such a law be constitutional or not?
Mr. BECK. It would not.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Woulditnotbe
under the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment, that guarantee to citizens of the right to
vote, and allowing Congress to enact laws to
protect them in that right? Why, sir, the
proposition is preposterous.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be indict-
able in the Federal courts to steal a man's
greenbacks?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Not at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are made by
the United States.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Not at all; and
for this reason: the offense is not committed
against the United States. But if the offense
be a violation of the laws of the United States,
who can punish it but the Federal courts? I
wish the distinguished gentleman from Illinois
would tell me, are offenses against the United
States punishable by the State courts? Why,
sir, if they be, the Governors of the States
could pardon the convicts and the United States
law could be rendered nugatory. I say to
these gentlemen, it is well-settled law and they
know it, or ought to know it, that no State
court can punish violations of United States
law. I say to these gentlemen it is well-set-
tied law that perjury on the application of a
foreigner for naturalization, committed within
the State, cannot be punished in a State court.
Mr. BECK. As the gentleman has referred
to me, will he allow me to ask him a single
question?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Yes, sir.
Mr. BECK. It is simply this: whether or
not the j limitation imposed by the Constitu-
tion on the judicial power of the United States
is not of itself a limitation of the legislative
authority; and when the judicial power ex-
tends over a certain class of cases, is not the
legislative authority necessarily limited to that
same class of cases?
Mr. SMITH of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I answer the gentleman. The authority of
Congress is enlarged by the fourteenth amend-
ment. Our friends on the opposite side have
kept the Constitution " on to warm'' for the last
ten years. The difficulty now is, they can-
not warm it in that old copper kettle they
have used so long. Like Topsy, the thing has
'' growed." Here is a new provision expressly
providing that Congress may enact laws to carry
into effect these provisions. If it be necessary
to guaranty to the poor voters of the South
their constitutional rights, that assault and
battery shall be punished, that murder shall be
punished, (if such provisions oflaw are " ap-
propriate legislation" to that end,) and that
conspiracy shall be punished, there is no ques-
tion under repealed adjudications that Con-
gress has competent and full power under this
amendment to enact such laws.
Let me say to the gentleman—and I think
he was the one who cited cases of uttering
counterfeit money—if it were not for express
provision of act of Congress a State court would
have no jurisdiction in proceedings for utter-
ing or making counterfeit coin of the United
States. But it is provided by express act of
Congress in such cases that the State courts
may have jurisdiction. Why, sir, the judiciary
act of 1789, which was enacted by the very
framers of the Constitution, provided that the
United States courts should have exclusive
jurisdiction of all criminal proceedings for
violation of laws of Congress, and it is only
where a concurrent jurisdiction is given to the
State courts, either by express language in
acts of Congress or by necessary implication,
that State courts, can entertain jurisdiction
of offenses punishable under laws of the Uni-
ted States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I repeat, if it were
necessary in order to guaranty to the newly-
made citizens of the southern States their right
to vote that Congress should punish murder,
assault and battery, or any other offense,
here is the full and ample authority in the
provisions of the Constitution to do it. And
the question, then, is not a question of constitu-
tional law; it is a question of expediency only.
Mr. Speaker, at this late hour I will not
occupy the attention of the House further than
to ask to have read by the Clerk a resolution,
which I propose to offer, so soon as I can get
an opportunity, to the House in order to testify
to our friends on the other side, and to allow
tiiis testimony to come from the Republicans
in this House, that the legislation which we
propose to take, which we mean shall be vig-
orous, and adequate for the protection of the
loyal men of the South, is not prompted by any
spirit of vindictiveness, but in a spirit of large
and patient magnanimity.
It was said, sir, in the early part of the ses-
sion, by several gentlemen on the opposite side
of the House, that when an amnesty bill was
passed they would vote for a law to suppress
these alleged outrages in the South. I believe
I have authority for stating that it is the sen-
timent of a large majority of gentlemen upon
this side of the House that, when we have first
cared for the faithful men of the South we ara
willing to testify our kind feelings, we are will-
ing to extend to these men the warm hand of
brotherhood by the passage of a law such as
is indicated in this resolution. When I have
an opportunity, sir, I will offer it to the House,
and gentlemen upon the other side shall be
assured that our feelings are not vindictive,
but are generous and kindly.
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman will allow me,
I desire to say that no man on this side of the
House has stated that hg would vote for this
bill under any circumstances. We never will.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I did not say
they would vote for this bill; but several gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House have
stated that they would vote for a bill for the
suppression of outrages in the South. I ask
the Clerk to read the resolution which I send
to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House legis-
lation for the further removal of political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth constitutional amend-
ment should follow, not precede, legislation for the
more ample protection of the people of the South
against lawless violence now rife .in certain of the
lately insurrectionary States, and that when an act
shall have been passed giving to such people ade-
quate protection this House will be prepared to pass
a bill for the further removal of such disabilities
containing the provisions of the amended bill re-
jected by vote of this House on the 14th March last.
[During the delivery of Mr. Smith's speech
the hour for taking a recess was, by unanimous
consent, extended until the conclusion of his
remarks.]
At four o'clock and forty minutes p. m. the
House took a recess till seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House at half past seven o'clock p. ro.
resumed its session, (Mr. Twichell in the
chair as Speaker pro tempore.)
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
resumes the consideration of House bill No.
320, to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, addressed the
House. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix. ]
Mr. RAINEY. Mr. Speaker, in approach-
ing the subject now under consideration I do
so with a deep sense of its magnitude and im-
portance, and in full recognition of the fact
that a remedy is needed to meet the evil now
existing in most of the southern States, but
especially in that one which I have the honor
to represent in part, the State of South Caro-
lina. The enormity of the crimes constantly
perpetrated there finds no parallel in the his-
tory of this Republic in her very darkest days.
There was a time when the early settlers of
New England were compelled to enter th&
