394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
fieldg, their homes, even the very sanctuary
itself, armed to the full extent of their means.
While the people were offering their worship
to God withii those humble walls their voices
kept time with the tread of the sentry outside.
But, sir, it must be borne in mind that at the
time referred to civilization had but just begun
its work upon this continent. The surround-
ings were unpropitious, and as yet the grand
capabilities of this fair land lay dormant under
the fierce tread of the red man. But as civil-
ization advanced with its steady and resist-
less sway it drove back those wild cohorts and
compelled them to give way to the march of
improvement. In course of time superior in-
telligence made its impress and established its
dominion upon this continent. That intelli-
gence, with an influence like that of the sun
rising in the east and spreading its broad rays
like a garment of light, gave life and gladness
to the dark and barbaric land of America.
Surely, sir, it were but reasonable to hope
that this sacred influence should never have
been overshadowed, and that in the history of
other nations, no less than in our own past,
we might find beacon-lights for our guidance.
In part this has been realized, and might have
reached the height of our expectations if it
had not been for the blasting effects of slavery,
whose deadly pall has so long spread its folds
over this nation, to the destruction of peace,
union, and concord. Most particularly has
its baneful influence been felt in the South,
causing the people to be at once restless and
discontented. Even jiow, sir, after the great
conflict between slavery and freedom, after
the triumph achieved at such a cost, we can
yet see the traces of the disastrous strife and
the remains of disease in the body-politic of
the South. In proof of this witness the fre-
quent outrages perpetrated upon our loyal
men. The prevailing spirit of the Southron
is either to rule or to ruin. Voters must per-
force succumb to their wishes or else risk life
itself in the attempt to maintain a simple right
of common manhood.
The suggestions of the shrewdest Demo-
cratic papers have proved unavailing in con-
trolling the votes of the loyal whites and blacks
of the South. Their innuendoes have been
evade,d. The people emphatically decline to
dispose of their rights for a mess of pottage.
In this particular the Democracy of the North
found themselves foiled and their money need-
less. But with a spirit more demon-like than
that of a Nero or a Caligula, there has been
concocted another plan, destructive, ay, dia-
bolical in its character, worthy only of hearts
without regard for God or man, lit for such
deeds as those deserving the name of tnen
would shudder to perform. Is it asked, what
are those deeds ? Let those who liberally con-
tributed to the supply of arms and ammuni-
tion in the late rebellious States answer the
question. Soon after the close of the war
there had grown up in the South a very widely-
spread willingness to comply with the require-
ments of the law. But as the clemency and
magnanimity of the General Government be-
came manifest once again did the monster
rebellion lift its hydra head in renewed defiance,
cruel and cowardly, fearing the light of day,
hiding itself under the shadow of the night as
more befitting its bloody and accursed work.
I need not, Mr. Speaker, recite here the
murderous deeds committed both in North
and South Carolina. I could touch the feel-
ings of this House by the story of widows and
orphans now wandering amid the ravines of
the rural counties of my native State seeking
protection and maintenance from others who
are yet unable, on account of their own pov-
erty, to grant thein aid. I could dwell upon
the sorrows of poor women, with their help-
less infants, cast upon the world, homeless
and destitute, deprived of their natural pro-
tectors by the red hand of the midnight assas-
sin. I could appeal to you, members upon
this floor, as husbands and fathers, to picture
to yourselves the desolation of your own happy
firesides should you be suddenly snatched
away from your loved ones. Think of gray-
haired men, whose fourscore years are almost
numbered, the venerated heads of peaceful
households, without warning murdered for
political opinion's sake. In proof I send to
the desk the following article and ask the
Clerk to read. It is taken from the Spartan-
burg (South Carolina) Republican, March 29,
1871.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Horrible Attempt at Murder by Disguised Men.—One
of the most cowardly and inhumrn attempts at murder
known iti the annals of crime was made last Wednes-
day night, the 22d instant, by a band of disguised
men upon the person of Dr. J. Winsmith at his home
about twelve miles from town. The doctor, a man
nearly seventy years of age, had been to town dur-
ing the day and was seen and talked with by many
ot our citizens. Returning home late, he soon after-
ward retired, worn out and exhausted by the labors
of the day. A little after midnight he was aroused
by some one knocking violently at his front door.
The knocking was soon afterward repeated at his
chamber door, which opens immediately upon the
front yard. The doctor arose, opened the door, and
saw two men.in disguise standing before him. As
soon as he appeared one of the men cried out,' Come
on, boys! Here's the damned old rascal.' The
doctor immediately stepped back into the room,
picked up two single-barreled pistols lying upon
the bureau, and returned to the open door. At
his reappearance the men retreated behind some
cedar trees standing in the yard. The doctor, in his
night clothes, boldly stepped out into the yard and
followed them. On reaching the trees he fired, but
with what effect he does not know. He continued
to advance, when twenty or thirty shots were fired
at him by men crouched behind an orange hedge.
He fired his remaining pistol and then attempted to
return to the house. Before reaching it, however,
he sank upon the ground exhausted by the loss of
blood, and pain, occasioned by seven wounds which
he had received in various parts of his body. As
soon as he fell the assassins mounted their horses
and rode away.
" The doctor was carried into the house upon a
quilt, borne by his wife and some colored female ser-
vants. The colored men on the premises fled on the
approach of the murderers, and the colored women
being afraid to venture out, Mrs. Winsmith herself
was obliged to walk threo quarters of a mile to the
house of her nephew. Dr. William Smith, for assist-
ance. The^ physician has been with Dr. Winsmith
day and night since the difficulty occurred, and
thinks, we learn, that there is a possible chance of
the doctor's recovery.
"The occasion of this terrible outrage can be only
the fact that Dr. Winsmith is a Republican. One
of the largest land-holders and tax-payers in the
eounty, courteous in manner, kind in disposition,
and upright and just in all his dealings with his
fellow-men, he has ever been regarded as one of the
leading citisensof the county. Kor many years prior
to the war he represented the people in the Legisla-
ture. and immediately after the war he was sent to
the senate. Because he has dared become a Repub-
lican, believing that in the doctrines of true repub-
licanism only can the State and country find lasting
peace and prosperity, he has become the doomed
victim of the murderous Ku Klux Klan.
The tragedy has cast a gloom over the entire com-
munity, and while we are glad to say that it has gen-
erally been condemned, yet we regret to state that
no step has yet been taken to trace out and punish
the perpetrators of the act. The judge of this
circuit is sitting on his bench; the machinery of jus-
tice is in working order; but there can be found no
hand bold enough to set it in motion. The courts
of justice seem paralyzed when they have to meet
such issues as this. Daily reports come to us of men
throughout the country being whipped; of school-
houses for colored children being closed, and of par-
tics being driven from their houses and their fam-
ilies. Even here in town there arc some who fear to
sleep at their own homes and in their own beds.
The law affords no protection for life and property
in this county, and the sooner the country knows it
and finds a remedy forit, the better it will be. Better
a ttmusand tunes the rule of the bayonet than the
humiliating lash of the Ku Klux and the murderous
bullet ot the midnight assassin."
Mr. llAINEY. The gentleman to whom ref-
erence is made in the article read, is certainly
one of the most inoffensive individuals I have
ever known. He is a gentleman of refinement,
culture, and sterling worth, a Carolinian of the
old school, an associate of the late Hon. John
0. Calhoun, being neither a pauper nor a pen-
sioner, but living in comparative affluence and
ease upon his own possessions, respected by all
fair-minded and unprejudiced citizens who knew
him. Accepting the situation, he joined the
Republican parti' in the fall of 1870; and for
this alliance, and this alone, he has been ve-
hemently assailed and murderously assaulted.
By all the warm and kindly sympathies of
our common humanity, [ implore you to do
something for this suffering people, and stand
not upon the order of your doing. Could I
exhume the murdered men and women of the
South, Mr. Speaker, and array their ghastly
forms before your eyes, I should not need
remove the mantle from them, because their
very presence would appeal, in tones of plain-
tive eloquence, which would be louder than a
million tongues. They could indeed—
"A tale unfold whoso lightest word
Would harrow up thy soul."
It has been asserted that protection for the
colored people only has been demanded ; and
in this there is a certain degree of truth, be-
cause they are noted for their steadfastness to
the Union and the cause of liberty as guaran-
tied by the Constitution. But, on the other
hand, this protection is equally desired for those
loyal whites, some to the manner born, others
wh<5, in the exercise of their natural rights as
American citizens, have seen fit to remove
thither from other sections of the States, and
who are now undergoing persecution simply on
account of their activity in carrying out Union
principles and loyal sentiments in the South.
Their efforts have contributed largely to further
reconstruction and the restoration of the south-
ern States to the old fellowship of the Federal
compact. It is indeed hard that their reward
for their well-meant earnestness should be that
of being violently treated, and even forced to
flee from the homes of their choice. It will
be afoul stain upon-the escutcheon of our land
if such atrocities be tamely suffered longer to
continue.
In the dawn of our freedom our young Re-
public was widely recognized and proudly pro-
claimed to the world the refuge, the safe asy-
lum of the oppressed of all lauds. Shall it be
said that at this day, through mere indiffer-
ence and culpable neglect, this grand boast of
ours is become a mere form of words, an utter
fraud? I earnestly hope not! And yet, if we
stand with folded arms and idle hands, while
the cries of our oppressed brethren sound in
our ears, what will it be but a proof to all men
that we are utterly unfit for our glorious mis-
sion, unworthy our noble privileges, as the
greatest of republics, the champions of freedom
for all men? I would that every individual
man in this whole nation could be aroused to
a sense of his own part and duty in this great
question. When we call to mind the fact that
this persecution is waged against men for the
simple reason that they dare to vote with the
party which has saved the Union intact by
the lavish expenditure of blood and treasure,
and has borne the nation safely through the
fearful crisis of these last few years, our hearts
swell with an overwhelming indignation.
The question is sometimes asked, Why do
not the courts of law afford redress ? Why the
necessity of appealing to Congress? We an-
swer that the courts are in many instances
under the control of those who are wholly in-
imical to the impartial administration of law
and equity. What benefit would result from
appeal to tribunals whose officers are secretly
in sympathy with the very evil against which
we are striving ?
But to return to the point in question. If
the negroes, numbering one-eighth of the pop-
ulation of these United States, would only cast
their votes in the interest of the Democratic
party, all open measures against them would
be immediately suspended, and their rights, as
American citizens, recognized. But as to the
real results of such a state of affairs, and
speaking in behalf of those with whom I am
conversant, I can only say that we love free-
dom more, vastly more, than slavery; conse-
quently we hope to keep clear of the Democrats !
In most of the arguments to which I have
listened the positions taken are predicated
upon the ground of the unconstiiutionality
of the bill introduced by the genileman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger.J For my part, 1
am not prepared, Mr. Speaker, to argue this
question from a constitutional standpoint
