1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Golladay.
Ho. of Reps.
but superior rights to those enjoyed by tbe
white man. This provision of the bill virtually
turns over to the mercies of negro juries every
white man, woman, and child who may be
charged with any of the offenses enumerated
in the bill, in nearly every State of the South,
for the reason that the test oath proscribes
white men from sitting on juries in the United
States courts. I here desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a statute in Brightly's
Digest, volume two, page 334, which estab-
lishes the qualifications for jurors of United
States courts:
"1. In addition to the existing causes of disquali-
fication and challenge of grand and petit jurors in
the courts of the United States, the following are
hereby declared arid established, namely: without
duress and coercion to have taken up arms or to
have joined any insurrection and rebellion against
the United States; to havoadhered to any rebellion,
giving it aid and comfort; to have given,directly or
indirectly, any assistance in money, arms, horses,
clothes, or anything whatever, to or lor the use or
benefit of any person or persons whom the person
giving such assistance knew to have joined, or to be
about to join, any insurrection or rebellion, or to
have resisted, or to be about to resist with force of
arms, the execution of the laws of the United States,
or who he had good ground to believe had joined, or
was about to join, any insurrection or rebellion, or
had resisted, or was about to resist, with force of
arms, the execution of the laws of the United States,
or to have counseled and advised any person or per-
sons to join any insurrection and rebellion,or to ie-
sist with force ot arms the laws of the United States.
"2. At each and every tercn of any court of the
United States the district attorney, or other person
acting for and on behalf of the United States in said
court, may move, and the court in their discretion
mayreQuire, the clerk to tender to each and every
person who may be summoned to serve as a grand or
peti tj uror or venireman or talesman in said court,the
following oath or affirmation, namely: 4Youdosol-
emnlyswcartor aftum, as the case may be) that you
will support tho Constitution ot tbe United States of
Amcrica: that you havcuot. withoutduressandcon-
straint, taken up arms or joined any insurrection or
rebellion ugain&t the United States; that you have
not adhered to any insurrection or rebellion, giving
it aid and comfort; that you have not directly or in-
directly given any assistance,in money orany other
thing, to any person or persons who you knew or had
good ground to believe had joined or w;is about to
join said insurrection and rebellion, or had resisted
or wasaboulto resist, with force of arms the execu-
tion of the laws ot the United States; and that you
have not counseled or advised any person or persons
to join any rebellion against, or to resist with force
of arms, the laws of the United States.' Any person
or persons declining to take said oath shall be dis-
charged by the court from serving on the grand or
petit jury or venire to which he may have been
summoned.
"3. Each and every person who shall take the oath
herein prescribed, and who shall swear falsely to any
matter of fact embraced by it, sha) 1 be held to have
committed tho crime of perjury, and shall bo subject
to tho pains and penalties declared against that
crime."
This provision of the bill is both unconsti-
tutional and proscriptive. It is not only aimed
at a viial principle of our constitutional liberty,
but, sir, in the de°peration of party zeal, the
authors of the bill have dared here, at this
advanced period of the world's civilization, to
declarc against a principle of right which was
acknowledged centuries ago by English kings,
and has ever since formed the basis of Eng-
lish liberty.
Mr. Speaker, with the right of trial before
a jury of your peers abrogated, the very genius
of our Government is destroyed. Your courts
become bat the stage on which to enact the
tragedy of refined barbarity, in the torture of
victims whose doom had been sealed before
the act commenced. You at once inaugurate
despotism in its most revolting form ; the des-
potism of partisan malignity controlled only
for partisan purposes; the despotism of a mob,
where passion and prejudice usurp the throne
of power, and every means resorted to op-
press and destroy a people whose only fault is
a love of the liberty guarantied by the Consti-
tution of their fathers.
Mr. Speaker, in recounting some of the
wrongs under which the people of the South
have suffered, and which they have endured
with such forbearance, I cannot pass on with-
out calling the attention of the House to the
condition of South Carolina—poor, unfortu-
nate South Carolina! How my heart bleeds,
sir, when I think of the condition to which
the people of this noble State have been re-
duced. The pages of her history blaze with
the names of some of the grandest orators,
the most brilliant statesmen, and gallant sol-
diers this country has ever produced. The
Halls of this Capitol once resounded with the
eloquence of her statesmen, and when she is
now, as she often is, assailed on the floor of
this House, we vainly listen for words of
eloquent indignation to break forth in her
defense. But, alas! it is met with silence.
I know, sir, that the virtuous, the intelli-
gent,and the tax-paying citizens have no voice
in the government of their own State. The
Legislature that once was justly considered as
the most intelligent and eloquent State assem-
bly of any in the Union is now the haunt of
adventurers, thieves, and robbers. It is well
known that the last appropriation bill passed
by this shameless body was so infamously
outrageous and fraudulent that it was vetoed
by the present Governor, Scott. Just before
the election in October the negro militia, all
over the State, were armed and organized;
armed with breech-loadiug rifles—I cannot
name the number. My information is that
there were seventy thousand rifles issued. In
many localities they were insolent, insulting,
and boisterous, causing rows and dissensions
wherever they went.
Sir, the people of this downtrodden State
appeal to be permitted to take part in the ad-
ministration of their own local, State affairs,
and to be relieved to some extent from the
oppression and ruin brought upon them by the
infamous legislation of plunderers, strangers,
and thieves. I desire to have read a letter, just
received by me, from ageutleman of that State:
ClIESTERVILLE, SOUTII CAROLINA,
April 1,1871.
My Pear Sir: By your permission I will revive
the acquaintance that once existed between us in
tho days "that man's heart felt for man," and ask
you to contribute your influence in behalf of the
people of this State, and especially of the people of
the section in which I live. I have written to Hon.
A. S. Wallace, our immediate Representative in
Congress, on this subject.
We havo had much trouble here, and it will not
stop here unless we can havo some assurance of
beuer times. We, sir, have no share in tho admin-
istration of our local affairs. We have to pay the
enormous taxes imposed upon as by the most infa-
mous, irresponsible, and corrupt Legislature that
ever had a pretense of existence, and that, too,
without any share of representation in that body.
We have remonstrated, but in vain; we have peti-
tioned, but the result has been the same; and what
is left to us you, as a southern man, can readily im-
agine. "We have no need of the bayonet to tell us that
all appeal is hushed by its appearance. All wo ask
is, that our rights as citizens of a once prosperous
Governmentshould have some respect shown them;
that we should have at least a small share in the
administration of the government besides the pay-
ment of the taxes I have betore alluded to. We
have no necessity for any congressional legislation
on this subject at this time. If this can be averted
we may have some hope yet.
I hope, General, this letter, written in great haste,
may not be amiss, and its demands not unreason-
able, on the part of one who has known you so well
and so favorably.
I am, yours, very respectfully,
W. A. WALKER.
General P. M. B. Young.
I find, from such statistics as I am enabled
to reach at this time, that the bonded debt of
the State of South Carolina at the beginning
of the present State administration was about
five million dollars. It has now reached the
enormous sum of $16,000,000, I wish to call
the attention of the Howse to the following
estimates:
The average tax for ten years previous to 18G0 was
but  $431,0(K)
The year 1860 boing only  H'J2,000
The tax for 1868 was   1,808,000
The taxable value of the property of the
State in 18(50   490,000.000
Taxablo value in 1871 184,000,000
''It will be perceived that in 1860 tbe taxes were not
quite four hundred thousand dollars on a taxable
basis of about five hundred million dollars, whereas
the taxes of ISoS amount to 61,853,000, on a basis of
only $184,000,000; so that while the property of the
State was reduced to one third its former value, tho
taxes are increased nearly five hundred percent.
** It is true that this enormous increase is composed,
in part, of money spent iu reconstruction expenses,
and perhaps some additional interest on the public
debt. I find other items more striking in tho year;
185S, expenses of the Legislature $51,000
1868, expenses of the Legislature 270,000
1858, executive expenses  5.000
1868, executive expenses....  40.000
18j8, civil expenses  97,000
1868, civil expenses 218,000
"And the legislative appropriations fer the four
months'session which closed last month amount to
the enormous sum of §525,000.
"Two years'taxes are required to be paid this year,
amounting to over four million dollars, more than
sevenfold of the annual tax before tho war."
This is, Mr. Speaker, a frightful exhibit for
the impoverished people of that unfortunate
State. And yet, sir, they are a peaceable, law-
abiding, chivalrous people, and loyal to this
Government. They are, sir, daily defamed
and maligned because they cry out and writhe
under the tyranny of this ignorant mob mis-
called a Legislature.
Sir, we want peace; that peace you have
so long promised us, that peace which is guar-
antied by the Constitution, and which to day
is enjoyed by tho people of every State in the
North and in the West. We only ask to be
permitted to participate in the Government,
and to feel that it is our Government as well
as yours. Restore to us our old Government;
we wish to be citizens of none other. We
want no other Government; it is the Govern-
ment of our fathers and of yours; it is the
Government we desire to transmit to our pos-
terity. The Government of the United States
administered according to the Constituiion I
believe is the best Government in the world.
For one, sir, I can say without successful
contradiction that since the fall of the banner
of the lost cause 1 have labored zealously to
smooth over the bitterness and the asperities
of the past, and I have done all in my power
to bring peace, quiet, and harmony to our
distracted country. Lawless acts have been
committed in some localities of the South, but
to no such extent as has been alleged so often
in this House. Lawless acts occur everywhere.
I hey are not produced in the South fiom any
spirit of disloyalty to the Government; they
are but the natural offspring of oppression,
insult, and outrage, perpetrated upon the peo-
ple, and for which they have no legal redress.
Mr. Speaker, there is a remedy for all these
troubles. Restore to those people their rights
under the Constitution; restore to them the
responsibilities of citizenship in the Govern-
ment; extend to them the hand of fellowship,
and let them know that they are once more
restored to the confidence of the Government.
Lift from them all their legal ar.d political dis-
abilities, pardon all their political offenses.
Then, sir, you will have a country, not only
$bund together by its mountains, its rivers, its
laws, and its common interests, but a country
and a Government bound and cemented by the
affections of its people. Pardon them.^ It is the
spirit of peace; it is the spirit of justice ; it is
the spirit of charity; it is the command of God.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. E. T. GOLLADAY,
of tennessee,
Ix the House or Representatives,
April 4, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II. II. No. 320) to enforce tho provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. GOLLADAY said-
Mr. SPEAKER: In the days of my childhood
I was accustomed to regard the American
Congress the grandest assembly of wisdom
