896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1;
self to the question of the constitutionality of
this law and of the power of Congress to enact
it. What I have said about the facts is as
much as I feel authorized to say, as no facts
have been authentically brought before the
House, either in the message of the Executive
or otherwise; and, having no personal knowl-
edge that would enable me to speak of the facts
and to know that I am correct, I shall devote
110 more time to that. Now, as to the bill and
its constitutionality.
Now I ask the attention of the House to the
criminal offenses created by this bill and made
the subject of punishment. The language in
which these offenses are defined is as remark-
able as the manner in which they are to be
prosecuted or the jurisdiction to which they
are exclusively confined. No offense is com-
plete under the terms of this bill so as to
become the subject of judicial investigation
and punishment in the Federal courts, as pro-
vided in section two, unless it contains the
element either of murder, manslaughter, may-
hem, robbery, assault and battery, perjury,
subornation of perjury, criminal obstruction
of legal process, resistance to an officer in the
discharge of duty, arson, or larceny. Two or
more persons must have combined in the per-
petration of the offense. This is not sufficient;
the act must have been done in violation of
the rights, privileges, or immunities of a per-
son, to which such person is entitled under the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
The offense created with all these varied
features or elements is declared to be a felony
and visited with the same kind of punishment,
except in cases where murder may be one of
the incidents of crime, then the punishment is
capital. The offense which the bill professes
to punish consists in the violation of a right,
privilege, or immunity to which the citizen is
entitled under the Constitution and laws of
the United States. This is the best and the
only definition of the offense which the bill
contains. This language is not only vague
and general, but is exceedingly artful, and in-
tended doubtless to embrace much more than
the framer of it chose to express on the face
of the bill.
All this is but a pretext for asserting the
power in the Federal Government to adopt a
criminal code for the States, and to try and
punish specific offenses which have been from
the foundation of the Government until now
left to the exclusive control and jurisdistion of
the several States and of State tribunals. Strip
the States of the power to arrest, to try, and pun-
ish offenders against their own laws, as this bill
in fact does, then you leave them without the
power to protect the property, the lives, and
the liberties of their own citizens. Sir, this
measure is full of mischief, full of dangers that
maybe anticipated and many that cannot now
be foreseen. Let the friends of this bill call
it what they may ; let them seek to disguise its
enormity, its unconstitutionality if they will,
by strained constructions of the Constitution
and the plea of the public safety, it is but a
bold and dangerous assertion of both the power
and the duty of the Federal Government to
intervene in the internal affairs and police
regulations of the States and to suspend the
exercise of their rightful authority. Let this
bill become a law and be executed according
to its terms so far as it provides for judicial
punishment, and yon butpuuish murder, man-
slaughter, robbery, and the other crimes and
offenses named in the second section of the
bill; but the bill seeks to justify itself in this
assumed jurisdiction on account of some special
motive in the offender, or on account of the
special consequences flowing from the crime,
outside of and independent of the offenses
specified in the bill. The act must be in viola-
tion of the rights, privileges, or immunities
of the citizen, to which he is entitled under the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
The bill docs not furnish any classification
or enumeration of the rights, privileges, and
immunities sought to be protected by it under
penalty of ruinous fines and of imprisonment.
All this I presume is to be supplied hereafter
by construction and interpretation. No part
of this bill, no section of it, from the beginning
to the end, has any foundation or warrant in
the Constitution. It is at war with the spirit
of a republican Government. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] who intro-
duced this bill and who is the author of it,
seeks to find in the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution the power and author-
ity to justify its passage. The first and fifth
sections are the sections which it is claimed give
this power. Let us examine the language and
its meaning, first:
" A11 persons born or naturalized in the United
States andsubjeot to the jurisdiction thereof a,re citi-
zens of the United States and of the States wherein
they reside,"
This language gives no new power to Con-
gress, confers no new jurisdiction upon the
Federal courts, does not profess to do so.
The enlargement of the powers of Congress
was no part of the object of this provision. It
simply embraces within the body of the citizens
of the United States and of the States a class
of persons who before were excluded from cit-
izenship, or where citizenship at least was the
subject of perplexing controversy. Congress
under this provision has only the same power,
no more, no less, in respect to those who were
made citizens by this provision as it had in
respect to the citizen before its adoption.
Congress had the same power to legislate in
respect to the rights of citizens of the United
States before the adoption of this provision as
now.
Whether the number of citizens is greater
or less makes no difference as to the measure
of power or the mode of its exercise. While
all are declared to be citizens of the United
States, they are at the same time declared to
be citizens of the States in which they reside,
clearly manifesting no intention to increase
the power of Congress or to diminish the
fiower of the States so far as the first clause
of the section is concerned.
Now let us examine the remaining portion
of this same section : ■
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
Is this a grant of power to Congress?
Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law."
Is this a grant of power to Congress? Con-
gress is forbidden to do the same thing.
"Nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the eaual protections of the laws."
Is this a grantof powerto Congress? These
clauses are all limitations upon the power of the
States. The sophistry that seeks to maintain
thatadenial of power to the States is equivalent
to an affirmative grant of power to the Con-
gress or the Government of the United States
is past my comprehension. I hope the friends
of this measure will further enlighten the
House upon this negative provision of the Con-
stitution. The article declaring who should be
citizens of the United States and of the States
in which they reside did not confer the right
of suffrage or the right to hold office. These
rights, in the sense of the Constitution, are
not essential to citizenship. No argument is
needed to prove this; the evidence of it appears
on the face of both the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution.
The class of persons made citizens by the
first section of the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution were brought within the pro-
visions of every part of the Constitution affect-
ing or securing the rights of the citizen. I
come now to the fifth and last section of the
fourteenth article. I give the language:
The Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
It is easy to be misled sometimes by words
and phrases that are meaningless and empty.
Who ever doubted the power of Congress,
clothed with the functions of legislation by the
Constitution, to maintain in its appropriate
sphere any or all the provisions of the Con-
stitution dependent upon legislative action?
Will any one pretend that this section gives
to Congress any power that would not have
been passed under its general provisions as
completely without it, or assert that this
power is to be so exercised as to defeat and
annul other portions of the Constitution.
The power of Congress is still limited by all
the restrictions contained, the same as it was
before the adoption of this amendment. I
trust I have shown that no new or additional
power in respect to the subject-matter of this
bill is given to Congress by the first and fifth
sections of the fourteenth amendment. The
attempt to find this extraordinary power in the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution by
the friends of this bill is a confession by its
friends that it exists nowhere else in the whole
range of the Constitution.
But it may be said that so far as the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution pro-
hibits the States from denying to the citizen
the equal protection of the laws it introduces
a new principle and a new power in the Federal
Government, and gives Congress the power
to carry into effect this new principle of the
Federal Constitution. What State, I ask, as
an organized political civil society, speaking
through any or all of the departments into
which its powers are divided, legislative, judi-
cial, and executive, has denied to any the equal
protection of the laws? No such denial can
be found in the constitution or laws of any of
the States. To escape from the force of this
fact the third section of the bill provides that
the acts of private persons—an ordinary riot
or a mob occurring within the State—shall be
deemed an act of the State, a denial by the
State of the equal protection of the laws.
Should a State, disregarding these provis-
ions of the Constitution, enact laws denying
the rights intended thus to be secured, what
consequences would follow? Is it not plain
that such pretended laws would be void ? The
power to afford the remedy in such case
belongs, not to Congress, but to the judicial
department of the Government. The courts
would declare such acts null and void. The
Constitution of the United States is also a law
to the States, their citizens and officers. Gov-
ernors, judges, and members of State Legis-
latures are all required to take an oath to sup-
port it. Should Congress pass an act iu vio-
lation of the Constitution there is no remedy
but in the courts. Should a State pass au
unconstitutional act the remedy is precisely
the same.
This bill for the enforcement, as it is claimed,
of these negative provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution in favor of the
rights of the citizens is based upon a legal fic-
tion, invented, as the bill shows on its face, as
a pretext to authorize the President to inter-
fere at his pleasure and discretion and suspend
the powers and functions of the State govern-
ments and overthrow them by military power.
He is the sole judge of the circumstances which
shall authorize these acts. The fourth section
of the bill authorizes the President, under the
circumstances therein set forth, of which he is
the sole judge, to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, to set aside all civil law, to declare and
enforce martial law in the States. What, I ask,
is all this but an authority, a license to the
Executive, with no restraint but such as he
chooses to impose upon himself to involve this
country in civil war, or, what is still worse, to
destroy republican institutions and civil lib-
erty in this country? This bill is not confined
to the States of the South, but embraces all
the States, as it should do if adopted as tha
law for any. The President is not required,
under any contingency, to convene Congress;
no matter what consequences may flow from
the abuse of power granted by this bill. The
