158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Golladay.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
ami patriotism to be found on earth. It did
not then enter my dreams that I would be hon-
oied with a seat in this body. But, coming here
with little or no experience as to the reality,
I have indeed been surprised at the character
of I he patriotism and wisdom which have been
displayed during the last few days. Upon the
one side of this House the Congress seems to
be resolved into a simple jury of inquest. Day
in and day out we have been regaled by Repub-
licans with the reading of depositions, detail-
ing outrages here and there; depositions of
witnesses.whose characters are of the worst
and most doubtful order.
Sir, are we engaged in a great criminal
trial? If so, I demand for the South the
privileges provided by the Constitution and
the laws of the land. There can be no doubt
that this bill is leveled at the South and the
southern States only. Great constitutional
arguments have been hurled by the Democrats
against this bantling of iniquity, and are
answered by ex parte accounts of " raw head
and bloody bones" and appeals to the ven-
geance of the northern States. Congress has
been turned into a police court, and the South
is to be committed, denied bail, and turned at
once over to the tender mercies of a military
despotism for execution.
Sir, worse than all, the Constitution of the
United States is on trial, and if the verdict of
this Congress shall be against it we may well
afford to fold our hands in silence and sit down
by the grave of free institutions—a grave being
dug and prepared by men claiming to be the
representatives of a free people. I listened
with most profound attention to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buti.kr,] and was
pained that he should employ his intellect in
arousing and inllaming tile passions of the
North against the people of the South. Well
hua he studied this model speech of Mare
Antony over the deiul body of Caesar, and now
seeks by a recital of some terrible outrage,
occurring here and there throughout south-
ern States, to make the whole South indis-
criminately responsible for offenses which
they never sanctioned or approved either as
States or as communities. It is an appeal to
passion and not to reason. Such discourses
only serve to fan the (lames of hatred and
vengeance, to madden and keep alive sectional
feeling. To draw pictures of dark crimes occur
ring in the northern Stales, to paint them up
until all of our passions are aroused, and then
hold the whole North responsible for such in-
stances, would bo a wrong and an injustice
which neither her people nor her Representa-
tives would ever agiee to accept, tamely at the
hands of the southern spenke.is. We must slop
Crimination and recrimination, and seek by
other means than armies, martial law, abuses
and oppression to heal the wounds of the
country.
Mr. Speaker, there is no charily in the gen-
tleman's speech toward the people of the
South. He has carefully collected a few eases
ofoutrage,und, instead of leveling his thunders
a gainst the offenders, he indiscriminately abuses
the whole people of the South as a lawless
and God-forsaken pack. Sir, we have no one
so lost 10 honor and justice as to defend and
justify the crimes of which ho speaks. No
newspaper, no public speaker, no citiaen in
Our midst, can be found who would counte-
nance such for a moment. We no more excuse
murderers and thieves, by either law or pub-
lic sentiment, than did the good people of New
Yoik or Massachusetts justify and excuse the
murder of Nathan or Parkman. We were not
sent here to compile statistics of the criminal
dockets all over the land and make them the
basis ot inflammatory speeches, stirring anew
all the wicked and cruel passions which deluged
the land during the civil war. The Demo-
cratic party is a parly of law and order.
Mr. Speaker, the war is over by law as well
as in fact. The South has accepted the situ-
ation. Her governments have been restored
in obedience to the commands of the Consti-
tutien of the United States, and all the States
engaged in the late rebellion are again restored
to the Union. No sane man, no statesman,
no philosopher, contemplating cause and
effect, can demand a finer exhibition of law,
order, and thrift than the South has given
since hostilities closed. Her very heart had
been storm-swept and blood-drenched. Her
institutions, the nurture of years, had been
ruthlessly and suddenly broken up and changed
in the most violent manner. Those who had
been slaves, held and possessed under the
powers of her own constitutions and those
of the United States, were riot only freed,
but the noblest privileges of a freeman be-
stowed, while the unhappy and unfortunate
whites were deprived of these ancient rights
and privileges inherited from a noble ances-
try, and degraded below the condition of the
slave. The white man was deprived of the
ballot-box. Fortunes and estates had been
swept away. In such a terrible breaking up
of the old order of things the wonder is that
the South does not present a worse catalogue
of wrongs and crimes than she does.
I listened with great pleasure to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Moore,] in his fine
and statesmanlike review of the situation,
lie spoke the words of soberness and truth
when he declared that amnesty and a full
restoration were all that the South now needed.
But, sir, in spite of our efforts to return to
that condition so much to be desired, instead
of receiving a wise and friendly assistance,
instead of being restored to fraternal relations,
we are scorned, slandered, and abused. Wat-
still gleams upon the crest of our conquerors.
No love, no confidence is shown. Chains and
oppression still greet us. We are still to be
scourged. There is nothing generous or patri-
otic in such a course. The same fearful answer
returned by a Jewish king to a murmuring
people is all we hear: "1 will add to your
yoke ; my father hath chastised you with whips,
but 1 will chastise you with scorpions." And
may we not answer like them : " What portion
have we in David? Neither have we inherit-
ance in the son of Jesse."
CONSTITUTIONAL (SROtlNDS.
But, Mr. Speaker, before passing this meas-
ure we are invited by its friends to explore the
constitutional grounds upon which it rests.
We cheerfully accept the proposition. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kklley]
complained that we should interpose constitu-
tional objections. He has been so long run-
ning rioL with that Constitution and with war
measures that he seems now to be disturbed
that a time of peace has come, when we may
once more return to that grand old charter as
our guide. Our lips are yet warm with the
vows invoking God to help us keep that Con-
stitution in its purity and strength. And while
the lids of the Bible may be said to be scarcely
dry we are lectured and complained at because
we dare to discuss the provisions of that sacred
instrument. He says it is an old and hack-
neyed theme, upon which we have been raving
for teu years past.
I trust, sir, it may not be out of place to sug-
gest that had the powers and provisions of that
noble instrument.asinterpreted and expounded
by our courts and wisest statesmen been more
sacredly kept and observed by certain loyal
States and people, we would doubtless have
escaped the dark and bloody civil strife which
has filled the whole land with misery. If loy-
alty to the Constitution had been as faithfully
practiced as loyalty to abolitionism and to the
Republican party and its behests has been
practiced by many, then John Brown might
have had his grave dug in a more congenial
soil than that of Virginia and been less a mur-
derer. History will doubtless assign him the
distinction, whether to be desired or not, of
having fired the first gun in the terrible war
which jarred the continent to its center. Had
his gun but remained in its rack and been loyal
to the Constitution of his fathers the guns of
Sumter had never been heard save to repel a
foreign enemy. I will not forego my love for
that grand old charter, nor forget the vow which
binds me to its support by reason of the taunts
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. My tent
sballbepitched upon its ample folds and around
its bulwarks my camp-fires shall be lighted.
Mr, Speaker, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoar] said:
" Tho Declaration of Independence is the sublime
interpreted of the Constitution. Over evory line,
syllable, unci letter of tho Constitution the Declara-
tion of Independence sheds it flaming torch-light."
Sir, while the problem is new to me that
the grand old Declaration is one of the canons
for the correct interpretation of the Constitu-
tion, and while I may regret that the framers
of the Constitution did not incorporate that
magnificent paper as a part and parcel of the
powers intended to be conferred upon and
embraced in the Constitution, which was made
twelve years later, I thank the gentleman for
the reference.
But I beg to be excused from the proposi-
tion that the Declaration of Independence
confers upon Congress the power to pass this
iniquitous measure now under consideration,
which is alike destructive of State govern-
ments and individual liberty. Surely my dis-
tinguished friend—if he will permit a man
from the Kukluxed South to greet him as
such—has forgotten many of the leading pro-
visions contained in that immortal paper, or
his conceptions of the present bill are singu-
larly at variance with the commonly understood
meaning of the English language. Sir, that
noble document declares—
"That all men are eroated equal ; that they aro
endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable
rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness. Tliat, to eeouro these rights,
governments are instituted among men, deriving
their just powers from theconsentof the govcrnod."
Pray tell me, sir, how are " life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness" maintained, ad-
vanced, and protected, when, under the pres-
ent iniquitous bill, the absolute power is con-
ferred upon the President, regulated alone by-
his discretion, responsible to no human tribu-
nals, sole judge alike of the law and facts upon
which he would act? Empowered to suspend
your State government in all of its depart-
ments, judicial, executive, and legislative, by
declaring martial law i Empowered to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus, that grand old writ
of right which the bold barons of England
demanded at Runnymede from the usurping
hand of kingly prerogative, and which our
forefathers sought to guard and preserve with
vestal fidelity 1 Empowered to lord it with
unrestrained and undefined power over every
citizen ; and subject his life, liberty, and hap-
piness to the dictates of a military satrap,
clothed with the bayonet, and supreme master
of the situation. The Declaration of Inde-
! pendence teaches no such doctrine, and con-
J tiers no such power on Congress. It was against
such tyranny that the memorable paper was
issued, and in the maintenance of which our
illustrious fathers pledged their lives, fortunes,
and sacred honors. They denied that Britain'^
sovereign ever had such powers, and little
dreamed they were creating such upon thif
continent.
Sir, we know what is meant by martial law.
The late rebellion taught us far keener and
sadder lessons on this subject than ever our
forefathers experienced. England's great
judge, Sir Matthew Hale, long ago defined
martial law to be no law but the whim and
