1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
42  Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Golladay.
Ho. of Reps.
caprice of the man oil horseback. I again
thank the gentleman for his allusion to the
Declaration of Independence. I trust he and
all of us may read it anew, and catch its spirit
of freedom. We shall there find it was a
grievance against which our fathers solemnly
protested, that the king of Britain "kept
among us, in times of peace, standing armies,
without the consent of our legislature."
And now, sir, upon a drunken broil of two
or more persons, an outrage perpetrated by a
few lawless and bad men when the land is at
peace, the power is to be conferred upon one
man to step in and usurp all the powers of a
State government, and abolish with his edict
every vestige of civil liberty and individual
rights! It was yet another count in this grand
indictment, framed by Jefferson against Eng-
land's king, •' for depriving us, in many cases,
of the right of trial by jury." And by this
measure we are invited to confer upon the
President the power to abolish the right of trial
by jury and substitute in its place the drum-
head court-martial. And it was yet another
grievance against the king, which our fore-
fathers declared, that he had suspended our
Legislatures and assumed to legislate for us in
all cases whatever; and we are invited to clothe
the President with power to do all these things
for us under the stern and bloody codes of
martial law.
Sir, in the Declaration of Independence I
fail to find the powers or principles of this bill.
It is there, however, I read that the colonies
who protested were free and independent States;
not a common State, not a province or prov-
inces, but fre.e and independent States, each
clothed with the proper attributes of sover-
eignty ; and I nowhere find that all the sover-
eignty of each Stale has been granted either
to Congress or the President to iegislate upon
all questions. Surely it will not be insisted
the Declaration of Independence authorizes in
the bill before us, either in power or princi-
ples, the power to organize—1 would better say
disorganize—a free people into a miserable
despotism.
THE PREAMBLE.
But, sir, the advocates for this power find
it in the preamble to the Constitution. Some
have been frank enough to admit that the pre-
amble contains no grant of power, while other
gentlemen read it as a grant of power, and
the spirit of their argument is in favor of find-
ing authority for the bill in the provisions of
the preamble. This doctrine is as new as it is
startling. What, sir, the preamble, a mere
declaration of the objects for which the Con-
stitution was undertaken, to be now resolved
into a grant of power! It seems impossible
that men should be so blinded. But let us
read the preamble and see if power isconferred
on Congress to turn free States into military
despotisms and deliver them over, bound hand
and foot, to some imperial satrap:
"We the people of the United States, (1,) in order
to form a more perfect union, (2,) establish justice,
(3,) insure domestic tranquillity, (4.) provide for the
common defense, (5.) promote the general welfare,
(6,) and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity, do ord.iin," &c.
Sir, I ask, will the Union be more perfect
when the Navy is floating in southern waters
to bombard her cities and towns instead of
protect against foreign invasion? Will the
Union be more perfect when we are in hourly
expectation of gazing upon a bursting bomb,
because of a simple fight, hetween some negro
and some white man? Sir, I as,k, will justice be
established when martial law is supreme, our
courts silenced, jury trials forbidden, habeas
corpus suspended? Sir, will domestic tran-
quillity be insured when our hijl-topsare lighted
with the beacon-fires of an unfriendly soldiery,
Bent among us to pillage and ravage the land?
Will we be tranquil when the tread of the
soldier is heard, day and night, though all our
borders, and military orders and passes are
again the order of the day?
Sir, will the common defense be provided
for when the armies of the United States, by
land and sea, are devastating the doomed and
devoted sod of the South? Sir, will the gen-
eral welfare be promoted when the laws of the
southern States are all suspended by a military
edict, when her commerce, trade, and industry
are all checked and destroyed by the presence
of armies, when soldiers are quartered in every
town, village, and hamlet of the South? Sir,
will the blessings of civil liberty be secured to
ourselves and our posterity after us when the
South lies bleeding at the foot of a military
despot, and when drum-head court-martialsare
holding their inquisitions in every capital of
the southern States? No, Mr. Speaker; we
shall have what the Duke of Alva gave to the
free States of the Netherlands—misery and
oppressions, until the very air will be thick
with pain and suffering. We shall have what
a bloody military tyrant gave to Scotland when
he had murdered her legitimate sovereign and
ascended his throne—a ruined country. And
the southern patriot, who loves his country,
his whole country, when flying from her dis-
tress because powerless to help her, may well
exclaim, as did the poor Jew when Roman
armies dictated laws from the seat of his
ancient kings:
" Child of the wandering foot and weary breast,
Where shall ye flee away and be at rest 1
The wild dove hath his rest, the fox his cave,
Mankind their country, the southron but the
grave."
No, Mr. Speaker; the power for this great
military law is not found in the preamble.
Other sources must be explored. Let the Re-
publicans come up, and when done reading
their Ku Klux stories, and when they have
properly stirred the passions of the country
and aroused the vengeance of our northern
brothers, frankly say there is no warrant for
the power in the Constitution, and plant them-
selves upon thatold maxim, " Necessity is the
plea of tyrants," and go before the country on
that issue, and let us have the verdict of the
people, if it be not too late after the Taw has
been passed and is in the process of enforce-
ment, say you need the law to keep alive the
Republican party.
ARTICLE FOUR, SECTION FOUR.
But, Mr. Speaker, the friends of this meas-
ure, not feeling safe for the power of Con-
gress to pass this law upon the powers and
provisions of the Declaration of Independence,
or the preamble, attempt to find the needful
authority in the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution. Let us examine
this section. It reads:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
This section naturally divides itself into three
parts. The first duty of the United States is
to guaranty to every State in the Union a
republican form of government. The second
duty is to protect each and all against inva-
sion. The third duty is to protect each and
all against domestic violence, upon the appli-
cation of the Legislature of the State, and
when it cannot from any cause be convened,
upon the application of the Executive of the
State.
The first question we would ask is, what is
a republican form of government? It is a Gov-
ernment of the people, as contradistinguished
from a monarchical or aristocratic Govern-
ment. This clause supposes a Government
already established, and this is the form of
Government the United States have undertaken
to guaranty. (Story's Constitution, section
1807 ; Burrill's Law Dictionary.) As iong as
the existing republican forms are continued by
the States, they are guarantied by the Federal
Constitution. Wheneverthe States may choose
to establish other republican forms, they have
a right to do so and to claim the Federal guar-
antee. The only restriction imposed on the
States is that they will not exchange repub-
lican for anti-republican constitutions. (See
Federalist, Nos. 21, 43.)
Mr. Speaker, every State engaged in the late
rebellion has been restored to its relations in
the Union and under the Constitution. All
have republican forms and substance. Each
one has the three great departments after the
model of the Federal Constitution—the exec-
utive, judicial, and legislative. Every State
has conformed its constitution and laws to the
Constitution of the United States and the later
amendments thereto. What now is wanting?
Life, liberty, and property are all guarded and
protected by wholesome and safe laws. That
felonies do sometimes occur and that wicked
individuals do sometimes commit outrages is
but too true. In what State of the Union is
notthistrue? When has this not been the case?
Where can you find a State or a community
that may dispense with its criminal courts, its
jails, and penitentiaries? Sir, I would cheer-
fully enter upon the statistics of the criminal
dockets and have no fears but that my native
State, Tennessee, will compare favorably with
any and all of the States of the Union. And
so I believe of all the southern States. Because
a few sporadic cases arise here and there, which
every good man and every community de-
nounce, it is no cause for declaring martial law
and sending upon an oppressed and bleeding
South the Army and Navy of the United States.
This would be but to pile Pelion upon Ossa
and open anew all the horrors of civil war.
Brethren dwell best together by the laws of
love, and not those of force and war.
Whose business, I ask, Mr. Speaker, is it
to determine the great fact whether a repub-
lican form of government exist3? If the
practice and common understanding in the
admission of new States and the precedent
of Luther vs. Borden (7 Howard) are to con-
trol, then the question would seem to be
settled in favor of the power of Congress to
determine when a State government is repub-
lican in form and in practice. I beg leave to
read an extract from Chief Justice Taney's
opinion in that case, (page 42:)
"It rests with Congress to decide what government
is the established one in a State. For as the United
States guaranty to each State a republican govern-
ment, Congress must necessarily decide what gov-
ernment is established in tho State beforo it can
determine whether it is republican or not. And
when the Senators and Representatives of a State
are admitted into the councils of the Union, the
authority of the government under which they are
appointed, as well as its republican character,
recognized by the proper constitutional authority
And its decision is binding on every other depart-
ment of the Government, and could not be ques
tioned in a judicial tribunal."
Sir, there is no mistaking this language ani
the principle announced. It has been acceptef
and approved, (Ex parte Coupland, 26 Texas
434; and see Federalist, No. 21, page 112;
and every State is now represented by its Set
ators and Representatives in the Congress
We need no guarantee such as this bill offers
ft can be no guarantee of republican forms o!
substance to fill the southern States with armies,
and proclaim martial law. The States are iii
no complicity with the bad men who commit
murder and practice crime there. We have
republican forms, and Congress by every prin-
ciple is bound to concede the fact, having
recognized their Representatives. So much,
then, for the first part of this section.
We come to the second invasion. There i&
no pretense that any State has been invaded.
