160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Golladay.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
Is the great State of New York invaded every
timea murder is committed within her bounds?
Was the great State of Pennsylvania invaded
when rioters in the city of Philadelphia burned
a public building? Was the great State of
Massachusetts invaded when Webster, one of
her first scholars, within the walls of Harvard
murdered Parkman, or later, when evil-dis-
posed persons violated her laws in Lowell?
Did they require the Army and Navy and mar-
tial law? And, sir, because a midnight mur-
derer is sometimes found in the South it should
not, be regarded as an invasion.
We pass to the third part of this celebrated
provision, protection against domestic vio-
lence. When, sir, has Congress the power to
grant this protection? It is alone upon the
application of the Legislature of a State, or
when that cannot be convened the applica-
tion of the Executive will do. Sir, when a
State by its Legislature or Executive shall
make an appeal to the Congress for protection
against domestic violence it will be time then
for us to consider the appeal and take such
action as may he needed and warranted by the
Constitution, and not until then need we
engage in legislation. What State, sir, in
the Union has sent up such an appeal as
is demanded by the Constitution? 1 hear of
none; no case is cited, unless, as has been
said in debate, South Carolina has, through her
Executive, expressed some wishes, it may
be, Mr. Speaker, that the crushed and down-
trodden people of poor, unhappy South Caro-
lina need some protection, but it cannot be
thai, they are needing the protection of this
military enactment; Cor when put in execu-
tion it will afford them the same protection
" which vultures give to lambs—covering and
devouring them."
What is the curso which broods like a vam-
pire upon lliat. State? Sir, 1 hold in my hands
a solution of her iniM;rie-t. It is a picture of a
late Legislature in that. State. It, contains the
photographs of sixty-three members of that
illustrious assembly of wisdom and patriotism.
Of the number on this card thirteen are white
men and liliy are negroes. Of the whole num-
ber twenty two read ami write, and of these
only eight, grammatically, while the remainder,
foriy one, make their mark with the aid of an
amanuensis. Nineteen are tax-payers to an
aggregate amount of $140 10; the rest, forty-
lour, pay no taxes, and yet this body levies on
the white people, of the State for $4,000,000.
In all sincerity, I ask. Mr. Speaker, whose
work is this? Is ibis the work of the Demo-
cratic parly? Is there a man so brazen as to
assi'il the fact? Did ihe hateful Ku Klux
give us this remarkable body? Where on
earth, in past histoiy, can a Slate be found,
which flourished and was happy, with such a
body of law makers ?
Sir, this work is the work of Radicalism. It
ear, never furnish peace and happiness. 1
believe I would bo willing to vote foran appro-
priation to send the Army and Navy to South
Carolina and capture this illustrious body of
legislators as the common enemies of peace,
law, and order, as a band of Ku Klux after
the order of J oil ri Brown, and transport them
to the loving embrace of Baez, in the island
ol Sun Domingo. Sir, they are the Ku Klux,
the blight ami mildew which rest upon the
bosom ot that once proud and glorious little
Commonwealth. While such Radical rule
afflicts South Carolina there can be no peace
and no happiness.
FOURTEENTH A MEN" DUE N'T.
But finding no' warrant in that immortal
instrument, as framed by our fathers, the sup-
porters of this measure fall upon the fourteenth
amendment as the grand reservoir of power,
which enables Congress to make a negro of a
white man and a white man of a negro, or,
what is worse, to make a negro superior to a
white man; for all negroes may hold office,
while all white men may not. The provisions
in which the friends of the bill find the power
are as follows:
"Section 1. AH persons born or naturalized in the
United States, andsubjectto tho jurisdiction thereof,
aro citizens of the United States and the States
wherein theyreside. N o State shall m:,.ke or enforco
any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-
munities of citizens of the United States; nor shall
any State deprive any porson of life, liberty, or hap-
piness without duo process of law, nor deny to any
porson within its jurisdiction the equal protootion
of the laws.
"Srcc. 5. ThoConf?ressshall have power to enforco
by appropriate legislation tho provisions of this
article."
It will be observed that by a negative pro-
vision States are prohibited from making and
enforcing laws which shall abjidge the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of the United
States. It is a universal rule of law, well
understood, that negative provisions confer no
power to enact positive laws. There is simply
a denial of power to States, and not a con-
ferring of power on Congress to pass laws.
But we ask, Mr. Speaker, what State in the
Union has attempted to make and enforce a
law in violation of this clause? No instance
has been cited during the debate that has been
had. If any State had so attempted, the judi-
cial department would be found abundantly
able to vacate such act ion of the State, and when
tho judgments of Federal courts in this regard
aro violated and set, at naught, steps could be
taken to maintain the authority of the courts.
And what, sir, is the definition of privileges
and immunities? Privileges are special rights
belonging to the individual or class, and not
the mass ; properly an exemption from some
duty, an immunity from somo general burden
or obligation, a right, peculiar to some individ-
ual or body. ('20 Texas, 420.) Immunities
aro rights of exemption only, freedom from
what otherwise would be a duty or burden.
(Bates mi Citizenship, 22.) Surely it will not
bo pretended that any interference has been
had on those questions. The latter clause of
tho first section contains a negative power on
States, again, and deprives them of tho power
to deprive any person of life, liberty, or hap-
piness without due process of law, and no
State bus so attempted, whatever may have
been done by an individual hero and there in
violation of these great prerogatives of citizens.
It is tho duty of a State to provide laws for
the protection of its people and to enforce them,
and no case can be shown where a State,
through its lawfully constituted authorities, has
tailed to make a faithful effort in this behalf;
and where a failure has been made it has been
attributable to other causes than defective laws
or corrupt officials in league with offenders.
The mandate of tho Constitution to the States
has not been disobeyed, and there is no call
for congressional legislation or interference.
And I think, sir, the fifth clause of this amend-
ment, conferring the power on Congress to
enforce the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment, applies to the other sections of the amend-
ment and not to the first section. Oueo con-
cede the power to Congress as claimed in
debate, and we shall have Congressthesupreme
legislative power of the country, alike over the
rights of property and individual rights, and
we may as well blot from tho things that be
the present State constitutions and become at
once merged into a grand central Government,
supreme in every imaginable case, from the
pettiest police regulation to the loftiest ques-
tion which can engage the mind. We upset
the theory of our Government.
I have thus passed in review, Mr. Speaker,
the various principles and provisions of the
Constitution which have been put forward
as our authority for this measure. I find no
such power as is claimed, and due regard for
the solemn obligations of my oath to support
the Constitution, as well as a patriotic sense
of duty to my country, utterly forbids that I
should countenance and support this measure,
which, like the Trojan horse, is filled with the
means for the destruction of free government.
Were Washington on earth, clamoring for such
powers as are proposed to be conferred on
the President as the representative of a free
people, I would refuse, for I would know not
in what hour the American people might hear
the declaration once made by a French king,
when he declared, "lam the State.'' I would
cast no vote to intrust any human being with
the absolute destiny of the people, I care not
how great and good he might be. The pre-
cedent is destructive and subversive of free
government.
A brief glance at other provisions of this
bill which confer powers upon the courts of
the United States not warranted by the Con-
stitution will eoncludc all I have to say upon
tho constitutionality of this measure, which
seeks alike to deal with State governments
and individual citizens. I have carefully read
section eight of article one, where powers are
conferred on Congress, and find no warrant
of authority for this measure, and, indeed,
I believe the friends of the measure claim
nothing here. A careful reading of section two,
article three, will show that judicial power is
limited. The eleventh article of the Consti-
tution will show the same. And 110 power
is conferred upon the judiciary to entertain
causes and questions of litigation of the char-
acter contemplated in this bill. I have not
time to quote these clauses.
habeas corpus.
We come now to the greatquestion of habeas
corpus, upon which this bill legislates. This
bill proposes to vest in the President the power
to suspend the great writ of habeas corpus,
ever considered the bulwark of individual lib-
erty. Section nine, article one, of the Consti-
tution declares:
"Tho privilege of tho writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspoilded unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion tho public safety may require it."
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that rebellion is syn-
onymous with insurrection, and that the words
are interchangeable. I know of no rebellion
or insurrection against the State governments
South, for however the friends of this measure
may insist, they can never convince any sane
man that a few outrages committed by bad
men, and not sanctioned by law or the com-
munity, constitute a rebellion.
But the important question is, which depart-
ment under our Government has the right to
suspend the writ? It is well decided that Con-
gress alone has the power, (Martin vs. Mott,
12 Wheaton, 19; ex parte Merryman, 24 Law
Reports, 78; 9 American Law Register, 524;
Jones vs. Seward, 3 Greene, 431;) and Con-
gress alone having the power, has the exclu-
sive right to judge whether the exigency has
arisen. And only once in the history of the
country lias the writ been suspended, and that
in the trying times of 1803. But this bill, sir,
attempts to shirk the question and confer the
power on the President. This cannot be done.
A power granted exclusively to one depart-
ment of government cannot be delegated to
another.(Chief Justice Marshall, in Wymancs.
Southard.) A learned and distinguished judge
in Tennessee delivering the opinion of the
court in the case of The State vs. Armstrong
(3 Sneed) upon this question as applied to the
State constitution, says:
" In the theory of our Government all sovereignty
is inherent in tho people; the constitution of tins
State so expressly declares." * * * ' *
"There can be no such thing under tho Constitu-
tion as the devolution of power by one department
upon another, unless by special authority of the Con-
stitution itself, and none such exists in reference to
the power in question. The delegation of sovereign
