398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
the result. We expected that after the great
American people and this glorious Union had
done so much for the colored man his heart
would be incited by a feeling of gratitude which
would make him ever true to it, ever true to
Ms kind and disinterested friends ; that if he
would not fight for liberty he would battle
for a country that had educated, protected,
and made a man and a brother of him. But
what are the facts? When rebellion broke
out, and armed men raised their red right
hands to strike at this glorious Union, where
was the colored man found? Was he found
standing by the North? Was he found sup-
porting the Union that had thus showered
benefits upon him? Was he found helping the
men who had made him an institution of the
country? Did he light a loyal torch or fire
a loyal gun ? Far otherwise. It is with deep
regret and sad humiliation that I am compelled
to-admit for my colored friends that instead
of helping us in that time of trial they did all
that was within their power to assist rebellion.
It was they who fed the armies of the South ;
it was they who protected the women and
children who were left to their charge; it was
tbey who built fortifications and brought sup
plies and raised the corn that supported the
rebellion, and kept its stomach stout and en-
abled it to stand before us truculent and men-
acing so long. It was they who did all the
hard work connected with the rebel army ex-
cept the fighting; they took good care not to
do that on either side. Democrats had made
them an institution ; a Democratic general ele-
vated them into "contrabands." The North
invited them to strike a blow for themselves;
we talked to them of liberty ; quoted to them
the convincing couplet that " who would be
ftee himself must strike the blow;" but the
only blow they struck was that of the hoe
which raised the corn that fed the army that
fought the Union.
Until we became victors they remained de-
voted to their master&and their masters' cause.
As slaves they bound tighter their chains in
place of striving to break them. Instead of
fighting for the Union, which offered them
liberty as a reward, they did ail they possibly
could in their humble way to destroy it and to
confirm their condition of dependence. It was
only when the northern armies swept along
close by them, when loyalty was safe and dis-
loyalty on the wane, that they scuttled off to
liberty and misery as fast as their colored
limbs would carry thfem. They only appre-
ciated the advantages of fighting for freedom
when this privilege was accompanied by a
present bounty or the future prospect of
"forty acres and a mule."
I admit that then the Democrats became
more than ever disappointed with our colored
friends, and gave them up for the time beiug
into the hands of the Republicans. The latter
thought to themselves that as we had tried
one thing with these men of Africa, they
would try another; as we had conferred a
civilization upon them, they would try the
ballot. We on this side of the House had
a little objection to that. We thought that
placing the suffrage in the hands of four mil-
lion enfranchised slaves, giving it to ignorance
and inexperience, to men who had been not
only entirely unaccustomed to it, unaccus-
tomed to government, but unaccustomed to
even taking care of themselves, could not do
otherwise than degrade the ballot and injure
the country. But our Republican friends were
not influenced by our arguments, and may
have possibly considered that the greater the
ignorance of the voter the more the probabil-
ity of his voting the Republican ticket.
Well, although we objected to it originally,
although we thought it ill advised and ill timed,
alter it was enacted the Democratic party no-
where opposed it, nowhere strove to undo the
work; and I may especially record the fact
here, for my own section of the State, that one
of my constituentss Senator Michael Norton,
the representative from my district in the sen-
ate of the State of New York, was the first to
introduce a bill to carry out the fifteenth
amendment to the Constitution by passing the
necessary enactments to allow the negro the
right to vote, and to repeal all our State laws
which interfered with that privilege. There-
fore, instead of opposing the negro, instead of
doing what we could to injure him, I consider
that the Democratic party has always shown a
kindly and friendly feeling toward him ; as a
slave to protect him, as a freeman to assist
him to a wise use of his newly acquired rights.
At the time the fifteenth amendment was
passed the Democratic party had become
"small by degrees and beautifully less." Many
beautiful things are precious according to their
scarcity, and very precious indeed it was at
that time. It therefore had but little to say
about these questions, and submitted with as
good grace as it could, not only to the action
of its enemies in dealing with that element of
southern society of which I have been speak-
ing, but with the entire reconstruction of the
South under the restored Union. Not only
was this the feeling at the North among the
loyal men of my party ; the men who had stood
by the country without trying to fill their
pockets ; the men who were true without charg-
ing the Government a commission for it; but
the southern people freely and frankly accepted
the situation, and exhibited from first to last a
spirit which was most creditable to them and
most promising for the future prosperity of the
country.
But the Republicans themselves seemed to
be a little dissatisfied with their own work. No
sooner had they reconstructed the South than
they set to work to reconstruct it over again.
When they had reconstructed it over again, they
did not like it much more than when they had
done it first, and therefore they reconstructed
it once more. And this bill is to reconstruct
it for the fourth or fifth time. The course of
the Republican party in this respect reminds
me of Prince Paul in the French opera of the
Grande Duchesse. When the prime minister
of his highness came to the duchess and pro-
posed his hand in marriage, he was invited to
walk up stairs, then along a corridor, then
down stairs, then along other corridors, up
more stairs, along more corridors, down fur-
ther stairs, along further corridors, up further
stairs ; or, as the French has it: il montera, il
avancera, il descendera; alors il remontera, il
reavancera, il redescendera; alors ilre-remon-
tera, ilre reavancera, il re-redescendera; alors
il re re remontera, and so forth.
That is just about the way it is with recon-
struction. We first had construction; then
reconstruction; then re-reconstruction ; then
re-re-reconstruction; and this bill is re-re-re-
reconstruction.
I believe there are at present eight Senators
knocking at the doors of the Chamber at the
other end of the Capitol, and only one of them
I think has succeeded in getting in as yet. I
can only hope that under this latest and worst
reconstruction act with which the Republicans
have favored us, the others, also will*effect an
entrance, whether they can succeed by means
of the Army and Navy, come in as volunteers
or be shoved in by the bayonet. It is hardly to
be expected that they will, but I may be permit-
ted to hope that much benefit from this remark-
able bill.
I do not know that it is worth while to dis-
cuss the particulars of this bill, I do not think
it is at all desirable that I should enter upon
a consideration of those little, troublesome,
and tedious minutiae. Other gentleman have
gone into that subject carefully and exhaust-
ively, and it seems to me that the Republican
party is as much dissatisfied with this bill as
they are with the other parts of their recon-
struction policy.
When this session opened, or shortly after
it opened, a gentleman appeared upon this
floor with a Ku Klux bill. The fate of that
measure I cannot otherwise describe than as
still-born. There was a good deal of learned
consultation, and a good many political doc-
tors were called in ; there was considerable
disturbance, one might almost call it the throes
of labor; and we had rather an exciting scene
in this very chamber. But nothing came of
it. It died before it was born, and the latest
Radical bantling never fairly saw the light.
Nevertheless, if it did no other good, though
it might plaintively inquire " what it was begun
for, if so soon it should be done for," it had
one excellent effect, it brought Republicans
out on the floor of this House who, I am proud
and glad to say, assured the public that they
had consciences, who said they regarded their
oaths, and who confessed they considered
themselves bound by the Constitution.
Well, Mr. Speaker, I do not know but it
would be STgood thing, under the circumstances
and in view of the recent condition of the Repub-
lican patty and the sudden change which has
come over it, to have the Republican members
of this House sworn once more to sustain the
Constitution. [Laughter.] It seems to me
that would be a good thing, for the first swear
only lasted about two weeks and ihen run out.
[Laughter.]
After they had got through with their first
abortive effort, forced on once more by a higher
power, they presented for our consideration
another creation ; they ushered it into the
world amid much excitement, and felt sure
that they had made a success of it this time.
But after we got it and began to look at it,
when it was set up for our admiration, like the
famous statue in the other room, only sure to
cost us a thousand times as much ; when we
were called upon to kneel down and worship
it, under the threat of denunciation as traitors
if we refused, we perceived some serious irreg-
ularities and deficiencies about it. Our adver-
saries also discovered there was something
wrong in the work. It was not exactly the
perfect thing they expected, it did not express
precisely the idea they wanted. After they
had studied the m'atter over about a week and
tried to convince themselves as well as others
that there was no flaw in the work, they gave
up in despair and confessed it was a mere mon-
ster, fit to frighten the authors of its being, the
very people who created it.
In fact, to judge by the speeches on the other
side of the House, which I have listened to with
great attention, I hardly believe there is a sin-
gle member who wants to have it passed in its
present shape. There is not. a gentleman
among our adversaries who has not two or
three amendments to offer. For my part, if
any similar legislation is to be had, I should
prefer to have this law passed just as it is. I
do not think the gentlemen on the other side
of the House can improve it; they have tried
over and over again, they have produced some-
thing the like of which was never proposed in
a free country before, and they ought to be
satisfied with what they have done and not
waste their time trying again. If there is
any mode of thoroughly legislating away the
rights of the people, they surely have hit
upon it.
When they came in with the first Ku Klux
bill and encountered the opposition of which I
have spoken, our Republican adversaries com-
promised the matter and consented that we
should have an investigation into the assumed
grounds for such extraordinary and unprece-
dented legislation, and that we should try to
discover whether there was anything in these
alleged outrages, which were so confidently
asserted on one side and denied on the other.
The House appointed such committee, and we
were getting along as we thought very well,
and felt sure we should soon know if we had
ground for any serious action, all the previous
tremendous labor resulting only in a very smalj
mouse ; but, after having done that, the gentle-
men on the other side became dissatisfied with
the committee appointed, and set to work and
