1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
appointed another, to be a joint committee
from both Houses.
We Democrats were only tooglud to get an
investigation of any sort, whether by joint
or seperate action, whether from the House
alone, or the House and Senate together. It
was just what we wanted; for if there were
outrages the Democracy would be the last to
justify or defend them. We wanted a commit-
tee appointed to go down South, investigate
honestly and thoroughly, and report to this
House precisely what are the facts. But our
adversaries resolved not to gratify us; for no
sooner had they got through the proposition,
appointing that joint committee than they dis-
covered there was no necessity of any investi-
gation whatever, that the case was clear as it
was, and that a law must be passed by Con-
gress at once or that all the loyal people of
the South would be annihilated by a bloody
body of Ku Klux that nobody could lay their
hands on. Then they introduced this law,
proposing that the investigation should take
place afterward. [Laughter.] First, we are
to pass the law and then investigate whether
there are any grounds for such action on the
part of Congress. Such consistent legislation
was never presented to a legislative body be-
fore, and the wisdom it exhibits is only worthy
of the subject. Possibly it were better, if we
allowed this measure to be adopted, if we shut
our eyes and held our nose and swallowed it
down. The country will, after all, control the
whole thing, and it does not make a great
deal of difference what it is proposed here to
do down South; that favored section can stand
a wonderful deal of' reconstruction. This law
may not do great a deal of harm, but it will
surely result in wiping out the Republican
party, and anything that will do that must be a
great success for the country. [Laughter.]
It has been suggested that this bill has been
reported here for the purpose of electioneering
in favor of the Republican party. I cannot
suppose that any gentleman connected directly
with it, any of those either in or out of this
House, from whom we have received direct
application for the measure, would contemplate
anything of that sort. The proposed legisla-
tion, in tny opinion, has come from a power
behind the throne, which, as we all know, is
sometimes stronger than the throne itself, and
occasionally makes the occupant of the throne
act and gesticulate like the principal figure in
a puppet show—persuade or force him to do
and say things for which he is not responsible
and is not to beheld to an account. Pass this
bill, and the effect will be to nominate for the
Presidency a candidate who under the circum-
stances is the very man who ought to be re-
nominated, the man whom we Democrats desire
of all others to have renominated by the Re-
publican party not only because he is the best
of our adversaries, the most thoroughly repre
sentative and most deserving ofhonor for past
memories, but because he will be the easiest
man for us to beat.
Were there actual outrages committed upon
any portion of the southern people, I, for one,
should like to go to the verge of the Constitu-
tion to suppress them. Possibly Democrats
regard that instrument with too servile an ad-
miration, precisely as the Republicans treat it
with indefensible contempt. It is somewhat
of a rickety Constitution now; it is not as sound
as it was once ; but it has stood a good many
severe blows, and, perhaps, it can endure this
further assault. For myself I never looked
upon it as a phantom to frighten children; a
thin, impalpable shadow through which every
traitor could thrust his sword, a scarecrow to
fright away the evil birds of rebellion but with
no power to act against them. Were there an
actual rebellion, as the aet before us implies,
I should be ready to confer great powers on
the President, on the ground that when the
whole is in danger it is wise to sacrifice a small
portion to save the greater part. But do gen-
tlemen believe that there is a rebellion now
existing in the South ? I suppose they must.
It has long been apparent to us that the
Republicans never were quite, entirely and
completely, aware of the fact that the rebellion
was at an end. They seem to have been under
the impression for the last six years that the
war was still going on down South. They could
not convince themselves that General Lee had
surrendered. They thought vigorous battles
were proceeding. And now they seem to be
determined to put themselves on record to that
effect. For they assure us by this very bill
that not only do outrages of some sort exist—
outrages which, however, they are not willing to
investigate, but that these are so extended, so
universal, so threatening, that they amount of
themselves to an actual condition of civil war.
Nor can they ever be convinced to the contrary
so long as a vote can be secured by force or
fraud, under the cover of a Ku Klux bill, to the
Republican party.
Well, I suppose that the warwill come to an
end in time. We thought it had arrived at a
conclusion six years ago. But I am very con-
fident that gentlemen on the other side, if they
pass many Ku Klux laws, will discover that it
has come to an end by the returns of the next
presidential election, and the verdict both of
the North and of the South. I now yield to
my colleague, [Mr. Kinsella.]
Mr. KINSELLA. Mr. Speaker, the discus-
sion on the bill now before the House has been
so long continued, has been presented for your
consideration under so many points of view,
by men representing not merely the two great
political parties, but the various shades of
divergent opinion within these parties, that if
I consulted my own personal feeling I would
not venture to consume the time of this House
or to trespass upon the patience of a single
one of its members by swelling the volume of
debate upon this measure. But, sir, I am here
to represent, I believe, the largest constituency
for which any gentleman on this floor has the
honor to speak. I know that a large majority
of my constituents are profoundly concerned
by the extraordinary measure of legislation
now before the House and the country, and I
am satisfied that I would not fulfill their ex-
pectations if I remained silent. On the con-
trary, I know that they desire that I shall add
my voice, however feebly, to the swelling cho-
rus of vehement dissent, which is joined in,
without distinction of party, by all men who
have not lost faith in the confederated system
of government which the fathers established,
by all men who love every section of their
country with equal affection, by all men who
believe that liberty is of more value than the
varying and desperate fortunes of a desperate
political party.
Sir, I represent a conservative constituency.
I do not mean by this, sir, that they are con-
servative in the merely party acceptation of this
word. I think, sir, I speak for all parties in
my district when I say that they were willing to
accept the constitutional situation as they found
it when they were called upon last fall to elect
a Representative to thjs House. Among my
constituents there is, I think, no Democrat
who desired to open the questions which were
accepted as settled by the war and the meas-
ures which succeeded it, and I am justified in
saying that I represent no thoughtful citizen
who adheres to the Republican party who does
not hope that experiments in legislation and
in government have ceased in the national
capita], that each State, each section, and each
race shall be allowed, under the Constitution
as it now exists, to work out its own destiny.
They hoped, sir, that after ten weary, turbu-
lent, and bloody years the era of revolution
had at length ended, and that under funda-
mental laws, to which the old feeling of per-
manency and sanctity was beginning to return,
liberty was made permanent and sure to them
and to their descendants.
It seems that the party born of revolution
cannot have it so. The legislation now pro-
posed, sir, has surprised, startled, and alarmed
the country. But its full effect on the law-
abiding and liberty-loving masses of the peo-
ple is even yet but faintly felt. The politicians
and the readers of the newspapers in the great
centers of population which fringe our sea-
board have, to some extent, being prepared
for it by the stories of outrages at the South,
which made their appearance in the Radical
journals so simultaneously, so timely, and
touched up with so much dramatic effect, con-
cocted, distorted, invented to secure pretexts
for a further inroad upon the public liberties;
to justify an additional strain on a Constitution
already imperiled; to save a drowning Cseser-
ism, which exclaims, through men who are
more than accused of having "an itching
palm," "Help me, Cassius, or I sink I" But,
sir, the masses of our population are scattered
along the valleys and across the mountains, in
farm-houses remote from each other, or in
hamlets widely separated. Political intelligence
reaches them slowly. Some of them take one
paper weekly ; most of them depend for news
of what is going on in the political world on
the conversation of the elders at the forge, the
post office, or the Store, or on the discussion
on the "stump" at the season of the year
when the year's work is over and the length-
ening nights give them time to bestow such
consideration to political affairs as suffice for
freemen who are conscious of provoking no
attack upon their rights, and who believe they
have secured them by fundamental laws which
cannot be changed without a timely, a careful,
and a conscientious appeal to their judgment.
Without such an appeal, without any notice,
and without any authority, we are to-day con-
sidering a bill which, if enacted and enforced
as law, would give to the Federal Government
the same power in all the States, and in every
part of each State, which it now exercises in
its navy-yards, barracks, and arsenals ; which
creates a new class of offenses, elevating
assault and battery to the dignity of a felony,
and lifting up combinations of two, perhaps
tipsy, individuals into conspiracies against the
United States Government. This bill, sir,
leaves it within the power of two Titus Gates
"conspirators" to break down all State
authority and jto appeal to the President of
the Federal Government for protection. This
bi-41 makes it lawful for the President, under
such circumstances, to call out the militia or
the Army and Navy of the United States, or
"to take such other steps as he may deem ne-
cessary;" a clause so sweeping that it would
justify the President in imitating the example
of the patriotic President Baez, who proposes
to sell his country outright in order to quiet
his subjects and to collect the back salaries of
himself, his relations, and, I have no doubt,
his wife's relations.
This bill enables the President, at his dis-
cretion, and in defiance, if he pleases, of State
authority, to declare any portion of the-Uni-
ted States in rebellion and to suspend within
such territory the supreme safeguard of indi-
vidual liberty, the writ of habeas corpus, and
to try and to punish by drum head court mar-
tial all who offend against an authority thus
constituted. Sir, the iniquity of this measure
is but yet feebly realized by the country, by
the honest yeomen of the land, who love the
liberties their fathers won for them, and who
are not yet aware of the perils which surround
them here. Am I expected to return to my
district and tell my constituents that I have
placed all the safeguards which protect them
in their lives and liberty at the "discretion "
of one man, of a man of military education,
and whose single claim to distinction was won
in camps and oil battle-fields? I will not
believe that there is a single Republican ou
this floor who will vote for this bill and dare
return to his home and tell his fellow-citizens,
