400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
honestly and manfully, that he has accepted the
" discretion " of one man as a sufficient guar-
antee for their liberties.
All this the bill provides. No legal subtleties
can disguise the facts from plain but intelligent
and freedom-loving men. I could not return
to my home and admit that I consented that
the President may suspend the law within my
district at his discretion; that he may quarter
troops upon my people; that he may try them
without the forms of law for real or imaginary
offenses, and do them even unto death under
judgments pronounced by his subordinates and
stipendiaries.
Thereare men to whose effrontery and brazen
audacity I will not venture to set a limit. They
may go from here and attempt to show that
they have not bartered away the public liber-
ties to subserve a partisan end. But you, Mr.
Speaker, upon whom the responsibility of the
profession to which you and I belong still seems
to press; you, sir, who stirred so recently all
manly hearts in this House by leaving your
place to enforce the duty of examination and
inquiry preceding punishment upon the people
of a prostrate section of your country; you,
sir, I trust, are not prepared to make this
Venture.
I have not the pleasureof a personal acquaint-
ance with the venerable gentleman from Ver-
mont, but I have long known of him, and I
have marked his action during the short time
I have had the honor to sit here, to commend
it; you, sir, will not go back to your Green
Mountain State and tell the descendants of the
men who followed Stark that their guarantees
for freedom henceforth is the "discretion"
of a President. Nor will the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who represents
here what was best in the Puritan—sturdy
integrity—you will not return to the Bay State
and suffer it to be said that the struggle to
preserve constitutional government was left
on the floor of this House to the Democrats
alone. You men who truly represent the free
West—the future seat of empire—whose peo-
ple rightfully regard the existing greatness of
this country but as the promises of the morn-
ing to the day it ushers in, you cannot, you
dare not, go home and tell your people of any
party that you consented to bring constitu-
tional government to an end.
For the first few days of this session I am sat-
isfied that the heart of every true man on this
floor was gladdened by the spectacle we pre-
sented. Without preconcerted action, men on
both sides of the House turned their attention
to the consideration of revenue measures, to
the material interests of the people, to those
questions which constitute almost the sole con-
cern of statesmen in every land blessed with a
constitutional Government. So far as our votes
could we cast them to lighten her public bur-
dens, to make cheaper prime necessaries of
life, to make it easier for those who live by
honest toil to make a living. The era long
wished for seemed to have come. When it was
proposed to turn aside from these questions to
recommence legislation, inspired by bitterness
and hate, you, sir, proudly boasted that a ma-
jority of your party stood by you in resisting
its consideration. Day by day the number of
those opposed to you within your own party
seemed to grow smaller, until it seemed possi-
ble that the hate and bitterness which the law
had left behind found a lodgment, if at all, in
one obdurate heart, in the heart of only one
man,
"Who stands alone, a renegade
Against the party he betrayed,
Nor shame nor pity moves him."
After ail that has been said on the constitu-
tional objections to this bill, I will not attempt
to add anything. I take it for granted that all
who are not blinded by partisan zeal know and
admit that it is not possible for the perverse
ingenuity of man to frame a measure in more
direct antagonism to our whole system of gov-
ernment, or to the Constitution in which it is
crystallized, than this bill is. The bill subverts
at a blow all the safeguards of the liberties of
the people and the rights of the States, in
which the fathers believed they had secured
the best and most enduring guarantees for
these liberties. If the terms of this bill can be
enforced as law our form of government is at
an end, and the system of confederated repub-
licanism is dead beyond the hope.of resurrec-
tion. The destiny of America will be manifest
indeed. Our borders will never be extended
willingly over men who value freedom. We
may buy the right to govern negroes in distant
islands; these will be seemly purchases, for
only those trained to slavery or anarchy will
consent to accept such blessings as we will
have to bestow. The fathers hoped that they
had established a system of government so
nicely adjusted and so benign in its sway, so
well adapted to extent of empire on the one
hand, and to the preservation of individual
liberty and community independence on the
other that—
"The parliament of man, the federation of the
world"
was possible under it. The hope, with the
passage of this bill, vanishes forever. Can
any man conceive of the adoption of the Con-
stitution under which we live by a single State
of the old Thirteen if the powers given by this
bill had been incorporated within it ? The man
who dared to propose such measures in the
Continental Congress would be either taken
charge of as a lunatic or sent out of the coun-
try as an emissary of England, who had dared
to embody in our laws every power whose
exercise justified the colonists in taking up
arms against George III. The ratification of
the Constitution would never have been possi-
ble if the powers in this bill were believed to
be authorized in it. With their enforcement
our system of government is at an end.
In the traditions of this House, Mr. Speaker,
there is preserved an anecdote of a man who
ruled its triumphant and aggressive majority
through a revolutionary era. He had an un-
conquerable will. He possessed, as no man
who has sat in this Hall, perhaps, ever did, a
dominance over his associates, more than the
ascendency which a bitter tongue, a clear brain,
and a courageous spirit secure for men in legis-
lative assemblies. On one occasion like to
this, so the story runs, when all men knew
that the legislation under consideration in this
House was in violation of the Constitution,
and when Republican lawyers were then, as
now, cudgeling their brains to find authority
in the Constitution for ostentatious violations
of it, the hardy partisan exclaimed, in muttered
tones:
"Every man on this floor knows there is no con-
stitutional authority for this; yet there are no less
than ten Republican lawyers trying to find such
authority, and they are ten damned fools."
Sir, under the authority of a name once so
potent here, I have dared to use a profane
expression which would not otherwise have
escaped my lips. But, sir, there is so much
truth embraced in the energy of this expres-
sion, that I am satisfied it may be said of this
oath, as it is of " Uncle Toby's," the record-
ing angel dropped a tear upon the page as he
wrote it down and blotted it out forever, and
whatever sins stood against Thad. Stevens of
Pennsylvania, this was not among them. I do
not make the application of this story, only
because it would be unparliamentary to say
that it embraces my view of the lawyers of
this House who are trying to find authority in
the Constitution for the bill now before us.
_ Sir, it may be asked if there be no justifica-
tion, at all events alleged, for this legislation.
There can be no adequate justification. There
can be no plea entered in bar of the crime of
jeopardizing public liberties. There can be
no extenuation for men who are legislating for
a free people in placing their liberties at the
discretion of one man, or in accepting for them
such guarantees as a political party may un-
dertake to give. It is claimed, I know, that
person and property are not secure in certain
portions of the Union. Tyrants are ever ready
to barter what they call security for liberty.
Napoleon III offered it to Prance, and en-
forced it in the streets of Paris at the point
of the bayonet. A strong central Government,
with the assumed power to protect all and the
certain power to oppress all, was built up on
the ruins of the republic, and it was based, too,
on what was termed universal suffrage—what
>you boast to have secured for us here.
Look at France, to-day. Review the events
of her recent history, and ask yourselves what
centralized power, based on fraud and force,
is worth to a nation. Do you propose to send
the President, with the Army and Navy at his
heels, to give protection to the State of Geor-
gia, or Kentucky, or Mississippi, or historic
old Virginia—God pity and God bless her?
From whom do you propose to protect the
people of those States ? From themselves ?
Have you lost .all faith in popular rule ? Are
you driven at last to take the position that
you can manage the affairs of the people of the
South better than they can manage them for
themselves? Are not the people supposed,
by men who accept the cardinal principle of
republican government, to desire peace, order,
freedom, and to be capable of securing them
and maintainipg them? If so, the southern
people can be safely left to themselves to deal
with any local disturbances which may exist
among them. If they cannot, if there is no
faith to be reposed in the people, George III
was right and George Washington was wrong!
The supremacy of the Federal Government
and of the flag which symbolizes it is nowhere
challenged within our borders. Dissatisfaction
exists, I admit, with the laws, with the man-
ner in which they are administered, and with
the conduct of public officials in many por-
tions of the South. But the discontent is
occasioned by State laws and by the conduct
of State officials.
The origin of this discontent is, I believe, in
our national Legislature; still the people of the
South express no enmity toward the General
Government. I firmly believe they feel none.
You, my Republican friends, have decreed
that no man of position, of standing, of prop-
erty in the South shall take part in the admin-
istration of their State governments. You have
turned over the affairs of the southern States
to negroes; aud it is no discredit to them to
say that they possessed no qualification for the
positions which you insisted they should filj.
You allied with the negroes men whose sole
qualification for office was enmity to the State
they pretended to represent; you disqualified
the intelligent, the men of known character
and standing, the men who had an interest in
good government, and you wonder that the
vast mass of men you elevated at a bound
from hereditary servitude to political ascend-
ency have become the allies, the dupes, and
the tools of worthless adventurers. The south-
ern people are not satisfied with their local
governments, because the men of our race are
never satisfied while being plundered of their
substance. Look at Louisiana: $'20,000,000
have been added to the debt of her State gov-
ernment within four years. Look at South Car-
olina: the property of her people virtually con-
fiscated by taxation imposed on property by
men who had no property to tax. Look at
Mississippi: threatened with an additional
debt of $30,000,000 to enrich her so-called
law-makers, who have purchased the real or
pretended obligations of the State at two
cents on the dollar. Look at the " Old North
State"—once so proud of her credit and of
the conservative character of her people—her
financal standing dishonored and her bonds
a drug in Wall street at twenty-three cents on
the dollar.
