1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
What is the remedy for all this? Think you
that your armies and your navies will restore
prostrate industries and give life to a dying
public credit? Do you believe that they will
strengthen that deserved affection for govern-
ment, which is truly named loyalty and in
which Governments secure their cheap defense,
and on which they may rest in imperturbable
repose? What is the true remedy ? Remofe
at once political disabilities from the best and
most influential men of the South who are now
alone subject to them. Leave the southern
people to manage their own affairs under and
in obedience to our written Constitution. Then
the southern office-holder, instead of running
here to seek the means for holding his posi-
tion, will endeavor to retain it by making him-
self acceptable to the people whose agent he
is. You have made the negro a voter. For-
bear trying to reverse the order of things by
insisting that he shall be the ruler. Let the
experiment of his enfranchisement be tried,
and tried fairly.
So far as I speak for my party, we do not
propose to put a straw in the way of your ex-
periment. It may be, as has been predicted,
that the negro, being a voter, politicians on
both sides will court and flatter him to get his
suffrage. So be it. If in this way the colored
man finds security and is made more useful as
a citizen, I have no fault to find. I, for one,
have no fears of what is called the negro vote.
If the black man is fitted to be a voter, he will
vote to sustain the principles I advocate, if
my principles are right. If he wants cheap
salt, as I do, if he wants cheap coal, as I do,
if he wants cheap iron, as I do, if he wants
corruption to cease here, as I do, if he wants
an economic administration of the Govern-
ment, as I do, in a word, if he wants to make
it easier for those who live by honest labor to
make a living, as I do, he will vote with me.
If not, he may vote with the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] but
he will not if he is fitted to vote at all.
What, then, is the remedy for the troubles
we are considering? You have tried repres-
sive and coercive legislation, and you say the
condition of the South is becoming worse.
Abandon it. Return to the practice and the
principles of your fathers. Have faith in the
people. Let them manage their own concerns.
Proclaim to the South, not martial law, but
ratify in its interest and in your own the axioms
once dear to every American heart: the right
of the people to regulate their own concerns;
the right of a community to manage its own
affairs; the right of the States to sweep unchal-
lenged in their independent spheres ; supreme
over all the Federal authority, oppressing
none, protecting all, and inspiring by its benefi-
cence the love of all.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at eleven o'clock and fifty-five minutes a. m.,
Monday, April 3, 1871) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. DUNNELL: A petition of the heirs
of Lorenzo D. Smith, asking for relief for
damages sustained by said Smith while receiver
of public land office in Minnesota.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Jack-
son G-rubb, of Athens, Tennessee, praying to
be reimbursed internal taxes overpaid on dis-
tilled brandy from fruit.
Also, the petition of Miss Mary Love, ask-
ing compensation for services as bearer of
dispatches from General Grant to General
Burnside through the rebel lines.
By Mr. McHENRY: The memorial of J.
H. Todd, lieutenant eighteenth United States
infantry, praying for pay and emoluments due
42d Cong. 1st Sbss.—No. 26.
him for service rendered as first lieutenant
third Kentucky cavalry from 6th January to
1st of June, 1865.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of A. S. Wilson!
William Camp, and over 50 others, soldiers
and citizens of Stryker, Williams county, Ohio,
asking the passage of a law giving to every sol-
dier, sailor, and marine one hundred and sixty
acres of land without actual settlement, and
bounty at the rate of $8'33j- from the time of
enlistment until discharged to all who have
not already received it.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 3, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
maw, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
was read and approved.
SHIP WILLIAM F. STOKER.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the bill (H. R. No. 322) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the ship William F. Storer; which
was read the first time, and ordered to lie on
the table.
GEORGE W. KIRK.
The VICE PRESIDENT kid before the
Senate the following communication; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed:
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the Senate of the United States the accompanying
report of the Adjutant General upon the proposed
bill for the relief of Colonel George W. ICirk, a copy
of which has been furnished to this Department, and
to recommend, for the reasons stated in the said
report, that the bill be not favorably considered.
WiM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
War Department, March 30, 1871.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a peti-
tion of merchants and captains and owners of
vessels engaged in the coastwise and foreign
trade of the United States, asking for the erec-
tion of a light-house at Hereford bar on the
Jersey coast, setting forth that within the last
year there have been a number of wrecks and
many lives lost for want of a light-house at
this point. I move that the petition be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are
laid on the table by the rule of the Senate.
The Senator from New Jersey, however, asks
unanimous consent that this petition praying
for the erection of a light-house may be refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none ; it will be
so referred.
Mr. OSBORN. I present a memorial from
the city council of Fernandina, Florida, ad-
dressed to the Congress of the United States,
asking for a grant of certain unsurveyed and
beach and swamp lands within the jurisdiction
of that city. 1 ask that this memorial be
printed, and referred, if there be no objection,
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Florida presents a petition which he asks to
have printed, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none ; and it is so ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I present the petition of Scott
W. Harrington, an officer in the seventeenth
Illinois cavalry, asking compensation for a
horse lost in the service, and I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rule of
the Senate petitions are laid upon the table.
The Senator from Wisconsin desires that this
petition for compensation for the loss of a
horse be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none,
and it will be so referred.
Mr. HOWE also presented the petition of
Frederick Wheeler, late private company f,
forty-second regiment infantry volunteers,
praying for a pension ; which, by unanimous
consent, was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bills are ex-
eluded by the restrictive rule of the Senate,
but the Senator from Arkansas asks unan-
imous consent to introduce a bill, the title of
which will be reported. For what purpose ?
Mr. RICE. For the purpose of having it
printed and laid on the table or referred to a
committee, if there be no objection to that
course. I want to get it off my hands.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill as
follows: A bill to incorporate the Red River
Raft Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Arkansas desires unanimous consent to have
this bill introduced, ordered to be printed, and
laid on the table or referred. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce the bill (S. No. 305) to incorporate
the Red River Raft Company; and it was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. RICE. 1 have another bill which I ask
unanimous consent to introduce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that a number of Senators having bills to
present have not been allowed to introduce
them; but the Chair will entertain these re-
quests if such be the desire of the Senate.
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 30S) to fix the time
of holding the United States courts in the dis-
tricts of Arkansas; and it was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL. I also desire unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill. I do not care, how-
ever, to have it referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
North Carolina asks unanimous consent for
the introduction of a bill. Is there objection?
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 307) to establish a
western judicial district in North Carolina;
and it was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CRAG IN. I make a similar request
for leave to introduce a bill to be laid on the
table.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of
Richard Washington, a paymaster in the Uni-
ted States Navy; and it was read twice by its
title, and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill for the purpose of reference.
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 309) to prohibit
the retention of soldiers' discharges by claim
agents and attorneys; and it was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE. I should like leave to intro-
duce a bill which I desire to have printed and
referred.
No objection being made, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 310) leasing the
Presidio reservation in the city of San Fran-
cisco for a public park ; and it was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC LAND LAWS.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I offer the
following resolution:
Mesolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to inform the Senate under what laws indi-
viduals and corporations have become the owners of
larse bodies of the public land, so as to retard the
settlement of the country.
Upon this resolution I should like to submit
to the Senate some remarks which I have pre-
pared. It will not take me long to submit them
