402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
if the Senate will grant me this indulgence
during the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this res-
olution? The Chair hears none; and the
resolution is before the Senate.
DAHLONEGA BRANCH MINT.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Nevada allow me to call up a little
bill making a small donation to the State of
Georgia, to which I think there will be no
objection on the part of any Senator? It is
known to the Senate that we have on old mint
building in that State, which is of no further
use t.o the Government, as is stated by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and by another of the
Secretaries, and it has been exposed to public
sale, and the only offer that could be obtained
for it was a little over thirteen hundred dollars.
The building is valuable if it can be turned to
any use. The northern part of the State of
Georgia desires that we should donate it for
the purpose of an agricultural college. The
bill is pending, and if there is no objection I
should like to have it disposed of.
Mr. STEWART. If it will occupy no time
I will give way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If it gives
rise to the slightest debate I shall not insist
on it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from Nevada is before the Sen-
ate by unanimous consent; but he yields to
the Senator from Vermont, who asks that by
unanimous consent the Senate proceed to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 278) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to convey the Uni-
ted States branch mintatDahlonega, Georgia,
to the trustees of the North Georgia agricul-
tural college for educational purposes. This
bill will be read, subject to a demand for the
•regular order.
The bill was read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say
one word in addition, that the machinery and
all the implements have been taken out of the
mint a long time ago. It i3 a mere shell of a
building.
Mr. CASSERLY. I inquire what is the
condition of that bif! before this body now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has asked unanimous consent
for its consideration.
Mr. HILL. I hope it will not be objected to.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I want to ascertain
is whether the Chair considers the unanimous
consent to have been granted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I should prefer to
examine the bill. It is a complicated bill;
there are a good many provisions in it refer-
ring to various statutes, and I should like to
examine it before it is further acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
California demands the regular order, which
is the resolution of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, subsequently
said; I understand that the Senatorfrom Cali-
fornia will withdraw his objection now to the
little bill which was up some time ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California withdraw his objection ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Underthe circumstances,
and with the statements mad« to me by the
Senator from Vermont and the Senator from
Georgia, I do not wish to press the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California having withdrawn his objec-
tion, the Senator from Vermont asks unani-
mous consent that the Senate consider the bill
(S. No. 273) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to convey the United States branch
mint at Dahionega, Georgia, to the trustees of
the North Georgia agricultural college for
educational purposes.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to convey to the trustees
of the North Georgia agricultural college,
located in the town of Dahionega, Georgia,
the building known as the United States branch
mint at Dahionega, and the ten acres of land
connected therewith, located on lot of land
No. 949, in the twelfth district and first section
of Lu mpkin county ; the conveyance to be made
by the Secretary of tfie Treasury so soon as he
is assured that the trustees have been properly
incorporated by the laws of Georgia, and on
the express condition that the building shall
be used exclusively for educational purposes,
which may include, in addition to such branches
as relate to agriculture, a bureau of miner-
alogy and geology and the mechanic arts.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with an amendment,
which was in lines fourteen, fifteen, and six-
teen to strike out the words "which may
include, in addition to such branches as relate
to agriculture, a bureau of mineralogy and
geology and the mechanic arts," and to insert
in lieu thereof "and in conformity with the
provisions of the act entitled 'An act donating
public lands to the several States and Territo-
ries which may provide colleges for the benefit
of agriculture and the mechanic arts.' "
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC LAND LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution submitted by Mr. Stewart:
1iesolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to inform the Senate under what laws in-
dividuals and corporations have become the owners
of large bodies of the public lands so as to retard the
settlement of the country.
Mr. STEWART. In stating my views upon
the policy of the Government concerning the
public domain it will first be necessary to
review, briefly, the legislation on the subject.
LEGISLATION ON THE SUBJECT.
In the early history of the Government set-
tlers upon the public lands were treated as
trespassers ; but as settlements advanced into
the now States and Territories containing pub-
lic lands, this harsh system was first modified
and finally abandoned.
PREEMPTION SYSTEM,
Our preemption system really commenced
in acts for the relief of settlers who had vio-
lated the law in entering upon the public lands,
and these acts were followed by others, run-
ning for limited periods, permitting settlers to
enter upon and purchase them. This system
was continued, and special acts were framed
almost every year, for more than a third of a
century, until, on the 4th of September, 1841,
the act known as the preemption law was
GENERAL LAW OF 1841.
This act provides that any citizen of the
United States, or an alien having declared his
intention to become a citizen, may enter upon
any surveyed quarter section of public land,
and, after having made a bona fide settlement
thereon, may purchase the same at the mini-
mum price of $1 25 per acre.
UNSIJRYEYED LANDS.
Special acts were thereafter passed extend-
ing the right of entry in certain States to un-
surveyed lands, with the condition that after
the surveys were made the entry should con-
form therewith, and finally, in 1862, all unsur-
veyed lands were thus thrown open to entry
and settlement.
HOW ACTUAL SETTLERS WERE DEPRIVED OF BENEFITS.
One feature of this law under which its ben-
eficial operations have been greatly lessened
is the continuation of a system, inaugurated
prior to its passage, of offering the surveyed
public lands for sale at auction, and if not
sold, as they are not in localities where the
surveys have been pushed beyond the require-
ments of settlement, then of permitting their
purchase under private entry and in large
quantities, at the minimum price of $1 25 per
acre. In addition to these preemption laws,
various special acts were passed providing for
cash sales of the public lands.
* HOMESTEAD LAW.
The homestead act of May 20, 18C2, pro-
vided that any citizen, or alien having declared
his intention to become a citizen, and who is
the head of a family, or who is twenty-one
years of age, may enter upon one hundred and
sixty acres of public land, subject to preemp-
tion, at $1 25 per acre, and by residing on the
same for five years may entitle himself to a
patent therefor.
BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
By various acts of Congress bounty land war-
rants were authorized to be issued to soldiers
entitling them each to one hundred and sixty
acres of land. These acts first required that
the soldier should enter the land himself and
his warrant would be received in payment there-
for. Subsequently acts were passed, first,
allowing the entry to be made by an attorney,
but finally making the warrants assignable.
GRANTS IN AID OF EDUCATION.
The sixteenth section of each township, from
the formation of the Government, and the six-
teenth and thirty-sixth for many years past, have
been donated to the States for school purposes.
In 1862 the agricultural college act was passed,
granting to the several States amounts of land
proportioned to their respective representation
in Congress, and it was provided that in States
where there was no public land scrip should
issue covering the amounts to which they were
respectively entitled, to be located upon any
public lands subject to private entry. Small
grants have also been made in aid of universi-
ties in some of the western States.
HALF-BREED SCRIP.
Acts have also been passed for the issuance
of land scrip to certain half-breed Indians, to
be entered by the Indians themselves ; but by
some unknown process it was entered by and
patented to white assignees.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LAND.
By the acts of March 2, 1849, September
28, 1850, and March 12, 1860, the swamp and
overflowed lands of the public domain within
the States then admitted into the Union were
granted to those States to encourage their
reclamation.
GRANTS TO AID INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
By the act of 1841, before mentioned, a grant
of five hundred thousand acres was made to
each of the States containing public lands,
and to such States as might thereafter be ad-
mitted, the proceeds to be devoted to internal
improvements therein. In several States, how-
ever, under subsequent acts, these lands have
been used for educational purposes.
_ Various other grants have been made from
time to time in aid of improvements of rivers
and harbors, and the construction of canals,
breakwaters, and wagon-roads.
RAILROAD LAND GRANTS.
In 1850 an act was passed granting to the
Illinois Central railroad six alternate sections
per mile along the line of the road to aid in its
construction. The price of the remaining sec-
tions was raised from $1 25 to S2 50 per acre,
and reserved exclusively for preemption, the
entry by scrip and warrants being confined to
lands subject to sale at $1 25 per acre. From
the date of the Illinois Central grant until the
present time, at nearly every session of Con
gress, similar grants have been made to aid in
the construction of other railroads.
SUMMARY.
I believe I have alluded in a general way to
all legislation under which any considerable
portion of the public domain has been alien-
