1871-]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Williams.
Ho. of Reps.
of American citizens under and by virtue of
section two, article four of the Constitution,
in these words:
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States,"
Besides the lucid and exhaustive argument
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
and the cases cited by him, I refer to the lan-
guage of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of Moore vs. The People
of the State of Illinois, which is, that " every
citizen of the United States is also a citizen
of a State or Territory." This decision was
rendered in 1852. What more have we in the
amendment? Nothing. Will you observe the
language? The amendment reads:
"A'l persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States andof tho State wherein
they reside."
The decision of the Supreme Court reads:
"Every citizen of the United States is also a citi-
zen of a State or Territory."
As to the next sentence in the amendment,
any person can judge whether the privileges
and immunities of the citizen are enlarged or
multiplied. It reads:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge theprivilegesorimmunities of citizens
of tho United States."
The clause inserted by the original framers
of the Constitution reads:
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
Let the country, with all the experience of
the past, judge as to the necessity of this
legislation. For seventy years we prospered
under the old Constitution, each individual
citizen (all being citizens now, under the fif-
teenth amendment and the adjudicated cases)
enjoying the amplest protection in all his
rights, privileges, and immunities.
Enforcement of fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. W. WILLIAMS,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
April 5, 1871.
The House having under consideration the bill
f II. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, said:
Mr. Speaker : Had Solomon lived in our
day, surrounded by the circumstances which
surround us, he would never have made the
declaration that there was nothing new under
the sun, for it is certainly new that iu our
boasted and free Republic there should be
found a political party claiming as its founders
Jefferson, Madison, and Jackson, and num-
bering in its organization millions of devout
worshipers at the shrine of blind party adher-
ence, who to-day stand in the highway of pro-
gress and civilization and attempt to block
up the way of the advancing columns who are
piessing on to a grander and nobler destiny.
Sir, I would give to the Democratic party
full credit for its noble achievements in the
days of its purity, when fidelity to the Consti-
tution and integrity in the administration of
the civil affairs of the Government were the
leading characteristics which marked its birth
and followed it to mature manhood. Sir, I
would with no ruthless hand pluck one laurel
from the wreath that encircles the brow of the
Democratic fathers who now sleep in the silent
tomb of a country to-day, over whose vast ter-
ritory our flag still floats, and whose bright
jewels upon its folds proclaim protection to
every American citizen.
Sir, I could go to Montieello and the Her-
mitage, where sleep Jefferson and Jackson,
and kneel upon their green surface, and, re-
membering the sacred deposits within, I could
devoutly pray that the spirits of the departed
statesmen and heroes might be reanimated and
galvanized into life to go forth to their degen-
erate and fallen children, who to-day are willing
worshipers at the shrine of treason and inspire
themtohigherand holier purposes and a loftier
patriotism. Sir, Low are the mighty fallen!
The impress of decay is written upon all things
material, and as I speak to-day iu the council
chamber of a free and patriotic people and as
the Representative of one hundred and twenty
thousand of her people for my country, I see
a ghaslly specter of what is called Democracy
walking as the pestilence in darkness, or the
destruction that wasteth at noonday, and
shameless and with brazen effrontery proclaim-
ing that, under that flag and under its protec-
tion, to give to the American citizen protection
to life, liberty, and property is a violation of
the letter and spirit of the Constitution of our
fathers.
Mr. Speaker, this bill that meets with the
united opposition of these degenerate sons of
the old Democratic fathers provides—what?
Only for the enforcement of the three great
rights of the Declaration of Independence,
announced to the civilized world and enforced
by the sacred provisions of the Constitution of
the United States, for which these pretenders
of constitutional liberty profess so much vener-
ation. For it I can cheerfully vote, or for the
enactment of any law which shall secure to
every American citizen the equal protection of
the law and the enforcement of every constitu-
tional privilege by appropriate legislation.
Mr. Speaker, we are told that this bill is
unconstitutional, a violation of the rights of
the States, and an infringement on State sov-
ereignty, and its enactment into a law would
jeopardize our whole Republic, and throw
from its center the balance-wheel that gives
velocity and regularity to its entire machinery.
Sir, the casual observer who reads the current
events of the day will find that every hellish
murder committed by the assassin in angry
or jealous passion or midnight revelry founds
its defense on the ground of insanity, and
expects on that defense to escape punishment.
So with the Democratic party.
Whenever the rights of the people are in-
vaded, and the secret organizations of the
Democratic party in the South, masked in
horrid costume, and bound by secret and ter-
rible oaths, under cover of midnight, plunge
the murderer's knife into the heart of the loyal
Republican, whose only crime is defending the
principles of free government, who take from
home, wife, and children their only protector
• in the hours of darkness and hang him to the
nearest tree because he votes the Republican
ticket—ah, more, who are the whippers of
women and the scourgers of cripples, the halt,
maimed, and blind; who are instrumental as
the suborners of witnesses, who bribe their
judges, and place in the jury-box perjured
accomplices and villains, who let the guilty
escape, and the local and civil law becomes
a farce and a mockery—when these things
are to be corrected and life and liberty pro-
tected by congressional legislation, then a holy
horror surrounds our Democratic friends on
the other side of the House, and in an instant
the sonorous voice of my friend from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Eldridge,] and the sweet, melodi-
ous voice of the genial and pleasant gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] and the com-
manding voice of the distinguished leader of
the Democracy from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
are heard shouting "Revolution, revolution,
revolution ; a violation of the Constitution !"
Sir, I will do my Democratic friends the jus-
tice to say that while I have no confidence in their
patriotism when it conflicts with party success
or party triumph, Ihaveabundantconfidencein
their consistency. When the leadei's of their
party in the South, who had been fed, nur-
tured, and educated at the expense of the Gov-
ernment, raised the impious hand of rebellion
to tear down our flag from a national fort;
who stole from the arsenals of the North our
cannon and arms, to destroy the life of the
nation and dismember our Republic and make
slavery its corner-stone, and upon the ruins
of afree government build up a slave oligarchy
to rule the empire; who robbed our Treasury
and divided the spoils, and cast lots for our
heritage, to bury it forever—when this was
attempted, and the Republican party sounded
the tocsin of alarm, and tiie clarion voice of
Lincoln was heard above the rebel cannon
calling his countrymen to our defense, the
Democrats said it was unconstitutional to pre-
serve the life of the nation! When the Presi-
dent called for tho seventy-five thousand
troops to defend our national capital from the
invading hosts of traitorous Democrats of
the South, the cry waxed louder, "unconstitu-
tional!" When slaves, loyal to freedom and
humanity, entered the lines of our Army and
brought food to our famishing and suffering
soldiers, and were refused to be given back to
their rebel masters whose hands were red
with the blood of our martyred heroes, Democ-
racy shouted, "unconstitutional!" When, to
save the life of the nation, the immortal proc-
lamation of Lincoln, freeing four millions of
the dusky sons of Ham, was borne upon the
telegraphic wires, and the air was rent with the
shouts of hallelujahs to God in the highest,
Democrats said, "unconstitutional," "a vio-
lation of the fugitive slave law," a law that
made every northern white man perform the
duties of the southern bloodhound to his south-
ern master. When money and cannon were
wanted for the defenses of our national unity,
Democrats said "unconstitutional." When
the Democratic party met in national conven-
tion at Chicago, in 1864, they said by solemn
resolution the war was a failure, and was the
wrong remedy for secession ; and my venera-
ble friend from New York, over the way, [Mr.
Wood,] who was a delegate to that conven-
tion, made a prayer for peace.
Sir, I fancy, in my imagination, I see my dis-
tinguished and venerable looking friend, who
is now in his seat, down upon his knees in
that distinguished assemblage of peace Dem-
ocrats, his locks having grown gray in polit-
ical sin, and just about to pass over Jordan,
his eyes lookingimploringly to heaven, crying,
"Peace! peace! peace!" and hear him say,
" Call back our victorious armies who are con-
quering rebellion, and divide the great land
that God has given to us and who had decreed
that our Republic should be one."
Mr. Speaker, every victory to our loyal
armies was "unconstitutional." When Sher-
man took that grand march to the sea, excelling
in grandeur the proudest achievements of the
elder Napoleon, or Wellington, or any dead
or living hero, Democrats said it was '' uncon-
stitutional!" When our proud chieftain Grant,
with the boys iu blue, took from Lee his sword,
and the last armed rebel plead for mercy,
Democrats said it was "unconstitutional!"
When we sought to reconstruct the rebellious
and disloyal States and bring them back under
republican forms of government,^ and place
these wandering stars of the empire in their
proper political orbits, Democrats said " mili-
tary usurpation" and "unconstitutional!"
When we heard them knocking at the door of
Congress for admission, with constitutions re-
publican in form, and we had killed the fatted
calf and were encircling their necks with the
golden chain of the Republican party, of equal-
ity before the law, and protection to life, lib-
erty, person, and property, you Democrats
