166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Williams.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
solidly voted to keep them out, and shouted in
coarse, guttural tones, "unconstitutional!"
And now, when your disbanded confederate
brothers, who, in violation of their parole, and
in disguise and masked, in the dead hours of
the night are holding their meetings in woods
and caves, plotting the murder and assassin-
ation of Union men and poor defenseless
women, and when Government revenue officers
are menaced, and thocryofthe victims comes
to us from nearly every southern State to shield
them from the murderous hands of these vil-
lains and assassins who prowl masked at mid-
night, shouting their exultations in the midst
of their devilish and bloody carnival, you
Democrats say "unconstitutional," "revolu-
tion," "oppression;" and when we attempt
to amend the Constitution, you swear that is
unconstitutional.
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt but when our
Democratic friends shall have uttered their
last shout on earth against Republicanism and
progress and protection to American citizens,
and shall appear at the great judgment ssat,
and when Satan shall close up his bill of sale
on these Democratic disloyal politicians who
offered no prayer during the entire war for our
success, but clogged up the wheels of progress,
they will, when he calls tliem home to himself,
say to him, •'Satan, this is clearly unconstitu-
tional." [Great laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, our duty is to give protection
to every American, not only in our own laud,
but wherever on the civilized earth he may be
found. Our flag is broad enough to covi-r nil
its citizens on the civilized globe, and when
we find degenerate and traitorous rebels, in
violation of their parole, on surrender of the
rebel armies, with the same muskets, organiz-
ing into political clans, with horrid and blas-
phemous oaths, with grips, signs, and secret,
pass words, whose aim is, through murder, ar-
son, and intimidation, and whipping of women,
to deprive the American citizen ot any of his
rights under the Constitution, and especially
the ballot, the dearest right of a freeman, in
order to give this rebel and disloyal Demo-
cratic party South the political control of the
southern Slates, Congress should piovide,
by proper legislation, the most stringent, laws
for their pi otection; and, if necessary, 1 would
go so far, they having failed to maintain a
republican form of government, as to remand
them to military rule, uiuler control of Con-
gress; for I hold that when a republican form
of government is established and us u condi-
tion to the admission of n State, the Federal
Constitution implies n maintenance of that
Constitution, and if the evidence is conclusive
that these late rebellious Stales simply adopted
the constitutions to gain admission ns .Slates
and to gel representation in Congress, and then
deliberately or permissively refuses, through
her rebel courts and juries and witnesses, to
secure to Ihe loyal men their rights under the
Federal Constitution, then the right of Con-
gress to exercise ils power to maintain such
Constitution by national legislation, where the
State fails to do so through conspiracy or for
any other cause, is very clear and unques-
tionable in my mind, and should at once be
exercised.
Mr. Speaker, we arc told by Democratic
friends, by word and printed speeches, that no
necessity exists foradditional legislation ; that
there is no such organization as Ku KJux
which is general or dangerous in the southern
States r< qairing legislation, even if they con-
ceded to i-s the constitutional right to do so.
I now propose to show the falsity of tl at
denial, and will prove from the most reliable
testimony that such an institution does exist
in nearly all the southern States; and, first, that
its members are all Democrats; second, its
object and ritual is to intimidate and murder
leading Republicans and whip and scourge
negroes and Republican voters in order to
drive them from the country or to their support,
and to give the Democratic party political
power; third, that its secret oaths demand
perjury to screen its members who are guilty
of crime, when arrested, and in all its bearings
is wicked, unlawful, malignant and devilish ;
and lastly, that the Democratic party North
stand as the apologists for these crimes, and
hope to reach success by their perpetration
and continuance, and its continuance is by
them deemed essential to their political suc-
cess in 1872.
I find, upon examination of thei testimony
taken before the Senate investigating com-
mittee, and sent to Congress by the Presi-
dent in his message on southern outrages,
the following oath of this Democratic organ-
ization :
"You solemnly swoar in tho presence of Almighty
God that you wilt never reveal tho name of the per-
son who initiated you; and that you will never ro-
vonl what is now about to come to your knowledge ;
n nd that you are not now a member of the Red String
Order, Union beaisue, Heroes of Auxeiioa, Grand
Army of the Republic, or any other organization
whoso aim and intention is to destroy tho rights of
tho South, or of tho States, or of the people, or to
elevato tho nesro to a political equality with your-
self; and that you are opposed to all such principles:
so help you God.
" You further swear before Almighty God that you
will lie truo to the principles of this brotherhood and
the mcmboh thereof; and that you will never revoal
any of tho secrets, orders, acts, or edicts, and that
you wilt never m.iko known to any person, not a
known member of this brotherhood. that you are a
member yourself, or who aromombers; and that you
will never assist in initiating oraltow to be initiated,
it' yon onn prevent it, any ono belonging to the Red
String Order, Union LcaKito, Heroes of America,
Grand Army of tho Republic, or any ono holding
Radical views or opinions; and bhould any member
of this brotherhood, or their families, bo in danger,
you will inform thorn of their danger, and if neces-
sary, you will go to thoir a-ssistaneo ; and that you
will oppose all Radicals and negroes in all of their
political designs; and that should any Radical or
negro iinposo oil, abuse, or injure any member of
this brotherhood, you will assistin punishing him in
any manner the camp may direct.
" Youfurther sweartliat you will obey all calls and
stlill mouses of tho chief of you ream per biotheihood,
should it tie in your power so to do.
"Given upon this, your obligation, that you will
never (jive the word ol distress unless you are in groat
need of assistance ; a nd should you hear it given by
any brother, you will go to his or their assistance;
and should any member reveal any of tho sccrots,
nets, orders, or edicts of the biothorhood, you will
assist in punishing him in any w.iy the camp may
dnoot or approve of; so help you God."
Mr. Speaker, you will see that no soldier
who defended the (lug of bis country could be
taken into this Ku IClux Klan. It must be the
pure rebel Democracy. 1 presume as the
Union soldier approached these Democratic
conclaves he would hear the voice of these
masked villains, louder than the voice from
the burning bush to Moses, saying to him,
" Come not. near this consecrated spot, where
Democrats in midnight conclave are plotting
the assassinationofthe loyal men who defended
yourflug " And now, sir, I give the testimony,
taken before the same Senate committee, of the
duties required of the members of that, organ-
ization, Irotn the same witness:
"QucHhtm. Upon the oatli administered, tho mode
of pioeeilure prescribod, and the government of the
orgonizat ion. so far as you have observed, are the
members bound to cany out t lie decrees of the order,
if t hey in vol vo minder and assassination ?
'Vtifiioei-. X think so, sir. If it was decided to take
tho tile of a man, a camp is ordered to execute the
sentence, and is bound to do it.
"Question. Whalwould bo the penalty if any mem-
ber retused ?
"Auwct. I do not know that any penalty was pre-
scribed tor that. A member could excuse himself
irnin attend.nice at meetings or troin gniH£ upon
raids if ho had a proper excuse. Tile penalty pre-
scribed m the regulations for the punishment of
any member who should disclose the secrets of tho
order was death. K.ieii member was informed upon
his iiiitiarion that if he disclosed the secrets of the
oigiOiii.iIieu he should be the fust victim.
" Qui",/ion. Tf liny arrests should bo made by the
civil authorities tor murders or other crimes com-
mitted in pursuance ot the decrees of a camp, to
what extent did the obligations of members bind
them to assist arid protect each other?
"AaMcer. To w.iatever extent was in their power.
" Question. Did it go to the extent of giving testi-
mony in behalf of each other or of acquitting if upon
a jury?
"Antwer. I think that was one of the objects and
intentions of the organization, that a person on the
witness-stand or in the jury-box should disregard
his oath in order to protect a member of the organ-
ization."
And another witness testifies that all its mem-
bers are Democrats. Purely a political organ-
ization in the interest of Democrats, and the
results of whose murders, whippings, and assas-
sinations are to inure to the benefit of the
Democratic party, either by compelling the
loyal negroes and whites to abandon the coun-
try or to give their support to the Democratic
ticket to secure them in life, person, and prop-
erty. Mr. Speaker, i can only give the affida-
vit of one more witness who was a member of
the Ku Klux Klan, whose testimony i find in
the published report of the Senate committee
establishing all the charges i have made :
F. U. Blanchard, a citizen of Alamance county,
North Carolina, being duly sworn, deposes and
swears as follows:
I was initiated as a. member of the organization
of White Brotherhood about two years ago. I was
initiated by George Mebano : there were about six
present, all in dtsguicc,save Younger. Mebauo was
in disguise until after I was initiated ; then he took
oil' his false face. The others I did not know. At'ter
Younger and myself were initiated we were asked
M whatwocaino there for." I answered, I did not
know. They said, " Wo had you brought hero to
make something in the shape of a coffin for to put at
Joseph McAdaui's door toscare him." I told them,
that i* something I cannot do. Some of tho party
told me that if 1 did not do it I would be hat god,
and put a rope around my neck, and one of them
run up a tree with a rope in his hands, and some
ono s.tid " Hold on." There the matter stopped. X
assisted in making tho collin or b >x. I did this, fear-
ing that if I did not I would be punished with death,
as! thought. AfLor making this box it was ieltin
tho shop, which was an open one. On the next
morning the collin was missing. The coffin was
finished on Saturday. The next I heard ot this was
that the collin was placed at Mr. Mo Adam's door. I
did not know the parties that placed at the door of
Mr. McAdam this coffin.
I never atterward had anything to do with the
organization,because, from tho above, X was led to
believe that its purposes were wrong.
i would have exposed the whole thing at the time
if X had not been afraid of being punusbed by death
by the organization. X do not think any mancould
have been eonvictod by tho civil authority, for tho
roason that we were bound to swear for our com-
rades, even to the extent of an alibi, and no power
but the military could have broken it up. X never
had a gown ; X was never in disguise. This organ-
izrition \v#s for tho purposo of the advancement of
the intere&ts of the Conservative party.
_ XMJ. BLANCHARD.
Sworn and subscribed before me, August 17, 1870.
W. A. ALBRXGHT, C. S. 0.
X now reply to so much of the Democratic
denial of the murders, assassinations, and
whippings of loyal Xlepublicans which occurred
in four counties of North Carolina within the
period of eighteen months, and in all cases the
victims were Republicans ; and in no one sin-
gle case were the perpetrators of these crimes
brought to justice, but the courts, officers and
judges, connived and winked at these hellish
atrocities:
Lincoln county.
Harriet Quickel, black, whipped and shot.
Sam Waul, wife, and daughter, black, whipped,
ltufus XYiday and wife, black, whipped.
James Falls, black, whipped,
Charles Sumner, black, whipped and robbed of
fifteen dollar?.
John Cunnely, black, whipped and shot.
William Magbee, black, robbed in tne woods of
all his money.
Reuben Litton, black, whipped and shot.
Jerry Wood, black, whipped and driven from
home; life threatened if he returned.
J. Barringer, black, whipped and driven from
home; life threatened if he returned.
llutus Bindhardt, black, whipped and shot dan-
gerously.
K. Wilfong, black, whipped and shot dangerously.
Peter Hoover, black, whipped.
Ijawson X'Mday, black, whipped and shot.
S. Motz, black, whipped
John Miller, white, whipped nnd shot.
Adeline Fisher, white, whipped.
.Mary Fisher, white, whipped.
Sally Fisher, white, whipped.
J. JMcMellen, white, whipped.
Jeff. Herndon, black, house robbed of two guns*
