1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
405
portion of the selections for several years past
have been made on Government sections within
the limits of railroad grants.
FARMS OFFERED TO SOLDIERS BY EXISTING LAWS.
Under existing laws a civilian is confined to
eighty acres as a homestead claim of lands
subject to entry at $2 50 per acre, while a sol-
dier who has served in the late war may enter
one hundred and sixty acres of the same class
of lands. As the soldier is thus preferred and
favored, being invited to accept without price
double the quantity as a homestead that can
be occupied byacivilian, and as the five years'
residence before the completion of his title
works as an exemption from taxation, let us
rather if we aid him further do it by means of
a sum of money to enable him to purchase
agricultural implements or to make improve-
ments on his farm than to repeat in his case
the mockery of a benefit given to him in name
to be enjoyed by some sharper who shall, find-
ing him needy, obtain his land warrant for less
than enough to purchase a*suit of clothes.
OTHER FALSE PRETENSES.
I could go on and show that zeal in the
interest of popular and of liberal education
has too often been simulated by schemers who
desired to enrich themselves through loose
legislation, asked for in furtherance of those
grand objects.
But enough has been said upon this head
to serve my purpose, which is to sound a warn-
ing against new projects for squandering the
remainder of the great public domain.
GENERAL REMARKS.
The history of the legislation for the dispo-
sition of the public lauds and the results of
that legislation furnish a guide for the future.
The idea, once so much discussed, of either
distributing the proceeds of the sales of these
lands among the States or raising revenue
therefrom for the support of the Government
has been long since abandoned. The United
States places a higher value on a hundred and
sixty acres of land owned and cultivated by a
settler than on an equal amount of unoccupied
land owned by the Govern ment. The homestead
act of 1862 is a standing offer to give away all
the public lands to the people if they will take
them and live on them. This offer has been
open to all the world for nine years, and the
Government has not been able to give away
sixteen million acres.
FARMERS MUST EE WITHIN REACH OF MARKETS.
It is a significant fact that, as a rule, it has
been impossible to give away any land located
a great distance from market or some means
of steam transportion.
TRUE TEST FOR WISE LAND LEGISLATION.
There is no longer a question that good
policy requires that the public lands shall be
so distributed as to secure the greatest possible
number of small farms for actual settlers.
Any legislation which will produce this result
should be adhered to, and all proceedings and
laws having a contrary tendency should be
avoided. Every law now in force, or hereafter
to be enacted, must be submitted to this test:
will it promote settlement? Itis manifestthat
in all cases where lands fall into the hands of
persons whose only interest is either to hold
them in large bodies or to sell them at ad-
vanced prices settlement is retarded. It needs
no argument to show that no more warrants or
scrip of any description should be issued. It
is also very clear that no more swamp land
grants should be made, nor should any further
grants be made to States for any purpose under
which lands can be selected in large bodies.
This would exclude all modes of alienation
except under the homestead and preemption
laws and such other legislation as may be
necessary to make those laws operative.
STEAM COMMUNICATION INDISPENSABLE TO DEVELOP-
MENT.
The public lands must first be reached by
steam communication before they can be sold
under the preemption laws or given away
under the homestead laws.
HOW TO SECURE IT.
I know of no mode of furnishing this com-
munication but by railroads. I know of no-
way of insuring their construction in sparsely
settled regions but by offering inducements in
aid of private capital.
STEPHEN A. DOUGLAS THE ORIGINATOR OF THE RAIL-
ROAD ORANT SYSTEM.
That far-seeing statesman from Illinois, (the
late Senator Douglas,) whose great ambition
was the development of the West, compre-
hended the situation when he inaugurated the
system of land grants to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads. The plan was simple.
WHAT THE SYSTEM IS.
The Government had large regions of coun-
try which it wanted inhabited. It wanted peo-
ple to occupy its vacant lands. These lands
were not so situated as to induce settlement.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
It was proposed to the Illinois Central Com-
pany that if it would build a railroad'so as to
make the other lands of the United Statesavail-
able along the line thereof, the Government
would donate in aid of the road a certain num-
ber of sections. The law provided that the
reserved sections of the Government should
be sold for double the price of other lands, so
that it would receive the same amount for the
reserved half that it charged for the whole
before making the grant.
NO COST TO THE GOVERNMENT.
If the half was as readily sold at $2 50 per
acre as the whole at $1 25, it is manifest
that this transaction withheld nothing from
the Treasury. But experience has proved
that the even sections within railroad grants
sell much more readily at $2 50 per acre than
lands outside of those grants at half the price.
The Government, then, while sustaining no
loss, is a gainer in the transaction by a better
market for its lands and a more rapid devel-
opment of the country. If the object of the
United States is to sell its lands for cash it
can do so under this system, while as a rule it
is impossible to give away the same class of
lands where no railroads exist. But money is
not the object.
HOMES FOR THE PEOPLE.
To produce homes for the people is the great
end to be obtained. Railroad grants must be
approved or condemned by the answer to be
given to the question, do they promote or
relard settlement? This system has been in
operation over twenty years, and the facts
developed must answer the question.
NEW SETTLEMENTS.
Itis safe to affirm that settlements will ad-
vance into those sections furnishing the great-
est inducements. Where does the settler go in
search of a home in the West? Certainly not
to points remote from railroads; nor does he
hunt those localities where the scrip sharper or
the swamp land operator has preceded him ;
but he follows the railroads as he formerly fol-
lowed the Mississippi and the lakes. Let a
railroad grant pass Congress and before a map
can be filed and the lands withdrawn the sup-
posed line is sought by settlers selecting homes
in anticipation of the construction of the road.
The rights of the road do not attach and the
reserved sections are not raised to double mini-
mum until the line is located and the lands
withdrawn, and many preemption claims and
homesteads are taken in the interval between
the passage of the law and the withdrawal of
the lands.
SETTLERS PEEPER HALF THE QUANTITY WHEN NEAR
RAILROADS.
As the work progresses the Government sec-
tions are taken by homestead settlers, although
they are confined to half the quantity, or by
preemption settlers, although they are required
to pay double theamount, in preference to other
lands.
WHAT THE RAILROAD CORPORATIONS GET AND WHAT
THEY DO WITH IT.
But the principal objection urged against
these grants is that the railroad companies get
a portion of the land. This is true; but they
do not get the land in large bodies, nor do
they have an opportunity to select their land.
They must take the bad with the good. They
cannot get more than one half of the good land,
which is not the case in the other modes of
disposing of lands to which we have objected.
The companies must sell the lands for money
to build the roads and pay interest on their
bonds; and, what is still more important, and
without which they cannot exist and run their
roads, they must have settlers along the line
of the road to furnish business. This can
only be accomplished by selling the land in
small quantities to actual settlers.
This view is not based on mere theory, but
is sustained by the actual facts. In the course
of the various discussions upon this subject it
has often been asserted l hat these railroads, act-
ing in their own interest, had sold their lands
as rapidly as possible, at reasonable prices and
on reasonable terms, and these statements have
not yet been successfully contradicted. All
attempts to prove the reverse by a resort to
examples have tended to confirm the correct-
ness of these representations; as in the case
of the Illinois Central railroad, in which it
appeared, upon investigation, that that com-
pany had administered the trust imposed upon
it by the disposition of its lands among small
farmers. I do not deny that it is possible for
a corporation to abuse itstrust; but such
abuses may be safely left to the unfailing
remedy of self-interest. I do affirm that this
railroad land grant system is no more subject
to abuse than are the preemption laws.
RAILROAD COMPANIES ARE COLONIZATION SOCIETIES.
Every company having a grant in aid of a
railroad, so soon as it commences operations,
acts as a colonization society to induce settlers
to occupy the lands along the line of its road,
as can be verified by a visit to the office of
any one of these companies. The business of
railroads being the transportation of passengers
and freights the volume of their business is
dependent upon population. If the companies
hold their land it is plain that to that extent
they exclude population.
EXCLUSION OF SCRIP-SIIARPERS FROM RAILROAD
RESERVATIONS.
But there is something that these grants have
excluded, and that is other modes of alienation
within the limits of the grant. Under existing
laws no double-minimum lands can be disposed
of except to homestead and preemption set-
tlers ; and this rule has never been departed
from in favor of scrip locations, save in a single
instance. That was in the case of the college
grant to California. By an act passed at the
last session the State was permitted, in select-
ing the remainder of its college lands, to go
inside of railroad-grant reservations. Thus it
will be seen that the great speculative opera-
tions which have so retarded the growth of the
country, and by which large bodies of land
are to-day withheld from settlement in all the
western States, have found a check in the rail-
road land-grant system.
REAL SOURCE OF MOST OF THE DENUNCIATION OF
RAILROAD GRANTS.
Perhaps it is to this fact that we may attrib-
ute much of the effort to manufacture public
opinion adverse to aiding the construction of
railroads. If a scheme could pass Congress
for a fresh batch of land scrip, assignable and
subject to location at the will of the holder
within the limits of the railroad-grant reserv-
ations, we should hear bat little clamor from
those now most actively engaged in agttating
the question against the policy of aiding in the
construction of railroads by reasonable grants
of public land.
