406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
GREAT LAND GRABS HAVE PASSED WITH SLIGHT
NOTICE.
When one sees the efforts to prevent pro-
gress in the development of the great West by
means of increasing railroad communication,
lie is struck with wonder that the great jobs by
which by far the greater portion of the public
lands have been absorbed to enrich the few have
passed with so little notice. The officious
friend of the settler was then otherwise occu-
pied. Is he now intent on new schemes of
aggrandizement, new conspiracies against the
settlement of the country by the people ? Does
he wish to prevent the settlement of the coun-
try unless he can continue his harvest?
PUBLIC LANDS YET REMAINING.
The amount of public lands unsold and un-
appropriated on June 30, 1870, exclusive of
Alaska, was 1,018,202,609 acres, from which
should be deducted the grant to the Texas Pa-
cific road, made at the last session, 21,000,000
acres. Balance of public domain now unap-
propriated, 997,202,609 acres. It would not
be safe to estimate the portion of this land fit
for cultivation at more than one third of the
whole. This would leave of public lands suit-
able for homes yet unsold and unappropriated
332.400,809 acres, the best portions of which
are reserved for Indians. The other two thirds
are either grazing or mining lands or desert.
THE INDIAN TERRITORY.
I shall at another time take occasion to make
some allusion to the fact that in the middle of
the continent, and in its richest part, surround-
ed by States, there exists a country known as
the Indian territory, a country larger and more
fertile than either of the great States of Illi-
nois or Missouri, occupied by a handful of
Indians, to the exclusion of all settlers, where
an aristocratic barbarism not only monopo-
lizes the country, but denies to the surround-
ing States the right of way across its imperial
dominions. This close imitation of oriental
exelusiveness may yet be forced to give way
to the advancing steps of civilization.
CONCLUSION.
I shall for the present let what I have said
suffice as my presentation of views in reference
to the disposition by the Government of the
public lands hi the past, and what I deem the
best policy if we would promote the growth
and welfare of the country in the future.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. STEWART. Let it lie over for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie on the table.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it. was
Ordered That Surgeon James Simons. United
States Army, have leave to withdraw his petition
ior compensation for property taken by the United
States Army in Texas, and accompanying papers,
irom the files of tho Senate.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered That George W, Jones, of Cincinnati,
pave leave to withdraw his petition and papers from
the files of the Senate,
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of James
A. Waymine bo taken from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
cherokee strip.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to make a report from the Committee on Indian
Affairs. The Committee on Indian Affairs,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 272)
to provide for the sale of certain Indian lands
in Kansas known as the Cherokee strip, have
directed me to report it without amendment.
_ Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will be con-
sidered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection.
Mr. POMEROY. That bill provides for the
sale oftwo miles of land in the State ofliansas—
a strip known as the Cherokee strip, on which
actual settlers are now located. I undertook
to put it on the appropriation bill, but Senators
objected to it because it was legislation ; and
they said that if I would bring it up as a sep-
arate measure they would make no objection,
but would agree to it. It proposes to sell that
strip of land to actual settlers at $1 25 an acre.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
printed and go over.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects. The bill cannot therefore
be considered.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives had signed the following enrolled bills ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
President;
A bill (S. No. 220) authorizing the Presi-
dent to appoint commissioners to examine
and report upon the Sutro tunnel, in the State
of Nevada;
A bill (S. No. 296) granting a pension to
Phoebe Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield ;
A bill (S. No. 21) to pay members of certain
military organizations therein named ; and
A bill (S. No. 88) to amend an act entitled
"An act to divide the State of Virginia into
two judicial districts and
A bill (H. R. No. 321) for the relief of
Robert Moir & Co.
protection of life, etc., at the south.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Sher-
man on the 16th of March:
Resolved, That as organized bands of lawless and
desperate men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oath and secret obligations, are proven
to exist in the State of North Carolina, and have, by
force, terror, and violence, defied civil authority in
that State, and by organized perjury have rendered
the courts powerless to punish the erimes they have
committed, thus overthrowing the safety of person
and property, and the rights which arc the primary
basis of civil government, and which are guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States to all its
citizens ; and as there is good reason to believe that
similar organizations exist, and have produced sim-
ilar results in many parts of the late insurrectionary
States; therefore, the Judiciary Committee is in-
structed to report a bill or bills to enable the Pres-
ident and the courts of the United States to execute
the laws, punish and prevent such organized vio-
lence, and secure to all citizens the rights so guaran-
tied to them.
Mr. BLAIR addressed the Senate for three
hours and a half without concluding. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix
after it shall have been concluded.] He gave
way to
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, who moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that motion is
acted upon, I desire to submit an amendment
which I shall propose hereafter on this subject,
which I ask to have printed.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The order to
print will be made if there be no objection.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, of Mary-
land, the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After fifteen minutes
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and (at four o'clock and fifty-five
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 3, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order olf business.
_ Mr. DAWES. I rise to move that the morn-
ing hour be dispensed with, and that the con-
sideration of the bill for tho enforcement of the
fourteenth amendment be proceeded with. I
think there need be no difficulty about making
this arrangement.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the morning hour will be dispensed with, and
the consideration of the bill for the enforcement
of the fourteenth amendment proceeded with.
The Chair hears none. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Shanks] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman proceeds
I would suggest that the chairman of the com-
mittee who reported the bill should endeavor
to make some definite arrangement as to the
time when the general debate will close and
we will proceed to what may be called business
debate. I do not desire, for my own part, to cut
off any legitimate debate that may be called
general debate; but it seems to me that no
gentleman on either side of the House ex-
pected, when the bill was brought in, that gen-
eral debate should continue longer than to-day.
We have gone through a debate conducted with
signal ability and candor on both sides, extend-
ing over the whole ground, and it seems to
me that it need not be extended further; and
unless my friend, the chairman of the commit-
tee, has a proposition to make, I would like to
press upon him the question whether he will
not to-day bring this general debate to a close,
that the House may proceed to a business
debate on the bill, in which the time will be
limited, so that we may see some prospect of
approaching the end of this discussion.
Mr. PORTER. I would like to say a single
word as to that. There are, I believe, about
thirty Republican members here from the
southern States, and of that number thus far
but three have been heard in favor of the
principle of the bill. Now, after gentlemen
living distant from the scenes where these fear-
ful outrages are being constantly perpetrated
have expressed their views in regard to this
matter, and who generally have no difficulty in
obtaining the floor, after they have said all
that they desire tosay, they propose to cut off
debate on the part of members from the sec-
tion of the country where the outrages have
occurred, and who may be supposed to be
most conversant with the subject, and who
may have views to which it would not be
entirely useless for the House to listen. I
trust that gentlemen from that section of the
country will be heard. It will be a wrong to
cut them off. If you do see fit to exclude
them from the discussion you must look oul
.for the safety of your bill.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have not ths
slightest desire to cut off debate on the part of
gentlemen from any section of the country, or
to deprive any member of the amplest oppor-
tunity for discussion. I am surprised at the
tone of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Porter.] I do not know of anybody who
has a greater interest in this bill than I have
myself; but I have refrained from occupying
a single moment of the time of the House,
although I am a member of the committee,
and thus have, in addition to my responsibili-
ties as a member, the interest of one of the
committee in regard to the bill.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. Porter] has
been here during the whole of the last week,
when all we could get of debate was four
speeches a day, when we adjourned from day
to day at four o'clock from absolute want of
members to occupy the floor.
Mr. PORTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word at this point? On every
day since this debate began, except the first
day, I have been trying to get the floor. That
is an answer to the gentleman's remark.
Mr. DAWES. I have only to say, Mr.
Speaker, that I am astonished the gentleman
has been unsuccessful, when we have, as is
known among members, adjourned at four
o'clock on several days because nobody wanted
to occupy the floor.
