isn.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
the State, because I had had an interview with
that " arch abolitionist and traitor, Thad. Ste-
vens." Up to that time I had never received
any denunciation at the hands of anybody. I
found that in addition to these secession leaders
and their prints my action was disapproved,
for another reason though, by the extreme
men of my own party. I was compelled in
honor to send those papers on both sides to
Mr. Stevens, and finally to say that my action
did not meet the approbation, as it appeared,
of any party in the State.
When the reconstruction acts passed I well
remember, and North Carolina remembers,
how the men who denounced me for that action
confessed the mistake they had made and how
much they regretted that they had not followed
my advice while Mr. Stevens and others were
in our favor. They regretted that the advice
had not been accepted which I gave to Gov-
ernor Worth, who was then the Governor of my
State elected by the Democracy, urging upon
him to bring the leaders of his party into the
movement to save North Carolina from the
impending storm, as we then called it.
Time wore on, and the reconstruction acts
came with all their volume upon us, and with
a provision that Congress might by "appro-
priate legislation," whatever that might be,
enforce those acts. By those acts a good
many white men were disfranchised; I mean,
were kept from the ballot-box.
The first general Republican convention that
assembled in North Carolina preceding the
constitutional convention under the recon-
struction acts was a large body of men drawn
from every section of the State, and I and my
late colleague were both members of it. There
is no.t a man of any party in that State, who
has watched the course of political events at
all, that does not remember three resolutions
which I introduced, and in which I was sus-
tained by many of the leading men of my
party, and by several of the very men whom
the Senator from Missouri has denounced here
as unworthy of belief anywhere ; men of emi-
nent purity of character, of legal and other
attainments, against whose reputation no
breath of suspicion ever was breathed until
the Senator from Missouri did it.
The first of those resolutions was an instruc-
tion from the party, in convention assembled,
to the coming constitutional convention to put
an article in the constitution admitting every
man, white and black, to the ballot-box—uni-
versal suffrage. That was directly in the face
of the reconstruction acts that were then upon
us, for by those acts a large number of white
men were disfranchised. I took the bold
ground that the Republican party should plant
itself upon that plank.
My second resolution was against what was
then threatened as a confiscation of property
by exorbitant taxation. Gentlemen in that
State well recoilect with what applause my
action was received, too much for my good,
by those who were the enemies of my party.
I proposed that there should be sueh restric-
tions put upon the taxation of property as to
prevent the Legislature from improperly, in
effect, confiscating property by the undue and
exorbitant levying of taxes.
The third resolution was not an instruction
to the constitutional convention about to as-
semble, but it was planting my party upon a
platform that it has stood upon in that State
ever since, that they should request the Con-
gressof'the United States to remove the polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment.
Those three propositions were voted down,
it is true, in that convention. There was a
majority of the Republican party, as there
repiesented, opposed to them; and when those
thiee propositions were voted down, I left the
convention with several others of the party
leaders. I did not believe that the sentiment
of my party was correctly represented on that
occasion, and I prepared an address to the
people of North Carolina on the subject.
Did my party sustain me when I appealed
to them out of the convention in their capa-
city as citizens? The convention appointed an
executive committee to prepare an address,
and that committee sent for ipe, and I appeared
before it. I laid before it my views and my
reasons for being in favor of universal suffrage,
notwithstanding the reconstruction acts, for
being in favor of restrictive taxation upon
property, for being in favor of the removal
of political disabilities—reasons which I have
urged since, and have urged within the last
few days here. That executive committee
issued their address to the people, and they
placed _ the party upon those three distinct
propositions, notwithstanding the action of
the convention.
When the constitutional convention assem-
bled, did they carry out the instructions of the
party in good faith? Yes, sir ; and I refer to
it for the purpose of showing the conservative
action and the conservative ground occupied
by the party in the State. They put an article
in the constitution by which every man, white
and black, was allowed to vote, granting uni-
versal suffrage ; and in every election that has
occurred since under the constitution every
man has had the right to vote without any
regard to whether he was implicated in-the
rebellion or not.
They did another thing which is a complete
answer to the charge of there being danger to
property under our constitution. They placed
in the constitution of North Carolina a pro-
vision, and I desire Senators to mark it, that
the taxation upon property and upon the poll
should be uniform ; that no greater tax should
be placed upon $800 worth of property than
was placed upon every poll in the State ; and
further than that, that no greater tax should
be placed upon the poll than two dollars; so
that it is not in the posrer of the Legislature
of North Carolina to tax $300 worth of prop-
erty beyond two dollars, and when they do
that they must put upon every poor man in the
Stete the same amount of tax.
The third proposition was not adopted be-
cause the constitutional convention had no
power over it. They had no power to remove
the political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment. But what course did I
pursue and how was I sustained by the Repub-
lican party on that? When the Legislature
assembled I wexit into the caucus of my party
and there urged upon them that they should
ask the Congress of the United States to re-
move the political disabilities of those who
were laboring under them. The caucus sus-
tained me although many men of the party,
I must confess, voted against it. There are
always extreme men in all parties and in all
organizations. The Legislature then in ses-
sion, being totally in the hands of the Repub-
licans, by an overwhelming majority, in-
structed my late colleague and myself to vote
for the removal of the political disabilities of
those who might.ask it. I believe my late col-
league introduced those instructions before the
Senate.
Mr. President, I have referred to these
things to show you how in its whole course the
party has been conservative and moderate in
its views and actions. I proceed with the nar-
rative ; but before doing so I wish to protest
here against the abuse that has been heaped
upon North Carolina. Sir, the people of
North Carolina are not so bad as they have
been represented.
It was intimated here that I had abused the
State, " maligned" i-t, I think., was the word
the Senator from Missouri used. I malign
the State of North Carolina! What did I
ever say against that glorious State? What
did I ever say against her people ? X have
expressed indignation and I have denounced
the miserable organization of cut-throats and
assassins who have banded together to disturb
the peace of my State and that endangers
its future prosperity and threatens to bring
blood shed and ruin upon the whole people.
Is it true that I cannot denounce a mur-
derer, an assassin, or a band of murderers
and assassins, without being charged with
denouncing the State?
Sir, that is one of the many tricks that the
Ku Klux organization have resorted to in order
to deter men from exposing them and from
denouncing them, it is a part of the plan by
which they suppose that-they can deter every
trae man in North Carolina, who is a native, at
least from exposing them; and those who are
called " carpet-baggers," as far as I have been
able to see, love North Carolina as well as
adopted citizens ever love any country where
they go, perhaps as well as the natives them-
selves, of any party. But how could any man
when he was charged continually, when de-
nouncing the Ku Klux, with intending to
denounce the State, but feel rather abashed
and hold back? They knew the power of the
charge. Twelve months ago, when I said in a
mild way in the Senate that these Ku .Klux
operations were goiug on in North Carolina,
it was denied squarely by all the papers of the
State of the Democratic stamp, and was
denounced by them as slandering the State.
Now they confess that they exist and under-
take to palliate and excuse them.
To denounce the Ku Klux is charged upon
a man as being equivalent to denouncing the
people of the State. Sir, they are not the peo-
ple of the State. The people of North Caro-
lina are law-abiding; they are honest; they
are still worthy of the reputation which they
have maintained for the last three quarters of
a century. But, sir, they are cursed with a
band of Democratic Ivu Klux, founded upon
the platform of the national Democratic party,
endeavoring, by violence, to carry out its
measures and its policy, and encouraged by
words and by publications to go on in their
horrid work. They are not the people of
North Carolina, nor do one third of the people
of North Carolina even sympathize with them.
Can I not denounce a cnmiiial and a mur-
derer in a county without denouncing the
people of the county? Sir, if there be any
true man who loves the community in which
he lives, he will denounce crime and murder
and denounce the perpetrators. I have not
allowed myself to be deterred from my duty
by these charges, nor will I be deterred now
or at any time hereafter.
But, sir, when it is proved by the evidence
here that forty thousand or more are banded
together for outrage and crime, which is a dis-
grace to the nation and at which humanity is
shocked, we are met, when they can no longer
deny it, by palliation ; and in palliating, what
have they done? Those who have been, whether
intentionally or not. yet, in effect, as the Sen-
ator troso Indiana said, encouraging the oper-
ations of the Ku Klux, have undertaken to
denounce the balance of the people of the State
as thieves and corruptionists. Sir, the State
of North Carolina, if we are to believe its pro-
fessed friends on tliis floor, is composed in the
main of thieves aud rascals and murderers and
assassins, if the condition of things be half
so bad as it has been represented here, then it
is time indeed for the Congress of the United
States to intervene ; but, sir, it is not half to bad.
It is an unjustifiable and unfounded abuse of
the people of the State. There is still honor
left among the southern people; there is still
honesty left.
The reconstruction policy of Congress under-
taken to be earned out where there were and
