1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Mr. PORTER. I never heard of that before.
Mr. DAWES. I did not arise with any
desire to cut off any legitimate debate. I am
willing to forego my own opportunity to speak,
although, under the rules, I would take prece-
dence of the gentleman.
Mr. PORTER. Certainly. You always do.
Mr. DAWES. Much as I desire to express
my views on this bill and the principles it
involves, I desire more to obtain early action
upon it. If every gentleman who does not get
the opportunity to which he thinks he is enti-
tled announces publicly to the House, "Zou
must look out, or your bill will be defeated
unless I can have my particular way," we
shall not get along very well. Mr. Speaker,
if I should take that position I should have
reason to doubt my own patriotism in the
matter; I should have some ground for self-
examination as to my motives. But I do not
make any suggestion in that regard to any
other member. If this feeble attempt on my
part to bring this debate to a close within
some definite time does not meet the views
of my friend [Mr. Shellabarger] who has
charge of the bill, and of those who are re-
sponsible for it, I, of course, shall not press
iny proposition. I think there is reason to say
that on both sides the amplest opportunity for
the discussion of this bill has been afforded
by the gentleman from Ohio, when, to the
exclusion of everything else, for one whole
week, including every evening when there has
been a wish on the part of any gentleman to
express his sentiments, time has been allowed
for debate and has been occupied to the con-
tent of the House. It seems to me that in the
pressing emergency of this case, which causes
a special session of Congress to be held at the
present time, we ought to come to a vote as
early as possible consistently with the proper
allowance of time to gentlemen who feel that
they ought to debate this bill. But, for myself,
I would not be disposed to yield any further
time upon any suggestion of gentlemen that
unless they have the opportunity to debate the
bill it will be defeated.
Mr. PORTEIt. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] has made' a mountain
out of a mole-hill. It is not my purpose in
any contingency to oppose the principle of
this bill. But still it is a fact that if this great
wrong and injustice shall be perpetrated upon
members from the portion of the country I
have named, it may result in placing the bill
ata disadvantage. I do not desire to be under-
stood as opposed to the bill, or rather the prin-
ciple of it, in any contingency. But I have
noticed during the course of my life, which
lias been short compared with that of the gen-,
tleman from Massachusetts, that when a wrong
is done it generally recoils upon those who do
it. I do not mean to be understood as imply-
ing that the gentleman would intentionally per-
petrate a wrong; but when there are several
members from the South who desire to be
heard, to exclude them, when only three from
that section have taken part in the discussion,
would be a wrong, and the result would prob-
ably be to put the bill at a disadvantage.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COB URN. I would like to say a word
before the gentleman from Ohio proceeds.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. COBURN. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is mis'aken when
he says that the floor has gone begging. It
may be true that on last Tuesday, the first day
of the debate, there was a lack of debaters ;
but since that such has not been the case.
There has been no failure of debaters for a
single day, except, perhaps, on the first day.
It is not possible for the Senate to get through
■with this matter very soon, and we will have
ample time before this bill is disposed of to
allow general discussion.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope this will not be
iaken out of my time.
Mr. SHE LLABARG Eli. It will not be taken
out of your time. I asked my friend from
Massachusetts to make this suggestion, as he
has more experience than myself,and ashewas
also a member of the committee, and I thank
him for what he has done. I feel impelled—
not from any inclination to close debate, for I
have no inclination of that sort, but because I
find so much anxiety on both sides of the
House that the question shall at least be sub-
mitted to the House—I am impelled now to
say that I propose this: that on to-morrow, at
the close of the usual time for holding our
sessions, say at half past four o'clock, general
debate shall close, and then that Wednesday
shall be devoted to business debate on amend-
ments, under, say, the ten-minutes rule, and at
the close of Wednesday the previous question
shall be ordered, and the vote taken next day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio has stated, as I understand him, that he
was compelled to move the previous question
partly because of suggestions on this side of
the House. I wish to know what gentlemen
on this side of the House have endeavored to
induce him to move the previous question.
There are a large number of members here
who wish to speak, and I am not aware that
any member on this side of the House has
expressed himself as desiring that they should
not have that opportunity.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I did not say that
I was compelled by members of the opposite
side of the House, but I said that I felt im-
pelled by what was said on the other side of
the House, that I felt myself impelled to sub-
mit the question to the House at some time
soon.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman mean
what was said in speeches or privately ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No; privately. I
propose, by unanimous consent, that general
debate shall close to-inorrow at four and a
half o'clock, and the next day be devoted to
business debate on amendments.
Mr. KERR. It appears to me better to allow
this debate to run on to-day and this evening,
and to morrow and to-morrow evening, with
the understanding that it be closed on Wednes-
day, if it be the pleatsure of the House to close
it at that time, and that no order be made now
to close it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Leaving it, then, under
the rules of the House.
Mr. KERR. I think that on Wednesday
when the House meets we can proceed with
the bill under any rule or any determination
in reference to the debate which the House
may adopt. At the present time I hope 110
order will be made in reference to the matter.
I believe, from what I have heard 011 this side
of the House, that the period of debate sug-
gested will be satisfactory.
Mr. DAWES. The difficulty would be that
at that time we would require unauimous con-
sent for any such arrangement, while to day
we might get a two-thirds vote to settle it. It
is important, it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that
we should come to some determined under-
standing at this time. I have no particular
time myself in my mind, but only a general
desire to press forward; that is all. I have no
desire to exclude any gentlemen, especially
those from the southern States, from a parti-
cipation in the debate if they desire it.
Mr. KERR. The suggestion I have made;
I would put in this form : that we go on to-day,
this evening, to-morrow, and to-morrow even-
ing with the general debate, and that then, on
Wednesday, we proceed to take the sense of
the House as to what shall be the further order
for the debate.
The SPEAKER. Is the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] that on
Wednesday the majority of the House shall
settle it?
Mr. KERR. It is that the majority of the
House may then settle the determination of
the debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is aware
that any alteration of the hour rule, except
on Monday after the morning hour, must be
made by unanimous consent, unless there is a
previous understanding, by unanimous con-
sent, that a majority may determine it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would suggest that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
may ci^lthe previous question on Wednesday,
and, if the House second that, there can then
be no objection to follow the plan of continuing
the debate under the ten-minutes rule.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldp.idge] is not authorized to
speak for others. One objection would pre-
vent the arrangement.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not desire to speak
for anybody else. But gentlemen may say
what would be satisfactory to them.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I understand agood
many amendments are to be offered, and I think
we would be occupying our time much more
profitably if we were to have a debate as in
Committee of the Whole upon those amend-
ments, speeches being limited te ten or fifteen
minutes. It would not be desirable at the close
of the general debate on the bill to bring the
House to vote suddenly on numerous amend-
ments without seeing them in print. We all
Jpow thatthe first reading ofa bill or of amend-
ments frequently leads us astray, and that a
discussion, short, sharp, and terse, of ten-min-
utes speeches pro and con upon amendments
brings out the points clearly. It seems to me,
therefore, that it would be profitable to cut
off general debate pretty soon, and then let
the ten-minutes debate run for I do not care
how long.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether it would not now be competent by
unanimous consent or by a suspension of the
rules to adopt the suggestion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] which is that gen-
eral debate should go on under the hour rule
through to-day and to-morrow, and that after
to morrow the House may at any time by a
majority order the debate to proceed under
the ten-minutes rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has intimated
that it would be competent for the House by
unanimous consent to agree to give the major-
ity of the House on Wednesday the power to
order the debate to proceed under the ten-
minutes rule.
Mr. KERR. I think there will be no objec-
tion to that arrangement being made.
The SPEAKER. The proposition then of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is
that there be evening sessions this evening and
to-morrow evening, that general debate should
extend through the whole of the sessions to-
day and to-morrow, and that on the assembling
of the House on Wednesday the majority may
determine the further order of debate.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to ask a modification
of that. I ask the gentleman from Indiana
to modify his proposition so that the general
debate sliall run only until four o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. McNEELY. Will that enable the ma-
jority to bring the House to vote on amend-
ments without previously seeing them in print?
The SPEAKER. Jt will enable the House
."tij determine any order whatever. The under-
JpBlsg of the Chair in regard to the inten-
;.ti®is ($f the gentleman who lias charge of the
bfll is that he desires debate as in Committee
of the Whole, under the five or ten minutes
restriction for amendments.
Mr. McNEELY. If that is to be a limita-
tion upon debate only, I certainly shall make
no objection; but I think we should not place
ourselves in a position where the majority can
force us to a vote upon material amendments,
or upon a substitute for the bill, without an
opportunitv of seeing them in print.
Tlie SPEAKER. The gentleman having
this bill in charge can indicate what he desires.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that there will be
