170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
are men trained to arms and trained to acts of
desperation through a four years' terrible war,
banded together for the purpose of preventing
the execution of that policy, may produce dis-
order and may threaten the peace and security
of both life and property. They can do it with
impunity, as it is shown, so far as the State has
power to control them; for the courts have been
tried and the executive arm has been tried, and
both have failed; and now it would be a blessing
to t hut people, it is a duty which the Congress of
the United States owes to that people, to bring
in as mildly as the occasion will allow at all the
national arm to execute its own laws. Thus
may the Slate be relieved from the scenes of
blood and murder and scourging that would
be a disgrace to any nation on the face of the
earth, that have brought the name of my State
into disrepute before this great nation. But
when I favor this it is intimated that I am
maligning the State of North Carolina. Sir,
you will see before I get through how much
of truth there is among all the charges which
in extenuation of the Xu Klux outrages have
been brought to the attention of the Senate.
Mr. President,, there are two branches of
the Ku Klux, the one composed of those who
assassinate the persons of individuals, who go
out in their horrid disguises at night, to the
cabins of the poor and lowly, drag them out,
strip them to the skin, and scourge them until
the blood trickles to the ground, who shoot
them and hang thorn and otherwise outrage
them. That, is one class of men. There is
another branch of the Ku Klux. It is those
men who, liy denials, who by endeavoring to
confound their crimes with the ordinary course
of crime, who by charging our authorities with
corruption, endeavor in the first place to cover
up and hide, and afterward to excuse and
encourage, the continued operations of this
banded gang of criminals, ana who, in further-
ance of thai plan and that policy, undertake
to blacken the reputation of every man, high
or low, however pure and worthy ho may be,
by slanders and abuse and vilification. The
kid gloved Ku Klux are not, in my judgment,
liny better than, if so good as, those who with
hands not, gloved wield the scourgo and the
dagger, inasmuch as it is as bad to assassinate
the character of a good and honorable man as
it is to strike his person, inasmuch as the one
kIiows at, least some courage and takes some
risk, while the others have nothing to plead,
even in extenuation of what they do.
Corruption is charged upon the Republican
party in North Carolina. Mr. President, it is
my duty to examine that charge. In what
docs it. consist? Much has been said about
extravagant appropriations to railroads. There
has been 110 donation, no subsidy; it is sub-
scription to stock, the Stale subscribing so
much when individuals subscribe so much.
Now, sir, let me explain, if the Senate will
bear with me with patience for a few moments
even, how when the war closed, and wo turned
our eyes out upon the condition of affairs, we
saw nothing of that prosperity which was ex-
hibited manothersectioii ofthe country. There
was a feeling that we were laggards, that we
always had been laggards; and I believe that
this will apply as well to some of the other
southern Stales as to North Carolina. There
was then a change in all this. A dark cloud
had been swept away, and it was thought there
must be a moving with the great nation in
works of internal improvement; that by doing
so we should soon have our fields blossoming
like the fields of the great Northwest. There
was a general feeling that a movement in favor
of railroads and internal improvements would
bring to theState immigration from the North,
capital, and enterprise.
Sir, the people of North Carolina became
wild with the idea. They were actuated by
the highest and best motives, by the most
patriotic intentions. There was a wildness
that did not strike me as it struck others. I
thought that it was excessive. The course
that 1 pursued when it was going on is well
known. The sentiment was natural, but I
distrusted it. I believed that we were not
then in a condition to launch into these ap-
propriations for railroada and other improve-
ments to the extent that many wise and good
men believed we might safely do.
But was it confined to the Republican party ?
No, sir; all parties were possessed wiih the
same wild spirit and were marching on with
the current. I undertook to stem it. I left
this capital and went to the capital of my
State, and, calling together certain men with
whom I thought I might have some influence,
I urged my views upon them with all the
power I possessed and endeavored to check
their purposes.
I endangered again my standing with my
own party, as I believed, for the benefit of
my State. There never has been a time, and is
not now, and never shall be, when the interests
of my State or my country are at stake that I
will not be ready to break party ties and go
where the dictates of my conscience lead me.
Who of the Democratic leaders stood by me
in that hour when this wildness on the subject
of improvement appropriations was rife; which
of the Democratic papers in the State under-
took to say aught against them? Not one. I
believed that 1 had checked it; but I had not
been long in this city before I discovered that,
all parties moving in that direction, the im-
pression which 1 had made, if I had made any,
was but temporary and that the current was
setting as strong as ever.
I remember to have felt so deeply that I
approached my late colleague and consulted
with him on the subject; and while his views
were.against the extravagance thatseemed to be
abroad, he did not share entirely my appre-
hensions ; certainly not as fully as he has seen
their force since. Letter after letter to lead-
ing members of the Legislature, with whom I
supposed 1 might have some influence, I wrote
from this Capiiol, until I received in return a
warning that I could not stem the current, and
that I was mining myself with my own friends
by making the attempt. I mention this, sir,
to show you how strongly, by all parties, the
current set, and how tho appropriations that
were voted are not particularly chargeable to
the Republican party; all parties voted in the
Legislature for them. I was sustained in my
course by many men, but those who took my
views at that time were in the minority. No
man then dreamed that the State was to be
defrauded after the bonds were issued.
It is said that the Legislature which passed
these improvement bills was corrupt. Who
says so ? What evidence is there of it? Is
there a man of that Legislature upon whom
the charge of corruption has been proven?
Why, sir, the minority Senators on the com-
mittee charge it. They had twenty-two wit-
nesses here of their side to twenty-nine on the
other side ; men that they say were the most
eminent in the State; men whoso character
and acquirements they have lauded. Might
they not liavo fixed the charge of corruption
upon someone man? Yet, sir, not one breath
iu all that testimony is there to sustain the
aspersions that have been cast on my State
upon the floor of the Senate.
i do not say that no member of that Legis-
lature was corrupt. Far from it. I have never
seen one hundred and seventy men assembled
of whom I would say that. There is one piece
of evidence, a piece of hearsay evidence,
brought out by one of the witnesses in the in-
vestigation. It is the declaration of one Swep-
son, whose name has already been used on the
floor of this Senate, that he spent $242,000 in
corrupting the Legislature. Well, sir, if he
were put upon oath he might not say it ; but
if he were to say it on oath, who is he? It is
upon his shoulders that these frauds all rest.
He was the originator, the great contriver,
and he now stands underindictment for having
perpetrated the frauds, and bound in a bond
of a quarter of a million dollars to appear and
answer the charge. Sir, I submit that such
a declaration from him against the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina is not to be received
by the Senate as evidence.
Mr. BOREMAN. What party does he be-
long to?
Mr. POOL. He belongs to the Democratic
party, of course. The Senator to my left, who
says that ''the Republican party must have
had a good deal of confidence in him," is mis-
taken. The charge that Governor Holden
made him president, that the Republicans
alone made him president, when it comes to
be examined, will be found to be as totally
untrue as many other, and most other, of the
charges which have been made.
But, sir, when the bonds were issued to the
railroad presidents and these frauds com-
menced, what was the course of this corrupt
Legislature, this Legislature composed, as one
Senator here says, of negroes and carpet-bag-
gers? The fact is that there were but seven-
teen colored men in the Legislature and
twenty-two carpet-baggers out of one hundred
and seventy members. There were twenty-
two carpet-baggers, so called, in the Legisla-
ture, and but seventeen colored men. I think
those are the exact numbers ; but if not pre-
cisely exact, they are within one or two.
W hat was the course of that Legislature when
it transpired that the railroad presidents were
fraudulently dealing with the bonds that had
been issued to them ? They passed the most
stringent criminal statute that ever I saw on
the statute-book of North Carolina, by which
they made it a penitentiary offense if there was
not a report made within sixty days by those
presidents, requiring them to bring the bonds
back and to put them into the treasury. It
was an act so stringent that it was doubtful
whether it could be maintained under the con-
stitution of the State. It was claimed that
there^ were vested rights in the railroad cor-
porations, that the presidents were the agents
of the corporations, and that the right to the
bonds having vested, the Legislature had no
power to divest that right; and in that way
they parried and contended against the en-
forcement act. But it shows whether or not
the Legislature was a party to the frauds.
Alore than that: there was a committee
raised by the State senate to investigate the
matter and to bring these railroad presidents
to trial, and the appointment of the committee
rested with the speaker of the senate who was
a native Republican ; and how did he consti-
tute the committee to inquire into this whole
charge of fraud that was made against the rail-
road presidents, involving the Legislature?
He would not compose it of members of the
Legislature, but went outside. He put at the
head of the committee Hon. Thomas Bragg,
formerly a Senator in Congress, formerly Gov-
ernor of the State, the attorney general of the
confederate States, the leader of the Demo-
cratic party, by all odds the best lawyer in that
party m the State of North Carolina a man
violent, perhaps, in his political feelings, but a
man of whom I will say, because I can truth-
fully say it, that there was never a suspicion
of his winking at corruption.
A committee of three was raised, with him
as the chairman, to investigate, and they did
investigate and made their report. Did tiiej
charge the Legislature with fraud? No, sir,
not at all. They showed where the fraud was;
they showed where the embezzlement had
occurred; they put it upon the shoulders of
Swepscfi and company and not upon the au-
