408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
included in that arrangement a proposition to
meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock, and, if that
be agreeable to the gentleman, that his sug-
gestion be also further modified so that at four
o'clock to-morrow we can make further order
for debate.
Mr. KERR. I cannot consent to the gen-
eral debate being closed to-morrow at four
o'clock; I think it will be better to pSfmit it
to run during to-morrow evening.
Mr. BURCHARD. I would suggest that
general debate continue during to-morrow's
session, and that to-morrow evening we have
the debate as in Committee of the Whole under
a five or ten minutes' limitation.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] which
is the basis of the arrangement now being
made, contemplates that general debate con-
tinue through the session of to-morrow evening.
Mr. PORTER. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry : whether it would be in order
for any member at this time to reserve the right
to object to the proposed arrangement at the
time when the House shall come to act upon it?
The SPEAKER. The proposed arrange-
ment at the present time requires unanimous
consent; in thirty-five minutes from this time
the order can be made by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me make this?
suggestion : that after to-morrow debate shall
be limited to speeches of ten minutes each
until the majority of the House shall direct it
to stop.
The SPEAKER. That would be involved
iu the demand for the previous question. The
ten-minutes debate, as in Committee of the
Whole, would run until the previous question
was called and seconded, at which time the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
would, of course, have the right to an hour to
close the debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The ten-minutes
debate can be closed by calling the previous
question?
The SPEAKER. It can, if the House shall
second the same.
Mr. LEACH. It is obvious to everybody
that (he striking feature of this debate con-
sists in this: that most of the speeches have
been made by gentlemen from sections of the
country in regard to which this bill is, perhaps,
not designed to operate practically. But few
members from the southern States have had a
hearing on this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that the same proportion has been
preserved in assigning the floor that exists in
the number of members that the southern
States have on this floor.
Mr. LEACH. There are those here from
the section of country attacked who desire to
be heard.
The SPEAKER. No discrimination the
gentleman would appear to intimate has been
made.
Mr. LEACH. Not by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Of course, any such dis-
crimination, if it exists, must necessarily rest
to a great extent upon the Chair. Yet two
gentlemen from the gentleman's own State
have been heard in this discussion. j
Mr. LEACH. I know but few members from 1
the southern States have been heard. m
. SPEAKER. The Chair must o. sercisei
his discretion m assigning the floor, alfcKas
endeavored to do so impartially.
Mr. DAWES. Will the Chair state to the
House the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr?]
'1 he SPEAKER. That proposition is that
to-day and to-morrow, including an evening
session each day—and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] suggests to include
in the arrangement a proposition that the House
meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock—shall be
devoted to general debate on this bill, and that
on the assembling of the House on Wednes-
day morning it shall be in the power of
the majority to order the further disposition
of the debate. The Chair, of course, under-
stands that to exclude all forms of dilatory
motions, and that the five or ten-minutes
debate which the House may then order shall
continue until the House shall second the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the House
shall now consent that the ten-minutes debate
shall commence after to-morrow and run until
the majority of the House shall order other-
wise. -
The SPEAKER. It must be so any way.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I understand the
proposition as stated by the Speaker, it is that
on Wednesday morning the majority of this
House shall then proceed to determine whether
the debate shall be continued under the ten-
minutes rule, as in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] desires to modify, or
rather to add to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, so as to provide that
on Wednesday morning the House shall pro-
ceed to debate—under what rule, five minutes
or ten minutes?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ten minutes.
The SPEAKER. Under a ten-minutes rule
as in Committee of the Whole, and that the
debate shall continue until the House shall
second the demand for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts accepts the modification; and the
Chair will again state the whole proposition, in
order that there may be no misunderstanding.
Mr. LEACH. I shall object unless I can
get a hearing in defense of the people of my
district. I desire an opportunity to refute
effectually statements which have been made
affecting the people of North Carolina. I shall
object to every proposition of this kind unless
I can be heard.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will per-
ceive at once that it is utterly impossible for the
Chair to bargain with any gentleman in regard
to the disposition of the floor. The Chair will
endeavor to do justice to all; but he cannot,
under a threat of a disagreement to a pro-
posed arrangement, stipulate that any partic-
ular member shall have the floor. The gen-
tleman from North Carolina objects.
Mr. DAWES. I give notice, then, that at
the proper time I shall, move to suspend the
rules in order to agree to the proposition.
Mr. ELDRIDQE. You will have a good
time doing it.
Mr. LEACH, I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the proposition. It is, that to-day and to-mor-
row, including an evening session for each day,
(the House meeting at eleven o'clock to-mor-
row,) shall be devoted to general debate on
this bill; that on the assembling of the House
on Wednesday morning it will proceed to dis-
cuss the bill under a ten-minute rule, as in
Committee of the Whole, which will involve,
of course, one speech, pro and con, upon any
amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. What is the effect of
considering the bill as in Committee of the
Whole?
I he SPEAKER. Merely that the limita-
tion of debate upon any given amendment
shall be one speech of ten minutes in favor of
the amendment, and one speech of ten minutes
against it. It would preclude also any attempt
to take the sense of the House by a motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I object to the
proposition. x_
The SPEAKER, The Chair would not re-"~
gard the motion to lay on the table as being in
order until the previous question was demand-
ed ; and then it would be in order.
Mr. ELDR.IDGB. I will state the reason
of my objection. There are gentlemen here
who are prepared to discuss the general propo-
sitions in this bill, and the limitation stated by
the Speaker as resulting from considering it in
Committee of the Whole would prevent them
from making the speeches which they are pre-
pared to make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand, and would not so construe the
arrangement.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Any objection that a
member was not debating the precise proposi-
tion pending would cut him off. If that be
waived, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let it be agreed that
general debate shall continue through to-day
and to-morrow, and that afterward debate upon
the bill and amendments proceed under a ten-
minutes rule until the House shall second the
demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Allowing gentlemen to
debate the general merits of the bill without
offering amendments.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That I do not object to.
The SPEAKER. In order that there may
be no possible misunderstanding, the Chair
would desire to know how amendments offered
would be treated. Under the modification
which the gentleman from Illinois suggests, to
obviate the objection made by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] the Chair
would entertain ten-minutes speeches upon the
general merits of the bill; but if an amendment
were offered it would, under the rule prevail-
ing in Committee of the Whole, have to be
decided after a ten-minutes speech in favor,
and a ten-minutes speech against it. Of course
gentlemen well know that the usual resources
of striking out the last word and continuing
the debate will be still open.
Mr. DAWES. I think the gentleman from
Wisconsin will find no trouble about that.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not wish to find any
trouble about it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that whoever may be assigned the floor under
the ten-minutes rule may speak to the general
subject of the bill, and not be confined to any
amendment which he may have the floor to
oppose.
Mr. DAWES. There is this trouble, and this
understanding should be also had, that the
amendments shall be disposed of as wego along.
The SPEAKER. That will necessarily be
the understanding in the Committee of the
Whole. Otherwise we must proceed by the
House rule, but the rule of the Committee
of the Whole is more liberal, and that is the
reason why the Chair has suggested it. The
House rule is more restrictive.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the understanding be
that gentlemen shall not be limited in their
^remarks, and not confined to a single amend-
ment, I do not kuow that I shall have any
objections.
The SPEAKER, Nor need he offer any
amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Very well; that will be
satisfactory to me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again re-
peat the understanding, to see whether there
is any objection to it. It is this: that to-day
and to-morrow, this evening and to-morrow
evening (the House meeting at eleven o'clock)
shall be devoted to general debate, and that on
the meeting of the House on Wednesday morn-
ing the debate shall proceed under the ten-
minutes rule, the motion to recommit being of -
course then withdrawn, and that any amend-
ment offered must be disposed of as in Com-
mittee of the Whole under the ten-minutes
rule. The Chair hears no objection, and it is
so ordered.
enforcement of roorteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
resumes the consideration of House bill No.
320, to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes ; and the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] is entitled
to the floor.
