1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
thorities of the State. I ask if it is fair that
the State of North Carolina should be maligned
and her fair name blackened or the Repub-
lican party in the State .maligned and its fair
name blackened and slandered by being charged
with corruption that a leading Democrat ap-
pointed o-n a committee of investigation proved
to rest on only two or three railroad presidents,
and when a Democrat was at the head of the
corruptionists and the great contriver and
manipulator of the whole concern?
Corruption, sir 1 Why, Mr. President, there
has been the charge of corruption made against
the Governor of the State and against all the
judges in the State in the dirty, partisan prints
that have been in advocacy or in palliation
and in defense of these Ku Klux outrages.
Here came twenty-two witnesses summoned by
the minority Senators in the interest of their
party for the purpose of showing the Ku Klux
side of the question. Why was it not asked
of some one of those witnesses whether the Gov-
ernor of North Carolina was corrupt, whether
the judges were corrupt, and who of them were
corrupt? Is it not a slander upon the State
of North Carolina to say that her officers, that
those who have been houored by her people
with positions of trust and power, are the whole
of them corrupt? Yet, the papers that make
that charge, in which the whole people of the
State are involved if it be true, and who are
slandering the State in making the charge and
blackening her fair name before this great
nation, turn upon every one who denounces
murder, assassination, and organized assassins,
and charge them with maligning the character
of the State 1
But, sir, this charge of corruption and all
these slanders and abuse on my State have
been brought forward for the purpose of pro-
teciing the Ku Klux againstany movement that
might be made against them from a source
winch they were not likely to have power suf-
ficient to resist. It is said that it is because
of the corruption that these Ku Klux outrages
have occurred. I have heard Senators on this
floor take that position, if not distinctly, by
the most plain aud legitimate inference. But
I was struck with one fact especially, to which
I desire to invite the attention of all men.
These very Senators who charge that the cor-
ruption originated Ku Klux outrages say that
most of those outrages occurred eighteen
months prior to the assembling of the investi-
gating committee. But, sir, the corruption
transpired since eighteen months prior to that
time. They tell us in one breath that the great
bulk of the outrages occurred eighteen months
before the committee commenced the investiga-
tion, while the corruptions transpired less than
eighteen months betore that time. That is to
say, the outrages occurred before the corrup-
tions and the corruptions caused the outrages!
It is a pretext, a second thought.
I might pursue this farther and ask if there
has been any corruption in the State of Ken-
tucky. Yet the Senate here has before it evi-
dences of outrage upon outrage and Ku Klux
organizations in that State. Has there been
any corruption in the State of Mississippi ? I
think tliere has been none charged, and yet
what comesto us from the State ot Mississippi?
Is there any corruption thereto be the founda-
tion of Ku Klux outrages aud these criminal
organizations? No, sir; you must search else-
where for the cause which moves them.
And another thing strikes me as a little
strange, that there should have been a denial
that these organizations existed, a denial of
the horrid crimes which they were perpetrating,
an effbrtto cover theui up, to mask them before
the public, and in the same breath the reasons
given why they should exist. We are told that
nothing better could be expected. Mr. Presi-
dent, this is one of the many means that have
been resorted to for the purpose of blinding
the public mind to the condition of things in
the southern States.
Sir, the purpose has been to resist the en-
forcement of the reconstruction acts, the recon-
struction policy of Congress. The purpose has
been to prevent the colored men from enjoying
equal civil and political rights with the white
men of that country. It is a movement of that
character and with that object; that question
out, there would be no Ku Klux and no crimes
that the courts of the States might not success-
fully deal with.
But another of the means resorted to for the
purpose of covering up and blinding the pub-
lic mind to these things is the effort to con-
found ordinary crime with crimes committed
by this organization. That was commenced
early. It has been tried in the southern States
from the very start. It has become so well
understood in the South that it excites con-
tempt and ridicule there whenever it is under-
taken. But it is now transported to the Sen-
ate and absolutely seriously insisted upon here.
I said on a former occasion that there was
mind in this Ku Klux organization, that there
was political shrewdness manifested in it. One
of the shrewdest things has been this under-
taking, successful for awhile, to confound the
ordinary crimes that occur in all communities
with crimes committed for a political purpose
byabanded political secret organization. Sen-
ators have said that there have been men con-
victed of committing Ku Klux crimes, that
some of the Ku Klux have been convicted.
Never, sir, in the State in which I reside. I
have never heard of such a conviction any-
where, and in my judgment in no State court
in any one of the southern States will such a
conviction ever occur until there is a great
change in the present condition of affairs.
In order to prove that there have been con-
victions of Ku Klux there was cited the case
of four negroes in the county of Orange, which
has been adverted to by Senators before, but
which I beg the attention of the Senate to
again for a moment. Pour negroes, assuming
the disguise of the Ku Klux, with paper masks,
and using their shirts, went out and committed
upon one of their own race some outrages.
That is brought up to show that there have
been Ku Klux convicted, for these poor ne-
groes were put in the penitentiary in quick
time. I ask, are the Senators in earnest when
they mention that as the conviction of a Ku
Klux? Is there any Senator who believes that
those men were members of the Ku Klux
organization ? Is there any man on the floor
of the Senate who believes that they took the
oath to oppose all the designs of the Radical
party and all the efforts to elevate the colored
man to political and civil equality? Suppose
they were convicted, does that prove that Ku
Klux have been convicted? Yet it is gravely
and seriously paraded before the Senate as an
answer to the charge that no Ku Klux ever
has been convicted of a crime committed in
pursuance of the common purpose. I think it
is not fair to compel a continued refutation of
such assumptions.
But take the county of Chatham, that is re-
ferred to again; and I was surprised yesterday
at seeing the Senator from Missouri so greatly
mistake the facts in that ease. I was surprised,
because there was evidence in his own report
which, I suppose, he had not examined crit-
ically, or he would not have taken the position
that he did in regard to it. He said that there
had been convictions of members of a Union
club of barn-burners in the county of Chatham,
and that that was Ku Klux. The evidence
that we have in regard to it is contained in
Exhibit A of the minority report, and that
Exhibit A contains the testimony taken before
magistrates in the preliminary examination;
and every witness who testifies in regard to the
Union Club, or "Red Cow Lick," as it was
called in the county of Chatham, says that it
was organized for the purpose of putting down
the Ku Klux. Here it is in print, reported
by the minority Senators to the Senate, that
it was for the purpose of burning the property
of the Ku Klux in retaliation. Every witness
testified to that.
The Senator must see how great was his
mistake when he undertook to confound those
men who have been convicted with the genuine
Ku Klux who had taken the oath that has been
proved here, and which constitutes a political
organization to which none but Democrats and
secession Democrats can possibly belong.
But I was rather amused at the great number
that were said to belong to that Union Club, or
"Red Cow Lick," in the county of Chatham.
It is of a piece with the manner in which the
zeal and imagination of Senators will carry
them in magnifying when they least intend it.
I believe the Senator from Missouri said they
were fifty in number ; I understood the Senator
from Delaware to say twenty-five or thirty ;
but fifty was named before the Senate yester-
day and the day before. I do not see anything
that puts the number so great. I had counted
over the members who were proved, and they
number nineteen. When I come to look at
the testimony on the subject, I find that the
only witness who speaks in regard to the num-
er—if I am mistaken I should like to be cor-
rected by Senators who said there were fifty
of them—says on page 4(3 of the minority
report, and on that page in two places, that
the number was fifteen. It may be that the
Senator read it fifty instead of fifteen, but it is
twice stated on the same page as fifteen. If
there had been fifty colored men banded to-
gether for the purpose of burning property in
retaliation for the Ku Klux outrages it would
have been a much more serious thing than
fifteen poor neighborhood negroes meeting in
one of their huts and agreeing to burn the prop-
erty of men who had dragged them from their
beds and scourged them.
But, sir, the Senator from Missouri supposed
that he had found a case where there was cer-
tainly in the Ku Klux organization a Repub-
lican, and he seemed to approach that evi-
dence with a degree of satislkction that was
absolutely agreeable to me. He refers to the
case of Mr. Corliss, the Connecticut preacher—
to whom even the Senator pays a tribute, for
he was an educated Christian gentleman ; his
bearing, his manner, everything shows it—
seut out to the county of Alamance to teach a
colored school, and who was taken from liis
house, and, amid the screams of his wife,
stripped and scourged almost to the verge of
death, no man raising a hand in liis defense,
but the whole community standing appalled
and affrighted before the forty or fifty dis-
guised armed men who were committing the
deed. The Senator says that Mr. Corliss told
the committee that one of the men who struck
him said that he was a negro, and therefore
it is perfectly clear that tnere was a negro
belonging to the Ku Klux, and necessarily a
Republican belonging to the Ku Klux; and
he thereupon contends that is a full answer
to the charge that' none but Democrats can
belong to the Ku Klux Klan.
This is the argument the Senator made with
considerable flourish. One of the disguised
ruffians who were applying the lash to Mr. Cor-
liss said to him, "I am a negro." Why, sir,
I will not suppose that there is a Senator on
this floor who does not understand why the
villain whispered that into Mr. Corliss's ear.
it is not by any means proving or tending to
prove that there was any colored man belong-
ing to the organization. It proves this: that
one of the Ku Klux dodges is to make an
