1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
an issue as to who began the war, although it
may be a question not so clear to the future
historian whether John Brown at Harper's
Ferry, or Gustavus T. Beauregard at Charles-
ton, "fired the first gun" in that most unhappy
and unnatural war. Sir, the question whether
all wrong was on the one side and all right on
the other will never be settled until the secret
history is written of that small cycle of time
standing between the adjournment of the Peace
Congress and the date of the President's proc-
lamation calling for' seventy-five thousand vol-
unteers.
Is it possible, Mr. Speaker, that these facts
and these doubts are not to have their proper
bearing and influence in the modification, if
not the eradication, of that fierce spirit of hatred
and vengeance which has more or less stamped
the legislation of Congress for the last five
years in relation to six millions of southern
people ? Shall we forget the great fact that in
relation to legislation such as is now proposed
by the bill, unamended, which now lies before
us, we have a higher mission to perform than
that of mere partisans ? That mission was well
described by the greatestand most philosophic
of British statesmen, Edmund Burke, in the
English House of Commons, on a similar
occasion, when he said :
" The body and mass of the people never ought to
betreated as criminal. This is one of the few funda-
mental and unalterable principles of politics. To
punish them capitally would be to make massacres.
To punish them with lesser penalties would be to
debilitate the Commonwealth and to make the nation
miserable which it is the business of the Govern-
ment to render happy and flourishing. As to crimes,
too, I would draw a strong line of limitation; for
no offense, politically an offense of rebellion, by coun-
sel, contrivance, persuasion,orcompulsion, for none
properly a military offense of rebellion, or aaything
done by open hostility in the field, should any man
at all be called in question, because such seems to
be the proper and natural death of civil dissension.
The offenses of war are obliterated by peace."
I now come, Mr. Speaker, to the only other
point I wish to make or can make in the brief
time allowed me in this debate. The question
arises upon the fourth section of the bill, which
provides that whenever in any State or part
of a State the unlawful combinations named in
the preceding section of the bill shall be organ-
ized and armed, and so numerous and powerful
as to be able, by violence, to either overthrow
or set at defiance the constituted authorities of
such State, such combination shall be deemed
a rebellion against the Government of the
United States, and it shall then be lawful for
the President, when in Ms judgment the public
safety shall require it, to suspend the privileges
of the writ of habeas corpus and to declare
and enforce martial law, to the end that such
rebellion may bo overthrown.
Mr. Speaker, it is no exaggeration to say that
the provisions of this section embody the most
comprehensive scheme of despotism, the most
gigantic exhibition of the one-man power ever
attempted to be inaugurated in a country of
written constitutions. The mind is appalled
at its boldness and magnitude.
Two important questions present themselves
to the legal mind in relation to this section ;
first, where, under our Constitution, is lodged
the tremendous power of suspending this great
writ of right of the people? Does it belong
to the legislative or executive department of
the Government? And if the power thus to
suspend and for the time being abrogate the
rights and liberties of the people is a legis-
lative function, where does my colleague,
learned in the law, find within the lids of the
Federal Constitution the authority, either ex-
press or implied, of Congress to delegate this
sovereign power to the executive branch of
the Government? There never was any doubt
or question, until the Republican party came
into power, as to the constitutional jurisdiction
of this dispensing power. The writ itself never
was in fact suspended until it was done by
President Lincoln, under the authority of the
act of March 3, 18B8; and that law, delegat-
ing the power to the Executive, so far as it
has since come before the Supreme Court of
the United States, was declared to be uncon-
stitutional and void.
I have no doubt, as a lawyer, Mr. Speaker,
that this power of suspension exists in the
legislative branch of the Government by the
express authority of the Constitution. But if
the question as to who shall exert this power,
Congress or the President, is to be determined
by implication of law, then how does the
question stand upon the rule of inferential
construction? Two facts are important in
this connection ; and they are, first, that the
right to the writ is not created or established
by the Constitution, but it exists only by our
adoption of the common law, and stands as a
preexisting, independent fact, wholly outside of
the Constitution ; and second, having adopted
it from the political institutions of England,
the question as to who was invested with the
power of suspension in that country, the Par-
liament or the Crown, will throw a flood of
light upon the question of intention of the
framers of our Constitution upon this now
disputed subject. That even in England this
power of suspension is a legislative function,
as against the transcendent powers and pre-
rogatives of the Crown, is made clearly mani-
fest by Judge Blackstone's brief definition of
its jurisdiction, as follows :
"The happiness of our constitution is, that it is
not left to the executive power to determine when the
danger of the State is so great as to render this meas-
ure expedient; for it is the Parliament only, or legii-
£rt*i?jef>o?0er,that,wheneveritseesproper, can author-
ize the Crown, by suspending the habeas corpus act
for a short and limited time, to imprison suspected
persons without giving any reasons for so doing."
Now, sir, if we possess the right to this great
writ of popular privilege by adoption, and not
by express enactment, is it not clear, as a
legal proposition, that the power to suspend it
exists by the same means, unless expressly
changed by the letter of the Constitution ? And
is not the conclusion irresistible when we find
this power standing in the legislative article
of the Constitution, and in the midst of the
clearest grants of legislative power, that the
framers of that Constitution intended it to be
a legislative function, entirely under the con-
trol of the legislative power? If this is so,
if the Constitution can bear no other reason-
able construction, then the fourth section of
the bill now under consideration is absolutely
null and void.
Is it not a most extraordinary spectacle, Mr.
Speaker, to witness a bill like the present, in-
troduced and intended to be passed for the
purpose of assigning to the President powers
which never yet have been conferred upon a
king of England, powers to be used and exer-
cised against the people, under the false and
fraudulent pretense that it is for their security
and protection ? The very theory upon which
our government is based; the clear and dis-
tinct idea of separate and independent deposi-
tories of the national sovereignty, settles the
question beyond cavil or dispute as to where
this power of suspension constitutionally be-
longs; and the mere formulas of the Constitu-
tion furnish the legal data of interpretation in
that regard. The sovereignty of the nation is
distributed among the three great departments
of the Government by what are denominated
"articles" in the Constitution—legislative,
executive, and judicial. The power of sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus is found, not
in the executive, but in the legislative arti-
cle, and in one of its sections which classifies
the objects of legislation. This separation as
well as enumeration of the powers conferred
by the Constitution upon the legislative and
executive departments of the Government re-
quires no argument to designate the jurisdic-
tion wherein is lodged this supreme power of
suspending a law. Sir, it was the arbitrary-
assumption by James II of England of this
sovereign dispensing power over the laws of
the kingdom which caused the glorious revo-
lution of 1688, drove James into exile, and
placed William of Orange upon the British
throne.
But, sir, we have the highest American
judicial authority upon this question. That
eminent jurist and profound constitutional
lawyer, Mr. Chief Justice Marshall, in the case
of ex parte Bollman and Swartwout, thus
speaks of the power of suspension :
"If at any time the public safety should require
the suspension of the powersof this act in the courts
of the United States, it is for the Legislature to Bay
so. That question depends on political considera-
tions, on which the Legislature is to decide. Until
the legislative will be expressed this court can only
see its duty, and must obey the law."
Mr. Justice Story, in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, remarks:
"Hitherto no suspension of the writ has ever been
authorized by Congress since the establishment of the
Constitution. It would seem, as the power is given
to Congress to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in
cases of rebellion or invasion, that th e right to j udge
whother the exigency had arisen must exclusively
belong to that body."
Now, Mr. Speaker, this has been the delib-
erate opinion of the best legal minds of the
country from the earliest period in the history
of the Government. It was undoubtedly the
opinion of Mr. Jefferson; for in view of the
alarming operations of Aaron Burr in the west-
ern States in 1807, he sent a message to Con-
gress asking for the suspension of the writ for
the period of three months. A bill was intro-
duced and passed the Senate declaring its sus-
pension for the time asked for by the Pres-
ident. The bill was passed in secret session
and sent to the House for concurrence. Mr.
Eppes, of Virginia, the son-in-law of the Pres-
ident, moved its rejection, a motion, in its
parliamentary sense, denoting that the bill was
not worthy of consideration. The motion was
carried—ayes 113, nays 19. During the debate
Mr. Eppes said:
" By this bill we are called upon to exercise one
of the most important powers vested in Congress. It
is, in a free country, the most tremendous power
which can be placed in the hands of a legislative
body. It suspends at once the chartered rights of
the community, and places even those who pass the
act under military despotism. The Constitution,
however, having vested this power in Congress, and a
branch of the Legislature having thought its exer-
cise necessary, it remains for us to inquire whether
the present situation of our country authorizes, on
our part, a resort to this extrardinary measure."
Mr. John Randolph said:
" The writ of habeas corpus is the only writ sanc-
tioned by the Constitution. It isgunrded irom every
approach except by the two Houses of Congress : and yet
this writ thus acknowledged, thus specially desig-
nated, this second Magna Charta, as it has been
called, is to be put on the footing of a common tres-
pass."
The question, then, is clear to my mind, Mr.
Speaker, that the great power of suspending
this writ is purely and exclusively a legislative
function under the Constitution. Now, sir,
if this is so, I demand to know of my colleague
from the capital district where he has discov-
ered the constitutional authority in Congress
to delegate this sovereign legislative power of
suspension to another department of the Gov-
ernment? He can find none anywhere. And
I put this proposition to him : if this power
of suspension is a purely legislative function,
lodged in that department of the Government
by the framers of the Consitution, to be exer-
cised or not, in the discretion of the legislative
mind, upon the contingency alone in which it
can be exercised at all, to wit: when the pub-
lic safety, in the judgment of Congress, may
require it, where is the authority in that Con-
stitution, express or implied, that this mere
discretionary power may be delegated, as-
signed, transferred, and set over to the Presi-
dent of the United States?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Docs my col-
league want an answer now ?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I will yield for an
answer, not for a speech.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will first an-
swer the gentleman by asking him where he
finds the power for Congress to do it?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Right in the Consti-
tution itself.
