412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I beg the gentle-
man's pax-don; the Constitution uses no such
words.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Where does the gen-
tleman find the power: in the legislative article
or in the executive article?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It is a question
of interpretation between my colleague and
myself. The Constitution does not say that
Congress shall have the power \ it does not say
that the President shall have the power. It
is a question of interpretation. The gentle-
man interprets the power to be in Congress.
On the question as to which interpretation is
right I refer the gentleman to the most learned
treatise on the subject in the English language,
from one of the ablest lawyers that America
has ever produced; I mean Horace Binney.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I understand that. I
canwot yield for a speech.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Very well, then;
I will say that 1 take the other view.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. If this is not to come
out of my time, of course I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. It must come out of the
gentleman's time.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I merely asked the
gentleman where he found the power which he
st&tcs>
Mr.SHELLABARGER. The bill proceeds
upon the theory of the gentleman that the
power is in Congress. The bill assumes that
it is in Congress.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then I ask the gen-
tleman, if that power can be thus delegated,
why not the power to levy taxes, to make
appropriations, to declare war, to raise and
support armies, and to coin money, as well?
It is a legal deduction from which there can
be no escape that if Congress has the consti-
tutional authority to delegate to the President
any portion of their legislative functions, they
have the same authority to remit to him the
entire mass of their legislative power. And
the converse of the proposition must be equally
true, that if they have no authority to delegate
their whole power, they are in like manner
powerless to delegate any portion of it.
The whole question is settled by the well-
known maxim that a power created in the
nature of a trust cannot be delegated by the
agent in whom the trust was originally re-
posed. The people, in their primary capacity,
are the original and exclusive source of all
legislative power ; as a matter of convenience
it is delegated by them, through the instru-
mentality of constitutions, to their represent-
atives, as agents, who hold it in trust for the
benefit of the people. This great power is
intrusted to them to be exercised in their dis-
cretion, in their judgment, and not in that of
others not selected by the people for that pur-
pose. In a constitutional Government like
ours, when the people have once delegated
their power, it cannot be redelegated back to
them, even by their agents created by them-
selves. A familiar instance of this doctrine is
to be found in those cases where a Legislature
has passed an act to be submitted to the peo-
ple for adoption or rejection at the ballot-box.
There is scarcely a State in the Union whose
supreme judicial tribunal has not decided these
submissions unconstitutional and absolutely
null and void. Said Chief Justice Marshall,
in the case of Wyman vs. Southard:
"It will not be contended that, Congress can dele-
gate to tho courts, or to any other tribunals, powers
which are strictly legislative."
_ But, Mr. Speaker, I maintain the proposi-
tion that not even Congress has the power to
suspend the writ upon the facts presented by
the President in his message. The Constitu-
tion declares that—■
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when, in eases of rebellion
or invasion, the public safety my require it."
Now, this language was carefully considered
and adopted by the framers of the Constitu-
tion. The term " rebellion " is here used in
plain and palpable contradistinction to those
of " insurrection " and " domestic violence,"
in other and separate parts of the Constitution,
and for very different objects. That the Con-
stitution contemplates the "rebellion" of a
State or States, as such, and not a mere com-
bination of persons as individuals in a state
of "insurrection" against the authority of
either the particular State itself or the United
States, I think is quite manifest. This con-
struction is in harmony with the whole theory
of the Federal Constitution, in marking the
line of distinction and separation between the
jurisdiction of the Federal and State authority,
if the public disorder sought to be overcome
amounts to less than a "rebellion," in this
assumed constitutional sense of the term, and
therefore an "insurrection" only, as pro-
vided for in section four of the fourth article
of the Constitution, the sovereign power of the
State, in which the authority to suspend is also
lodged, can apply the remedy by a suspension
of its own writ, and thus accomplish every end
which could be reached by a Federal exercise
of the same power, as was done by the State
of Massachusetts during the Shay insurrection.
The simple definition of the two terms will
sustain this view of constitutional interpret-
ation. All the leading philologists concur
in the rendition of the meaning of the term
"insurrection " as an uprising of individuals
against the authority of Government, in rela-
tion to some particular law or grievance. As,
for example, the insurrection in the western
counties of Pennsylvania grew out of the popu-
lar objection to the excise law ; and Shay's
insurrection, in Massachusetts, from the public
opposition to the collection of private debts
by judgment and process in the courts, as well
as a most bitter animosity to impost duties and
poll-taxes. Rebellion is an armed resistance
to the authority of Government, with an inten-
tion to overthrow it. Now, if these premises
are sound, in relation to the true interpreta-
tion of these terms as used in the Constitution,
it is in my opinion quite clear that even Con-
gress itself could not constitutionally suspend
the writ at this time, and in relation to the
character of the disturbances which exist in
the South, as alleged by those who demand its
suspension.
The facts as claimed, either by the President
himself or his most excited partisans, do not
call for any higher exertion of power or any
more stringent remedy than that which is pro-
vided for in the fourth section of the fourth
article of the Constitution, to wit, upon due
notice and requisition, either by a State Legis-
lature, or, when such Legislature is not in ses-
sion or cannot be convened in time for the
emergency, then by the State Executive, the
United States, (whether through Congress or
the Executive is not defined by the Constitu-
tion,) shall protect such State against "domestic
violence," not by the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus, but by force of arms, either by
the regular Army or by calling forth of the mili-
tia, as is provided for in the fifteenth clause of
the eighth section of the first article of the Con-
station. In no event, therefore, except in the
specified cases of rebellion or invasion, can
the writ of habeas corpus be suspended by the
General Government, whether to do so belongs
to Congress or the President. This is very
clear to my mind because of the significant
discrimination made by the Constitution be-
tween the classified wrongs of rebellion, insur-
rection, and domestic violence. But, sir, even
if this interpretation were in doubt, that doubt,
by the well-known canons of legal construc-
tion, would have to be resolved against an
exertion of the power, for the reason that such
suspension is in derogation of common right,
as well as against the personal liberty of the
citizen upon mere suspicion of guilt, and in
order to uphold and protect both the common
right and the individual liberty an equitable
construction is to be put upon the terms used
in the Constitution.
And now, Mr. Speaker, why is it that the
Republican leaders are so blind as not to see,
or so reckless as not to take heed, of the storm
of public indignation which must surely follow
these gross usurpations of executive power,
whether committed by the President himself
or accomplished by congressional instrumen-
tality? Sir, I appeal to those gentlemen on
this floor who were once Whigs but are now
Republicans, whether it does not shock their
Whig recollections to find themselves ranged
as apologists and defenders of the unconstitu-
tional extension of the executive power in this
Government? Have they not taken a wide
departure from their former principles, as
announced from many a stump and declared
through many a platform of that grand old
constitutional party to which we once in com-
mon belonged and felt a common pride in its
high-toned and national principles?
What, Mr. Speaker, was the great and lead-
ing principle in the creed of that party? Was
it not the question of executive power in this
Government and uncompromising opposition
to all usurpation, whether civil or military?
What was it but this question which made these
Halls ring with the intellectual thunders of a
Webster or the indignant and impassioned
eloquence of a Clay? The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] smiles. I say to
him that I can smile with a better grace than
he, for I stand now where I stood then.
Mr. DAWES. So do I.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Then you have a very
curious way of showing it. 1 beg the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to remember, now that
he is ^Republican, what he would have recog-
nized as sound doctrine when he was a Whig,
that ltpower, like water, is ever working in its
own way," and that the most aggressive of
all political power is the executive power of a
nation, whether republican or monarchical.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUCKLEY addressed the House. [His
remarks will be found in the Acpendix.]
Mr._ ELLIS H. ROBERTS' Three facts
combine to showthe necessityfor abill substan-
tially like thatnow under consideration. First,
the violence and lawlessness, for which it is
proposed to provide a remedy, occur in many
widely separated districts; second, the charac-
ter of the victims selected and the methods
of outrage, indicate a common source and pur-
pose, an organized conspiracy ; and, third, the
organization to which they are traced is polit-
ical in its origin and aims, and is military in
form.
That great soldier and good man, General
Thomas, was one of the iirst to expose the
existence and dangerous nature of the Ku Klux
organization; and in his report for 1868,
pointed out its effects in Tennessee. The
minority of the Senate committee concede
that these outrages have been coiiimitted in six
or eight counties of North Carolina. The
application of Governor Scott for help reveals
the condition of South Carolina. Ex-Gov-
ernor Stevenson, by a message, declared that
dangerous lawlessness prevailed in Kentucky.
Governor Alcorn on Saturday sent a message
to the Legislature, bringing into prominence
the arson and massacres in Mississippi. In
Arkansas, the repressive measures of Governor
Clayton have exposed while they have checked
the crimes. Iu Alabama, the gubernatorial
applications' for national troops prove the
necessity fortelief. The exposures of the sit-
uation of Georgia, made by Governor Bullock,
are, startling and forcible. From Florida, the
story is yet fresh in our ears of the murder of
Yearty, a deputy marshal of the United States
and a member of the Legislature of Florida.
These acts of violence are not directed
against colored citizens only, although if they
were that would be no palliation oftheir enorm-
ity; for the nation is under especial obiiga-
