414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
citizens in every State of this Union. And
for the security of those privileges and immu-
nities I appeal to all the power of the national
Government.
And there are ethics which underlie and in-
spire and interpret constitutions. Obligations
are mutual. Allegiance presupposes protec-
tion. The chief sovereignty guaranties that,
and failure anywhere it mustcorrect. Nothing
can so weaken the life of a Government as even
to seem to neglect its citizens. No higher
duty can exist than to protect them. Be they
white or black, they must have free speech, a
free ballot, and a safe home. Born here or
there, beside the lakes or the gulf, beyond the
seas or under the shadow of the Capitol, once
a citizen, however humble, he may claim the
protection of the laws. The carpet-bag has
been made the pretext of slaughter; let it
become the symbol of the expulsion of the
new barbarism. The American must travel,
must be free to move. That freedom has made
the wealth and greatness of our territories. It
has chosen our remotest rivers far its daily
pathway. It burrows in the mines of Nevada
as naturally as it saunters on Broadway. Its
white plume waves on the Sierras and pene-
trates the forests of the farthest north. The
carpet-bag is a sign of the vitality of our
people. You may possibly limit the Russian
to the hamlet of his birth; to the Ameri-
can the continent belongs. He carries his
nationality with him. He will be protected in
the harbor of Constantinople, and he will be
delivered from British prisons on a simple
certificate of naturalization. So he must be
protected where the magnolia blooms and the
cotton bursts its bolls ; where the orange-tree
and the sugar-cane woo the sun, as well as
where the maize lifts its spears and the early
Bnows bring their mantle of peace.
History, indeed, is conclusive that mere sever-
ity is not statesmanship. Elizabeth and Cecil
tried harsh measures upon Ireland, and their
example has been long followed by their suc-
cessors. Sir Henry Sidney bad overrun four
provinces, had blown up castles, and harried
towns ; and as Froude says, " it was the way
ofabird in the air, the way ofa ship upon the sea,
the way of.aserpentupon the rock." Forasin-
gle emergency armies serve a purpose; for per-
manent government the iron hand is always a
failure. The best brains of England have
failed to make it successful in India, inlreland,
anywhere. We have tried it with our Indians,
and it has failed. You may annihilate com-
munities ; you may make the country a desert,
as parts of India and of Ireland have been—
swept clean as a threshing-floor.
But our danger is not in that direction. The
vast extent of our territory renders the cen-
trifugal force fully adequate to counterbalance
every tendency to centralization. Disintegra-
tion is the shadow before us. It is the Ku
Klux mystery that threatens despotism. Con-
gress has been patient and moderate, has been
magnanimous beyond any parallel. The Pres-
ident has always been slow to draw pointed
darts even from the quiver of his unquestioned
powers. One objection to the pending bill is
that existing laws confer upon the Executive
all needed authority, and that he has not put
forth his strong hand enough.
Fortunateare we that such a criticism can
be made. Thrice blessed is that people whose
great chieftains, successful in war, respect not
only the popular will but the spirit of repub-
lican institutions. Ihis is the distinction of
our Republic alone among the nations. Csesar,
Cromwell, Napoleon, followed one path so
often trod. Washington found no foot-marks
in the way he sought. His peculiar glory is
that he preferred the liberties of his country to
personal power. The narrow way he adorned
welcomes now another soldier who has pre-
ferred to err on the side of moderation, who
has relied upon the virtue and self restraint of
the American people, who made haste to put
up the sword, and has not willingly drawn it
again from the scabbard. This is not weak-
ness ; it is strength. It is not hesitation nor
trepidation ; it is courage to be patient; it is
sublime faith in the right and the might of
government by the people.
Let emphasis fall on this fact. So far as
charges of usurpation are made, asapalliation
of southern outrages, the tyranny is charged
upon Congress. Your laws, Mr.' Speaker, are
the only man on horseback. The enactments
of a Congress which "has made haste to give
every State its full voice in legislation are the
shackles and the gyves of the cheap rhetoric
on the other side. No pretense is put forward
that the Executive has gone beyond the letter
of the law. The statutes deliberately enacted
by the representatives of all the people are the
sole excuse for the scandalous epithets of
gentlemen on the other side. If they consti-
tute an offense, you and the members of this
House, and of the Senate, are the offenders.
The President has never overstepped the strict-
est limits of his authority in the case.
Run over in your mirid, Mr. Speaker, the
assaults made upon the principles involved in
this bill. We have heard from the ablest con-
stitutional lawyers on the Democratic side of
the House, from their ablest reasoners. What
have they told us? Let me do them entire
justice and extend to them full courtesy. They
have vouchsafed to us very little of legal or
constitutional argument, but a great deal of
denunciation of the Republican party. They
have touched very little upon the sacred rights
of the citizen, and the grand obligations of
government by the people, but they have had
much to say about who may and who may not
come back to this Hall. They forget there has
been a war and a victory. They reproduce the
old prejudices of pro-slavery days, and they
still assume that the rule of violence beneath
a southern sun is chivalry.
Is this quite true, Mr. Speaker? Is this Ku
Klux organization made up of the modern
knights of the round table? Are they the true
conservators of law and order in the land ? If
the denunciations uttered by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and others who
followed him on that side are true, the pro-
posed bill is bad, but it is no worse than its
predecessors, or at least is a natural outgrowth
of the policy of reconstruction pursued from
the beginning. We may be guilty now, but
so we have been guilty in raising every soldier,
in providing every dollar, in emancipating every
slave, in winning every victory, in leading back
every State.
Did you observe, too, the chaste wit with
which on Saturday the attempt was made to
belittle the sufferings of the southern people?
The same men were wont to ridicule " bleed-
ing Kansas." Nero fiddled while Rome was
burning. It is Democratic statesmanship to
chuckle and to laugh over the mutilation and
murder of American citizens.
To men to whom these things appear seemly
it may seem decent also to denounce as tyr-
anny the legislation which has enfranchised
a race and saved a Republic. But, step by
step, our opponents have learned the lessons
which the Republican party has taught them.
The effort to render freedom national and
slavery sectional was quite as radical and as
dangerous, our enemies being witnesses, as is
the present bill. Sir, the glory of the Con-
stitution was never known until the Repub-
lican party demonstrated that it meant more
than the protection of slavery. Was that
usurpation? That Constitution has been the
true firmament of popular liberty ; but it was
left for this generation, and for yon, Mr.
Speaker, and your party, to set in it the three
amendments of personal liberty, of equal cit-
izenship, and of a free ballot—the three blaz-
ing stars in the sword-belt of Orion—to guide
political mariners forever. This enlargement
of equal rights has been the tyranny, the
usurpation of Congress, approved by the
people for the past ten years.
And now, since strange crimes demand ade-
quate remedies, it is fitting that the Represent-
atives of the people should define the policy
and designate the limitations of executive
power. Under the aggravation presented; in
the emergency which has arisen; before the
appeals urged and the necessity tempting him;
with the precedents of the war still fresh and
living, history presents no brighter illustration
of moderation and regard for constitutional
liberty than President Grant has exhibited in
this matter. He has established his claim to
confidence. The authority, wisely limited in
duration, which this bill confides to his dis-
cretion, is not too broad for the occasion, and
may properly be lodged to him.
Notice that the alternative of the legislation
proposed is one of two things; either these
outrages are to go on practically unpunished
until they exhaust themselves, or, as some
gentlemen propose, the President must act
upon the doubtful authority now possessed by
him. Let rather the laws follow the crime;
let the courts be their instrument; and let the
Executive keep strictly within the letter of the
statute.
But let us be frank, and not over-sanguine.
No pacification is possible without the coop-
eration of the people themselves. Peace is not
a mantle to be thrown over a community. It
cannot be conveyed by inoculation. It must
spring from men's hearts, must blossom in
their lives, must out of their characters spread
forth broad and beautiful. Legislation can
supply the conditions; administration may re-
move some of the obstacles ; that is all. A
wise ruler may utter the appeal, " let us have
peace." He may point the way ; the people
themselves alone can walk therein. So far as
legislation has not already supplied the proper
conditions, let them be supplied at once; so
far as administration has not removed the ob-
stacles, let that deficiency be pointed out; and
I dare predict that to the full extent allowed
by the Constitution and the laws the obstacles
shall be removed. But neither Congress nor
the President can perform the duty which
belongs to the citizen himself.
On the territory of the rebellion the en-
franchisement of a race long down trodden,
the organization of free labor, the introduction
of free speech and of new habits of thought
and of life, presented difficult problems at best.
To have solved them at once without friction
would be to have gone counter to all expe-
rience, to have reconstructed human nature
itself. Something has been done; far more
than we might have feared, far less than we
could have wished, for complete pacification.
And we have the anomaly of' the party in
opposition claiming that the States lately in
rebellion are now as orderly and law-abiding
as any in the Union. If the truth were so,
the Republican party, its Congress, and its
Administration, could have no more eloquent
eulogy. But the wails of the suffering, the
blood of righteous brethren crying out for help,
warn us that the gray jacket is still worn ;
that neither in spirit nor in conduct has the
rebel in all cases become again the citizen.
There is much of the difficulty. After the
war the country south of the Potomac and the
Ohio was covered by the embers of the great
conflagration. By care and prudence they
would have soon become ashes, but a breath
would fan them to destructive flames. The
Administration has labored to cool down every
passion on the soil. It has appeared for the
interest of the party in opposition in the nation
to revive partisan animosities, and especially
to arouse hostility against the newly enfran-
chised citizens. Without measuring the con-
sequences, perhaps, leaders and journals or
the Democratic party have kept stirring up
the embers of the strife, and they are to-day
responsible for whatever of unnatural disorder
