176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Pool.
42d Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
Coming down, I take the county of Chatham,
which has been discussed before the Senate,
another one of the Ku Klux counties. In that
county there was a falling off in the Repub-
lican vote of 641.
Proceeding in alphabetical order, I take the
county of Cleveland. In that county there
was a falling off of 342.
You see how it was that there was a loss
of 13,000 Republican votes, and how it was
that the Democracy carried the State by 4,000
majority. I have already got more than one
tenth of the majority by which they carried
the State in these three counties alone, and
they are small counties, except the county of
Chatham.
Suppose I were to take the county of Rock-
ingham, I should find the very same condition
of things, the same loss. That is the county
in regard to which Judge Settle testified, where
there had been sixty-two horrid outrages, and
when lie gave specimens such as could hardly
be properly referred to upon the floor of the
Senate.
But, Mr. President, is there any evidence
that Governor.Holden, who is brought forward
here as the chief of these conspirators, is guilty
of the frauds that have been charged against
him? There is not. I understood the Sena-
tor from Delaware to say that it had been
proved bv every witness that Governor Holden
was implicated in these frauds. I undertake
to say that the Senator from Delaware is en-
tirely mistaken. The two minority Senators
bring forward the witnesses and put their evi-
dence in their own report. On page '22 is
where it starts. They take the testimony of
Judge Battle, and 1 would like to call the
attention of these Senators to it. J udge Battle
is ft witness of their own, and ho is a witness
brought forward in the minority report to
show that W. W. Holden, who is so roundly
abused, was guilty of lhe frauds upon the State.
The question askeil was this:
" Qnrntimi. Was Governor Holden supposod to bo
rivy to this'?
"Anm'ir, For a lott*? timo it was boliovod that ho
wus not. The only thinK ottributed to him was that,
ho did not look sharply at tlio matter. Unlit it, and
dcnoum'O it, but thai ho rathor acquiesced in it; but
of Iii to thoy aro boxiimincr to ahurgo him with boinu
a participator in it."
"Of late." Sir, why did they not impeach
him upon a charge of that character when they
were undertaking to impeach him for endeav-
oring to put down the lvu Klux? All that
Judge Battle says is that.lately thpy are begin-
ning io charge that he had a complicity with
the frauds.
Mr. BLAIR. Permit me to say that the
house ol' representatives of the Legislature
voted with the concurrence of every white
Republican in it to impeach him, as I under-
stand, for that, and it is proven in the report
of the committee by the testimony.
Mr. POOL. I have answered the Senator
upon that once before ; but I will do it again.
The house of representatives did that with
the concurrence of Governor Ilolden's friends,
after they had drawn the impeaehmentarticles
and the issue was joined in the senate, and
they believed that there was no chance to get
an amended article in, having refused ori-
ginally to put. it in. Governor Ilolden's friends
desired that he might have a hearing upon that,
as I told the Senator many days ago on the
floor of the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. But I remarked to the Sen-
ator at the time that I thought it was a very
extraordinary proceeding on the part of any-
body's friends to vote to charge such a crime
as that against him, and I think the community
will unite with me in that view.
Mr. POOL. I think it was not remarkable
on the part of Governor Holden's friends.
He desired himself that they should bring
that charge against him. He desired it, be-
pr
cause the charge had been made, as it has
been here, in order to blacken his reputation,
in order to justify what a Democratic caucus
of the State senate had decided they meant
to do, and that was to impeach and remove
the Governor. If they had put that charge
in originally, and there had been an investi-
gation upon it, I believe he never would have
been impeached upon any charge.
There was another reason why they were
afraid to put it in, and that was beause they
were fearful that an investigation would impli-
cate some of themselves that had been mem-
bers of the former Legislature; because they
knew it would implicate many of their friends,
and because, I think, they believed that it
would not implicate Governor Holden. When
it was learned, though, that the counsel of
Governor Holden would not object to allowing
this to be made an additional count in the im-
peachment, the house of representatives, com-
posed so largely of the friends of the Senator,
dropped it. They never carried it to the bar
of the Senate at all, but let it die in the hands
of their own committee. I have answered the
Senator upon that once before.
Mr. President, I would like for one of the
Senators to show me the testimony of a single
man examined on any side that charges Gov-
ernor Holden with the corruption with which
they charge him in this minority report.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator look at
page 232 of the report, the testimony of Daniel
R. Goodloe, late United States marshal? I
think he will find from that testimony that
Governor Holden is considerably implicated.
Mr. POOL. I have it here.
Mr. BAYARD. I will state it here. The
question is asked:
" Could General Littlefield havo accomplished
those frauds on thoStato credit without the aid of
Uovumor Holden V"
Now for the answer:
"Answer. No, fir; ho could not."
If that is not an implication, what is? That
is one witness. There are plenty more, though,
and I can find them for the Senator.
Mr. POOL. I was coming to the testimony
of Daniel R. Goodloe; I have it markedhere.
He says that General Littlefield could not have
perpetrated the frauds on the State without
the aid of Governor Holden, and that is all he
says. Does that say that Governor Holden
took part in the frauds ? But does not Daniel
Ii. Goodloe also say that Governor Holden
appointed General Littlefield president of one
of those roads? He does.
Mr. BAYARD. He does say that it was
through Ilolden's instrumentality that Little-
field was enabled to rob the people.
Mr. POOL. He says Governor Holden
appointed him president of one of the roads,
and I am satisfied that Mr. Goodloe believed
so, and that is the reason why he alone of all
the witnesses charges complicity on Governor
Holden. The fact is that Governor Holden
did not appoint General Littlefield the presi-
dent of a road. The fact is that Governor
Holden refused to appoint him director of one
of the roads. He never gave him any appoint-
ment of any sort. He was made the president
of the road by the board of directors elected
by the stockholders. Governor Holden refused
to make General Littlefield the State proxy,
and he can show no single commission he ever
gave him, for he could not be induced to give
him one.
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the Senator that
one witness, I do not now recollect who, tes-
tifies to a very great intimacy between Holdeu
and Littlefield, aud that Littlefield had bought
out Holden's paper, and was in partnership a
portion of the time with Holden's son in the
conduct, of that newspaper.
Mr. POOL. I do not know anything afeout
the personal relations between General Little-
field and Governor Holden. I know that
General Littlefield was for a long time on in-
timate terms with Democrats and Republicans
in the city of Raleigh—a man of fine man-
ners. I merely mention it to show that Mr.
Goodloe was mistaken in a fact. He sup-
posed that Governor Holden had made Gen-
eral Littlefield the president of the road. If
that were a fact, of course without the aid of
Governor Holden he could not have robbed
the State; and that is all that Mr. Goodloe
meant. The fact is that Governor Holden not
only did not appoint him a president, but he
had no right to do it, as Mr. Goodloe ought to
have known, and he did not even make him a
director.
Mr. BLAIR. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that some of the witnesses pointed to the
fact that it required Holden's complicity inas-
much as he had to give the bonds over to the
presidents of these roads, and one of the wit-
nesses, I think Davidson, proved that these
bonds were given over by Holden in violation
of the requirements of the law ; and surely
that was complicity which enabled these men
to get from Holden the bonds aud dispose of
them.
Mr. POOL. There is no witness who says
that Governor Holden signed and delivered
these bonds contrary to the law.
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir, there is.
Mr. POOL. The Senator is mistaken, as
he will see when he comes to examine it. One
witness says it was charged. 1 wish it were
so. If he had not complied with the terms of
the law in signing the bonds, long ago there
would have been proceedings in court to in-
validate these bonds. But he did comply liter-
ally and completely with the law.
I am drawn off, sir, by a suggestion of that
kind from showing why Mr. Goodloe was under
the impression that General Littlefield could
not have taken part in these frauds without the
aid of Governor Holden. He supposed Gov-
ernor Holden had given Littlefield the appoint-
ment. No, sir; he did not make him even a
director or a proxy. General Littlefield was
elected president Of the road by the board of
directors chosen by the stockholders, and that
every man in North Carolina ought to-know;
and no witness here has made such a mistake
except Mr. Goodloe.
Mr. BLAIR. The Slate was a stockholder
to the amount of two thirds in the roads, and
the Governor appointed two thirds of the di-
rectors who elected the president; and hence
Governor Holden appointed two thirds of the
directors who elected Littlefield.
Mr. POOL. No, sir; the Governor of
North Carolina did not appoint the directors
at all. He appointed a State proxy to meet
the stockholders to elect directors, but he did
not make Littlefield the proxy. A gentleman
by the name of George W. Gahagan was the
State proxy appointed by Governor Holden.
He had to appoint somebody. I have no evi-
dence, and I understand the fact is really that
he did not vote for Littlefield at all. He voted
for the board of directors who elected Little-
field, but nobody supposed at the time that
General Littlefield was going to swindle the
State out of bonds any more than it. was sup-
posed that Swepson was going to do it.
The charge is made against Governor Hol-
den upon the testimony, they say, of all the
witnesses. Now, sir, I say it is not sustained
by a single witness. Take A. T. Davidson, to
whom the minority refer, and who is a Dem-
ocrat and one of the directors in the very road
of which Littlefield was made president—I do
not know whether he was made president by
Mr. Davidson's vote—and what does he say V
I read from page 26 of the minority report ;
this is one of the witnesses summoned by the
minority:
"Question. And the result is, that through this
