178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. os Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Voorhees.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
There is Wilson Dewer, one of seventeen
men shown to belong to the club. Several
others of that club who were present at the
time, sworn to by him to be present, were
pat upon their oaths, and Wilson Dewer
alone, of all of them, mentions Governor Hol-
den's name in connection with it, and says
that Jim Howell told him so, and that Jim
Howell read an order which he (Jim Howell)
said was from Governor Holden ; and that is
all there is in the charge of the two Senators
that the Governor of the State of North Caro-
lina was implicated in the crime of arson.
Why was not the question asked of the other
witnesses? Why was it not asked upon the
trial in the superior court? I cannot believe
the Senators meant, when they said thia was a
record of the superior court, to convey the
impression that it was the record of a trial
there; but a poor negro is taken up and
frightened half to death out in the country,
and I have no doubt bribed by these Ku Klux
to implicate Governor Holden, and he did not
dare to implicate him upon his own knowledge,
but did it upon what Jim Howell told him.
And no other of all that band could be found
to intimate such a thing.
[Here the hour arrived for taking the vote.]
Enforcement of fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. D. W. VOOltllEES,
Oil' INDIANA,
In the House of ileruesentativus,
April G, 1871.
Tho House having under consideration Iho bill
'II. II. No. 320) to enforce tho provisions of tho
fourtoontli amendment to tho Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes-
Mr. VOORHEES said:
Mr. Speaker : It was not my intention until
a few moments ago to embark at all upon the
wide and turbid stream of this debate ; and I
shall do so now only for a very brief space.
Tho limits of my time forbid more than this.
During this weary anil protracted discussion
X have been absent from the halls of Congress,
returning but a few days ago in order to cast
my vote upon tho vital ptinciples involved. I
have been among the people in their daily avo-
cations, and wherever I went I found peace
and quiet. The people of this country are
well informed; they read newspapers, and are
full of intelligence in regard to public affairs.
Yet they are not convulsed; they see no vis-
ions of horror in the South or anywhere else;
they hear no shrieks of murder on tho mid-
night air; they behold no portion of this
country inflamed with riot and bloodshed.
The farmer is at his plow in the beautiful
spring-time preparing for the fruitful harvest;
the mechanic is toiling at his bench or his
forge; the merchant is selling his merchan-
dise, and every class is engaged in its calm
and peaceful pursuits.
Could this be so if one half of the territorial
boundaries of the Republic was in such a con-
dition of insurrection, crime, and lawlessness
as to call for a declaration of war, the sus-
pension of the great writ of habeas corpus,
and the enrollment of volunteers? Upon
returning, however, I find Congress engaged
upon a bill which could not be justified even
if civil war was open and flagrant. I find the
dominant party pretending to be in a state of
fearful agitation over the condition of the
southern States. I find certain leaders here
working themselves into an artificial fury over
vnreal and fictitious outrages, in order, like
tne jugglers of the East, to impose upon the
gaping multitude. Let me assure these gen-
tlemen, whose_ political capital consists in
fabricated stories of blood and carnage, that
they no longer deceive the people ; they no
longer delude the honest tax-payers away
from the real issues at stake ; they no longer
mock and dupe their plain hard-working
adherents by appealing to the lowest and most
depraved prejudices of mankind.
Sir, it is well known of all men that the
Constitution of the United States, as it was
originally made, provided for the enforcement
of peace and order in all the States of this
Union. If troubles should occur throughout
the southern States, the original Constitution
(before it was thrice amended) provides for
the assistance of the Federal Government,
under proper circumstances. When the Legis-
lature of a State is in session it is its duty to
call for Federal aid if an insurrection takes
place too strong to be suppressed by State
power. In the absence of the Legislature the
Governor malces the call. And now I ask
members on the opposite side of the Chamber,
at the close of this long debate, to look at the
attitude in which you stand before the country.
Of the eleven States which were in insurrec-
tion and which have been reorganized by what
is called " reconstruction," ten have had Rad-
ical Governors presiding over them until within
two months past, and at this time there are nine
that still enjoy that distinction. Virginia has a
Democratic or Conservative Executive ; and
there, you admit, all is peace and obedience to
law. You admit here on this floor that security
for life, liberty, and property is in all her
borders.
In that great Commonwealth, where there is
a conservative Governor, even the persistent
and malignant ingenuity of tho gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butlkh] himself does not
discover or charge any riot or turbulence
or disturbance. Alabama has a Conservative
Governor, but she has only very recently ob-
tained that blessing, and so far as complaint
is here made against her domestic affairs it
applies to her while under Radical rule. There
are no allegations against her present Execu-
tive. Then you sweep south from Virginia,
and in tho whole of the ten States besides her,
up to a few months past, and now in only one
solitary instance, there has not been a Gov-
ernor in any one of the executive chairs, ex-
cept of your own party. You have had your
Legislatures also, and not one of them, when
in session, called upon the Federal Govern-
ment for aid. They had the power all the time
to do so and were your own partisans. You
say there are and have been troubles there,
that tliero arc riots, violence, insecurity, and
strife ; but your own political associates, acting
under the sanction of otlicial oaths, say, by
their official conduct, that your statements are
not true. Who shall we believe?
The Constitution of the United States tells
the Legislatures of States to call when help is
needed. What one of your Radical Legis-
latures has made this call? Point it out to
me. Are they scoundrels and have they allowed
men, women, and children, black and white, to
be shot down and hunted down and hung by
the highways without lifting up their voices for
that assistance which the Constitution prof-
fers? Either your statements, your inflamma-
tory charges are false, or else your party in the
South is composed of villains without a paral-
lel; villains who have stood by silently and
seen their political friends murdered when
they had the most ample power to prevent it.
Take which horn of the dilemma you choose.
There stand those ten States as perpetual wit-
nesses against you. Your own partisans in
office, from the highest to the lowest, are wit-
nesses against you. They make no outcry.
They do not clamor for assistance. If riot
and bloodshed are abroad in the borders of
those States, why is all silent in that region ?
Why are the Radical Governors silent ? I will
tell you why. It is because this clamor is
false, spawned by the minds of bad men for
base political purposes. The whole country
knows it. You deceive no one on this ques-
tion.
If the southern States were in flames your
own officials there would have cried out long
since and asked you for this aid. Do you tell
me that there are forty thousand men under
arms in North Carolina, as has been asserted.,
by the gentlejnan from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler,] and I believe by my colleague in the
other branch of Congress, [Mr. M.obton,] and
at the same time admit that you have all the time
had a Radical Governor there, and have now?
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] in a wailing tone announced that
Governor Holden had been run out of the
State, and held him up as a victim to the law-
lessness of the people. I say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that he knew better. You
know that Governor Holden was impeached
and convicted of malteasance and corruption
in office, of high crimes and misdemeanors,
and convicted, too, by the votes of your own
party. Thus he was removed and another
Radical takes his place. This is your con-
spicuous victim of southern outrage 1 But
even he, while Governor, had not the brazen
audacity to allege a state of affairs in North
Carolina which called for the interference of
Federal troops. I talk plainly. You know
he was Governor until a few weeks since.
Why was even he silent on this subject on
which you are so fierce, loud, and sanguinary?
Did he not know whether there were forty
thousand men banded together committing
murder without limit? Yet he sat in his
chair; he slept at his post, and said that all
was well within his borders. Who is it that
is false? Somebody is. Who are the witnesses
to be believed belore the country? You or
your Governors and Legislatures in the South?
Not only is all this true, however, but it is
likewise true that within the last four months
every one of these ten Governors of these ten
States, in regular messages to their Legisla-
tures, asserted as a fact, before the people of
the United States and before the world, that
peace reigned in their midst; every one of
them thanked Providence for the blessings of
peace. This formal and solemn record, which
can never be destroyed, would of itself damn
your atrocious accusations into disgrace and
disbelief with the people. I call upon the
people of all parties to read the messages of
the Radical Governors of the southern States
delivered during the past winter. It will there
be fully and abundantly seen whether false wit-
ness has not been borne on this floor and on
the floor of the Senate against a helpless peo-
ple. And even now, while we are here agitat-
ing this question and wasting time and money,
Governor Alcorn, of Mississippi, is telegraph-
ing to the delegation from that State to mind
their own business and let the State of Mis-
sissippi alone ; that he needs no Federal aid ;
that he can keep the peace without a military
invasion ordered by this lawless bill. He does
not stop there. He compares the statistics of
crime committed when the State was held by
a military Governor, wilh troops at his com-
mand, with the statistics of crime committed
under his own administration as a civil Exec-
utive. He shows more than one hundred per
cent, of an advantage over the late military
Governor in point of public virtue, peace, and
order. He is one of your Governors, not mine.
Does he speak the truth or a falsehood? He is
on the ground and well informed. You are not.
Do you answer me that you have evidence?
The testimony of witnesses taken before invest-
igating committees?
Sir, the vilest use to which the power of
Congress was ever put is the raising of a com-
mittee of investigation when the object sought
to be accomplished is the advancement of
party interest and not the development of
