1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
417
It will be perceived, Mr. Speaker, by such
evidences of popular feeling that the passage
of this bill for the purpuse of disfranchising
the South at the elections will surely produce
that profound disgust with the better part of
tiie Republican party that will create a political
revolution in most of the States of the North
which are yet Republican in politics. Nor,
Mr. Speaker, are the people of the North to
bo bamboozled by statements of lawlessness
in the South, which are the pretenses for the
passage of the infamous measure now before
us. The tricks of partisans in this regard have
been heretofore expended, and their fabrica-
tions are not to he received as groundwork
for extraordinary legislation utterly subvert-
ing what is left of our system of mixed gov-
ernment, or that of the States and the nation,
except there be reliable evidences of the state
of lawlessness in the South which the tricksters
allege. To this end congressional inquiry by
proper committee would be the only just means
of obtaining what would enable legislators to
form a proper judgment in the premises.
The clamor of the carpet-bag and scalawag
tricksters is not as great as it was a year ago,
when they demanded legislation like that which
is now initiated. The exposure then has made
such an impression upon the people that they
cannot now be made to believe the manufac-
tured falsehoods of an extraordinary state of
lawlessness in the South over and above what
exists in other quarters of the country, as was
shown by Senator Bayauo in his masterly
speech upon the Sherman resolution. What
occurred a year ago is but a type of what exists
in fraud and falsehood now; and I know of no
way of expressing it so well as by reproducing
from my late speech the following evidences
of carpet-bag tactics from Republican sources.
They were thus exposed by a correspondent of
a Radical journal, the Cincinnati Commercial.
He says:
"It seems strange that so little should be known
here concerning the ieal condition of affairsin North
Carolina. There is moro than a. suspicion that but
little cause exists for the extraordinary course taken
by Governor llolden. Ono tact, known hero to most
of the press, has done more than any ot tho stories
from cither side on the field of action to throw sus-
picion upon Ilolden's movements, and crcato the
belief that he has acted only to further the interests
of local political factions. And that fact is this: a
few weeks before adjournment Senator Pool came to
the reporters' gallery and called out a gentleman ho
supposed to be connected with thoWashmgton Chron-
icle, [Mr. Forney's paper.J lie then showed hitn a
North Carolina newspaper, in which there was acol-
lection of Ku Klux outrages, murders, and robbings
drawn out at great length. The Senator went on to
say quite confidently that it was desirable the Chron-
ic! c should at once begin the publication of this col-
lection, and keep it up until tho statements made
should be well disseminated in tho North, ile fur-
ther explained the need of this by saying that to
carry the State next fall it would be neccssary to use
the militia extensively, and if this collection of out-
rages eould be woll circulated beforohand it would
justify the step in the eyes of northern llepublicans.
Mr. Pool made the mistake of communicating all
this to the wiong man. However, ho must have
ascertained his mistake afterward, and remedied it.
as accounts of dire outrage in North Carolina began
to appear the second day after this eoavcisation,
and in duo time the State militia has appeared upon
the scene. .
*' The northern people are beginning to understand
the carpet-bugger tolerably well, and he is on his
last legs 110 doubt, but every month by which his
final end can be hastened is precious; and it is to bo
hoped that light from all sources rnay.be thrown on
his figure till there may not be a man in the Repub-
lican party who does not justify tho South in its
hatred of him and see why the South is to bo partly-
excused for hating us. A typical carpot-baggormay
actually have been a few years ago a bankrupt
saloon-keeper, of the ability usual with his class,
whose saloon decayed because of a vohement sus-
picion that it was a house of assignation, and an
absolute certainty that it was a very unsatisfactory
place in which to eat and drink; he may have been
more than half believed to have set his saloon on fire
for tho sake of getting the insurance money; he may
then have been a soldier, known for currying favor,
and a petty officer, bated for small tyrannies; he may
always have been innocent of more education than
goes to the reading of the Ledger; and yet to-day
hd may be Lieutenant Governor of a State, with a
'prosperous ring;' and ho maybe a Congressman,
and a seller of oadetships ; or—and here is a chief
concern of ours with him—ho may be a representa-
tive of northern civilization, an instructor of the
negro voter, making him rotten in legislative ras-
cality before ho is ripe for suffrage; an agent in
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 27.
reconstruction, and a fruitful sourco of tho hearty
hatred for tlio North which has so long delayed tho
peace that is essentials And worse case? than this
could bo cited. Every southern State lias had in
share of them, and the Republican party has suffered
in consequence about as much as it is wise to attempt
bearing."
Mr. Speaker, that the stories circulated here
of southern outrages are regarded as mainly
exaggerated fabrications by eminent Repub-
licans themselves is clear from the statement
of Senator Summer in his late great speech
against the*acquisition of San Domingo.
Mr. DAWES. What are we to understand
the gentleman to mean by saying the late Sen-
ator from Massachusetts ?
Mr. NIBLACK. He did not say the late
Senator, but the great Senator from Massa-
chusstts.
Mr. BIGGS. If I said the late Senator from
Massachusetts, then 1 must have said the late
Senator in the Republican party, for it seems
as if he had been read out of the party in the
Senate, as he has been displaced there as tho
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to assure him, then,
that tho Senator "still lives."
Mr. BIGGS. Yes, sir; he does still live,
lie made a speech a week ago to-day 011 Sail
Domingo 
Mr. HOAR rose.
Mr. BIGGS. Wait a moment; do not in-
terrupt me just now.
Mr. 110AII. I wish simply to say that on
that particular occasion the corpse buried tho
undertakers. [Laughter.]
Mr. BIGGS. What I was going to remark
was this: when that Senator made a spoech
the other day in the Senate 1 was not pres-
ent; but 1 understand the like was never be-
fore known in tho Senate. Thcgreat mass of
humanity crowded into the Senate Chamber,
they crowded not only allthegalleries, but the
corridor, so that they were compelled even to
be admitted on tho floor of tho Senate. Mr.
Speaker, what was it all for? What caused
that excitement among tho people? Was it
to hear Senator Scjiner? Not at all, Mr.
Speaker. That Senator has lifted his voice 111
this Capitol for moro than twenty years, lie
is the oldest living Senator now in office.
Why, then, came this great mass of tho
people 011 last Msnday to hear the speech of
Senator Sumner? They came not merely
to hear Senator Sumkku, but they came to
see tho leading spirit of- the Republican party
in tho Senate drive a wedge into the heart of
that party to shiver it to atoms, to destroy
and bury it beyond the hopes of all redemp-
tion. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me read from what
he then said:
"Had tho President been so inspirod as to bestow
upon tlio protection of southern Unionists, white
and black, ono half—nay, sir, ono quarter—of the
time, money, zeal, with personal attention, porsonal
effort, and porsonal intercession which ho has bc-
stowod upon his attempt to obtain half an island
in the Caribbean sea, our southern Ku Klux would
havo existed in name only, white tranquillity reigned
everywhere within our borders.
" Now, sir, as I desire tho suppression of tho Ku
Klux, and aslscek the elevation of tho African raco,
I insist that tho presidential scheme which installs
a new form of tho Ku Klux on tho coasts of San
Domingo, and which, at tho same time, insults tho
African race, represented in the black ropublic,
shall bo arrested. I spealt now against tho Ku Klux
on the coast of San Domingo, of which tho Presi-
dent is tho head, and I speak also for tlie African
race, whom tho President has trampled down. Is
there any Senator in earnest against tho Ku Klux ?
Let him arrest it on the coast of San Domingo. Is
there any Senator ready at all times to seek tho ele-
vation of the African race? Here is tSac occasion
of his best efforts."
There the Senator from Massachusetts, tho
leading Republican in the Senate, boldly de-
clares that President Grant is at the head of
the " Ku Klux." I ask the honorable gentle-
man from Ohio 
Mr. DAWES. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman from Delaware whether that is
the reason he hesitates to put them down?
[Laughter.]
Mr. BIGGS. By no means, sir. The Dem-
ocratic parly are willing to put down the Ku
Klux or any other violators of law in any sec-
tion of this country. Thdjr are a party of law,
they are a party of order, and as one of that
party 1 am as much opposed to Kukluxism as
any man on the Radical side of tiiis House.
But, sir, this bill, this abominable bill
brought into this House, "conceived in sin,
born in iniquity," introduced here by the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
i.abauger,] has had its carcass.picked so well
by my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] my
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] my friend
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Swaxn', j and others who have
spoken upon this side of the House, until I
verily believe its own lather himself would not
bo able to recognize his offspring, [laughter ;]
particularly after the able and comprehensive
constitutional argument of the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Van Tkumi\] Sir,
that argument will live in history, it will be
referred to and quoted in this Chamber by
others when the tongue of every member in
this House will bo dumb in death. In liis
speech Ohio was honored, the Constitution vin-
dicated, and the undying principles of the
Democratic party maintained.
Sir, why do you bring in this bill? Do you
desire to punish the southern people still fur-
ther? Have you not punished them enough?
Have you not heated tiie furnace of oppression
seven times hotter than it was ever heated be-
fore when you indicted upon them negro suf-
frage? They have passed through n severe
ordeal. They are American citizens, men in
whose hearts and in whose veins flows as good
blood as ever God put into tho body of human-
ity. Why not let them alone? Why oppress
them further? Why should you trample upon
their rights more than you havo done? I ap-
peal to my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] to whom I listened with great pleasure
the other day when ho brought his map out
and proved unmistakably to this House that
if one of President Grant's Cabinet ministers,
the I'ost,master General, had given the ono
hundredth part of his attention to tho Chor-
penning claim that he has done in the alleged
outrage upon his mail agent Gibson, (negro in
Kentucky,) it would have been much more to
his credit, much moro to the credit of Pres-
ident Grant's administration, and ecrtainly
more to the Republican party. [Laughter.]
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
says he indorses that. I am glad to hear it,
and on tho part of the people of Delaware I
thank him for his patriotism in exposing that
outrageous fraud attempted to be perpetrated
upon tho Government, when he told the coun-
try there was not "one red cent due."
Mr. DAWES. Does my friend know who
was at the bottom of that, who navigated it
through ?
Mr. DICKEY. Judge Black, of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir: it was Judge Black
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not want any such
humbuggery as that injected into my speech.
[Laughter.] Sir, Judge Black was not a
member of Congress. He had no seat on this
floor. Why, then, refer to him? Sir, let me
utter a truth which no one knows better than
the Republicans, that the Chorpenning resolu-
tion was rushed through this House, not by
Judge Black, but by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania, Hon. John Cessna, a Re-
publican, whose devotion to party no man who
served in the last Congress will for a moment
doubt.
I indorse what was said the other day by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks.]
I say with him, instead of enacting laws for the
purpose of prosecuting those southern people,
let Congress give us free salt and free coal;
let us reduce the revenue $50,000,000 per
annum, in order that we may alleviate the
