418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3j
borden of taxation which is now resting so
heavy on any oppressed people; give us a
universal amnesty law for the people of the
southern States;"let us take them to our
hearts as brothers, and let us all go on in the
future, as we have done in the past, before
the breaking out of the late civil war, and be
a union of States never again to be severed.
But, sir, to resume. The view of Senator
Sumner in the extract which [ read distinctly
recognizes the idea that if the President had
bestowed any, considerable "time, money, zeal,
with personal attention, personal effort, and
personal intercession," in respect to alleged
Ku Klux outrages, "they would haveexisted
but in name." I regard this declaration, Mr.
Speaker, as an admission that in the Senator's
mind the alleged outrages of the Ku Klux were
inconsiderable. At the same time it is an
admission that the President has not discharged
his duty, in seeking to remove causes of irri-
tation at the South and of quieting and aiding
and comforting that afflicted people.
Senator Schukz, Republican, in his great
speech against the acquisition of San Domingo,
uttered what is exceedingly pertinent in the
connection of this bill. He said that—
" It was time now todispel that confusion of ideas
which could not distinguish between the authority
of the United States and the person of the Presi-
dent, and to arrest that cat-like usurpation of power
which was gradually and with cat-like step creeping
upon this country. Congress had never been called
upon to confront a stronger attempt at personal
government. We wore reminded ot Louis XXV, with
his riding-boots on and whin in hand entering the
Paris Parliament and proclaiming, 'I am the State.'"
* * * * "Senators had spoken of extend-
ing the blessing of republican government to San
Domingo. He would respectfully suggest to those
Senators it was time to see to it that the integrity
of republican government be preserved at home."
Mr. Speaker, in view of these declarations
of eminent Republican Senators as to the dan-
gers to republican liberty and constitutional
law by the usurpation of the Executive con-
cerning San Domingo's annexation, can men
who have faith in those Senators, and agree
with them upon that subject, for a moment
think of clothing him with the vast powers
recited in the bill now before us, which, in the
respect of usurpation and the vesting of mon-
archical power, makes his San Domingo au-
dacity, in the exercise of power, but as the
small dust in the balance.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, in rising to
address this honorable body for the first time,
I labor under the double misfortune of having
to speak to an exhausted patience and to travel
over a burnt district of debate. Permit me to
say_, in the outset, that it is my purpose to speak
plainly, but not maliciously. Permit me to
say, further, that I am not vain enough to
believe that I can break down any convictions
which are incased with the fossilized crust of
sectional prejudice. But to our work. The
bill, though general in its form, is meant for
the South. It wears the mask of a colorable
generality, that it may obviate the objection
of partiality. As evidence of this all the ord-
nance is pointed toward the South, and all the
angry shells go screaming in that direction.
Permit me in this connection, in behalf of
our persecuted and downtrodden South, to
thank our noble friends on the Democratic
side of the House, who have thrown them-
selves in the breach, and have towered, like
pillars of state, before the impending danger
and poured down the fiery floods of overbear-
ing eloquence and argument against our fierce
assailants. I can only mingle a feeble voice
with theirs.
And while I am dealing in preliminaries, let
me call attention to the fact that the able chair-
man of the committee [Mr. Shellabargeu]
seemed to anticipate grave and formidable
constitutional objections to the bill, and he
was compelled to heave and tug with utmost
vigor in attempting to remove the obstructions
from his path. Not only was he forced to beg
the question by craving a liberal construction
for his bill, which is denied to all penal statutes,
but, with the zeal of the impracticable Jeremy
Bentham, he strained every principle of the
Constitution involved in the discussion "until
it cracked," in attempting to hoop up the
enormous dimensions of his bill.
His party, too willing to yield to the force
of his logic, and being fired up with the Mun-
chausen exaggerations from the South, I fear
that theirdetermination has gathered such head
that it may be difficult to lay an arrest on the
passage of the bill. In the language of Gouver-
neur Morris:
"The legislative lion will not be entangled in a
logical net. 1 he Legislature will always make the
power which it wishes to exercise, unless it be so
organized as to contain within itself the sufficient
check."
But I ask, will it not be a dangerous prece-
dent to pass this bill when itrequires such coer-
cive logic to give it constitutional vent? If the
right to exercise the power be doubtful it is a
just rule to give the Constitution the benefit of
the doubt. One breach in the Constitution for
the admission of a dangerous precedent may
prove ouly another Trojan horse, which may fly
asunder and disclose the elements of destruc-
tion.
The speeches of the advocates of the bill
may be divided iuto four parts, to wit: the
Constitutional, the statistical, the damnatory,
and the inflammatory.
As to the inflammatory part I will speak in
another connection. As to the damnatory
part, I concede the supremacy to them ; that
they can beat us cursing, that they are entitled
to diplomas in the science of malediction. But
let their curses fall on my head if they can
only be transmuted into blessings on my con-
stituents.
As to the statistical part, in its application
to Tennessee, I state that it is distorted, gar-
bled, and exaggerated. I state, as a general
truth, that her eitisens are industrious, peace-
able, law-abiding, brave, patriotic, attached
to the principles of republican government,
and demonstrating, in an eminent degree, every
day their capacity for self-government. The
members of her judiciary, supreme and inferior,
are distinguished alike for their exalted ability
and incorruptible integrity ; the most of whom
I know, and knowing, I dare affirm that they
" would not intrigue with Jove for his thunder,
nor with Neptune for his trident." Such of
her peace officers as I know are vigilant,
active, and faithful. Her government is re-
publican in form, and, by the voluntary act
of her people, she has placed the Caucasian
and African on the same constitutional and
legal platforms; and, speaking through her
last Legislature, which was composed of men
of choice ability, and some of them of national
reputation, she proved herself the friend of
peace, the foe of crime, prohibiting the carry-
ing of arms about- the person, except when
going on a journey, and pursuing Ku Klux
and masked marauders to the verge of out-
lawry, making it a felony to wear a mask for
the purpose of intimidation, and justifying any
one for taking the life of a masked assailant.
Her citizens are intelligent enough to under-
stand the distinction between law and licen-
tiousness, and they can have no interest in
provoking the scourge of disorder.
That there may be an occasional outrage in
Tennessee is conceded; but it is insolated,
not general, or, as the physician would say, it
is sporadic, not epidemic, and alike reprobated
and deplored by the community; and yet my
colleague from the second district [Mr. May-
nardJ would have you to believe that—
"The law shows her teeth.
But dares not bite."
The affairs in Tennessee were investigated
more than a year ago. The documentary evi-
dence lies deposited in the Reconstruction
Committee room, and being subject to his use,
and he failing to produce it, is evidence that
has raised a false clamor. He alluded to
an outrage in Rutherford county, but, upon
being interrogated, he showed that he was not
informed as to the name of the party slain nor
the circumstances attending the slaying. His
design, however, was to parade it as an in-
stance of rebel oppression of loyal men for
political reasons. He heretofore alluded to
this circumstance, and, to give his statement
coloring and force, he implicated the sheriff
of that county in the outrage. I speak from
authority in saying that the sheriff was in no
complicity in the affair; that it was personal,
not political; that the person slain, Mr. In-
man, was a Union man ; that he went disguised
to the house of an old negro named Wiley
Kimbro; that he forced the door open and
shot into the house, when the negro fired and
killed him. The negro, upon trial, was acquit-
ted. The editor of the Monitor, a Democratic
paper published in the same county, makes
the following comment:
"As for ourselves, we wish to enter our earnest
protest against all such midnight work. Even
admitting one of the negroes was of a villainous
character, which from all reports we believe to be
the case, such does not in the least palliate the enor-
mity of the outrage of going at the midnight hour,
armed to the teeth and in disguise, to the lesidence
of a negro, and commanding its inmates to come out,
and on their refusal, beginning to batter down and
shoot through the door of the house. Even if there
were no stringent laws against such acts, the citizens
of this peaceful community and section, to a man,
have put their seal of condemnation on all conduct
of this kind."
Hence, we find that this outrage was with-
out the ingredient of loyal oppression ; that it
was sternly denounced, and the law promptly
administered. This is but a sample of the
many caustic irritants which are applied to the
exposed nerves of Congress, and hence sent
forth, with embellished rhetoric, to inflame the
northern mind.
But I felt humiliated to know that my col-
league from the Knoxville district could so far
forget his duty to his State and his constituents
as to use a garbled extract to their prejudice
from the Chattanooga Times. The exposure
and rebuke by the Representative from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Eldridge] were so prompt and blast-
ing that I spare him any further infliction.
The Representative from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] from his tour through the South in
18G7, seemed to imagine that the very soil was
burning with rebellion and that the air was
shimmering with stifling heat, and he con-
cluded that northern men and northern capital
could not venture there in safety. Capital is
calculating and timid, and^just such speeches
as his are repressing the outflow of the redun-
dant capital of the North.
I can say that northern men, who were north-
ern soldiers, with northern capital, with Re-
publican politics, have erected woolen mills,
the dull thunder of whose looms reverberates
day and night through the streets of my own
quiet village. Our mountain gates in Bast
Tennessee stand open wide. The great basin
of Middle Tennessee, with its blue mountain
rim on the east and the Tennessee river as a
water-belt on the west, with a soil exuberant
in the production of all the grasses, cereals,
and staples, and West Tennessee, alike re-
markable in fertility, and washed by the Father
of Waters on the west, all stand open to the
influx of honest industry, capital, and improve-
ment in useful arts. Her quarries of marble,
her beds of copper, of iron, and of coal, exist
in mountain masses; ay, her coal-beds are
sufficient to feed the smelting-furnaces of the
nation. The renown of Lowell will pale before
her water powers, whose roar, unheeded for
ages, has been calling to be apprenticed to
the servitude of machinery. All $re welcome
to come with their capital, to be of us and
affiliate with us, but not to make war upon us.
I regret that I am called upon to notice the
invidious comparison of the same Represent-
ative between the metropolitan refinements of
the laboring class of his constituents, whose
dwellings are lighted with gas and who have
the convenience of hot and cold-water baths,
and the southern laboring men, who live in
