1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
humble homes and aredeniedthe conveniences
of his constituents.
Let me remind the honorable gentleman
that, while I do not represent much of the
ornamental part of society, I do represent in
the main a brave, intelligent, virtuous, and
hospitable peasantry, who, in common with
the same class scattered through the rural
districts everywhere, constitute the bone and
sinew of the Republic.
It is sometimes the case that the country
has to deplore the decay of her men, amid
the increase of her wealth:
"111 fares the land, to hastening ills a prey.
Where wealth accumulates and men decay.
Princes and lords may flourish or may tadc,
A breath can make them, as a breath has made J
But a bold peasantry, their country's pride.
When once destroyed, can never be supplied."
But I cannot spare longer time in paring the
rind from the real issue, and I now strike for
the core.
The objections to the bill are legion, but the
greatest of them all, like the sting of the scor-
pion, is to be found in its tail; so arranged, I
suppose, on a principle of art that if the head
shall enter the tail will follow. My object will
be to show that this bill is a part of the grand
drift of congressional legislation to a central-
ized Government.
That my argument may be better opened up,
I will revert to a few of the ancient theories
underlying our Government. Under the Brit-
ish Government the king was considered the
source of power, and from him grants were
conceded to and extorted by the people, such
as Magna Charta, forest charters, and colo-
nial charters. The theory of the American
Government began at the other end of the
line, and asserted—
"That all Governments derive their just powers
from the consent of the governed."
Hence we have three manifestations of polit-
ical power, to wit, the powers conferred on
the State governments, the powers conferred
on the Federal Government, and the powers
reserved by the people, constituting a grand
trinity of political powers, intended to move in
harmonious combination.
Our forefathers, looking into the future, saw
" The giant mass of things to come."
The vision was grand and panoramic. They
saw the North American continent stretching
out before them, containing more than seven
million square miles, its shores washed by
two oceans, lying directly in the path of the
western march of the Caucasian race, and,
admonished by the fate of the cumbrous estab-
lishments in the Old World, they saw that State
governments were indispensable to the exist-
ence of republican liberty, in the occupation
of the vast area. They saw the necessity of
the Federal Government to stand as a bulwark
against foreign aggression, and, standing as
guardian of the States, to prevent the destruc-
tion of the republican form of government by
the usurpations of any kingly or monarchical
power, at the same time to have a flexible Fed-
eral Constitution, whose elastic bands might
be thrown over State after State, until limited
by the ocean outlines.
In the Convention which formed the Consti-
tution Mr. Madison declared—
"I mean to preserve the State rights with the
same care as I would trials by jury."
Indeed, one vast republic, grown to the antic-
ipated development of free government on
this Continent, would be far beyond the gov-
erning capacity of human intelligence. We
have already thirty-seven State governments,
each with its executive, legislative, and judi-
ciary departments, ail busy in making, expound-
ing, and executing the laws, each building up a
jurisprudence of its own, yet in harmony with
the Constitution of the United States.
If the Federal Government were to absorb
the State governments, it could not push its
laws and powers and remedies into the ten
thousand channels of human rights and wants,
proximate and remote, so as to give prompt
and adequate relief. Judges, marshals, and
bailiffs, would have to be multiplied by the
thousand ; tax collectors would swarm in rapa-
cious crowds, and, armed with summary pow-
ers, and smitten with the lustof gain, and feeling
secure in their distance from the eye of the cen-
tral Government, they would practice their
heartless extortions on the people, who would
submit to the wrong rather than incur the
expense of going to a distant tribunal for relief.
It is true that they might be carved up into
provinces, and governed by proconsuls, after
the Roman fashion, who would carry with
them the taxing powers, the judicial and mili-
tary powers of the Government.. Pompey was
a proconsul! Csesar was a proconsul 1 And
whenever we think of them, we think of armies,
oppressions, wars, revolutions, and we read
the epitaph of Rome—
" Lone mother of dead empires."
The more our Government invades the an-
cient rights of the people of the States, and
the further it travels toward centralization, the
more it clamors for the sword. All the recent
reconstruction and enforcement laws are robust
with military powers.
The present bill provides for " the employ-
ment of the land and naval forces of the Uni-
ted States." It is nothing but the sheath
which contains the sword. Pass it into a law,
and the President will have the power, whether
he does so or not, to clutch the hilt, and he
may wield it "as the warrior wields his battle-
ax" on high and cleave down the liberties of
the people. Virtue and intelligence form the
broad and deep foundations of our Govern-
ment. Virtue was the substitute for the sword.
Our fathers would have scouted the idea that
Republican freedom could exist with the sword
of Damocles constantly suspended over the
people.
Now, the Constitution does not permit the
Federal Government to lift the sword against
the people of a State without the consent of
the State, on the call of the Legislature, or of
the Governor if the Legislature be not in ses-
sion ; and, then, when the insurrection or re-
bellion is suppressed the constitutional power
is exhausted. The guarantee in behalf of a
republican form of government interposes a
limit upon the military power, and prohibits
the usurpation of the government of the State.
There can be no such thing as the conquest of
a State under the Constitution of the United
States. Such a thing might happen under the
law of nations; but the Constitution, not the
law of nations, fixes the relation of the States.
The Government makes a sad confession,
when it abandons its faith in the virtue and
intelligence of the people and their capacity
for self-government, and calls for the sword.
If there be a necessity, a dire necessity, for
the passage of this bill, our days are num-
bered. The body-politic will rapidly become
blue with the gangrene of death. But I deny
the necessity for the monstrous exactions of
the bill. Every section of it is in the teeth of
the Constitution. But time will not permit
me to elaborate all, and I pass the first section
of the bill providing for civil remedies.
The second section of the bill extends the
jurisdiction of the United States courts over
all the States for the trial of all persons, two
or more, "conspiring to commit murder, man-
slaughter, mayhem, robbery, assault and bat-
tery, perjury, criminal obstruction of civil pro-
cess, or resistance of officers in the discharge
of official duty, arson or larceny," making all
of them a felony, punishable with a fine not
exceeding $10,000 or imprisonment not ex-
ceeding ten years, and in case of murder with
death.
It will be seen at once that this vast juris-
diction is nothing but a displacement, an art-
ful impeachment, of all the judicial authorities
of the States, a covert movement to outflank
the State judiciary by creating a special juris-
diction for the friends of the Administration.
It is but an absorption of the criminal juris-
diction of the States. It is idle to spin the
cobwebs of refinement about concurrent juris-
diction. Concede the right to the Federal
Government, and it will crush the jurisdiction
of a State like a dwarf under the foot of an
elephant.
The third section provides that, in case
insurrection, unlawful combinations, &c., shall
so hinder the execution of the laws, &c., and
the constituted authority shall be unable to,
or shall,'from any cause, fail in or refuse pro-
tection of the people of such rights, and shall
fail to apply to the President of the United
States, such facts shall be deemed a denial of
the equal protection of the laws, and he may
employ the land and naval forces of the United
States for the suppression of the combinations.
This section is intended to strike down the
fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, which re-
quires the Legislature, or the Governor of the
State when the Legislature is not in session,
to call upon the President for his military in-
terference. It is also a blow at the Legislatures
and Governors of the States, and an impeach-
ment of their fidelity, a blow at the salf-gov-
ernment of the people who placed them in office,
another movement to outflank the Legisla-
tures of the States. It prescribes no organ
for communicating these outrages to the Presi-
dent. Then it is fair to presume that he will
act upon such information as induced him to
demand the passage of the bill. Such as comes
to him warped by partisan prejudice and tainted
with personal malice ; such as Boyd and Whit-
aker, who are the Aaron and Hurr ffi> hold up
the hands of the Republican Representatives
while they wage battle against the liberties of
the people. Such an extremity ! The Legis-
latures and Governors repudiated and the
word of a servile satrap may turn the sword
loose upon an unoffending people 1
But we have not reached the end of this
crimson path. The fourth section' provides
that if these combinations, &c., are imprac-
ticable of conviction, and the State authorities
should connive at or be in complicity with
them, then such combinations shall be deemed
a rebellion against the Government of the
United States, and the President may suspend
the writ of habeas corpus and declare martial
law. Mark the language:
"Shall be deemed a rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and not against the
State."
The Federal Government is the ouly power
that can be offended ! Drive on 1 and the
American Congress may soon imitate the
Roman senate in the enactment of statutes
against violated majesty.
But this section also makes the President
the judicial, political, head of all the govern-
ments, and he may construe the State author-
ities out of existence and any combination a
rebellion against the United States. It enables
him to put his military heel on the neck of the
States while he slips the "silken glove" from
the iron hand and he feels for the heart-strings
of Republican freedom. It gives him power to
capture the State governments, bastile the Gov-
ernors and legislators, power to close the courts
of justice, (for martial law never exists when
they are open, 4 Wallace, 127,) power to control
the ballot-box, power to reelect him President,
ay, power to make himself emperor. And
who knows but he has seen, in some dream
of ambition, the crown of empire trembling for
his brow, in the hand of histoo confiding party.
I do not say that President Grant would exer-
cise this power if granted ; but I do say that,
in my opinion, it is not only unwise but crim-
inal in Congress to tempt him with it. But I
do say, that as long as the people are capable
of self-government, palsied be that brow which
stoops to receive a crown of American empire 1
