1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
Mr. DUKE obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BIGGS, who moved that the House take
a recess.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and twenty minute3 p. m.) the
House took arccess till half past seven o'clock
p. m.  
EVESIWG SESSION.
The House at half past seven o'clock p. m.
resumed its session, (Mr. Perce in the chair
as Speaker pro tempore.)
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMBNDMliNT.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
resumes the consideration of House bill No.
320, to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes.
Mr. DUKE addressed the House. [His
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WINCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, on the
7th of December last the President, in pursu-
ance of bis constitutional duty, sent to Con-
gress his annual statement of our affairs, do-
mestic and foreign. The sole reference in that
message to what maybe termed the social con-
dition of the country was contained in less than
ten lines. Even this allusion was rather vague
and indefinite, except so far as it received polit-
ical point and force in the announcement that
with the formal admission of one more State,
Georgia, ''the work of reconstruction would
be completed." Excluding the electioneering
phrase about "the verdict of the people being
reversed in exceptional cases," the place and
manner of which we were not informed, there
was not the most remote intimation as to the
"unparalleled anarchy" which he is now wont
to make us believe prevails in eleven States
of the Union. Itelying upon the good faith
of the December message, and his response to
the committee appointed to wait upon him on
the organization of the Forty-Second Congress,
"that he had no communication to make,"
and unconscious of the imminent peril that
surrounded us, we were unprepared for the
message of March 23, in obedience to which
the bill under consideration was originated.
We are informed that—■
A condition of affairs now exists in some of the
States ot' the Union rendering life and property in-
secure. and the carrying of the mails and the collec-
tion ot the revenue dangerous. The proof that such
a condition of affairs exists in some localities is now
before the Senate. That the power to correct these
evils is beyond the control of the State authorities I
do not doubt; that the power of the Executive of
the United States, acting within the limits of exist-
ing laws, is sufficient for present emergencies, is not
clear: Therefore I urgently recommend such legis-
lation as in the judgment of Congress shall effect-
ually secure life, liberty, and property, and the en-
forcement of law in all parts of the United States.
It uiay be expedient to provido that such law as shall
be passed in pursuance of this recommendation shall
expire at the end of the next session of Congress.
There is no other subject on which I would recom-
mend legislation during the present session.
U. S. GRANT.
Tf the secret history of this production could
be known it would in all probability disclose
the fact that those who secured its promul-
gation first considered how to command the
votes of the southern States in the next presi-
dential election, or, as an alternative, how to
exclude those States from having a voice in
that election. First, it must be declared law-
ful for the commander of the Army and Navy
to enter at discretion into any part of our
domain with his forces to "protect the rights
of citizens." Second, in passing an act so
clearly despotic and subversive of our system
of republican government it was deemed neces-
sary to have a pretext in order to conceal from
thepopularmindthereal object. Therefore we
are informed by him who is to be clothed with
this kingly power that a condition of affairs
exists in some States of the Union rendering
life and property insecure.
Mr. Speaker, no one has ever doubted that
the party in power have meant all along to
reopen the womb of reconstruction, as from
time to time additional legislation might suit
their purpose or their need; nor has any one
been so ignorant as to suppose they would be
unable to find pretexts sufficient to carry out
this party interest whenever occasion should
demand their action and its justification. When
it becomes necessary to make out that the South
is still in rebellion; when it is necessary to agi-
tate the public mind of the North; when it is
necessary to carry elections by diverting the
attention of the public from the subjects which
should engage their thoughts; when it is neces-
sary to make them forget the burden of tax-
ation, which has worked its way to their very
vitals; when it is necsssary to make them
oblivious of the " one-man power," which a
distinguished Senator has declared is "grad-
ually and with a cat-like stop creeping upon
the country;" when any of these necessities
exist, it is simply a party trick, periodically
resorted to, to sound the trumpet for the
assaulting columns of Radicalism to be put in
motion for a new crusade.
It is, sir, a wretched, paltry, desperate parti-
san exigency, conceived in fraud and malig-
nity. The peace of the Union is nothing, the
rights and liberties of the people are nothing,
constitutional limitations are nothing, if they
obstruct the pathway or endanger the contin-
uance of political ascendency. The results of
recent elections, North as well as South, which
are causing them to disappear from this Hall
as rapidly as did the bands of Roderick Dhu
"along Benledi's living side," at the wave of
the chieftain's hand, v?hcn—
"It scem'd as if their mother Earth
Had swallow'd up her warlike birth "—
the whips and scorns of free-traders, th e pangs
of wide-spread disaffection, the insolence of
progressive reformers, all demand that a des-
perate effort be made to tighten the grip upon
the defenseless South, while the free North is
slipping away from their grasp. The truth is,
and the country is beginning to understand it,
that all this "raw-head and bloody-bones"
about rebel outrages on Union men and ne-
groes in the South is the veriest party clap-
trap when it is not the direct result of a party
tyranny established by the Republicans them-
selves. Sir, when au ill-looking young man
of good or bad promise is rejected by an heir-
ess the sympathies of his set are lavished upon
him, and they are ready to affirm that she
scorned him becausa he was poor. They will
not tolerate for a moment the suggestion that
she refused him because she did not like him.
Just so if abully or a blackguard of the Radical
persuasion loses his life in a southern brawl,
or if a scoundrel makes himself so obnoxious
that no decent neighborhood can or should
tolerate his presence, it is of course pro-
claimed as a rebel outrage committed on ac-
count of "race, color, or previous condition."
Mr. Speaker, from every part of the country
come words of indignant remonstrance against
this continued agitation. There is a sense of
weariness, a consciousness of long suffering,
an impatient wonder as to when we are to
felicitate in the realization of that promise so
jubilantly received and reechoed by the friends
of the President, " Let us have peace." Alas!
we are constrained to fear that it will prove to
be a meaningless platitude, perhaps dictated
by some more generous mind, and never ex-
pressing the sentiment of him who uttered it.
The least intelligent man in the country knows
that there is no reign of violence in the South.
There is nowhere any evidence of systematic
or organized resistance to the laws, Federal or
State. Exceptional cases of violence occur in
the South, as in every country under tiie rule
of an alien, hostile, and privileged class.
The whole power of the Federal Govern-
ment has been employed to force upon ati
unwilling people the most odious laws and the
vilest public officials ; and yet they have sub-
mitted with a cheerful obedience that would
reflect little credit upon their courage and pa-
triotism if they had not just emerged from a
long and unsuccessful struggle for independ-
ence. It is true there has been an ex parte in-
vestigation, and Hecate and her skinny attend-
ants could not have brewed a more infernal
mixture than has been, presented by the ma-
jority ; but the minority of that committee, in
their able review of this partisan report, say
that—
" Tho statement that anarchy there exists is
absurdly untrue, and testimony now laid before
the Senato overwhelmingly establishes its untruth.
If aggressive laws are to be enacted, let all disguise
be east off and the true reason avowed. It will not
be less violent or wrong, but it will be less hypocrit-
ical and more manly. To any fair-minded man
we confidently commit the proofs contained in
the testimony now presented by the committee, and
aver that in face of sucli wrongs as have beon in-
flicted upon our unfortunate and crushed people by
the rulers placed over them, not by their own con-
sent, but by tho exerciso of despotic powers by the
Congress of the United States, no example of equal
submissiveness and patient endurance can be found
in history as is now presented by the people of the
State of North Carolina."
This, sir, is equally true of the entire South,
and those who assert "that organized bands
of desperate and lawless men, mainly composed
of soldiers of the late rebel armies, armed, dis-
ciplined, and disguised, and bound by oaths and
secret obligations, have by force, terror, and
violence subverted all civil authority in large
parts of the late insurrectionary States," are
either grossly ignorant of the condition of
affairs in the South or guilty of as willful a libel
as was ever put upon paper. The charge that
these imaginary bands of armed and disciplined
marauders are mainly composed of members
of the late confederate army is a mean and con-
temptible slander upon as brave and honorable
a soldiery as ever faced an enemy. No one,
sir, who ever met them on the "battle's peril-
ous edge" would attempt to link them and
their late service with such cowardly transac-
tions. It is well known that the best friends
of law and order, tho first to accept the prac-
tical results of the war, to acquiesce in the
final aibitrament of the sword, were those who
bravely and faithfully followed their fiag until
it was furled forever at Appomattox. In this
connection I am happy to place upon record,
at least in behalf of the confederate soldiers
of Kentucky, an honest and just refutation of
this slander from the Republican paper pub-
lished in Louisville. I find in the Commercial
of March 21, the following:
"Mr. Sherman, in his speech in the Senate in ref-
erence to outrages in the South, undoubtedly did
injustice to one class of the southern people. The
ex-confederate soldiers are not, as a class, charge-
able with the lawlcssless so rampant in many quar-
ters. On the contrary, as a class, they have been
the most orderly and most liberal and ready in their
acquiescence in the new erdor of things of any class
that sympathized with the secession movement. In
any case where men professing to be ex-confederate
soldiers have befcn found complicated in ICu Klux
riots we believe an investigation will show that they
were guerrillas or skulkers, deserters or infesters of
hospital camps and baggage trains, and never brave
men who faced their duty steadily in the ranks in
battle and on the march."
The Democratic press in Kentucky, and
especially that portion—and this is the largest
and most influential—under the control of the
confederate element, have been loudest and
boldest in condemnation of every form of law-
lessness, and I feel that the calumny against
them will meet with the public scorn it de-
serves.
Mr. Speaker, are wc to believe that the
people of the South, any more than the people
of the North, are fond of violence for its own
sake, and that if disorder exists it results
from the nature of the people, and not from
other causes ? Do their past history and char-
acter justify this conclusion? No, sir; if
lawlessness exists it results from the govern-
ment set over them; it is the legitimate off-
spring of reconstruction. There_ is no evad-
ing this issue. It is palpable and indisputable.
You entered fhose States under the specious
covering of reconstruction and wiped out every
vestige of the two organic governments found
there, and out of tlieir ruin erected a govern-
ment more absolute and more unendurable than
anything this side of Constantinople. You
