422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
reversed the natural conditions of society and
consigned the people to an unprecedented des-
potism, foreign to the spirit or the letter of
the Constitution.
The Radical ascendency in Tennessee, while
it lasted, was a rule of unexampled cruelty.
Holden's administration in North Carolina
and Reed's monopoly in Florida were merely
corrupt and irresponsible corporations held
together by the bayonet. The governments
of Georgia and South Carolina differed only
in the degree of their oppressiveness, not much
in quality or kind, being in every way fanatic
and ruinous. In Arkansas the Radicals them-
selves furnished abundant proof of the loosest
and most lawless mode of transacting political
business; while Texas and Louisiana stand as
bitter reproaches to the genius of Republican-
ism. In fact the entire South presents us the
terrible spectacle either of the desperate courses
or the despicable consequences of congres-
sional domination, acting through Federal law,
alien to the wishes and needs of the people
and sustained from without by military power.
Do I misstate or exaggerate the facts? _ You
have it in stronger language from indubitable
Radical sources. Says the Cincinnati Gazette
in a recent editorial:
" When the Republicans determined that one of
the results of the war for slavery should be the
conferring of equal political rights on the southern
blaoks we suppose that none of them imagined that
the southern blaoks were capable of assuming the
control of government or expected or desired that
they should take into their hands the government
of any of the southern States. No rational white
man supposes that even the white race, held for gen-
erations in slavery, would be fit to take control of
government immediately upon emancipation."
****** ****
" Credulous as to representations from whites of the
party known as their friends, and jealous of theclass
of theirf'ormerowners,they were a most ductilema-
terial for the operations of white adventurers and
demagogues. It has brought to the surface and to
places of trust and power persons who could haye
never risen in any wholesome state of society, and
who, as a class, with but a few exceptions, have con-
tributed to destroy all the fair promise of a political
reconstruction of the South, as well as to dissipate all
the elements of Republican strength and to bring
the Republican nauie into disrepute."
Under these circumstances, is it strange that
disorders and violations of law should be
unusually multiplied? Would it not be the
necessary product of such a system in Maine
or Vermont as well as in South Carolina or
Georgia? The citizens may strive to keep
them down, but such revolutionary govern*
ments, not only upturning the political status,
but also almost inverting the social, are potent
beyond control in producing these results.
Under this novel regime the responsible ele-
ments of society have been ignored; strangers
inspired by the adventurous spirit of gain,
and natives instigated by hafe or by craft,
have been preferred and maintained in their
usurped power by force of arms, under the
plea of "protecting loyalty1' arid making
"treason odious.'7 You declared the war was
prosecuted to preserve the Constitution and
restore the Union, and it was expccted that
the pledge would be fulfilled. But, sir, "we
have lost faith in human nature." Instead
of fulfilling it, you placed those States under
martial law; you abolished their State consti-
tutions; you compelled them, at the point of
the bayonet, to adopt such constitutions as
you dictated; you set their lately freed slaves
above them, and gave the control of State
after State to carpet-bag and negro rule. A
prominent apostle of your faith, in a lecture
about the "Man of Sin," tells you as to the
character of officials that flourish under this
beneficent system. He says:
" I met judges of the courts in the southern States
who, ten years ago, were hostlers in livery stables in
the North, and whose knowledge of ciirainal law
they had gained from standing iu the prisoner's
dock."
With this class of men in the judiciary and
the respectable citizen under their feet, how
do you expect the law to be expounded and
enforced?
Again, sirj J find the following graphic de-
scription of the South Carolina Legislature
in the correspondence of the New York World
fropn that place:
"Nothing more extraordinary can be conceived
than the motley crew of Five Points' negroes, plant-
ation hands, Yankee adventurers, and bins feing
graduates assembled at Columbia and calling them-
selves the Legislature of South Carolina. Over two
thirds ol the members are of African descent, and
range in complexion through dirty white, chrome
yellow, molasses color, gmger, cinnamon, and ma-
hogany, to coal black. The negro who presides over
the Senate has kinky hair; but his hue is that of
New Jersey mud after a heavy rain. A large pro-
portion of the members of both Houses cannot read
and write. Some ot them but a few years ago were
engaged in the more useful service of hoeing corn
and cotton; they have come up to Columbia from
the plantations of their late masters, because they
were the shrewdest or the most violent among their
fellows. Ignorant and brutal, and the companions
of the worst men from the North, they are of eourse
corrupt. Very few bills pass the Legislature without
being paid for by outside parties.
"Bribery is practiced openly and without the
slightest attempt at concealment. The lobbyist goes
boldly to the legislator and bargains for his vote.
You can calculate almost to a dollar, so systematic
has the swindle become, how much it will cost you
to carry it through or defeat any job. An amusing
illustration of the condition of the morals of the
Republican Legislature of South Carolina was
afforded the other day by Hon. Mr. Leslie, of the
senate, a runaway New Yorker. Some of the orators
were bothering Mr. Leslie in debate about his mal-
administration of one of the State offices, when he
sprang to his feet, and, shaking his finger at the entire
body, shouted 'I dare you to an investigation; try
it on, and I promise you I will put half of you in the
penitentiary; and what is more, I will put your
Governor in the penitentiary, too, in less than thirty
days>.' The Legislature cowered before his threat,
and no further disposition has been evinced to im-
pugn tho integrity of the gentleman lately from
New York/'
Sir, the whole Republican policy in that
unhappy country has been to accelerate usurp-
ations, wrongs, and outrages, to sow the dra-
gon's teeth of discord, yielding a harvest of
confusion and anarchy, instead of peace, pros-
perity, and fraternity. The Army has been
used without remorse, and courts-martial have
dealt out punishment without law. Why, then,
continue all this, when your President con-
fesses that all these crimes against law and
liberty, against peace and equity, have been
committed in vain. Sir, when this policy was
first inaugurated they were described in the
other wing of this Capitol as bills 11 to organize
hell in the southern States.'' The prophecy
w%s natural to a mind that discovered in their
nature and operation a premium to rascality,
a bribe to villainy, a brazen defiance to the
people.
We find, Mr. Speaker, a most thorough and
correct exposition of these causes and effects
in a letter of ex-Governor Perry, addressed to
Governor Scott of South Carolina. I will not
occupy the time of the House to have it read,
as doubtless many, if not all, have seen it, but
will ask permission to have it printed as part
of my remarks:
Greenville, S. C., March 13,1871.
Sm: I understand that you aro consulting your
political opponents in every section of the State as
to the best means of preserving order, peace, and the
enforcement of the laws in South Carolina. You
have invited eminent gentlemen throughout the
State to meet you in Columbia for this laudable and
patriotic purpose. I believe, sir, that you are now
sincere in this purpose, not withstanding your " Win-
chester-rifle" speech in Washington a year or two
since, in which you fiendishly proclaimed that this
instrument of death, in the hands of the negroes of
South Carolina, was the most effective means of
maintaining order and quiet in the State,
I rejoice to find that a change has come over the
spirit of your thoughts and actions ; and I for one
am ready and willing, with all thegood peopleof
the State, tosustainyou inyourpresentcourse. The
tone an4 temper of your recentmessage to the Legis-
lature i^ evidence of your sincerity. Permit me to
say to you, in candor and sincerity, that the signs of
the times indicate, unmistakably to my mind, that
we arc on the eve of a bloody, tumultuous comino
tion, unier-s something is done to quiet public opin-
ion. Toe incendiary destruction of property every
night, and the roguery of the Legislature in their
appropriations and taxation, amounting ultimately
to confiscation of all real and personal estate, cannot
be -borne much longer. Tnere is a point beyond
which human endurance cannot go, let the conse-
quences be what they may. I know it is notin your
power to rclorm the Legislature or stay elfcctually
their corruption, bribery, prodigality, and roguery.
But there are two things which you can do, and
should do, thesooner the Better—disarm your militia
and appoint good and intelligent men to office. A11
the lawlessness and violence which have disgraced
the State have been owing to these two sources of
mischief.
Never was there a more fatal mistake or a more
diabolical wrong committed than when you organ-
ized colored troops throughout the State, and put
arms into their hands, with powder and ball, and
denied the same to the white people. It was atro-
cious. The bloody tragedy at Laurens w:is owing to
this and nothing else. The murder of Stevens and
other white men at Union by one of your negro com-
panies, and the subsequent execution often colored
prisoners, was owing to the same cause. The fearful
killing and murder of a number of men at Chester
was likewise owing to your colored militia. The vio-
lence and lawlessness at Yorkville originated in one
of your worthless appointments. Heretofore your
appointments have been mostly made ot ignorant
and corrupt men, who cannot enforce the laws and
preserve the peace. The colored people of South
Carolina behaved well during our civil war, and
would have continued to have done so but for the
unprincipled carpet-baggers who came among them
and stirred up hatred to the white race by the most
artful and devilish appeals to their fears and bad
passions. Unprincipled white men, living among us,
sceingan opportunity of office and plunder, joined the
carpet-baggers. These two classes united in per-
suading the negroes that they would be put back
into slavery, and that they must apply the torch to
redress their supposed wrongs.
It is not surprising that a people so ignorant and
credulous as the negroes are should thus have been
led astray. They were told that lands would bo
given them and their children educated. Hundreds
of thousands of dollars have been appropriated lor
this purpose, and all squandered and stolen by then-
pretended friends. A multiplicity of offices have
been created to reward political partisans; salaries
have been increased, millions appropriated for rail-
roads, and the most extravagant waste of public
moneys in every way. The public officers and the
members of the Legislature are charged with the
most shameless corruption, bribery, and roguery. It
is impossible for the industry of the State to pay the
taxes. There is no security for property. It is im-
possible for this thing to go on and preserve order
in the State. The State bonds will nut be paid. I
earnestly desire the peace and prosperity of ray State.
I did all that I could to prevent the secession of
South Carolina, and the civil war which ensued. My
predictions of all the evils which have ensued were
treated with scorn and contempt by those in power
and authority. You, sir, and those in power at the
present time, may not heed my predictions again;
hut the day is fast approaching when you will realize
all that I have said, unless some change takes place.
Yours, &c„ B.F. PERRY.
His Excellency Governor Scott.
It is a little singular, sir, that the Ku Klux
are most numerous where the greatest efforts
have been made to exterminate them. Gov-
ernors Holden and Scott have been busy in
imprisoning and killing these " mysterious per-
sonages" for years, and they have apparently
increased undertheiradministrations. It would
seem that wherever military and carpet-bagger
domination in the South has been marked by
the greatest contempt for law and right, and
practiced the greatest cruelty toward the peo-
ple, Ku Klux operations have multiplied. It
may be that mixed with considerations of
safety there werememories of outrages, insults,
and oppressions calling on what is best in man-
hood for retaliation. There is a point where
endurance mustand will cease. Human nature
is the same everywhere.
Mr. Speaker, to say that the condition of the
South is such as to call for the extreme and
extraordinary remedy proposed in the pending
bill is an insult to public intelligence. The
best evidence that no such state of affairs exist,
or any public disturbances beyond the control
of the State authorities, is the fact that, with
only one exception, the State authorities have
not applied to the General Government for
aid, but, as far as any expression has been
had, it represents the State authorities as fully
competent to preserve order and quiet. How-
ever, admit it were true; admit that the tale
of every terror-stricken carpet-bagger, fleeing
from the vengeance of a long-suffering people,
were literally true, and not the figment ot a
guilty mind, it would still furnish no excuse
for the interposition of Federal troops, and
the investiture of the President with such
dangerous power. Whatever these outrages
he, they are not. offenses against the laws of the
United States.
The criminal code of the United States con-
tains no provision for the punishment of crime,
except those against its own laws. They have
