424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
high achievements, at the close of the war,
which she only " snuffed from afar," she pre-
cipitated her fanatic hordes upon the conquered
South with a cry wilder than ever went up
from the embattled plains of the crusaders.
They came singing:
"Should we, whose souls are lighted
With wisdom from on high.
Wait still to be invited
Before we hither hie.
Where offices are waiting.
And plunder is to reap ?
Mot at the present stating,
While carpet-bags aro cheap."
Still, not satisfied with trampling down all
the institutions of that country, as the surf
tramples down the sea-weed upon the shore,
they demand that the South must be Yankee-
ized until her people talk through their noses,
smell of codfish, and acquire all the vices of
the Puritan. The country must be made a
waste and desolation to those who were born
upon its soil and whose ancestors have made
it noble and famous for centuries; but it is to
be made the paradise of the incendiary adven-
turers from New England and their black
allies. Sir, it may be sadly true that a large
part of the South to-day, like some rich and
noble treasure-ship, freighted with the renown
of centuries of Caucasian domination and the
merited wealth of historic glory, is in the pos-
session of black and mongrel buccaneers, as
desperate as ever cruised beneath tho red flag
upon the "Spanish main." But let the pirates
hearken, for they shall not continue to rule in
that fair section, designed by Providence to be
the dominion of the highest type of the white
race. The political skies are brightening. We
feel an inspiring assurance that the day-star of
another and brighter period is just below the
horizon. Already we hear the footsteps of
approaching revolution. It is advancing with
an energy that gives assurance of its triumph-
ant progress even unto the end. They are
awakening to the fact that tho only hope for
the country is where Demosthenes found it in
his address to the Athenians. He says:
"I should consider your situation as desolate and
irreparable if I did not reflect that you have been
brought to this state by weak and improvident
measures, and by weak ard treacherous men; and 1
trust you may bo recovered by wise and upright
governors. Change your administration and yon may
yet be saved; persevere and you must be ruined."
Mr. Speaker, for more than six years the
party in power has been developing, elabor-
ating, and perfecting its plan of reconstruction.
It has mingled with its own harsh and cruel
devices the worst features of the worst despot-
isms of ancient or modern times. It has ele-
vated to supreme political power an ignorant,
illiterate, and semi barbarous race, while it
has endeavored, with all theappliances of abso-
lute power, to harass, degrade, and crush the
spirit of a brave and generous people; and
at the end of it all the plan is a confessed
failure, and we are asked to vitalize it with
more power.
Isit not time, I would suggest, to take a " new-
departure?" Is it not time to abandon the long-
tried policy of hate, malice, and oppression?
Is it not time that we should conclude, with
Burke, "that for wise men this is not jtidi
eious, for sober men not decent, for minds
tinctured with humanity not mild or merciful?"
Would it not be good, even as an experiment,
for the people of the North to take the people
of the bouth into their confidence, to trust
them as they have a right to be trusted, to
admit them all to a fair and equal participa-
tion in the honors, as they bear their full share
of the burdens of the common Government?
Without a symbol of liberty, excluded from
the Government by force or fraud, or, with a
lew honorable exceptions, misrepresented in its
councils by men not in sympathy with their
wants or feelings, what rational hope can there
be of lasting prosperity or enduring peace?
Ours is not the only rebellion which has been
crushed by the force of arms. Ours is not the
only one wbiob has been reconciled by gen-
erous pardon when the strife was over. The
butcher of Culloden never forgave, and it was
reserved for the great statesman ot anew admin-
istration to staunch rebel Scotland's bleeding
wounds and restore her allegiance, not only by
mercy, but by confidence. Homer makes
"Ulysses exclaim:
" Men soonest weary of battle when the sword
The bloodiest harvest reap."
As the participants in such scenes weary, so
weary those who long for peace, peace in its
civil as well as military import, and still hear
the cry for blood. They demand the bread of
beneficence, mutual love and concord. Will
you tender them the stone, the scorpion, and
the snake. Statesmanship has in all ages
deprecated the keeping alive memories of civil
animosities or perpetuating the glories won in
civil strife. Is it not time for us, then, boast-
ing of our Christian civilization, to imitate the
wisdom and magnanimity of that ancient and
noble decree which declared "it was not fit-
ting that any record should exist of discord
between Greek and Greek?"
Is it not time that we should close up en-
tirely those fountains that have so long sent
their bitter waters so freely among us, and
if possible bring back something like that state
of great and disinterested love of country and
fraternal concord in which the war of the Rev-
olution left us and the Federal Constitution
found us? Does not sound policy, as well as
humanity, dictate a generous oblivion as the
surest basis of future tranquillity? Itis deeply
to be regretted that the President did not see
proper, instead of asking the continuance and
intensifying of " harsh measures," to gratify
the earnest hope, so widely entertained, and
given the weight of his influence in favor of
an unconditional amnesty as the great pan-
acea for all our troubles. A true amnesty,
turning from the past, erasing from the statute-
book all discriminations between our citizens,
and bidding all to be united once more in a
"union of hearts."
Years have passed since the South bowed to
the decree of destiny with an honesty as
undoubted as her courage in the field. She
went down under the superior number of
opposing legions, with her broad and teeming
lands wasted, her cities destroyed, her warriors
scattered, her resources exhausted, shorn of
everything save that which the conqueror could
not destroy, her wealth of proud traditions.
The work was done, done finally and efficiently.
Her Legislatures, her statesmen, her disarmed
warriors, her people of high and low degree,
all solemnly and emphatically declare it: and
having discovered their truth and earnestness
when they told you that they meant war, can
you not trust them when they tell you that they
mean peace, permanent and lasting peace.
You cannot extinguish the influence of culti-
vated brain, virtue, and personal worth by
simply excluding their possessors from the
ballot-box or from office. The shrewd old
Roman, who, when applied to for advice,
walked into his garden, in the presence of
the messenger, striking olf with his staff the
heads of all the tallest poppies, did not mis-
appreciate the influence of ascendant minds
over the people. Is it best that this influence
should be secured, or repelled from cordial
reconciliation ? Any one examining our Fed-
eral statutes since 1865 will find that it may
be said of us, as Macaulay said of the contest
between Holland and France, that "while
the generals were making peace the legis-
lators were making war."
Some men, Mr. Speaker, seem to be born
haters. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler,] in his remarks some time since
on a bill reported by him, nominally for am-
nesty and peace, but which shamefully falsified
its title, admitted that he was notof the "most
forgiving nature." The confession may have
been good for the soul, but it was not needed
for information. We kuow too well that the
gentleman, unlike the princely Richmond,
who, upon the field of Bosworth, after the star
of Richard had set in blood, would never—
"Proclaim a pardon to the soldiers fled.
That in submission will return to us."'
No; he aspires to rival that three-visaged
creation of Dante: one red with anger, ons
pale with envy, the third black with revenge ;
having three mouths—
"And at every mouth his teeth a rebel champs."
Never were truer words uttered than those
of the Governor of Missouri, when he stated
that—
" Wh erever I have gone in the canvass ofthisbroad
State I havo ever found that those who bore tho
brunt of battle were tho first to extend tho right
ha,nd of fellowship, the first to forget all animosities
and consign to oblivion obsolete issues. It was only
those who held high carnival in the rear that would
still prolong the notes of discord, hoping for con-
tinued pillage."
Yes, sir, the cur would tear the carcass,
though he dare not look it in the face while
living; for the hound that hunteth it to the
earth mangleth it not afterward. It is such
creatures who persevere in embodying tneir
devilish malignity and hate in legislative enact-
ments, and are unwilling to restore true and
fraternal relations, prosperity with all its com-
forts, peace with all its joys, to a Union shat-
tered but not yet utterly destroyed. If there
be one lesson written all over the face of his-
tory, it is, that the conqueror in a civil war who
has glutted his vengeance stands very near
his final downfall. The severities of Philip
II did not save the Netherlands to Spain ; the
"bloody assizes" of Jeffreys alter Mon-
mouth's overthrow did not strengthen the
throne of James II. If any royal house of
modern Europe has exceeded in a tyrannical
abuse of popular rights, and blind to every
principle of wise statesmanship, it, is the house
of Hapsburg; yet misfortune taught the reign-
ing monarch a wisdom worthy of imitation.
Said this accomplished prince to his assem-
bled Parliament:
"Let us throw a veil of forgetfulness over the im-
mediate past, let us lay to heart the lessons which it
leaves behind, but let us derive.with unshaken cour-
age, new strength and the resolve to secure to the
empire peace and power. Let not the secret thoughts
of revenge guide our steps. A more noble satisfac-
tion is reserved for us."
How strikingly applicable to our own con-
dition, and how truly suggestive of our duty!
Until our steps are turned from thoughts of
revenge can we ever experience the noble sat-
isfaction of seeing the genuine reestabhshnient
of the integrity of our national household?
Let passion give place to reason ; let preju-
dice give place to calmness ; let every citizen
be restored to the full and equal enjoyment of
all rights under the Constitution ; let all traces
of our civil war be buried and forgotten ; let
us practice that charity which is at the base of
the Christian faith, that charity without which
there is no hope—a broad, national charity
which may awaken a spirit in this land that
will cause the old Union to reappear from
existing chaos strengthened and purified. I
would recommend to the sober reflection of
gentlemen on the other side the wise sugges-
tions of one of their ablest organs ; I refer to
the Chicago Tribune. I will ask the Clerk to
read the following extract.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The continuation of this proseriptive policy, and
the attempts by adventurers holding office to con-
vert the State governments into irresponsible satra-
pies, has gradually reduced ihe Republican m ajor-
ities in all those States, It is, perhaps, because of
the extravagant exercise of arbitrary power by Gov-
ernor Holden, in North Carolina, that tho Democrats
were able to get control of tho Legislature of that
State. General Butler and his taction propose to
interpose legislation, not to remove any of the trou-
bles which are gradually reducing tho Republican
majorities in thoseStates, but to offset them by laws
declaring that all elections shall result in one wji',
no matter how the people may be numeric illy
divided. It is probable that the general amnesty
bill, deleated m the House on Tuesday last, would
have disarmed more ICu Klux than all tho laws lor
tho exercise of military powers that Congress can
devise." * * s * " Congress, by its legis-
lation, keeps the best-informed, the mostexperierieed
and influential class of .the rebels politically dis-
