188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment-—Mr. Willard.
42d Cong 1st Sess.
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sheu.abargek.]
In the first section ot' that bill is this descrip-
tion of the offense which he proposes shall be
punished by the laws of the United States:
If two or more persons shall, within the limits
of any State of tho Union, conspire together to do
any act against the person, property, or rights of
another, which act beinff committed within the limits
of a State would not be punishable as acrimcngainst
tho laws of tho United States, but which, if com-
mitted in any place or district under tho sole and
exclusive jurisdiction of tho United States, would
bo punishablo as a crime under the laws thereof in
force at tho timo of such conspiracy, and if one or
more of said partios to said conspiracy shall do any
act to effect the object thereof, the parties to said
conspiracy shall bo deemed guilty of a felony, and,
on conviction, shall bo liable to a penalty of not less
than $500 and to imprisonment not exceeding ten
years: 1'rovidcd. That if any party or parties to
such conspiracy shall, in furtherance of such common
design, commit murder, sueh party or parties so
guilty shall, upon conviction thoroof, suffer doath.
Now, sir, it occurred to mo, as it occurred
to many other Republicans upon this iloor,
that this provision gave to the United Suites
courts jurisdiction of every criminal offense
that could be committed anywhere within the
limits of the United States ; that it practically
abolished tho criminal jurisdiction of the
Slate, absorbing it all into the United States
courts. Believing this to be the force of that
provision in ihe original bill, 1 could not
assent to it. The special committee, after
considering this provision of the bill, reported
it in this modified form :
That if two or moro persons shall, within tho lim-
its of any State, blind, conspire, or combine toguthcr
to do any net in violation of the ri^lus, privileges,
or immunities of any person, to which he is entitled
under tlio Constitution and laws of the United Ktatcs,
which, committed within a. place under tho solo and
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, would,
under any law of tho United States then in toree.
constitute the crime of oithor murder, miUHhiushtcr,
uiayhem, robbery, assault and battery, perjury, sub-
ornation of perjury, criminal obstruction of lefrul
process or resistance ofollicors in discharge of ofiici.il
vimy, nisou, or laieeny; and it one or move of tho
parties to said conspiracy or combination shall do
any act to effect the object thereof, all the parlies
So or engaged 111 said conspiracy or combination,
whelher principals 01'accessories, shall bo deemed
guilty of a felony, and, upon eonviethm thereof,
.-.halt be linblo to a penalty of not exceeding &U1,000,
or toimprisonment not exceeding ten year,-,, or both,
-at 1 be discretion of tho eoui'l: I'xwidctl, That if any
paity or parties to sueh conspiracy or combination
sbali, in furtherance ot such common dosii;n, commit
tlie crime of murder, such pni i> or parties so guilty
shall, upon conviction thereof, suffer death: And
provided ulna, That any offense punishable under
thi-s act, begun in one judicial district ot tho United
Slates and completed in another, may be dealt with,
inquired of, tried, determined, and punished in
oithor district.
The words " in violation of the rights, priv-
ileges, or immunities of" tiny person to which
he is entitled under the Constitution and laws
of the United States'' were inserted, 110 doubt,
in definition of or limitation in some way upon
the offense as described in the original bill.
It, still occurred to me, and all the more it,
occurred to me after bearing the very able
speech of the gentleman from Ohio, that this
limitation or definition was not, after all, in-
tended on the pait. of' those who recommended
it to prevent the United Slates from having
01 iginal jurisdiction of all offenses against lite,
property, or person, although such offenses
might bo committed within the limits of a State,
but was rather intended ns a declaration that
the offenses specifically named in the section
were offenses against the rights, privileges, and
immunities of every person uuder the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and were therefore
punishable as crimes against the Constitution.
I understand the gentleman i'rom Ohio to
urge in his argument that under the amend-
ments to the Constitution the United States
may directly punish these enumerated offenses
as offenses against the rights, privileges, and
immunities of persons under the Constitution
of the United States, and that tho offense of
murder, for instance, the offense of robbery,
the offense of mayhem, are, by the very terms of
these amendments to the Constitution, offenses
against the rights, privileges, and immunities
of a person under the Constitution and laws
of the United States. Thus interpreted, I was
still unable to give my assent to that provision
of the bill, as it remained open to the same
objection I have already stated against the
original section. I still thought there ought
to be a further limitation ; that there ought to
be such a definition or description of the
offense as would forever exclude any such in-
terpretation. So believing, I asked the gen-
tleman who had framed this bill whether they
could not assent to a proposition of amend-
ment, which would obviate this objection;
and for tho purpose of stating as nearly as I
could in accurate language my view of the
extent to which we could go under the Con-
stitution i framed an amendment, which was
printed last week. That amendment declares
it to be acrime " if two or moro persons shall,
within the limits of any State, band, or eon-
spire, or combine together for the purpose)
either directly or indirectly, of depriving any
person, or any class of persons, of the equal
protection of the laws, or of equal privileges
and immunities under the laws, or for the
purpose of preventing or in any way hinder-
ing the constituted authorities of any State
from giving or securing to all persons within
sueh State the equal protection of the laws."
To my mind this obviated what I regarded
as a fatal objection to the section as it before
stood, by providing that tho essence of the
crime should consist in the intent to deprive a
person of the equal protection of tho laws
ami of equal privileges and immunities under
the laws; in other words, that the Constitu-
tion secured, and was only intended to secure,
equality of rights and immunities, and thaf,
we could only punish by United States laws a
denial of that equality. The committee hav-
ing now adopted and recommended this de-
scription of the offense instead of the one
originally recommended by them, I cannot,
of course, longer refuse my assent to that sec-
tion of the bill, and 1 cheerfully give it my
support.
lierc I may properly say, that perhaps the
difference between some other gentlemen here
and myself in respect to what should be the
phraseology of this bill is more a differcncc
as to the meaning of the constitutional pro-
vision, a difference as to what should be the
judicial construction of tho words used in the
Constitution, than a difference as to the rem-
edy wo may apply. 1 believe that whatever
is secured to the citizens of the United States
by the fourteenth amendment can be enforced,
can be made secure by tho laws of the United
States. Now, what is secured by tho four
teemh amendment? In order to give my
views upon this question I do not need to read
even the whole of the first paragraph of that
amendment. It begins with tho declaration
that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to tho jurisdiction theieof, are
citizens of tho United States and of the State wherein
they resido."
In speaking of this amendmentsome gentle-
men seem to regard it as the creation of citi-
zenship of the United States; and, 110 doubt,
some of what I can but think not only the
unwarranted but dangerous constructions of
this amendment arise from this view of citi-
zenship. But citizenship of the United States
is as old as the Constitution; yes, older than
the Constitution, for that instrument was
framed by citizens of tho United States. The
"people of the United States" who framed
the Constitution were citizens of tho United
States. Even Chiefs ustice Taney, in the Drcd
Seott case, said :
"Tho words 'people of the United States' and
'citizen' are synonymous terms, and mean the
same thing. Tbey both describe the political body
who, according to..our republican institutions, form
the sovereignty, and who hold the power and con-
duct tho Government through their representatives.
They are what we familinly call the sovereign peo-
ple, and every citizen is one of this people and a con-
stituent member of the sovereignty!"
Mr. Justice Curtis, who delivered the dis-
senting opinion in the same case, said:
" That under tho Constitution of the United States
every free person, born on the soil ot a State, who is
a citizen o£ that State by force of its constitution or
laws, is also a citizen of the United States."
This citizenship did not come by any express
declaration of the Constitution, but existed in
the very nature of government. In the Dred
Seott case there was no disagreement as to the
fact of there being such a thing as citizenship
of tbe United States, nor of what that citizen-
ship was a guarantee; bat the point in dispute
was whether citizenship of a State made a per-
son a citizen of the united States, and the
court held that it did not. Indeed, tbe whole
body of our legislation, the entire record of
oilr courts, the universal action of our Govern*
raent, have never called in question the exist-
ence of citizenship of the United States.
The existence of that citizenship prior to the
fourteenth amendment being established, it
follows, of course, that the privileges and im-
munities of United States citizenship existed
then also; and the courts have always held
that thege privileges and immunities were rec-
ognized and guarantied by the provision of the
Constitution that " the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all the privileges and im-
munities of citizens in the several States."
What were these privileges and immunities?
In answer to this question 1 quote here—and it
has already been several times quoted in this
debate—an extract from tho opinion of Judge
Washington in the circuit court, in the case
of Corficld r.t. Coryell, decided many years
ago. Judge Washington said:
"Tho inquiry is, what arc the privileges and im-
munities ot citizens in the several States? Wo feel
no hesitation in confining theso expressions to those
privileges and immunities which arc in their nature
lundamental; which belong of right to the citizens
of allfreeCovernments; and which haveatali times
been enjoyed by the citi'/ens of the several Stat*??
which compose this Union, from the time Of their
becoming free, independent* and sovereign. What
these fundamental principles are it would, perhaps,
be more tedious than difiicult to enumerate. They
may* however, bo all comprehended under the fol-
1 owing general heads: protection by the Government,
the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the right to
aoquire and possess property of every kind, and to
pursue and obtain happiness and safety; subject,
nevertheless, to such restraints as tho Government
may justly prescribe for the general pood of the
whole. Theritfhtof a citizen of one State to pass
through or reside in any other State, for purpose
of trade, agriculture, professional pursuits, or other-
wise; to claim the beneiit of the writ of habeas cor-
pus / to institute and maintain actions of any kind m
tho courts of the Stato; to take, hold, and dispose
of property, oithcr real or personal; and an exemp-
tion from higher taxes or impositions than are paid
by the other citizens of tho State, may be mentioned
asSome of the particular privileges and immunities of
citizens, which are clearly embraced by the general
description of privileges deemed to be fundamental;
to which may be added the elective franchise, as
regulated and established by tho laws or constitu-
tion of the State in which it is to be exercised.
"These and many others which might be men-
tioned are, strictly spealring, privileges and immun-
ities; and tho enjoyment of them by the citizens
of each State was manifestly calculatcd (to use the
expression of the preamble of tho corresponding-
provision in the old Articles of Confederation) tho
better to secure and perpetuate mutual lriendship
and intercourse among the people of the different
States of the Union. t
" JBut wo cannot accede to the proposition which
was insisted on by the counsel, that under this pro-
vision of the Constitution tho citizens ^f the several
States are permitted to participate in all the rights
which belong exclusively to the citizens of any other
particular State, merely upon the ground that they
are enjoined by those citizens; much les«, that in
regulating the use of common property of the citi-
zens of bueh St-tte. the Legislature is bound to ex-
tend to the citizens of all the other States tho same
advantages as are secured to their own citizens."
This statement of the privileges and im-
munities of citizenship has been frequently-
used ia this discussion, as though it was a dec-
laration of certain absolute rights; yet it is
obvious enough that it will bear no such con-
