426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
powerless by the fourteenth amendment, and, instead
of the wise and skillful mean? they would have used,
military governments were established and brute
force applied to both governments and society, when
civic authority and moral suasion only could secure
early, permanent, and healthful peace and order."
Now let us see how these much lauded men,
who "had the confidence of both races," suc-
ceeded ; for the gentlemen perhaps forgets
that they were allowed in 1865 and 1860 to try
their hand at "reorganizing the governments,"
" harmonizing the races," and inaugurating
their very peculiar " moral suasion which alone
could secure healthful peace and order." I
will speak of the Mississippi democracy only ;
though they are all alike. The Mississippi
Legislature, well knowing that the colored
men were as free as the legislators themselves,
passed a law that a freedman should not rent
or lease land. That is " the wise and skillful
means" they used to reorganize society anew.
They enacted that every freedman should on
the second Monday of every January have a
lawful home or employment, to be evidenced
by a written license from a mayor or member
of the board of police authorizing him to do
job work, or else by a written contract with
an employer. If any freedman violated this
enforced contract by leaving his employer,
every civil officer was compelled to arrest the
fugitive and return him to his employer. That
was the way the Mississippi Democracy pro-
posed to " harmonize the two races."
They enacted a law to take away from a
poor freedman, against his will, all his minor
children and place them in serfdom until they
became of age; they passed a law that all
freedmen found in the State " with no lawful
employment," or "found unlawfully assem-
bling themselves either in day or night time,"
should be heavily fined, and if unable to pay
the fine they were to be sold out for a length
of time necessary to pay their fine and costs.
They passed a law that no freedman should
keep any gun, or pistol, or bowie-knife unless
be had a written permission to do so, obtained
from the county board of police.
Under the ordnance regulations, in 1865, a
soldier honorably mustered out of the United
States Army was entitled to keep his musket
or rifle by having the sum of eight dollars
stopped from his pay. With the affection which
any soldier feels for the musket he has carried
so long, most of the colored soldiers availed
themselves of this privilege. Yet, in a few
months after they were mustered out and be-
came citizens of the United States and of Mis-
sissippi, 1 have seen those muskets taken from
them and confiscated under this Democratic
law. The United States did not even protect
the soldier in retaining the musket which it
had given him, and which he had borne in its
defense.
And, finally, that Democratic Legislature
enacted against the colored people the old
penal slave code. This is but a sketch of a
few of the acts of the Democracy. It is a
specimen of their vaunted "moral suasion,
which could alone secure healthful peace."
^ The Democracy were tried in 1865 and 1866.
They tried to build up not State governments
so much as systems of serfdom. Slavery hav-
ing been killed by emancipation enforced at
the point of the bayonet, this fossil Democracy
dived down into the dead charnel-house of the
past and tried to build up a system which would
have made the South but the grim skeleton of
butchered slavery.
Admitting all to be truethathas been charged
against the Republican State governments in
the South, they have done nothing so vile or
infamous as the Democratic legislation of 1865
and 1860 here specified. And that same south-
ern Democracy would, if they had their own
way, uutramraeled by law or constitutional
amendment, enact laws against the colored
men of a similar import to-day. The Demo-
cratic leopard has not changed his spots any
more than the Ethiopian freedman his skin.
Among the other lectures which this cov-
enant-keening Democracy read us, they get
up here and charge the Republicans, " by their
oath to support the Constitution," not to pass
what they call this unconstitutional law. What
a spectacle does this present! It is but a few
short years since Democratic members left this
House breathing vengeance and slaughter and
destruction, and threatening to involve Con-
stitution and country in one common ruin ;
and through four years of bloody war they
tried to carry out their designs. Failing in
this, that same Democratic party are back here
again, charging us by the oath which they have
violated to stand by the Constitution and coun-
try which we prevented them from destroying.
Oh, consistency, thou art too rare and costly a
jewel to be spared to Ku Klux and Democrats 1
And Representatives who for four years,
with sword in hand, fought against law ana
Constitution and country are here upon this
floor, with all their sins forgiven, with all their
disabilities removed, unharmed in person or
property, given seats in the highest law-mak-
ing body of the country, and yet clamoring
against this bill to protect loyal citizens, and
inveighing against the Government which has
treated them so generously, and charging upon
it all manner of oppression and crime. Such
men are but monuments, living witnesses of
the clemency of the Government and their
own ingratitude.
And here I do not wish to be misunderstood.
But it is, I think, well known in this Con-
gresses in the last, that our entire Mississippi
delegation are in favor of universal amnesty,
prompt, free, and full. So also is the Repub-
lican party of Mississippi. The rebel soldier
iought us a fair fight, in an open, brave, manly
manner. If he was a conscript, he could not
avoid the confederate service; if he believed
in secession, he showed his American manhood
by_ fighting bravely for it. Rebellion is an
episode of the past, but Ku Ivlux outrages are
a thing of to-day. The rebel soldier was an
open foe: the Ku Ivlux is a secret assassin.
The rebel flung out his flag to the morning sun
on every hill top of the South; the Ku Ivlux
prowls by night in masked attire and fears the
light of day. The policy I advocate is short
and simple: amnesty for every rebel and hang-
ing for every Ivu Klux. I will warrant it
efficacious.
And now a short word as to Mississippi
affairs. Both branches of our State Legisla-
ture have passed a joint resolution calling for
United States troops to enforce law and main-
tain order. For myself, I prefer regular troops
to put down lawlessness. Itdoesnot breedthe
ill-feeling which must result from using militia.
It does not engender the same strife between
neighbors and neighborhoods and counties.
Governor Alcorn has sent for troops without
waiting for legislative action. Whatever other
disagreements may exist between the execu-
tive and legislative departments of Mississippi,
they agree in this. I shall not go into a detailed
statement of the state of affairs in Mississippi;
I have neither time nor inclination to do so.
I might quote as Democratic authority the
Panola Star, which complains of nine mur-
ders in that county in the last few months.
I might read from the issue of the Macon
Beacon of March 22, a prominent Democratic
paper in Mississippi, the following, as a mild
specimen of Ku Klux outbreak against civil-
ization, education, and order:
!'The papers are teeming with accounts of their
midnight exploits. On last Sunday night a party
ot these ghostly intruders rode up to Mr. W. Cole-
man's store, at Aiushulaville, in this county, called
out the clerk, who made his appearance, pistol in
hand at the dooi; the pistol was instantly wrested
ti-om him, an4 ho was forced to le.id them to a bar-
1 ^ whisky, where each one took a. drmk and pro-
ceeded to a new school-house just finished and ready
ior the reception of the pupils. This they burned to
!'\e. ground. They also called out a negro and
whipped him severely ; shot at another, and played
pranks generally in that section."
Or I might denounce, upon both Democratic
and Republican authority, the late cowardly
and infamous assault by masked, armed, and
uniformed Ku Ivlux upon Colonel Hugging,
the United States assessor, whom I know well
to be a kind, courteous, Christian gentleman.
Buttbese things are not to my taste. I do not
like to speak of my own constituents and the
people of my own State from this safe distance.
When I get home I shall speak of these and
other vile outrages as they deserve to be spoken
of. But the Meridian massacre was in my own
district; it has often been alluded to in this
debate, and I cannot, pass it in silence. The
Alabama Ku Klux have made frequent in-
cursions into our State. They participated •
in this bloody massacre at Meridian, invited
(here, as it is understood, by our home Ku
Klux. They had been in that county before
that time. Prior to the late butchery two
colored officials had been murdered. Other
outrages had been committed. But still it wa3
deemed that enough had not been done, and
the bloody work of death culminated in that
infamous scene of riot and blood at Meridian
which can neither be denied, excused, nor
palliated.
I do not care to go into details. One single
statement tells the whole story. One, and per-
haps two white men killed, eight or ten colored
men killed, according to Democratic authority,
while Republicans claim that twenty-five or
thirty have been killed in the streets and shot
or hung in the swamps: and yet among ail this
red list of slaughter you do "not find the name
of a single Democrat. The dead and the
wounded, the maimed and the scourged, are
all, all Republicans. Not even the hair of the
head of a single Democrat was harmed. No
logic and no partisan passion can avail against
this single fact. In this, as in all similar cases,
lying dispatches come up here, claiming that
colored men begin a riot. But when later news
comes it is always found that colored men and
Republicans alone have been killed. The
colored men of Meridian were shot in the
streets and hunted and hung in the swamp.
They fled to the forest, and their path was
lit up by the light of the blazing roof trees of
their lowly cabins, and by the burning church
around which their little homes were clus-
tered. And now the widow and the orphan
and the refugee are scattered far and wide.
The homes so dear to them are desolate and
they dare not return. The church which, with
prayer and toil, they had reared, to the erection
of which I have often seen them giving their
illy-spared mite out of their scanty earnings,
and beneath the heaven pointing spire of which
they have so often gathered to worship God in
their simple way—that too is destroyed. Their
husbands and fathers are slain ; and houseless
and homeless, weary and tired, poor and
hungry, they know not what to do I And yet
gentlemen on the other side say these out-
rages are "got up by Republicans for the
occasion." May God forgive them for the
lying slander upon a stricken people !
Democrats may deny that they are respons-
ible for these outrages ; yet Democrats alone
palliate and excuse them. Democrats alone
secure the blood-stained benefits arising from
the kukluxing of Republicans. History and
public sentiment holds the British Government
responsible for all the atrocities committed
by their Indian allies, from the massacre at
Wyoming valley to the butchery at the river
Raisin. All the savage inhumanities, the
burnings at the" stake, the murder of women,
the tomahawking of babes, allare justly charge-
able to the British Government, who reaped
the benefits of the savage war of their allies
while pretending to disavow their' butcheries.
And the Ivu Klux allies of the Democracy are
not more inhuman than the savages, and the
Democrats are as justly responsible for the
masked Ku Klux as were the British for the
painted savage; nay, more, for they are even
moreintirnately blended; for while every Deni'
