1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Willard.
Ho. of Reps.
struction. It is a declaration of the rights to
which a citizen is entitled wherever he may
go ; but the enumerated rightsare held always
in subordination to the laws of the State in
which he may happen to be. If he commits
murder in a State where that crime is punish-
able with death, he may be visited, upon con-
viction, with that penalty, although he may
he a citizen of a State in which the death pen-
alty is unknown. He may take and hold and
convey property, but this must also be under
and in pursuance of the laws of the State in
which that property is situate. In short, all
that he is entitled to is an equality of privileges
and immunities with the citizens of the State
in which he may happen to be ; and it was be-
cause, and only because, it was clear that the
Dred Scott decision denied a colored man even
that right, by denying that he was or could be
made by law a citizen of the United States,
that the necessity for the first article of the
fourteenth amendment arose.
There is, however, a far higher and better
authority for and definition of the rights which
beloug to a citizen of the United States in the
first section of the "civil rights bill," passed
over President Johnson's veto, in April, 1860.
This is the section :
"That all persons born in the United States and
not subject to any foreign Power, excluding In-
dians not taxed, arc hereby declared to be citizens
of the United States; and such citizens, of every
race and color, without regard to any previous con-
dition of slavery or involuntary servitude, except as
a punishment for crime, whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted, shall have the same right, in
every State and Territory in the United States, to
make and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties an 1
give evidence, to Inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold,
and convey real and personal property, and to full
and equal benefit of ail laws and proceedings for the
security of person and property, as is enjoyed by
whitQ citizens, and shall be subject to like punish-
ment, pains, and penalties, and to none other, any
law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, to
the contrary notwithstanding."
This section, it should be remembered, was
enacted by the same Congress which recom-
mended the adoption of the fourteenth amend-
ment, and is, therefore, the best possible state-
ment of what that amendment was intended
to secure; and no absolute rights are given by
this section except the right to equality of
privileges and immunities under the laws and
the equal protection of the laws. The expres-
sions of the statute are: " the same right in
every State and Territory," &c., and "the
equal benefit of all laws," &e. Can language
be plainer or less susceptible of misapprehen-
sion ?
If further proof were needed that equality
of rights under the laws of the several States
in matters within the jurisdiction of such States
is all that citizenship of the United States was
intended to secure, we might find it in the
platforms of the Republican party from the
first moment of its political existence, as well
as in the debates when the amendment was
being considered by Congress. The negroes
in this country had always been denied equal-
ity of right with white persons to life, liberty,
and property by the laws in many States of
the Union. The Republican party demanded
that equality, and adopted the fourteenth
amendment to make it finally and forever se-
cure ; and the}-deemed they had made it sure,
and I believe they did make it sure, when they
put into the organic law the declaration that—
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subjectto the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside."
By that declaration every person, white and
black, was clothed with the privileges and im-
munities of citizens of the United States ; but
the character of that citizenship, its privileges
and immunities, were in no respect changed,
or enlarged, or limited, except, probably, by
the provision of the same section that no State
shall "deprive any person"—which, of course,
includes citizens—"of life, liberty, or property
withoutdue process of law." Before the four-
teenth amendment was ratified no State could
rightfully "abridge the privileges or immun-
ities of citizens of the United States," or deny
to any citizen " within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws ; " and in that respect
the amendment added nothing to the rights
belonging to citizenship; and whatever may
have been added to the character of citizen-
ship by the prohibition on the States (before
only a prohibition on the General Govern-
ment) from depriving "any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of
law " is not at all involved in the bill before
the House.
In fact, I do not regard the amendment as
having accomplished much, and there was no
need that it should accomplish much, for citi-
zens of the United States. Its great value
consists in bringing within the ranks of citi-
zenship those whom the Dred Scott decision,
in the interests of slavery and of the grossest
inequality and injustice, had declared were
not citizens of the United States, and could
not be made such except by a constitutional
amendment. To these persons it gave the
same rights and the same protection which
before it had given to citizens, by declaring
them to be citizens. Having declared them
to be free by the thirteenth amendment, by
the fourteenth "amendment the people made
provision that freedom should carry with it
the rights of freedom, and that the States
should, by no device of partial or unequal
legislation, or by the partial and unequal ad-
ministration of tho laws, make that freedom
valueless. These are now the great and sol-
emn guarantees of liberty and equal rights,
the truths of the grand Declaration of Inde
pendence made facts in our history, and made
sure by our fundamental law.
But we should never forget that, with the
exception of such limitations as have been
created by the new amendments, the States
exist with the same exclusive powers, the same
sovereignty within their spheres, as before.
They cannot make men slaves. They cannot
deny them citizenship or the equal protection
of the laws. They cannot abridge their right
to vote on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude. These personal rights
are forever placed beyond the power of " State
rights" to assail, and are forever placed within
the power of the General Government, by
necessary and proper legislation, to protect.
But the legislation must not only be "neces-
sary," but "proper;" for the courts have
already decided—and they could not have
decided otherwise—that "appropriate legisla-
tion" means "necessary and proper legisla-
tion;" and it cannot be "proper" legislation
unless it is scrupulously within the provisions
of the Constitution. If the fourteenth amend-
ment were all there was of the Constitution, it
might, perhaps, be fairly claimed that Congress
might order any measures which the majority
would vote for to enforce the provisions of
that article. It might, by legislation, declare
that some other person should be President
than General Grant: that criminals should be
tried without a jury; that freedom of speech
and the press should be abridged; that the
Protestant religion should be the religion of
the State. But the provision of the fourteenth
amendment which I am now considering does
not abrogate, nor modify, nor in any way
change the previous Constitution. It only au-
thorizes Congress to extend its previous power
of legislation, with the limitations and restric-
tions under which it before acted, so far as may
be necessary and proper in order to secure to
this new class of citizens the same protection
it could before give to those then recognized
as citizens. That, in my judgment, is all there
is of it, and all that was contemplated in
adopting it.
What, in this view of the amendment, and
in face of the facts that have recently been
shown to us, ought to be done? Clearly this:
the President, who is charged under the Con-
stitution with the execution of the laws, ought
to and will see that the laws we now have are
enforced. There is already on our statute-
books this law, passed at the second session
of the last Congress :
"That if two or more persons shall band or eon*
spire together, or go in disguise upon the public
highway, or upon the premises of another, with
intent to violate any provision of tins act, or to
injure, oppress, threaten, or intimidate any citizen
with intent to prevent or hinder his freo exercise
and enjoyment of any right or privilege granted or
secured to him by the Constitution or laws of the
United States, or because of his having exercised
the same,such persons shall beheld guilty of felony,
and, on conviction thereof, shall be lined or impris-
oned, or both, at the discretion of the court—the
line not to exceed $5,000, and the imprisonment not
to exceed ten years—and shall, moreover, be there-
after ineligible to and disabled from holding any
office or place of honor, profit, or trust created by
the Constitution or laws of the United States."
I have thought, and still think, this statute is
broad enough to cover everything that this bill
now declares to be an offense ; that under it
every citizen of the United States has all the
security for his rights as such citizen that Con-
gress can give him by any new enactment ;
that if this law rigidly enforced does not secure
to the Union people of the South the equal pro-
tection of the laws, and equal security of life
and property under the laws, we cannot frame
a law which will give them that security. I
do not understand, however, that any attempt
has been made anywhere to enforce this law.
Whether this neglect has occurred from the
fact that the prosecuting officers have been
unable to obtain proof of offenses, or have
had doubts whether the violence now exist-
ing in many parts of the South was a crime
within the provisions of the statute; or whether
the real trouble at the South lies deeper, and
is one that laws cannot reach or cure until the
people of the South, tired and sick of violence
and outrage and murder, shall themselves arrest
the madness that now seems to have posses-
sion of some portions of that region so recently
ravaged by the fierce passions of war, I can-
not say. It is possible that the bill before the
House, by reason of its greater detail in enum-
erating acts that are declared to be offenses,
may reach some acts of violence and outrage
not easily brought within the condemnation of
the present law, and if it does, it will to that
extent have a beneficial operation; and if it
fails, it wili be the fault of the Constitution and
not the fault of Congress, for it goes to the
utmost verge of constitutional power.
Congress should not only declare, as is de-
clared in this bill, that invasions of the right
of a citizen of the United States to the equal
protection of the laws under which he lives
and to the same privileges and immunities as
are enjoyed by other citizens are a crime
against the United States, but it should pro-
vide for the enforcement of such a law ; and
this bill does that. As first reported, the
measure, in its military features, was open to
very serious constitutional objections ; but the
amendment now proposed by the committee
is so far a modification of the bill in that par-
ticular that, to my mind, the same objections
cannot be fairly urged against the measure in
its present shape. It is true we give the Pres-
ident power to use the whole military force of
tho Republic; but he is to use it in a constitu-
tional way, and only to suppress a rebellion
against the authority of the United States.
\\hile the officials, the courts, and the laws of
the United States, including the law we are
now enacting, are respected and unobstructed,
he cannot use the military power. When the
authority of the United States is resisted he
may use force to overcome that resistance;
and when that resistance amounts to rebellion
and war he may do what the President was
