1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
ocrat ia not a Ku Klux yet every Ku Klux is
a Democrat. And more than that, Representa-
tives are here upon this floor reaping the ben-
efit of Ku Klux outrage and overawing and
intimidating influence! Voted for, worked for
by every Ku Klux in their districts, is it strange
t hat they feel in duty bound to prevent, if they
can, the passage of this bill by every means in
their power?
The Opposition have dealt heavily in asser-
tions and denunciations against the Repub-
lican party, and especially against southern
Republicans. Eveu the very able and, gener-
ally, very courteous gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] makes a stump speech which would
delight any half-way reasonable Ku Klux; and
lie particularly denounces the "carpet-bag-
gers," as he is pleased to denominate those
who settled in the South from the North. I
did expect such puerilities from certain other
gentlemen, but not from him. It seems to me
that one who brought his fillibeg and empty
sporran all the way from Scotland to Ken-
tucky might pardon a native citizen who sim-
ply removes from one part of his country to
another.
I came to Mississippi during the war. I
came beneath the conquering flag of my coun-
try, upholding and sustaining it. I live in
Mississippi because I have the right to do so ;
and no one can gainsay it. And if I had only
been there eight months, instead of eight years,
my right would be the same. All that I have is
in Mississippi. My property and my interests
are there. There my hopes of the future are cen ■
tered. I rejoice in her rejoicings, ind sympa-
thize in her sorrows. In the happy and pros-
perous days which 1 think and hope are coming
to Mississippi in the not far distant future,
under the auspices of peace and order, I
shall claim my share of her gladness and her
prosperity ; and if, which God avert, sorrow
and disaster should come to Mississippi,though
with bowed head and sorrowing heart, yet will
I not shrink from bearing her cross. And to
those who talk of driving me and mine out of
the State, I tell them that my foot is as firm
as was the foot of ^IcGregor when he trod his
native heath.
Other members of the Opposition try another
tack, and are sometimes inclined to be sooth-
ing, and tell us in dulcet tones of the peace
and order now reigning in the South. Listen
to the harmonious voice of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. WhiithornbJ while he tells
us that—
"The whole country is in a state of peace; no
more disorder at the South than in the North; no
more of murder, no more of arson, no more of
robbery, no more of larceny, no more of outrages,
committed by persons in disguise."
Oh, sweet beatitude! Oh, thrice blessed,
peaceful plysium of Memphis! The niillen
niuni has arrived 1 The Prince of Peace has
surely come to reign among the sweet Ku
Klux lambs of Tennessee! I congratulate the
happy Representatives of that peaceful people.
I wish that all this were, indeed, true. I
would that I could believe it. The gentleman
with his fertile imagination traces the pictuie
as he arid I would wish it, but he traces it in
fancy's glowing dyes; but to me stern truth
paints it in darker hues and gives it a more
somber coloring, and the pages whereon is
written the history of reconstruction in Ten-
nessee are black with crime and red with
blood.
Behold the dark deeds in North and South
Carolina, proved and established by the testi-
mony taken. Colored men have been made
the especial objects of Ku Klux vengeance.
They have been driven from home, their cab-
ins and their school-houses burned, their litt.le
possessions destroyed, and they themselves
have been shot in the highway and hunted like
wild beasts in the swamp; guilty of no crimp,
charged with no offense except loyalty and
Republicanism, violating no law, and yet they
are scourged and shot and hung by the infa-
mous klan because God had made them black
and Republicans had made them free.
Why do we hesitate to protect them? How
much longer shall we wait,? Every breeze that
blows from the South wafts to our dull ears
the stories of outrage and of wrong. When
the Waldenses, persecuted on account of their
religion, were slaughtered among their native
Alps, in a far-off land, blind John Milton stirred
the iron heart of Cromwell and all the Com-
monwealth of England into action by-his stern
lyric:
"Avenge, 0 Lordl Thy slaughtered saints, whose
bones
Lie scattered on the Alpine mountains cold."
Oh, for a tongue or pen like his, which could
arouse this nation from its "constitutional"
timidity and stir it up to duty!
Gentlemen are opposing this bill on con-
stitutional grounds who claimed they had a
legal constitutional right to secede and set up
the confederate government, and yet they hold
that this law to protect citizens of the United
States by United States authority is against
that Constitution, which in the interests of
rebellion has been so widely interpreted ; and
others of the Opposition ransack the archives
of the past, and with labored effort make long
speeches to prove that this Govern meut can-
not protect its citizens ; but the people are not
to be deceived by all the musty lore of the
past, nor by all the cobwebbed precedents
they may rake out of the dust of ages, and
which are not precedents at all in a case like
this. The people know that the people must
be protected ; that the Constitution is created
for the people, not the people for the Consti-
tution ; and I would rather trust the clear,
honest, simple judgment of the people than
that of any legal quibbler who ever split a con-
stitutional hair on either side of this House.
I would rather have the judgment of the peo-
ple than that of all the Democratic jurists,
from Chief Justice Taney down.
Gentlemen may talk of "the theory of our
Government" and quote sage but obsolete
precedents of constitutional law, (often obso-
lete because of the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments,) they may bring up against this
bill their obscure maxims, but there is an old
maxim of law, yes, and of statesmanship, too,
which no one will gainsay, which is better,
broader, and higher than all others, and which
should be written in lines of living light all
over every free republic of the people : Salus
pojmti supremci est lex—the safety of the peo-
ple should be the supreme law ; and I hope
that this House will declare under our Con-
stitution that the safety of the people shall be
the supreme law. This Government is of the
people, by the people, and for the people, and
every right of the lowliest citizen must be pro-
tected, or our much-vaunted Government and
Constitution is a miserable failure.
I yield to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Beatty.]
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, since the
time of George III our people have not been
partial to either kings or emperors ; in fact the
Democracy of Ohio have been especially hos-
tile to them. Just as our theater-goers like to
see an imaginary Richard killed, they like to
see an imaginary despot excoriated until his
blood would tingle, if he had blood to tingle;
and when my colleague from the thirteenth
district, [Mr. Morgan,] who, I regret to see,
is not present, manufactures an emperor of
straw, and then thoroughly exposes the secret
and damnable machinations of his heart, they
are ready to throw up their hats and shout for
joy. Those who enjoy these perfoimarices most
will rejoice in that sublime devotion to Dem-
ocratic institutions which prompted my col-
league to exclaim, as he did the other day in
the opening of this discussion :
"Su, in a free government the approaches of
despotism nre always stealthy. The usurper does
not at first, proclaim his purposes, lie incases his
iron hand in a silken glove, lie advances step by
step until a too confiding people, with their rights,
lio prostrate at his feet."
Again, we are told ;
" It was but a few years ago when Louis Napoleon
appeared in the French Assembly as a representa-
tive of republican principles bordering upon license.
He was_ a republican deputy. Time passed, and,
pretending to advocate the cause of the people, he
became a candidate for tho otfice of prince presi-
dent. Ho was elected. Time went on, and after
being a republican deputy and prince president,
backed by half a million bayonets, he became a
candidate for emperor, universal suffrage having
been first proclaimed; and by the bayonet he was
elected to the throne.
"He then proclaimed asentimentintended to de-
ceive_ tho people of Europe and of the world. What
was it? 'L'empirc c'est la paix.' And it is omin-
ous, sir, that our President adopted the Napoleonic
motto in four other words, 'Let us have peace;'
and while uttering it he ordered armed columns and
gun-boats against tho cities of New York and Phila-
delphia to teach a free people how to vote!"
My colleague has unhappily one infirmity.
He has despot on the brain. His disordered
fancy beholds kings, emperors, and despots
lurking in every bush, hiding in every corner.
The uneasy heads of these royal phantoms
will not rest, cannot be put down, and will
not be scared away even by speeches well cal-
culated to annihilate ordinary mortals.
President Grant, as he was authorized to do
by law, sent a regiment, less or more, to New
York and Philadelphia, not " to teach a free
people how to vote," but to sustain, if need be,
the civil authorities in their effort to see that a
free people were not denied the right to vote
by lawless and drunken mobs. The presence
of the troops simply preserved peace and order
where hitherto on election days there had been
disorder and bloodshed. They sought to in-
fluence no man's vote, were not permitted to
mingle with and speak to the voters, were there
simply to aid, if necessary, the civil authorities
in execution of the laws; and when their duty
in this regard was performed they departed, as
orderly and quietly as they came. No man
was hurt, no man molested, no man prevented
the free and untrammeled exercise of all his
rights.
To show the absurdity of the extract just
read, and the necessity winch existed for send-
ing the troops to which my colleague refers, I
will insert in my remarks a brief extract from
the report of the select committee on New
York election frauds, and permit the world
to judge whether the President does not de-
serve the thanks of all peaceful and honest
men, when, in strict conformity with law, lie
sought to strengthen the arm of the local au-
thorities in their effort to preserve the purity
of the ballot-box and prevent a repetition of
crimes and disorders disgraceful alike to the
cities m which they were perpetrated and to
republican institutions everywhere:
" If thecommitteehad devotedthewholetime from
their appointment to tho close of tins Congress it
would not have been possible to ascertain or to take
testimony to prove the number of persons who voted
more than once in eacti of these three hundred and
forty districts, in all of which there were cast at the
presidential election in November, 1868, lo(i,060 votes,
a number nearly as great as all the votes cast in six
of the States of the union, and larger than the vote
of any one of twenty-one ot the Slates east at the
same election. All that could be done was to prove,
as the evidence does, that an organized syatem was
perfected and carried into effect, by members of tho
Democratic party, to register many thousands of
names, fictitious or assumed, and then to vote on
them by hundieds of peisous voting from two to
forty times each tor the Democratic candidates.
"Headquarters were established indifferent local-
ities ot the city, books made with duplicate lists of
names, opposite to each of whicn were placed a
number and street as a residence.
"On the 30th and 31st of October, when only two
days intervened until the day of the election, gangs
or bodies ot men hired for the purpose assembled
at these headquarters, where they were furnished
with names and numbers, and, under a leader or
eapta.in, they went out in ones and twos and threes
and tens and dozens, in nearly every part ot the
city, i e^isterui'4 many times each; and when the day
of election eaine these repeaters, supplied abun-
dantly v\nh intoxicating diinks, and changing eoats,
bat*, or caps, as occasion reumred, to avoid lecog-
nitiun oi detection, commenced the work of' vor.ng
early and often;' and this was earned on by the^e
vagabonds until, wearied and drunken, night closed
on the stupendous fraud which their depravity U'jd
perpetrated.
