190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Api-il 3,
Ho. of Eeps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Buckley.
42d Coxg...Jst Sess.
authorized to do in the last rebellion, put it
down.
I am as reluctant as any Republican, and
in principle perhaps as reluctant as any Dem-
ocrat, in confiding unusual power to one man,
whether that man be a Republican or a Dem-
ocrat, a President or a private citizen. But
the solemnly emphatic admonitions we have
had, in every variety of rhetoric, from the
other side of this Chamber during the eight
days of this debate, respecting the dangers of
irresponsible power, have, after all, affected me
but little, as I suspect that much of the ex-
treme sensitiveness of Democratic members
respecting this measure is owing to the prob-
ability that if it hurts anybody it will hurt
Democrats. The ruffians who are making the
lives and property of Onion men in the South
insecure are working, some of them avowedly
and all of them really, in the interest of that
Democracy which hates the great act of eman-
cipation, and is yet bitterly hostile to every
guarantee of the Constitution which gives to
the negro the title-deed to his freedom with the
highest and most solemn covenants of war-
ranty ; of that Democracy which avows its pur-
pose, if it obtains power, to use it with the
spirit and in the interests of the rebellion which
but recently went down before the battle array
of more than two million armed men fighting
for liberty for all; of that Democracy which
could never see a constitutional objection to
securing the rights of the slaveholder, as it now
cannot see any constitutional guarantee of the
liberties and rights of the emancipated slave.
It is but natural, it becomes a party necessity,
that Democrats should oppose this legislation.
They are in this faithful to their southern allies.
But if the United States leaves theso emanci-
pated slaves and these Union men, while it
has the constitutional power to protect them,
to the bullet, the torch, and the scourge of
midnight conspirators and banded murderers,
it will show to the world the saddest spectacle
of our times, the spectacle of a great Republic
refusing to do what it. can to make liberty
something more than a name, and equal rights
something more substantial than a party catch-
word.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
KPJWECIJ Otf HON. ('. W. BUCKLEY,
01' AI.AHAMA,
In the IIouhb of Rkimikkkxtatives,
April s, 1871.
The Uouso having uudor consideration tho bill
(11. it. No.aai) to vnt'uice tho provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, anil for other purposes—-
Mr. 13UC1CL1SY said:
Mr. Si'kakhr: I enter into this discussion
with no desire to misrepresent the condition
of affairs in the South. Willi her people I
have made my home, among them 1 expect to
live, to labor, and to die. I will not know-
ingly do injustice to whole communities or to
th« people of entire States. 1 have no dispo-
sition to charge upon the whole what is justly
chargeable to a part only of the people of the
South; for the less of disorder, of lawless-
ness, of crime, of murder found there the less
will be the deep humiliation and pain I shall
experience in exposing it. The less the wrong
the easier will it be to restore the right, and
the milder will be the remedy required to
suppress existing evils. But, while seeking
to avoid misrepresentation and exaggeration,
nothing shall deter me fioin presenting the
facts and the iruth.
Nor do 1 give my hearty support to the pend-
ing bill for mere party purposes, or advocate
its passage in a partisan spirit. There is some-
thing far higher than party supremacy involved.
The charge has been made day after day, and
several times a day, on the other side of the
House, that this bill originates in a desire to
perpetuate the ascendency of the Republican
party at the South. In giving my support to
this bill I disavow any such purpose. So far
as I am concerned, the charge is false; and 1
do not hesitate to declare that the charge is
equally false as to all the Republican mem-
bers on this floor from the South, the very
members who are supposed to be the most
deeply interested in securing the passage of
this bill. There is something involved here
transcending party issues and party schemes,
and calling upon us for the calmest, and coolest
deliberation and the broadestand ablest states-
manship. The proposed legislation is not in-
tended to be partisan in its beneficent opera-
tions. It is not to protect Republicans only
in their property, liberties, and lives, but Dem-
ocrats as well, not the colored only, but the
whites also ; yes, even women and children,
all races and all classes, will be benefited alike,
because we are simply contending for good
government aud righteous laws.
I confess, sir, that I do not look upon the
state of affairs at the South with as little con-
cern as some of my own party even who sit
around me. Whenever my mind dwells upon
this subject it becomes filled with the gravest
apprehensions; and i ask myself repeatedly,
"Do tho facts imperatively demand the pro
posed legislation at our hands'."' and as re-
peatedly do I strive, in view of my account-
ability to those whom I have the honor to
represent here, to answer the question truth-
fully aud without prejudice.
What, then, are the facts? If these secret,
oath-bound organizations exist, committing in
disguise and under the cover of darkness the
horrid crimes alleged, what is the cause of
their existence, or, in other words, what is the
philosophy of Kulriuxism? In what does it
have its origin, and what is the remedy under
the Constitution? I prefer to invite the atten-
tion of the House to these questions rather
than enter into a constitutional argument on
the pending bill.
- Mr. Speaker, 1 have constantly voted against
every resolution to adjourn, because I have
been strongly of the opinion that this Con-
gress would be recreant to a most sacred duty
it' it permitted this session to close without
doing something to protect the property, the
liberty, and the lives of citizens in the South.
I have held all tho time that Congress has now
sufficient information to warrant immediate
action in the direction proposed. What, sir,
is the information regarding the state of affairs
in the South now before Congress? What are
the facts? I will state tho case. We know
already that in certain counties and communi-
ties at the South the spirit of rebellion is yet
alive. It is not, it is true, armed rebellion,
smiting down the Government, but it is the
animating, life-giving spirit of rebel lion, power-
ful in numbers and strong in its political influ-
ence. It still defies the national authority, sets
at naught the laws of the country, and tram-
ples upon the natural and political rights of
our fellow citizens. The United States mails
are stopped ; route agents are shot dead while
assorting the mails, and others are driven from
their routes.
Your revenue officers are resisted and
scourged and driven from their homes and
families and out of the country. The places
where this spirit prevails are black with the
foulest crimes which have disfiguted the daik
annals of human wickedness, and at whose
recital the civilized wot id stands aghast. In
certain communities lawlessness is widespread
and on the iucrease. Crimes are fearfully
common. The value of human life is disre-
garded. Murderers go unpunished. Men sen-
tenced to undergo punishment in expiation of
their crimes are, at the dead hour of the
night, released by a band of armed and dis-
guised men. Terrorism reigns. The appre-
hension of violence prevents good men from
arresting the evils they see. The Greensboro
Beacon, a Democratic journal, of January 28,
1871, states the case as follows :
"There is a spirit of lawlessness abroad in our land
which is fearful to contemplate. No man who reads
the papers can be ignorant of the fact. It i.-; wide-
spread aud on the increase. In many communi-
ties, and especially those m which the vice of intem-
perance piovails, men aie to be found who appear
to attach no more importance to human life than
does the butcher to the life of the bullock.
" .So ditlioiilt is U to have a man convicted of niur-
dt r, o.-puoially if ho can command the means of pay-
ink' his counsel a largo tee, that the crime has be-
come in many sections of our land fearfully common,
'i'he strong probability of escape greatly increases
tho catalogue ot crimes, and especially of murders.
" Notonly have personal difficulties—resultiugfre-
quently in death to one or more persons—become
frightfully common, but in some localities seoret
organizations have been gotten up, whose mission it
is to punish tho.so who are looked upon by these selt-
cunsLituted judges aud jurois as bad men, and scl eon
from justice those who are looked upon as innocent
of the charges preferred against them. Carrying out
these purposes, men m legal custody, who may have
been tiled by tile of laws the land, found guilty,
and sentenced to undergo a certain amount ot pun-
ishment in expiation ot theircrunes, are at the dead
hour of the night released by a band of men armed
and in disguise, and turned loose upon society to
commit other crimes as occasion offers. Such cases
are by no means rare.
" So great is this spirit of lawlessness in many sec-
tions of the country, that there is very little protec-
tion afforded to the rights ot person or of property.
An apptehension of bringing upon themselves tho
vengeanecof those lawless bands prevents good cit-
izens from making an elfort to an est evils which are
telling tearfully on the best interests of society."
Sir, 1 have said that this is the spirit of
rebellion. I do not mean that the life of' the
nation is threatened with open, armed lebel-
lion. We have just demonstrated our terrible
power to resist and subdue a rebellion, that
would have defied the skill or might of every
European monarchy or empire. Our repub-
lican form of government has shown itself to
be the strongest and the safest form of earthly
power, the best able to meet a terrible crisis,
to rally, to concentrate men and means for the
most arduous conflicts, and to carry on war uii-
equaled in vastness and difficulty, with united,
conscious, definite, and irresistible purpose.
I do not, therefore, fear organized, open rebel-
lion. Our dangercomes fiom another source,
which 1 will shortly point out. Nor do I fear
attempted secession. In the fervor of our
recent conflict we have come to the full con-
sciousness of our national unity. That we are
and must remain one nation is the settled con-
viction of the people. One Government must
occupy the heart of this continent, stretching
from the ocean of storms to the ocean of calms.
The integrity of the Union is now written upon
the heart of the nation ; it is the animating
idea of our nationality ; lor it men will live
and die, it' need be, as men have lived and died
before us
Washington in his Farewell Address told
us that the "Union was the palladium of our
political safety and prosperity." The war has
tauglu the South the truthfulness of this say-
ing. The States which attempted to dismem-
ber our sacred Union see and realize, as never
before, lliat the very topography of the coun-
try forbids separation ; that the very course of
mountain ranges prohibits a division between
North and South. The physical character-
istics of the country, the laws of commerce,
the historic laws guiding the growth of States,
the common bond of language, literature, and
race, and the general interests of the country
in relation to foreign Powers, all point to
national unity as the only feasible eud ; all
unite in proclaiming that God is the master-
builder of our Union. We need fear, there-
fore, no future attempt at secession.
But a new danger threatens us in a new
form. Having put down a gigantic rebellion,
can we now escape the horrors of anarchy ill
