428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
"With all the concealment which cunning could
anveat or perjury seeure, or bribery purchase, or
the fear of punishment inspire, or the dread of vio-
lence from bands of conspirators and Democratic
•desperadoes could command, or the blandishments
<of more accomplished knaves could entice, or the
hope of office could buy, or fear of the loss of place
co\iid bring, all of which would naturally conspire
to throw obstacles in the way of or defeat the invest-
igation of the committee, it is by no means possible
that the extent of these frauds has been revealed
©762 in any one ward; butthis may be approximated
from the proof as to election districts in various
parts of the city, and by statistical tables showing
the voting population at previous periods, with the
average increase in those periods, from which the
actual voting population ot 1868 may be commuted
with reasonable certainty." A A * •*
"It has already been shown that illegal or fraudu-
lent certificates of naturalization were issued, prob-
ably to the extent of 6S.343, on most of which votes
xvere cast, and the 'repeaters' cast many thousand
illegal votes in addition." * * * * *
"Challenging illegal voters was so far prevented by
terrorism and violeoce that it was of rare occurrence
either at tho registry or on the day of the election,
and in many districts no challenges were made. It
would be impracticable here to describe fully the
means resorted to to prevent challenges, but they
are abundantly shown in the evidence."
In the light of these facts, and the volume
of sworn testimony by which they are verified,
how puerile indeed appear the suggestions of
the gentleman in reference to the aspirations
of the President. My colleague says:
"The power proposed by this bill to be conferred
on the President is despotic. It is to place him on a
footing with the Czar, the Sultan, and the Mogul."
What sort of footing the Czar, Sultan, and
the Mogul are on the honorable gentleman did
not stop to explain, but the footing which the
Republican members of this House propose
to place the President on, if I understand the
tenor of their speeches and the scope and
bearing of the bill and amendments under dis-
cussion, is a footing which will enable him to
suppress disorder, violence, and bloodshed,
and protect the citizen in the enjoyment of his
constitutional rights. Is it for this reason that
the legislation proposed strikes terror to the
hearts of the Ku Kiux Democracy of the South
and arouses the iudiguation of Democratic
leaders everywhere?
The object of the Republican members of
Congress, so far as I know, is to prevent
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, and
criminal obstruction of legal process:
To put down insun ection, domestic violence, un-
lawful combinations, or conspiracies. To secure to
all men, white and black, the" inalienable rights of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."
To give to all the equal protection of the
laws. This is the scope and tenor ol' the bill
and amendments under consideration. Do gen
tlemen cry out because they fear jus'ice will
be done to them and their constituents? Is it
the fear that the halter will draw which gives
them so poor an opinion of the law ? Is there
anything in the proposed legislation to make
my colleague wax hot and exclaim—
"Bo you intend to break down all the barriers
which protect your constituents ; to place the Pres-
ident above the Constitution, ana announce to the
world that this is a Government of force and not, of
law?"
Surely not. We propose simply to have a
govemmentof both force and law; forceguided
by law. We propose to raise up barriers to !
protect our constituents in the enjoyment of I
their constitutional rights and privileges. We i
propose to leave the President where he is, I
under the Constitution, the executor of the '
laws and the servant of the people. We pro- I
pose to clothe him with full power to protect j
the weak, preserve the peace, maintain order, !
and "put down unlawful combinations to
overthrow or set at defiance the constituted
authorities of the States." If he abuses the
trust, the people through their Representatives
in Congress will impeach him, will expel him
from the Executive Mansion, and make him
as powerless for harm as tho poorest beggar
on the street. The President is required by
the Constitution to " take care that the laws
are faithfully executed." We propose simply
to enable him to discharge the duty imposed
on him by the Constitution; nothing less,
nothing more.
My colleague thinks the Constitution does
not authorize such legislation. In the opin-
ion of our Democratic friends the Constitution
forbade the coercion of rebel States, the sup -
pression of the rebellion, the preservation of
the Union, and the emancipation of the slave.
It is not strange, therefore, that they should
now find constitutional objections to any inter-
ference on the part of the General Govern-
ment for the suppression of treasonable organ-
izations, and the protection of loyal citizens in
the enjoyment of their constitutional rights
and privileges.
I quote from my colleague's speech in refer-
ence to this point:
"_jSTow, sir, I deny that there is in the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of the
United States any power conferred which authorises
the President to use the Army, the Navy, and the
militia against the people of a State without having
been first called upon by the Legislature, or theG-ov-
ernor of that State, there being no time to convene
the .Legislature. The fourteenth article of amend-
ments, under which itisclaimedby the advocates of
this(bill that this power is given, is as follows:
" 'No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge theprivilegesorimmunitiesof citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law.'
" Is there any power conferred there, unless it be
to go into the courts for redress against a violation
of these rights?"
Itwill be observed that in his anxiety to make
out, his case he fails to quote the Constitution
fairly, by omitting the concluding paragraph of
section one, article fourteen, which reads as
follows:
"Nor deny to aiiy person within its jurisdiction
the eauai protection of tho laws."
That is to say, the Constitution declares
that—
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the eaual protection of the laws."
Now, certain States have denied to persons
within their jurisdiction the equal protection
of the laws. The proof on this point is volum-
inous and unquestionable. It consists of the
sworn testimony of ministers of the Gospel
who have been scourged because of their polit
ical opinions, of humble citizens who have
been whipped and wounded for the same rea-
son, of learned judges within whose circuits
men were murdered, houses were burned,
women were outraged,'men were scourged,
and officers of the law shot down; and the
State made no successful effort to bring the
guilty to punishment or afford protection or
redress to the outraged and innocent. The
State, from lack of power or inclination, prac-
tically denied the equal protection of the law
to these persons, it is to remedy this evil
and cover these proscribed and outraged cit-
izens with the shield of the Constitution that
we propose to authorize the President to send
military aid to the local authorities in these
lawless sections. As to our constitutional right
to do this, I cannot do better than read from a
speech of my learned colleague from the sev-
enth district, [Mr. Shellabarger:]
"2Iy answer is that tho President may, under such
circumstances, send military aid ; and to m<ike this
answer complete, I now again go back to the first
section of the fourteenth article. Tnat section pro-
vides two things which I wish to notice. The first
provision is that—
" 'So State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge tho privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States/
" This provision requires that the laws on their
face shall not' abridge' the privileges 01- immunities
of citizens. It secures equ-ility toward all citizens
on the lace of the law. It provides that those rights
shall not be 'abridged;' m other wolds, that one
man shall nut have more rights upon the tace of the
laws than another man. By that pruvision equality
ot legislation, so far as it affects the rights of citi-
zenship, is secured. .But the section does not stop
u r0u T contains two other provisions, only one of
whiehl need now notice. It provides;
Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law, nor
deny to any person within its jurisdiction the eaual
protection ot the laws.'
"The laws must be, first, equal, in not abridging
rights; and second, the States shall equally protect,
under equal laws, all persons in them, 'therefore!
under the provisions ol the fourteenth amendment!
when these clauses are putin juxtaposition, in order
to bring the idea together, Congress shall have
power to make and enforce all proper legislation
which shall be necessary to require of the States
that they shall not abridge the rights ol citizenship,
and also that they shall protect all persons equally.
Rothing can be plainer. The thing is so absolutely
self-evident that it admits of no entorcement by
argument. Two things are provided—equal laws
and protection for all; and whenever a State denies
that protection Congress may by law enforce pro-
tection. The amendment does not say that in such
case the laws ot Congress must be made so that the
protection cannot be furnished to the people until
it is invited by the Legislature or Executive ot the
very State which is denying it. To say in such a
ease as that that Congress cannot protect until it, is
invited to protect by the State, which is doing the
mischief, which is making the denial, is to attribute
absurdity to the provision."
It is true, as my colleaguge from the thir-
teenth district [Mr. Morgan] has affirmed,
that General Halleck while admitting, "that
there may be special organizations of outlaws
in particular localities under the name of Ku
Kiux," denies the necessity for military inter-
ference ; but this after all is simply the opinion
of one man, whose judgment may have been
biased very naturally by social intercourse
with wealthy and educated rebel sympathizers,
who_control public opinion and manufacture
public sentiment in his military district. His
simple statement, therefore, cannot invalidate
the lact patent to all eyes, sworn to by hosts
of witnesses, corroboraied by thousands of well-
authenticaied outrages, susta.ned bj the indel-
ible scars of those who have been scoiuged
a.nd maimed, that in certain seciions of the
South freedom of speech and of political action
is no longer toleiated.
There may, indeed, be States in the South
not cursed by this proscriptive spirit, where
oath bound murderers and scourgers do not
mtet 111 conclave to j ass sentence upon in-
offensive men. it may be true, as Governor
Warmoth says, that in Louisiana there is '"a
growing spnit of harmony and good-will." It
is probable that Governor Clayton spoke truth-
fully of Arkansas when he said that "law and
order, ptace and security reign throughout, our
borders 5 but you cannot prove there was no
shedding of innocent blood by armed Ku Kiux
111 Mississippi by showing ihat Arkansas is
peaceful, lou cannot wipe out the damning
record of Ku Kiux outrages m North Carolina
by showing that there is a growing spirit of
harmony m Louisiana. You cannot prove that
men have not been murdered, scourged, and
outraged in one section upon the decree of an
organization whose sole object is ihe intimida-
tion or death of their political opponents, by
evidence that in certain other sections the Ku
•Kiux Klan is unknown. In the trial of a
criminal you do not summon as witnesses those
who did not see him committhe offense alleged;
you call those who did. It is by the mouth of
these last that the fact is established. My col-
league [Air. Morgan] says, in reference to the
South:
" Mr. Speaker, no gentleman upon this floor will
deny that one month alter the close of the war peace
and security existed from Maine to the ltio Graude.
I trait lor a repiy.^ No gentleman contradicts my
statement; but I will produce uiyauthority, it letttr
written May 25,1865, by General Sherman to Colonel
Bowman. He says:
"*Xdo want peace and security, and the return to
law and justice trom Maine to the Rio Grande; and
it it does not exist now, sub.-tanually, it is for state
reasons beyond my comprehension.5
I hold in my hand another authority, for which
my iriends on the other side will have respect. It
is a report made on the 22d of July, 1865, and signed
u. b. Grant, Lieutenant General/ General Grant
says:
" \Grcneral Lee's great influence throughout tho
whole south caused his example to be followed, and
to-day the result is that the armies lately under
his leadership are at their homes, de&iring peace
and quiet, and their arms are m the hands of our
ordnance officers/
"lie says that the armies of the confederacy were
at theirhomes, desiring 'peace andquier/ and 'their
arms are in the hands of our ordnance officers/
