192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bucldey.
42d Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
press that shapes and molds the opinions and
thought of this country. It controls almost
everything. The American people are a read-
ing people, and their country abounds in news-
papers. Hence here the press is almost omnip-
otent, as if is almost ubiquitous. But at the
South we have to lament the bitterness and
license of some of our public journals. This
very writer, himself an editor, says:
"To the teachings of some of the newspapor fra-
ternity are the public greatly indebted for the evils
upon which we are animadverting. So grossly per-
sonal and abusive have many of them boon in their
political discussions that a portion of their readers
nave come to look upon it as not only no crime, but
a patriotic duty, to do personal violcnco to those who
render themselves obnoxious by their political opin-
ions."
These, Mr. Speaker, are not my feeble words;
they are the words of an editor of a Democratic
paper of my State, whom I have never seen ;
hut I am sure that his example and the wisdom
of his teachings and his fearless discharge of
duty as a journalist will commend him to the
lovers of peace and good order throughout our
common country.
And now, before going further, I wish to ask
some of my Republican friends who have
thought we could do nothing for the South by
way of legislation, but must wait for a correct
public sentiment to suppress the evils of which
we complain, how long do you think we will
have to wait in view of the statements juht
made? With the school-teachers driven out
of Mississippi, as is reported; with one hung
in my own State, and another beaten, and leit
for dead j and with a portion of the newspaper
fraternity teaching that "it is a patriotic duly
to do personal violence to those who render
themselves obnoxious by their political opin-
ions,' ' I repeat, how long shall we have to wait
for the dawning of that millennium of peace
on earth and good will toward men which is
to be ushered in by a correct public opinion
at the South'/ i fear it will be until the saints
shall have been gathered above, and this earth,
being found in possession of the Democratic
party, the elements shall melt wilh fervent
heat.
Hut f come to the final and most painful
point, of all. This same writer makes an ap-
peal to the young men of that locality who have
hud educational, social, and religious advan-
tages, in these woids:
"If necessary, let thein organize companies to
rcpol the raiders and lawless bands."
Here we have Ku Klux designated by terms
which have specific meanings. A raid, accord-
ing to Webster, is "a hostile or predatory in-
cursion; especially, an inroad or incursion of
mounted men/' That answers to the descrip-
tion or these men ; for it has been already stated
that they came in from an adjoining county,
and must have been mounted. u Organized
companies" to repel such raiders must of
necessity be mounted also. Now, 3 ask, is it
not time for the General Government to step
in and save us, not from civil war, but from
anarchy? When it becomes necessary for
"joung men of religious advantages " to go to
the expense ol mounting themselves " to repel
the raiders/' the liberties of the citizen, yes,
the very institutions of our country, are threat-
ened; tor, says Macaulay, u power successfully
defied touches its downfall."
1 pass to other proofs, drawn from Demo-
cratic sources.
The following 1 take from the Selma (Ala-
bama; Reporter, a Democratic paper, issue
of February, 1871:
" Wc are informed that tbo eastward-bound train
was again overhauled at York Station by the Ku
Klux night before last. They inquired forPete Fer-
guson ami Jesse Hardy, and took a negro from the
Ihvt-class euaeh, whore, doubtless, he had fled for
reluge, and carried him off with them, remarking
that they intended to 'whip him bald-headed.' A
bad state oi affairs, truly."
Upon which the Southern Kepublican makes
the significant comment:
"J. T. Coleman, who was appointed route agent in
charge of the United States mails, has also been
notified not to pass that station any more, and has
decided to respect the notice and stay off from that
portion of his route. It seems to us that it would
be eminently proper for either the State or national
Government to protect its citizens, and we think it
particularly the duty of the United States Govern-
ment to protect its own officers in the legitimate dis-
charge of their functions. If it cannot do this it
had better surrender to the Ku Klux at once and
let them, run the machine. It will be remembered
that Frank Biggs, a route agent, was killed while
performing his duties in his car some two or three
stations west of the one mentioned above."
And yet the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mor-
gan] told us in a speech, but a few mornings
since, that only in one instance have the mails
of the United States been interfered with, and
that was in the State of Kentucky. That gen-
tleman is not aware of all that his political
friends are doing in the southern States.
The Shelby county (Alabama) Guide, a Dem-
ocratic paper, recently said:
4' The latost Ku Klux outrages are of a horrible
character, and were perpetrated upon the persons
ot two negroes in Jackson county, in this State. The
battie cry of the Democracy in the late canvass was
* law and order,' and against the * foo Is and thieves'
in power. GovornorLindsoy has been installedin his
office now nearly two months, within which time a
number of theso cold-blooded murders have been
committed, and all tho victims, except perhaps one,
were negroes; yet not in ono single instance, except
tho murder of tbo white man, Amos G. Harris, in
tho city of Montgomery, right under the nose of the
Governor, has there boon a singlo rovvard offered
by his itJxcoUoncy for tbo perpctiators of theso dia-
bolical deeds. In our own county, in the oniight-
oncd community of Montcvallo, whcro'Lindsey and
reform' reooived 412 out of 422 votes cast, at least 100
of them nogroos, one of those liorriblo murders has
boon commuted and no notice taken of it, except by
tho employer of the negro, who offered a reward of
$300, through tho columns of tho Selma Times, for
testimony sufficient to convict tho partios engaged in
the affair; and oxcopt thisadvertisemont and asix-
lino editorial in tho Times, calling attention to tho
advertisomont, th is hornblo affair received no notico
atthe hands oi tho press of the Stato except through
tho columns of tho Setuia Argus and Montgomery
Advertiser.
"Our opinion is that a few thousand dollars in
rewards tor theso murderers would bring some of
them u[> dangling at tbo end of a rope, and would
haveatendoncy to stop their outrages, and, perhaps,
put anond toParsons'sreconstruction. But, strango
to say. somo ot tho Democratic press of Alabama,
instead of rebuking thoso crimes, encourage them
cither by silenco or innuendo* and even to-day somo
of them are, in an indirect manner, pointing Par-
sons out as a good subject lor ono of theso outrages.
"If tho Democratic party mean peace and 4 law
it ml order,' let them begin at once to bring it about—
Governor Lindsey by^ offering suitable rewards for
tho perpetrators of those crimes, and tho press
denouncing them in the severest terms."
And now comes the horrifying intelligence
of another cold-blooded murder committed
in Jackson county, Alabama, by a band of
Ku Klux. From theScottsborough Herald of
January 5,1871, (a Democratic paper,; we take
the following account of this affair:
"It is our painful duty to announce that a most
fiendish crimo, showing a degree of savago barbarity
and a destitution of tho ordinary promptings of
humanity on the part of tho perpetrators, winch is
almost too horrible to contemplate, has been com-
mitted in our county. On Saturday night last a
band of disguised persons, oight or ten in number,
went on tho Hanis firm, about two miles below
Larkinsville, and took from his house, where he was
in bed asleep, an old negro man, Ned Larkin, and
made him get, upon a high stump near his cabin and
shot him with several guns, mangling him in a most
inhuman man nor, killing him in&tantly. They also
wont to tho cabin of Frank Larkin, on the same
place, awaked him from his bed, took him from his
house, marched him around in his night clothes,
then took him to u thicket near the place, mode him
strip himself, whipped him with withes, kicked him
down, and when he undertook to run away from
them he was shot down, tilling: one shoulder and tho
b; ek of his neck full of shot, lie is suffering exceed-
ingly, andDr. Boyd,his attending physician, thinks
ho will die. That this brutal murder was committed
by white men, or men and bu>s that resido iri the
neighborhood where the deed was perpetrated, there
its not the slightest doubt entertained by tho jury of
inquest, a body of sterling men, or by the good, law-
abiding eit izeus of that community. Therefore the
crime of double murder, without even any circum-
stances ot palliation or mitigation, is upon that
community; and in order to show the innocence of
the innocent it is necessary to establish the guilt of
the guilty. The good men of Larkinsville and
vicinity are, although bowed down with apprehen-
sions, fully awake to a sense of duty, and will not
evade the responsibilities and the perils of the hour."
Here again notice the language:
'* The good men of Larkinsville and vicinity are,
although bowed down with apprehensions, fully
awake to a sense of duty, and will not evade tho
responsibilities and tho perils of the hour."
What are " the perils of the hour?" Why,the
perils which cluster around an attempt to bring
a murderer to punishment in a locality where
a band of Ku Klux create a reign of terror.
But a small minority in any community are
connected with these disguised bands, or sym-
pathize with them in their acts or purposes.
But how easy it is for them to overawe the
better portion of society, and go on without
fear and unmolested in their infernal work of
murder. Do you wonder at this, when any
man who makes himself a little prominent in
executing laws knows not the night nor the
hour of the night when he may be taken from
his bed and his family and shot from a stump
in his own yard?
Thus was it in the days of secession. Ter-
rorism and force were the instruments by
which it was accomplished. Had the people
been permitted to speak, and their voice heed-
ed, Alabama had never left the Union of our
lathers.
Here is what the same paper, Scottsborough
Herald, (Democratic,) says in a subsequent
issue:
44 Since the lamentable occurrence near Larkins-
villo, last Saturday night, we havo conversed with
many of tho best citizens of this county, and havo
heard timo and again tho expression that there was
a considerable element of our population who, if
they were not themselves engaged or willing to
cngago in this disguisement aud commission of un-
lawlul acts, were at loast disposed to palliate and
exeutiO, if not oponly justify, others in it."
Mark this language 1 How like the speeches
we have heard from the other side of the
House for a whole week past!
"And that they were not only unwilling to aid in
ferreting out and punishing the guilty, but they
would covertly and indirectly prevent as far as pos-
biblo tho exposure and punishment of men who wore
committing theso crimes in disguisement. In this
connection, a man was hoard to say, the other day,
publicly, or at least in tho presence of several per-
sons, some of them young men, that as for him he
chd not believe a white man ought to be troubled
for killing a negro, and if he were an officer he would
novor lhiu one whensentafter him, or words of sim-
ilar import. We aro aware that many such expres-
sions are thoughtless and unguarded, and perhaps do
not indicato a settled purpose in the mind of those
who utter them to cncourago crime and set law at
defiance. Be that as it may, such expressions being
made in tho presence of wild, excitable, and reckless
young men, haveatendcncy to lead, no doubt, to the
iniorence that public sentiment does notdisappro-
bate theso unlawiul acts, or at any rate call tor tho
punishment of offenders. Weak-kneed officials con-
strue these declarations into an indication of what
is tho popular breeze, and prefer to accommodate
themselves to this stato of morals and demoralized
public sentiment rather than go forward in a prompt
and faithful discharge of duty."
But, Mr. Speaker, why multiply examples?
I give but one more because the legal pro-
ceedings clearly illustrate why we advocate
and ask the proposed legislation from Con-
gress. I take the case related by my late
colleague, Colonel Buck, to which I add the
legal proceeding in the case as furnished by
an officer of the law in my own State :
44 In tho county of Calhoun, about twelve o'clock
on Monday night, the 11th of July, 1870, a band of
Ku Klux, twenty-five or thirty in number, appeared
in the village of Cross Plains, and took William 0.
Luke and tour colored men, who were in the cus-
tody of the sheriff and his deputy and a guard of
eight or ten men, procured some forty feet ot rope
irom a storekeeper, cut it into suitable lengths, and
after putting the halters round tho necks of their
victims in the presence of a considerable number of
tho citizens, who witnessed the proceedings in silence
and without any opposition, led them away and put
them to death about three quarters of a mile from
the center ot the town. Mr. Luke and Tony Cliff
were hung on the same tree. Berry Harris was hung
on another, Caesar Frederick and William Hallwtre
shot m tho head and breast and left lying under
