1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
tions can be extorted from the law by strain-
ing its meaning to the utmost tension, and the
necessity for the exercise of that power to elect
the Republican candidate for President should
be manifested, as it is now daily manifesting
itself, who can for a moment, in the light of
the history of that party, doubt that it will be
exercised ?
The pretexts for this bill are the supposed
southern outrages and the existence of terrible
Ku Klux—-parties of men banded together for
the purpose of whipping, hanging, and driving
from the country negroes and white Repub-
licans—and the Democratic party is charged
with all these things; and they go back for
their facts two, three, four, and live years, and
every murder, every assault and battery, every
whipping—all the acts of violence committed
in the entire South—is treasured up, the news-
paper account of it is read, the enormity of
it exaggerated, and all now heralded before
the country to give the dominant party some
pretense to do this great violence to the Con-
stitution and this great wrong to the liberties
of the people and the rights of the States.
Sir, I have great respect for the ability of
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Kelley,] and when he spoke I lis-
tened attentively to hear a constitutional argu-
ment to show that this bill did not conflict with
the rights of the people and the States, and if
it could have been demonstrated he would have
done it; but his speech was an effort to prove
that we were in a state of war, and he cited
certain war measuresofthe Government, which
were denounced as unconstitutional at the
time, as an excuse for the extreme measure
now under consideration; and proof of the
existence of hostilities was established by evi-
dence taken before the Senate committee that
secret armed organizations existed in two coun-
ties in North Carolina in 1868 and 1869.
This, sir, is not such war as gave the pretext
for the other measure alluded to by the gen-
tleman, but a mere domestic neighborhood
trouble that State authority and county officials
can and will put down and control, without
the intervention of the Army and Navy of the
United States, without setting a precedent
which invades our Constitution, that will one
day turn upon us and involve us all perhaps
in one common ruin. The hope expressed by
the gentleman that this extreme measure will
be short-lived may or may not be verified, but
the injury to our institutions may come long
after the law expires by its limitations; and 1
here quote the words of Junius, which ought to
be forever remembered by patriots and states-
men of all parties:
"Never suffer an invasion of the political consti-
tution, however minute the instance may appear, to
pass without a determined, persevering resistance.
One precedent creates another. They soon accum-
ulate and constitute law. What yesterday was fact
to-day is doctrine. Examples are supposed to justify
the most dangerous measures, and where they do not
suit exactly the defect is supplied by analogy. Bo
assured that the laws which protect us m our civil
rights grow out of the Constitution, and they must
fall or flourish with it."
The same gentleman to whom I alluded in
his ingenious speech uses this language:
" Sir, a government that cannot protect the hum-
blest man within its limits, that cannot snatch from
oppression the feeblest woman or child, is not a gov-
ernment. Itis wanting in the vital attribute of gov-
ernment. The power to protect its people inheres
indestructibly in all Governments, and that frame
of constitution or laws which does not provide for it
fails to establish government."
How can a government protect a man who
has been murdered? It can punish the mur-
derer. It can protect the man who has been
assaulted and beaten only by giving him a pecu-
niary consideration for the injury done him.
Do our States fail in these remedies? What
southern State has not a penal code to punish
wicked menfortheircrimesand misdemeanors?
In my State there is not ail offense in the whole
catalogue of crime that is not denounced by
a severe penalty; so, I presume, in all the
others. But suppose we have failed in this :
does our delinquency give another legislative
power the right to interfere in our municipal
regulations? Can Congress supply our legis-
lative deficiencies any more thau the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania can do it ? If it can,
the express authority to do so must be found
in the Constitution. But in all this debate that
power has not been pointed out. The gentle-
man struck the key-note when he said, "we
are in war." That indefinable "war power"
from which we have suffered so many outrages
upon our rights and institutions is the warrant
of authority for this bill.
The great strides toward the centralization
of power in the Federal Government which we
have made under the auspices of the Repub-
lican party are alarming, and the Democratic
party must and will contest, inch by inch, the
aggression still sought to be made on the man-
ifest rights and jurisdiction of the States.
Power once acquired is never voluntarily
yielded up. No potentate ever gave up a pre-
rogative, no court ever surrendered a juris-
diction, no centralized power ever restored
privileges exercised by it. If the people of
the States desire prosperity and happiness
and government suited to their climate, their
avocations, their locality, and their interests,
they must withhold from the Federal Govern-
ment the power to interfere with their legis-
lative and judicial rights.
A law which might be beneficial to the peo-
ple of one State would perhaps overturn the
well-regulated and well-understood and benefi-
cent customs and laws of another.
The courts established by a general law
might be organized under a system that would
mete out impartial justice to one community
and in another be a tyranny. The history of
the world shows that all small States and
principalities are prosperous when permitted
to manage their own domestic affairs in their
own way and to administer justice for them-
selves under their peculiar institutions and
regulations; but when interfered with and
controlled by the legislative and judicial sys-
tems of larger States, they became dispirited
and degenerated and their prosperity fled from
them.
Are wo prepared for a judicial system that
sends us our judges from other States aud
makes the Army the executive officer to carry
the judgment into effect? Yet such a system
is not beyond the scope of this bill, and gen-
tlemen claim that the power is already granted
under the fourteenth amendment, and they
seek to exercise it.
Sir. if the people had understood, if the advo-
cates of that amendment had claimed this
power for it when it was submitted to the
States for their ratification, it would have been
rejected by every State in the Union.
What gentleman on the other 3ide can rise
in his place and say that, when he advocated
the adoption of this amendment before his
people, he claimed this power for the Gen-
eral Government under it? Did any of you
then think so yourselves? Would you have
dared stand up and asked the people of your
State to yield up to Congress the right to
send Federal courts to supersede your local
tribunals? If you had, the fourteenth amend-
ment would never have received the indorse-
ment of your people, nor would they again
have trusted you with their confidence.
Recent outrages are not so much complained
of as those which occurred two or three years
ago, and we have to go back to that time for
the pretexts for the bill. Then every insurrec-
tionary State had a Radical Governor and a
Radical Legislature, with power to call on the
President for assistance to put down the domes-
tic violence if it existed to such an extent as to
defy State authority, and it is fair to presume
that they would not have hesitated or neglected
to have sought that assistance if it were true, as
claimed, that secret armed societieswere organ-
ized for violence on men of their party in the
interest of the Democratic party; and their fail-
ure to do so may be taken as evidence that such
violence was not carried to any great extent.
And we have high authority that more recently
they were unknown, or of such insignificance
as to fail to attract the attention of State and
national officials. The President of the United
States in his last annual message to Congress
says: "A year of peace and general prosperity
to this nation has passed since the last assem-
bling of Congress."
The distinguished Speaker of this House,
fti his address to us on the 4t,h of March, used
this language:
"The Forty-Second Congress assembles at a pe-
riod of general content, happiness, and prosperity
throughout the land. Under the wise administra-
tion of the national Government peace reigns in all
our borders, and the only serious misunderstanding
with a foreign Power is, we may hope, at this mo-
ment in process of honorable, cordial, and lasting
adjustment. We are fortunate in meeting at such a
time, m representing such constituencies, in legis-
lating for such a country."
And the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] has read to us extracts from the last
annual messages of the Governors of nine of
the southern States, who say that—
" Law and order, petfee and security reign through-
out our borders. Under the benign influence of our
free institutions,and the faithful enforcement oftho
laws, old feuds are rapidly dying out, old animosities
are being forgotten, and old prejudices eradicated."
Such is the exact language of one of them,
and substantially the language of all; and in
this connection I will read an extract from
a speech made in the Senate Chamber a few
days since by a Republican representing a
southern State:
" Much has been said here and elsewhere as to tho
inclination of the southern people to enter into an-
other rebellion, but X would assure Senators there
is not one word of truth in such repi esentations.
The remembrance of their maimed sons, desolated
hearthstones, and devastated fields precluded the
possibility of their ever again entertaining the idea
of a rebellion for a moment. I do not think the
disturbances in the South originated from hostility
to the General Government, but they were inspired
by disaffection to the local governments."
And we have other evidence to show the
peaceful intentions and avocations of the
southern States. Since the war they have made
over thirty-five hundred miles of railroad. Their
agricultural productions for the year 1809 were
worth §750,000,000, and that part of the crop
that was exported brought back to the whole
people of this country in gold, or its equivalent,
$250,000,000; and the productions and ex-
ports for the year 1870 were largely in excess
of these figures. The number of her farms
and establishments of productive industry
have each increased since the war nearly one
hundred per cent. Let us not disturb this
effort to return to prosperity and to regain the
former wealth lost during the war by such
legislation as will make a proud and chivah-ic
people feel that they are forever to be under
a despotism that strikes at their rights and
liberties.
It may be that there are some disorders and
domestic troubles, it may be that cases of indi-
vidual viole-nce and outrage are committed ill
the South; but they will be remedied sooner and
perfect order established earlier if the people
are left to manage their own domestic affairs in
their own way and under their own laws. The
only remedy Congress can offer is one that
would be efficient, a remedy that would go to the
heart of every true southern man and woman;
that is, an act of general amnesty, removing
the political disabilities imposed by the same
amendment to the Constitution which you now
propose to enforce. The true principle by
which to govern a republic is found in the
love of the people for that government and
their confidence in its ability and disposition
to protect them in their rights of life, liberty,
and property, and its recognition of their per-
fect political equality. When these fail, and
the citizen feels that he has not that protec-
tion and equality which his interest requires
and his pride demands, his fidelity to and his
affection for his government is lost.
The people of the South are devoted to re-
publican institutions. No act of theirs but
