1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Buckley.
Ho. of Reps.
another tree. The same night, but two or three
hours earlier, Essex Hendricks, another colored
man, was hungon a tree near Ambersonville, about
four miles from CrossPlains, and when his body was
leund the nex morning it was pierced by bullets in
many places. This also was the work of the Ku
Klux Klan!
*' William C. Luke was an educated man from the
North, who spoke several languages, and who was
an enthusiast on the subject of educating and ele-
vating the colored race. While on the way to the
place of execution he requested permission to write
a few lines to his wife and children. The Klan decided
to let him do it, and they stopped on tho way at, one
house and procured pen, ink, and paper, and a lamp
at another, and under such circumstances the fol-
lowing letter was written and left on the fence a few
feet from where his dead body was hangingthe next
morning. I give it as it was published in the Jack-
sou viile Republican, aDemocralicpaperpublishcd in
the county where this horrible tragedy was enacted.
I have no reason to doubt its correctness. The
editor says:
*' ' Tho following purports to be acopy of the letter
which was found on a fence near the place by the
appalled citizens who ventured up after the disap-
pearance of the masked men :
'"Patona. July 11,1870.
" ' My Dear "Wife : I die to-night. It has been so
determined by those who think I deserve it. God
knows I feel myself entirely innocent of the charge.
I have only sought to educate the negro. I little
thought when leaving you that we should then part
forever, so far distant from each other; but God's
will be done. He will be to you a husband better
than I have been and a father to our six little ones.
There is a balance of a little over two hundred dol-
lars in the company's hands of my money; also my
trunks and clothes are here. You may send for these
matters,or lefrilenry eorac afterthem. Godofmcrcy
bless and keep you, my over dear, dear wife and
children.
" 'Your WILLIAM.' "
This matter, the facts of which you have
heard, was most thoroughly investigated by
Hon. Judge Peters, one of the judges of the
supreme court of Alabama, sitting as a court
of inquiry in the first instance. This investi-
gation was had at the instance and mainly in
the presence of Governor W. H. Smith, and
was conducted on the part of the State by ex-
Governor Lewis E. Parsons, the defense by
some of the ablest lawyers in the State. The
trial lasted for several weeks. It resulted in
the identification and proof of guilty partici-
pation of several parlies, who were bound over
to the circuit court of the county in heavy bond
to appear at the fall term. But when the
court came the grand jury refused to find any
indictment. None has yet been found, and no
further prosecution had for the reason that in
the present state of the law in some locali-
ties it is found impossible to prosecute any
case successfully. Where the prosecution has
to be in the county and before a jury of the
county, it is impossible, first, to get a grand
jury to find a true bill, and if once found,
it would be still more impossible to convict
before a petit or trial jury, however strong
the proof.
Moreover, in those localities it is very dan-
gerous for any man, white or colored, to know
too much about the perpetrators of crime.
Boyd was evidently assassinated in Eutaw,
Green county, in 1870, by a crowd of thirty
disguised men, who rode into the town in the
night, called him out of his bed, and shot him
down dead in his tracks because, as county
solicitor of Green county, he had learned too
much of the murders of the Ku Klux for the
safety of some of their numbers.
I again quote from the able speech of my
late colleague, (Colonel Buck:)
"1 learn, sir, from the evidence taken on that
investigation before Judge Peters, that one of the
witnesses testified he belonged to the Ku Klux Klan;
that he knew it had an organization in that State of
eight or ten thousand members, and in the State of
Georgia of ten or twelve thousand; that each mem-
ber was bound by his oath to keep all the secrets of
the Klan, to obey ail orders given him by an officer,
to aid by every means in his power any member who
was in custody; that his obligation to the Klan
was paramount to any which the law of the State
could require of him; that he must therefoie swear
to anything m court as a witness that was necessary
to acquit a member on trial charged with any
offense; as a grand juror he must refuse to find a
bill against a member, and as a petit juror he must
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 13.
never find a verdict of guilty against one of them ;
he must assist in releasing a member from jail; the
Klan must convey any member that was killed as
near to his own door as possible, and lay his body
down and unite in saying he was killed by the Ku
Klux Klan; if a member was wounded he must say,
and swear if necessary, the Ku Klux Klan did it
while he was about his own premises. This witness
also testified that the objects of the Klan were to
control the negro .and put the Republican party out
of power or put it down. The duty of obeying
orders given by the officers of the Klan extended to
taking life and committing perjury."
I ask the attention of members to one re-
markable fact. It is this: see how the evi-
dence taken in the investigation before Judge
Peters in this case, at Cross Plains, in the
State of Alabama, in July last, corresponds
in every particular as to the designs and obli-
gations of the Ku Klux Klan with the testi-
mony of witnesses from North Carolina who
have testified recently before the Senate invest-
igating committee. To my mind this is proof
conclusive that this murderous organization
is powerful and wide-spread, stretching over
State after State, and designs to take the con-
trol of affairs into its own hands. Its purposes
are so clearly revealed by so many different wit-
nesses, living in localities so distant from each
other, that we cannot be mistaken as to what
our duty is.
I pass on to an investigation held before the
United Stales commissioner, and invite atten-
tion to the facts brought out in evidence:
" The Coosa Outrages.—An investigation of the re-
cent outrages committed in Coosa county was held
before United States Commissioner Blake on yester-
day. The evidence shows that on the night of Sat-
urday. the 31st ot December, an organized bjndof
disguised men came into Nixburg Beat, m Coosa
county, and visited the cabins of several colored men
demanding them to tell how they voted in the last
election. Whenever they answered that they had
voted ihe Republican ticket, they were taken and
severely whipped, and told that every Republican
had to leave this country. The same band burned
down the colored church in that neighborhood on
the same night. Five names of white men living in
Coosa and Tallapoosa counties were given as being in
the crowd, and it is probable that the Government
officials will soon ferret them out."
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I ask to introduce, in
one instance only, testimony from a Republican
source. It is from a dear, personal friend,
who, though not living in my district, sends
me occasionally letters of friendship. I make
the following extracts, withholding names for
prudential reasons:
Alabama, February 16,1871.
The Ku Klux have driven Judge -
• from Hale
and have frequently been seen riding in this county,
and have threatened the life of every prominent lle-
?ublioan in the county. When I retire each night
kiss my wife and children with the fear that I
shall be assassinated before the dawn of another
day. The feeling is too horrible to contemplate.
Yours, most truly,
Hon. C. W. Buckley.
Two days following, February 18, 1871, this
same gentleman wrote me again in these words,
and I ask you to imagine, if you can, his an-
guish of mind:
I am compelled to leave; they, the Ku Klux, have
driven Judge from Hale and have declared that
if I did not leave they would kill me. And if I can-
not get my friends in Congress to help me my family
will suffer for the necessaries of life. I never ex-
pected to live to see such times; a native southern
man, a soldier in the southern army, and because 1
am now a Republican, driven from my wife and
children and home. Por mercy's sake do all you
can for me. Let me hear from you when you get
this.
Yours, most truly,
Hon. C. W. Buckley.
In the letter of the 16th the following was
inclosed. I add it to show that neither race
nor nationality will protect a person from
the murderous assaults of these midnight
marauders:
"There is now in this place a Mr. , who was
driven from another county because he taught a
negro school. He was shot, beaten into a jelly, and
hung until nearly dead, and left by the Ku Klux for
dead. He was confined to his bed for weeks by the
injuries ho received at their hands. He is an Eng-
lishman, still a subject of Great Britain, a man of
fine character and intelligence."
_ The writer of these letters is a "Virginian by
binh, a graduate of her State university, a
gentleman of intelligence, than whom there is
not a more truthful and honorable man in the
State.
I take one more extract from a private let-
ter written by a gentleman who was four years in
the confederate army, and is now and has been
all his days a Democrat. From the headed
paper on which the letter is written I learn
that he is a dealer in dry goods, groceries,
hardware, clothing, hats, boots, and shoes, &c.
The letter bears date Alabama, March 23,1871.
At the close of the business portion he adds:
I will give you a brief account of the last appear-
ance of the Ku Klux Klan in our midst. Last nigat
about nine o'clock about sixty in full uniform, with
their ensigns floating m the breeze, galloped through
the streets and passed on in the direction of .
The stores were all open and brilliantly lighted and
the town full of people; yet no one said a woid and
treated the affair with perfect indifference. * *
* * During the night they returned. The ob-
ject of then* prowling has not yet transpired. 'Tis
strange that a great and powerful nation like this
don't give peace, quiet, and safety to her subjects.
What is the country coming to, that lawless-
ness is to rule and govern, that clans of loafers
and "dead beats" are to take the management of
affairs in their hands and override law, order, and
common decency V A file of soldiers should be placed
at every corner and cross-roads, and kopfc there until
order and safety are permanently established and
the last assassin slam. The Government is the only
power that can control this matter, and it will le-
qnire exceedingly stringent measures to do it. The
masses of the people rather encourage it than other-
wise.
Very truly, yours,
This, sir, is the statement of a native busi-
ness man who takes no interest in politics, but
has an abiding interest in good government
which can protect him in his property and
constitutional rights. But how clearly his
letter betrays his feeling of insecurity since he
longs for a file of soldiers at every "corner
and cross roads."
These, sir, are the facts. How startling
they are 1 Public journals, private correspond-
ence, men of all parties and all classes give
in their testimony in support of the declara-
tion. How varied are the sources of proof,
how ample and how convincing!
I have given you only the most daring
crimes, the most horrid outrages, for only such
attract attention and become generally known.
I have said nothing, fori have not the heart
to speak of the thousands of crimes which es-
cape notice, of murderers who go unpunished,
of the wrongs and injustice to which the weak
and ignorant are exposed. But this is not all.
I am pained to confess that this spirit of law-
lessness is on the increase. It is organizing,
extending, and growing more powerful. One
year ago Alabama was peaceful compared with
her present condition. In a speech which I
had the honor to make to the House on the
12th day of March, 1870, in which I urged the
removal of all political disabilities from the
southern people, I used the following lan-
guage. It was prior to the organization of the
Ku Klux Klan in our State, or at least before
they had entered upon their bloody work. How
rejoiced I would be if 1 could truthfully use
the same language to day :
" We have to lament the bitterness and license of
some of our public journals; we are pained at the
lawlessness of violent and bad men; at the wrong
and injustice and erime we see; we know the penis
to which the weak and ignorant are exposed; but
we see and know also that these are tho excesses of
tho few, the >-ins and crimes of individuals, and do
not express the temper of the South, and must not
influence our legislation here. They do not endanger
or destroy the equality of citizenship, and i pray
you to not let them destroy the equality of States.
Those free State governments you have tet up m
the South resting alike upon ;ill clasps, and sccuxing
alike to all classes the equal protection of the laws,
without regard to race, color, or previous condition,
have sufficient power and vitality to maintain them-
selves against internal insurrection, to execute with
