194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr '. BucM'ey.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
visor tbo laws enacted in a constitutional way, to
preserve unimpaired in its rightiul majesty the legal
Tr.il of the people. The great danger is passed.
Y'«u haa-o substituted order for anarchy, law for
i'ou;e, constitutional freedom l'or despotism, and a
purified lor a corrupted civilization. Something can
therefore be safely and wisely left for time to cor-
lect, something for tho recuperative energies of the
people to accomplish, something to tho universal
upreaching of the masses."
1 wish, Mr. Speaker, that I could say to-day
that, the crimes of the South are the excesses
of individuals and not the crimes of organized
lawless bands, armed and disguised, assuming
to take under thoir control whole communities,
strong enough to prevent good men from exe-
cuting with vigor the laws enacted in a consti-
tutional way, and powerful enough to resist
the legal will of the people. Once more sub-
stitute order for anarchy, law for force, and I
will patiently wait for our evils to correct them-
selves. But nothing can be safely and wisely
left for time to correct, nothing f®r the recu-
perative energies of the people to accomplish,
nothing to the universal upreaching of the
masses, in places where anarchy reigns.
But, sir, I do not propose to go beyond the
bounds of my own State in this investigation.
I have given ihe facts ; 1 have cited the proofs;
I have stated that the spirit of lawlessness is
on the increase, organizing and extending.
How alarming is the case 1 But by far the
most appalling of alJ is the fact that the mem-
bers on (he Democratic side of the House
either stoutly deny the laots or palliate and
excuse the commission of these horrid crimes.
Sonae even go so far as to justify them. It is
this indifference to crime, this palliation for
organized murder on the part of the members
on tho other side, that encourages the cruel
and liendish Ku Klux Klaus and renders it
possible for them to perpetrate their damning
deeds in civilized communities. But if indif-
ference to the commission of crime is so rep-
rehensible in members on this floor, how fright-
ful must he the responsibility of the executive
officer of a great State, who, in the face of
overwhelming proois, coolly assures the Pres-
ident of (he United Suites—
"That there wan no truth in the exaggerated state-
ments about tho Ku Klux outrages m Alabama."
* * * * " lkmdes, they aro ontiroiy within
the oontrol of tho civil authorities of tho Stat.e."
The fact is, Mr. Speaker, every outrage and
murder i have mentioned—and I have not
giveu ihe hall—has been committed, with one
exception, since Governor Lindsay and the
Democratic party came into power in Alabama.
The Shelby County (Alabama) Guide, Dem-
ocratic papef, recently said :
"Governor Lindsay has been installed in his office
now TK'.uiy two months, within which time a num-
ber of these oold-bloodod murdoi> havo been com-
mitted, and all the victims, except, perhaps ono, wore
netfioes; >ot. notin ono single instance, except tho
murder at the white man. Amos G. Harris, in tho
city of Montgomery, right undor tho nose of tho
(governor, lurs theio been a smglo reward offered by
hn RxuHleney far (he perpetrators of these diabolical
deeds. In our own county, in tho enlightened com-
munity oi Montevallo, where 4 Lindsay and reform'
jeoei ved -llli out of 422 votes oast, at least ono hun-
dred o( them neeroo, one of these horrible murders
li.is been committed, and no notico takon of it oxcept
by tho employer of the negro."
When the Governor of a State whose special
duty it is to enforce the laws can shut his
eye* to such a state of affairs, he deliberately
permits the rights of citizens to be trampled
in the dust, he menaces the liberties of the
people, he endangers the free institutions of
the country, and by his inaction invites an-
archy and bloodshed. Abandoned thus, to
whom else can we look for protection in per-
son and property, for security in our constitu-
tional puvileges and rights, for the blessings
of liberty and peace, but to the Congress and
the President? We are driven to you for help.
From you must come our great deliverance.
With you we plead to preserve unto us all that
we hold dear and sacred in civil government.
And now. before turning to another branch
of this subject, I pause to perform a pleasing
duty. God knows that I wish I could say of
the whole State what I now gladly say of my
own district. It is orderly and peaceful so far
as I know. I have not heard of a Ku Klux
outrage being committed in it, nor have I heard
of a man in disguise being seen in it. It is to
prevent the peaceful and law-abiding people
of the district from being overrun and over-
awed by lawless bands, and their property and
homes and lives rendered insecure, that! raise,
in time, my voice for help to suppress utterly
and promptly lawlessness wherever it is found.
I turn now to inquire into the cause of this
organized butchery. What is the philosophy
of Kukluxisra ? In what does it take its origin?
It does not originate in Republican misrule.
During thisdebate members on the Democratic
side have sometimes admitted that there are
occasional disturbances at the South, but speak
of them in apologetical terms and ascribe their
origin to " maladministration of Republican
governments, set up in defiance of the needs
and wishes of the tax paying inhabitants."
But I affirm, withoutthe fear of successful con-
tradiction, that there have been more Ku Ivlux
outrages in Alabama since the Democratic
party came into power last November than
nave ever been committed in the same space
of time under Republican rule. In support
of this affirmation I have but to refer to the
Democratic authorities already cited.
But if Republican misrulo is the cause of
Kukluxism, upon what ground do you explain
tho existence of this organization in Demo-
cratic Kentucky? Her government surely has
not been set up in defiance of the needs and
wishes of her tax-paying inhabitants. There,
where American citizens of African descent
are not/permitted to testify in courts of justice,
how can there be any maladministration of
public affairs? Her public functionaries, like
those of the Democratic city of New York,
aro honest, competent, and incorruptible men.
How stands the case in Kentucky? The Lou-
isville Courier-Journal (Democratic) shall
answer tho question, in a recent issue that
paper says:
"Tho social surface of Kentucky is undermined
by banded criminals organized to violate tho laws
and trample tho dignity of tho SLato in the dust.
They havo usurped tuo powers of tho government,
made murder their pastime and terrorism their
scepter, eonferrod upon thoir adhorouts tho right
of privato vengoance, aud assumed to protect them
from tho penalties of outraged law. No home is
safo. no plaoo is sacred from thoir invasions. To
show thoir strength and thoir utter contempt for all
departiuontsof tho State government, they lilled tho
vicinity of tho capital during tho brief period of tho
legislative session with deoda of blood, and carried
their lawloss violonco with insulting defianoo to tho
very doors of our legislative halls. This stain upon
the escutcheon of Kentucky, this humiliation of our
i)roud old State, has oulmmatod undor a Democratic
btato administration."
I again quote from the same paper:
"A few days since we obsorvod that the lack ofvisor
on our part tends to encourogo lawlessness. Is this
not an example in point? l)o wenotsco that our
outlawry is enlarging its sphere and growing more
enterprising as we fail to meet it with acts propor-
tioned to its force and extent? I3ut a fortnight ago
it rode down upon tho postal servico of tho Federal
Govornmcnt in broad daylight, and ono of our most
public highways narrowly escaped a wanton mur-
der. A train guard of soldiers is tho consequence.
Now, it rides into the capital of tho State, overcomes
the police that watch tho rost of our legislators, our
Governors, our judgos,  nd all our Commoiywealtb
authorities, seizes a prison, releases a murderer, and
rides oft* in triumph."
Again:
"There is a Ku Klux organization in the South.
IIow large it is wo cannot say, but, in our opinion,
it is nmall. In Kentucky it is certainly so, and com-
posed of vagabonds, it has only appeared in half
a dozen counties of the State. But where it has
appeared there has been a reign of terror; and. at
this moment, it would not be safe to worry it in cer-
tain parts of Honry and Shelby
two counties adjoining the capital. Now,
Kentucky is and has been for years in the
hands and under the absolute control of the
Democratic party. And yet lawlessness is
admitted, by good Democratic authority, the
best in the State, to be as rampant within her
borders as in those of any southern State under
Republican administration. Affairs are rapidly
tending toward anarchy. But listen to the
cause assigned to these Kentucky outrages by
this foremost Democratic organ of the State :
" The prejudice which asserts itself in masked out-
lawry overflows in the minds of ignorant and in-
flamed people who aro not held in terror of the law,
beoause there is no law to punish them; and, fur-
ther, because the only witnesses qualified to testily
against them aro excluded from our State courts.
Hence, we have attributed most if not all of the Ku
Klux outrages to the absence of negro testimony,
which gave to ignorant people a sort, of legal sanc-
tion to their hatred of the negro and suggested its
easy and safo gratification." Are we wrong in tins
conjecture? if weare,whatisthorealsource? These
disorders have some origin, what is it?"
Here, in Democratic Kentucky, Republican
misruleis not the cause of u masked outlawry/'
but the absence of negro testimony is assigned
aj^the cause. But in Alabama, where npgro
testimony is received, and where the Democ-
racy are in power, the same "masked out-
lawry" is rampant and increasing. Its origin
cannot be found in Republican misrule.
NordoesthisKu Klux business take its origin
in the antagonisms of race. White and black
suffer alike; more colored than white, because
the colored are the most numerous. But all
races, all nationalities are the victims of these
cruel whippings and mutilations, shootings,
and drownings, hangings and murders. We
have already given two instances where British
subjects were the victims. Moreover, the rela-
tion of the two races at the South is one of
mutual dependence and interest, and not oue
of antagonism. Peace, order, and prosperity ^
are no more advantageous to one race than to
the other. The great interest of the Gulf
States, the planting interest, is almost wholly
dependent upon the colored people. The
wealth, credit, and reputation of the South is
intimately connected with their labor. They
are the best agricultural laborers the South
ctfn ever hope to get. Under the exhilarating
influences of freedom they have astonished the
world with the result of their labor. Last
year the cotton crop of the South was equal to
the average of the last four years before the war.
On this point I invite attention to the following
impartial testimony from a Londou paper:
%iA Business View of the Southern Negroes.—The
following extracts from the Cotton Circular of Ncill
Brothers & Co., London, will be foisid interesting
as facts brought forward purely as business argu-
ments, but bearing directly on tho question of south-
ern labor:
"'Few things in this strange world aro so unac-
countable, or at loast so extraordinary, as the ignor-
ance which has uniformly prevailed, so far as our
experience has extended among the great majority
of white residents of the southern States, as to tho
character and capacity of tho negro population,
among whom their lives have been passed. Both
before and for some time after tho abolition of
slavery the darling theory of the South, and of all
imbued with southern ideas, was that the negroes
would not work without the benign influence of tho
slave-driver's whip, and in a lengthened tour in the
ootton States mado by the present writer m the latter
end of 1865 there was no wish he heard so frequently
expressed as that the whole colored population could
bo got rid of. To his objection, that, if he could
trust his eyes, nearly all the physical labor of the
country was done by them, the general answer was
that this was temporary, owing to the season being
cold, and the pressure of hunger and want; but all
would be changed in spring and summer, when vege-
tables could bo had for little more than the trouble
ofgathcringthem.,,, * * * s "'Ami if
one delusion was stronger than another, it was that
the colored population was dying out so rapidly that
its days were numbered.
" An estimate of one half of tho population ot JSbQ
as likely to remain in 1870 was common. Even
lately as a few months ago we put the question to
an Englishman ol great intelligence, who has lived
most of his life at iTew Orleans, and bis reply was
that the reduction must be fully a half. We appealed
to the large cotton crop of last year, and the admit-
tedly larger one of this season, but these wo wero
told were explained by fabulous amounts of white
labor I The blacks were rooted out by the war, driveu
from pillar to post, first by their old masters when
abandoning their plantations, then by one army,
and again by another, and when peace came, chil-
dren still died off like sheep for want of *be medical
