432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
establishes the fact. The late war only proved
their desire to go from our Republic to another;
and, failing in that, they returned to the old
Government with a determination to uphold
and maintain free institutions. Sir, such a peo-
ple, in such a country as this, should not longer
be held in political thraldom and bondage.
. Do we not want their intelligence, industry,
and enterprise in everything that goes to make
t/p a great nation and a great people? They
are adding now daily to the wealth of the
nation; and shall they not share its honors?
As an element in all that is required of the
eitizeu the disfranchised class is valuable to
Government. With foreign nations we are
now at peace; but we know not when war may
be upon us. A high commission is now sitting
in this capital to settle intricate questions of
national law in which our country is involved
with Great Britain. Their conference may
not end as we all hope and believe it will. And
if the time shall come when the people shall
again go to arms, who is it that would not like
to see drawn, in a common cause, the swords
that crossed so recently i-n deadly strife?
The valor of the southern man is recorded
in our history, and who can doubt but that
the falchion, so lately sheathed, would again
flash brightly and cheerfully for a country that
restored him to all h'13 rights and made him
the equal in law, as lie is in gallantry, of any
in the land. But refuse this measure of mag-
nanimity and wisdom, and nothing is left hiin
but hatred and animosity toward the Govern-
ment. Keep him under bis disabilities and
ostracism, with no right to hold an office ten-
dered him by the people who honor and respect
him for his private worth and public virtues,
and he feels that he has no Government and
owes no allegiance t,o the country. When the
cry was first raised for universal suffrage it was
to be accompanied by general amnesty; but
partisan interest carried the one and refused
ibe other. The former slave now fills the high-
est offices, and can aspire to be President. W e
have them here in this House, the peers in law
with us all; but the master cannot fill the hum-
blest office, because this Government, this free
Republic, imposes disabilities upon him.
But, sir, this cannot continue long. A bet-
ter feeling, a more liberal policy, is soon to
prevail. Prominent men of the other party
feel and see the injustice of it and are begin-
ning to speak out 111 favor of amnesty. Sen-
ator Sawyer, a Republican from South Caro-
lina, a few days since said, in a speech in the
Senate:
"Sir, in tho ordinary rights and immunities of
citizens, in the eligibility to hold State and Federal
ollice, in the responsibilities and obligations to the
State from all us constitupntinembers, soundpolicy
dictates that inequality should no longer mar our
system. Exclusion of any class of uien from full
participation of rights otherwise common to all is a
danger in itself. Exclu?ion of tho most intelligent
and wealthy portion of the people is, in lay judg-
muut, a giievous blunder.''
Leading men in this House of the same party
have taken the same position, and the just ex-
pectations of the southern people will not be
much longer delayed ; and then all of us, North
and South, can say, '' We have a country."
Mr. VAUGHAN addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, (at
ten o'eloekand five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
the same; and also asking for the passage of
an act granting such sum as bounty to each
soldier, sailor, or marine who served in the
Union Army or Navy as with amounts already
received will make a bounty at the rate of
$8 33J per month for the time of service.
Also, a petition of 67 Union soldiers, citi-
zens of Canton, Ohio, to the same effect.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
John B. Young and others, citizens of Beaver
county, Pennsylvania, praying that a pension
be granted to Priscilla Harrison, widow of
Samuel Harrison, late a private in company
0, one hundred and fifth Pennsylvania volun-
By" Mr. HAZLETON, of New Jersey: A
petition for the erection of a light-house on
Hereford bar, coast of New Jersey, twelve
miles north of Cape May.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. AMBLER: A petition of 173 Union
soldiers, citizens of Masillon, Ohio, asking the
passage of an act granting to each honorably
discharged soldier, sailor, and marine who
served in the Union Army or Navy a land
■warrant, for one hundred and sixty acres of
land, without requiring settlement to secure
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 4, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, we have
been for some days acting, nominally at least,
under a rule restricting the business of the ses-
sion to certain specified objects. Of course
it is understood by everybody that there may
be business presented of such public import-
ance that it will receive the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate. All our rules may be dis-
pensed with by unanimous consent, I believe,
but one. Yesterday, however, we had peti-
tions presented and referred ; we had claims,
pensions, private corporations, and in fact the
general business of legislation ; and we passed
a bill. If Senators will insist upon asking
unanimous consent to pass private bills, and
the Senate will courteously grant it, it places
the other Senators in a false position. Our
constituents, persons who have claims upon
us, come to us and ask to have their business
attended to. Two persons came to me yester-
day and desired that business in which they
had a legitimate interest should be taken up.
When I replied, " It is contrary to the rule of
the Senate," they said, '"But the Senate dis-
penses with the rule when anybody asks that
it be dispensed with; why can you not do for
us what other Senators do for their friends?"
Now, it seems to me we must either enforce
the rule or give it up altogether; and I shall
to-day object to any business that interferes
with the rule; and tomorrow, if nobody
chooses to take upon himself that disagree-
able duty, the Senate will go on. I shall not
object to morrow, but to-day I shall object to
any business that interferes with the rule we
have passed; and I give this notice now,
before any business is introduced, so that it
may not seem invidious.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are in order. [A pause.] Senate
resolutions are in order. [A pause.] If there
be no resolutions to be presented, the Senate
will resume the consideration of the resolution
of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,]
upon which the Senator from. Missouri [Mr.
Blaib] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the Senator from
Missouri begins, if there is 110 objection, I
should like to have leave to introduce a bill,
and either have it laid on the table, if that is
in order, or, if there be no objection, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY. I just gave notice before
my friend from Vermont came in that I should
object to anything that did not come within the
rule to day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Rhode Island objects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good. I wish lie
had objected yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should have done so
if I had been here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He ought to have been
here. I am very glad that I am the victim
now, because I shall be at liberty to stick to
the same rule myself.
PROTECTION OP LIFE, ETC., AT THE SOUTII.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Sher-
man on the 16th of March:
Resolved, That as organized bands of lawless and
desperate men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oath and secret obligations, are proven
to exist in the State of North Carolina, and have, by
force, terror,and violence, defied civil authority in
that State, and by organized perjury have rendered
the courts powerless to punish the crimes they have
committed, thus overthrowing the safety of person
and property, and the rights which are the primary
basis of civil government, and which are guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States to all its
citizens; and as there is good reason to believe that
similar organizations exist, and have produced sim-
ilar results in many partsof the late insurrectionary
States; therefore, the Judiciary Committee is in-
structed to report a bill or bills to enable the Pres-
ident and the courts of the United States to execute
the laws, punish and prevent such organized vio-
lence, and secure to all citizens therights so guaran-
tied to them.
Mr. BLAIR resumed the floor, and concluded
the speech which he commenced yesterday.
[It will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MORTON next addressed the Senate.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. WEST obtained the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator from
Louisiana desire to address the Senate on this
question ?
, Mr. WEST. That is my intention.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make a sug-
gestion, if it meets the approbation of Sen-
ators : if those who desire to speak upon the
general question would as willingly speak upon
the concurrent resolution, which will still be
before the Senate if the pending resolution
is disposed of, it might facilitate business if
we should now take the vote upon the pend-
ing resolution, and the same debate could go
on upon the concurrent resolution, which will
still remain before us.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island ?
Mr. CASSERLY. There are several Sen-
ators on this side out of the Chamber at
present. I should not like to have any such
understanding made in their absence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I spoke to one or two of
the Democratic Senators, and they seemed to
assent to it. I submit this proposition : that
to-morrow at one o'clock we proceed to take
the vote upon the pending resolution, so that
the Committee on the Judiciary may act in
pursuance of the instructions or directions of
the resolution and consider the subject, and
then the general debate can go on upon any
other matter. I think that will promote busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena
tor from California object to that proposition ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; I object to any
agreement at present.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator from
California, who always wishes to facilitate busi-
ness, will see that nothing can be gained by
making the debate on this resolution rather
than upon tho concurrent resolution, which
will still remain before us. I took the liberty
to consult with several Senators on that side
of the Chamber, and I thought before I made
the suggestion that it would meet the concur-
rence of Senators an both sides.
Mr. SHERMAN. I spoke to my colleague
about it, and he said he desired to speau
on this subject, but preferred to speak 011 the
bill that should come from the House or be
reported from the Judiciary Committee rather
than on this resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I can understand that;
but at the same time I see that a great many
of those members who sit on this side of the
