196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—-Mr. Snyder.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
people to reorganize their own governments and
elect Senators and Representatives. The House of
Representatives will contain a majority of Demo-
crats from the North, and they will admit the Kep-
j esentatives elected by the white people of theSouth,
and. with the cooperation of the President, it will
not be difficult to compel the Senate to submit onee
more to the obligations of the Constitution."
Encouraged by this letter, the South went
ir.to the presidential campaign of 1868. And it
was not until Mr. Seymour made his Buffalo
speech that the southern Democracy saw that,
they were again deceived, and that the words
of this letter were idle fustian.
And finally, the recent reiteration of the
sentiments of that letter by its distinguished
author in the Senate Chamber has inspired the
political leaders of the southern Democracy
with the hope of accomplishing in 1872 what
they failed to do in 1868. And this time fraud
and violence and the fiendish Ku Klux Klan
are to atd in the terrible struggle.
The remedy is with Congress. The Ku Iilux
Klan is organized to smite down your work, to
trample down your laws, and overthrow State
governments you have permitted to be set up.
Are you going to stand by your own work ?
Are you going to save from violence and blood-
shed those whom you have made citizens?
Then pass this bill and give the President
once more power to rescue our endangered
liberties. Sir, [ can trust the President with
the amplest powers. I am willing to go to the
very verge of constitutional limits to enable
him to protect constitutional rights. So, also,
will the American people. They have trusted
liim in the past; they will trust him iu the future.
His administration is stronger iu the confidence
of the people to-day than it was yesterday. It
will be strbnger to-morrow thau to-day. There
are, Mr. Speaker, seven hundred and fifty thou-
sand American citizens, voters, iti the South,
whose children's children, from generation
to generation, will hand down the ages one
name, which shall live long after the party
which has honored it shall have been forgot-
ten ; it is the name of General Grant. And
for what has he asked at our hand ? For legis-
lation under the Constitution to enable him to
make the protecting shield of American citi-
zenship as powerful to the humblest citizen,
of whatever race or color, in Texas as in New
ISnglaud; to secure to the weakest citizen of
the Carolinas the same political and civil rights
enjoyed by the moat favored citizen of the
ltepublic. By granting it we shall act worthy
of an honored ancestry and a glorious history ;
•we shall honor and pay tribute to the graudeur
of American nationality at home and abroad.
Enforcement of FourteenlU Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. P. SNYDER,
OF AKKANSAS,
Is the House of Rei'iieskntatives,
April 0, 1871.
Tho House having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 320) to enforce tho provisions of tho four-
teenth amendment to tho Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. SNYDER said:
Mr. Speaker: 1 shall support the measure
under consideration, and the following are
among the reasons which induce rae so to do :
1. I believe that this measure or an equiva-
lent one is the only remedy for the terrible
evils which have induced its introduction.
2. I believe that this Congress not only has
the constitutional right, but is in duty bound
under existing circumstances to enact the pend-
ing bill into a law.
3. In the State which I have the honor in
part to represent peace, order, tranquillity,
and general prosperity prevail, and I believe
that were it uot tor the existence of the appall-
ing outrages in other portions of the South,
which are disclosed to us by evidence taken
before the committees of Congress, and also
by the combined testimony of scores of public
journals of both political parties, the removal
of disabilities and the relaxation of many of
the stringent measures of reconstruction would
be among the first acts of the Forty-Second Con-
gress j and I am not willing that these immu-
nities should be withheld from a peaceable and
orderly community, such as Arkansas now is,
on account of crimes committed in other sec-
tions of the country.
That immense combinations and conspir-
acies, bound by terrible oaths, and known
under the different names of the White Brother-
hood, Secret Empire, Ku Klux Klan, &c.,
exist in the Carolinas and other southern
States, there can be no doubt. And it ia equally
true that these combinations have for their
object the defeat of Republicanism, the over-
throw of the whole system of reconstruction,
and the ultimate possession of the Govern-
ment; and further, that these combinations
expect to accomplish these ends by threats,
intimidations, whipping, scourging, hanging,
shooting, and murdering the adherents of the
Government in the reconstructed States, and
that even now they are so powerful as to con-
trol State authority and prevent the execution
of the laws for the protection of those who
are daily the victims of their fiendish purposes.
In other words, the Blair Brodhead letter
seems to be their political Bible, and upon its
doctrines the "Klaus'* reorganized in 18G8
and 1869, and prepared for more extensive
and diabolical operations than were, perhaps,
at first contemplated.
It is in no spirit of retaliation, Mr. Speaker,
that I thus declare my opinions, for I had
fondly hoped that ere this these appalling
outrages, that would shock even the Hottentot
or the cannibal, would have been numbered
with the things that were, and that even their
perpetrators would remember them with shud-
dering and regret since the feelings and pas-
sions engendered by the war had had time to
cool. I regret, sir, that I am even called upon
to contemplate them, and much more to legis-
late upon them, for it is with the greatest re-
luctanco that I can recoguize the fact that there
arc perpetrated in this once peaceful, sunny
land, by men born upon American soil, deeds
which for cruelty and baseness exceed those
of the bloody Nero and would cast a shadow
upon the dark catalogue of the Inquisition.
But, sir, in proof of the appalling state of
things above indicated, I will quote some ex-
tracts from a volume of evidence taken before
the Senate committee appointed for that pur-
pose. Of this evidence there is a volume of
four hundred and fifty pages, which affords
overwhelming proof of all the charges alleged
in the premises, and will challenge the assent
of every member upon this floor, unless it may
be some of the willfully blind accomplices and
abettors of the " Klans" on the Democratic
side of the House. And if I succeed in show-
ing from testimony overwhelming and indu-
bitable that the deplorable state of things
alleged does really exist, I cannot believe this
House will refuse to pass this measure. I can
scarcely bring myself to believe that there
are not even some Democrats hete who, hav-
ing been accustomed themselves, in the north-
ern States where they reside, to the blessings
of peace and order, to the protection of the
courts and the refining influence of an advanced
civilization, would support a measure that is
only intended to afford these same blessings
to a portion of their fellow-citizens of this
Republic. The following is an extract from
the introductory remarks of the Senate com-
mittee before referred to;
'4 The language of the resolution authorizing the
appointment ot the committee embraces aU the
southern States. North Carolina having been made
tho subject of a special communication from tho
President, the committee at once entered upon an
investigation of thecondit:onot affairs in that State.
In prosecuting their inquiries they desired to have
before them the representatives of all shades of
political opinion, so that not only in the report of the
committee, but especially in the testimony of the
witnesses, the public would have tho moans of judg-
ing as to the true condition of things existing in the
State, the causes which have led to it, and who are
responsible for its existence or continuance. Ac-
cordingly they sent for, and up to this time have
examined, State and federal judges, prosecuting
officers, political editors, ministers of the gospel,
private citizens both white and colored, members
of what is popularly known as the Ku Klux Klan,
magistrates, constables, members of the bar, men
who have been scoui ged and abused by bands of men
in disguise, and indeed all classes of persona from
whom it was reasonable to expect such testimony
oould be elicited as would torm the basis of a reli-
ablo judgmeut upon tuo subject of inquiry.
" In sending lor such witnesses we had of necessity
to be guided by the local knowledge of those better
acquainted with the State than arc the members of
the oomtmttee. And as tho inquiry, in the very terms
of the resolution, necessarily involved political party
feeling, it was due to candor and justice that wit-
nesses should be summoned who were de-sipnatcd by
the miuority of the committee, as well as those sug-
gested by the majority; and so tar all such have been
summoned, and, as far as time permitted, have been
examined. Of the tifty-two witnesses examined, it
will be tound that twenty-nine are members ot the
Republican or Radical parly, and twenty-one are
members of the Democratic or Conservative party.
One witness, a minister, did not state what were his
party relations, and another stated he had lormed
no party connection. In the twenty-one, ranked aa
membors of the Democratic or Conservative party,
are sixmembersof tho Ku Klux Klan,four ot whom
were summoned because of the belief, from previous
developments, that they could and would reveal tho
existence and objects ot theorgauization. Tho other
two were summoned at the instance ol the minority
of tho committee to show their ill-treatment while
prisoners m tho custody of the State militia; and, •
upou their examination, acknowledged that they
were members of tho order."
It appears„from this extract that fifty-two
witnesses were examined; that twenty-nine
were Republicans and twenty-one Democrats,
thus showing that the committee, unbiased by
political prejudice, sought to develop the whole
truth, in order that appropriate legislation be
entered upon, if any should appear to be needed.
The first witness examined was Mr. J. E. Boyd,
his testimony covering ten pages of the said
volume, and from which I read the following
extracts. Mr. Boyd says :
I livo in tho town of Graham, county of Alamance,
State of North Carolina. 1 am a lawyer by profes-
sion.
Question. How long have you resided there ?
Answer. I have lived in tho county of Alamance
since my birth. * * * * I joined that
organization in the town ot Graham, in November,
18G8. * * * * I do not recollect the
exact words of the oath which I took; I can only
give the substance of it. I was not regularly initi-
ated in a regular camp, as it was called; I was initi-
ated in the room of tho chief ofthecounty. The oath
set out by swearing me never to reveal the name of the
person who initiated me. It went on by making me
swear that 1 was not a member of the Union League,
Heroes of America, Grand Army of tho Republic, or
any other political organization having tor its object
the civil or political promotion of the colored race.
I was sworn never to reveal any of the secrets of the
organization which came to my knowledge as a mem-
ber of the organization; to obey ail lawtul orders of
the officers of the organization, that 1 would attend
tho meetings as regularly as possible, and comply
with the regulations of the organization. The lob-
ulations, which were a separate part of the oath,
prescribed the manner of holding meetings, the dis-
guise to be worn, and the manner of making raids.
Question. Can you give us in detail what those
regulations were ?
Answer. Tho meetings were to be held in secret
places, in tho woods or some other place distant from
au> habitation, in order to avoid detection. The
disguise prescribed was a long white gown and a
mask tor the face. No applicant could be admitted
as a member ot the organization until his name had
iirst been submitted to a regular camp. A county
was divided into a certain number of districts, and
each district composed a camp, which was under the
command of a captain. The whole county consti-
tuted a Klan, under the command ot a chief. No
person could be initiated as the member of any
camp until his name had been submitted to tho camp
and his application unanimously agreed to by tue
members ot the camp. The manner of making raids
was prescribed by tho regulations. No raid was to
be made, no person punished, no execution done
unless it had first been unanimously agreed upon at
a regular meeting of a camp of the Klan and duly
approved by the officers and the chief of the Klan.
