1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
at no time was it conducted with secrecy, and
generally proceeded underthe scrutiny of from
wo to three hundred interested parties.
When it was completed the defeated candi-
dates and their friends raised the cry of frauds j
they resorted to the courts, presided over by
Democratic judges, and after a fruitless con-
test in tlis way they gracefully succumbed
and acquies ed in the result of what has been
since conceded as the most quiet and peaceful
election held in Louisiana within the memory
of the oldest inhabitant.
For that part of the Senator's remarks basing
his charge of fraud in that election upon ad-
missions made by my colleague, I refer the
Senate to him when he shall have the oppor-
tunity of speaking for himself, though I had
it from his own lips last night that the Senator
from Missouri had not truly represented him.
I deny the charge that, under Republican
rule, there has been a reckless increase of
the public debt of Louisiana. The Demo-
cratic Legislature of I860, created under Pres-
ident Johnson's policy, appropriated more
money than its two Republican successors. The
bonds of Louisiana, upon the accession of the
Republicans to power, were only worth thirty-
five to forty cents on the dollar. They are
now salable at sixty-five to seventy, and are
i-n good repute with capitalists throughout the
country.
Our financial position can best be illustrated
by quoting from the remarks of the member
from the second congressional district, made
yesterday upon the floor of the House, in reply
to similar attacks upon the credit of our State.
Mr. Sheldon said:
"When tho present administration of the State
government came into power the bonded, flouting,
and contingent debts of the State of Louisiana
amounted to something like fourteen million dol-
lars. The Republican administration has built more
than forty miles of expensive and permanent levees,
besides repairing levees in other places, which has
contributed largely to the increase of the indebted-
ness of the State." •* *■ # * * *
"Now, there in one other fact which ought to be
considered in relation to a correct understanding
of this whole matter. When the war closed there
was a mania in the public mind of the South among
men of all political parties in favor of tho construc-
tion of railroads and other works of internal im-
provements. It equally prevailed with the Demo-
cratic ab well as with the liepubliean party. Money
has been liberally appropriated in all the States for
railroads. The same thing has taken place in my
State; but, sir, not one dollar has been appropriated
for any sham railroad, but m every instanco tho
money has been devoted for the purpose of construct-
ing bona jide railroads, and it has been expended in
g">od faith and to the great advantage of the State."
The Senator evinces a readiness to adopt
any statement to the disparagement of Repub-
lican governments at the South that are made
in the public press. With eagerness he quotes
from a New Orleans paper a statement that
the debt of Louisiana amounts to $40j0003000.
Had ho looked a little further in that same
paper he would have discovered the official
statement of the State auditor that the debt
was $28,500,000, and he would also have dis-
covered that the auditor's arithmetic is com-
mented upon as follows:
"The statement prepared by the auditor shows
an indebtedness of $25,203,733 87, and it took the
ingenuity of an experienced arithmetician to raise
this sum above the constitutional limit; he adds the
bonds issued to the property banks, which form no
part of the actual debt; outstanding warrants, which
bear no interest; an amount due for runaway slaves,
which can never be recovered; a debt due to tho
United States Government for money given to the
State in 1835, and which has never been called for in
the darkest hours of the Republic, and which never
will be called for, &c. But there his arithmetical
powers seem to have given out, and he could not
deduct the amount of warrants paid by the State
treasurer, the amount of bonds already reduced by
the State; he did not consider the assets nor the
revenues of the State, which latter, the treasurer
shows, amounted to over a million and a half in
three months, and which are used to pay contingent
expense? and to take up outstanding warrants,
whereof $25,340 50 and $1,221,349 13 have been paid
during chat short period of time, if these deduc-
tions are made, we *ind again that the actual debt
amounts to about sixteen million dollars."
I have the honor to know well the official
whose arithmetic is thus criticised. An old
citizen of our State, of unquestioned loyalty
during the rebellion, of a character beyond
reproach, and withal a Republican, he has, in
his very zeal to protect the State, thus exagger-
ated her liabilities, with a view to prevent'the
augmentation of the State debt, to which he is
opposed. But the critic of that official's figures
might have advanced one step further. He might
have called attention to the fact that there are
three items of railroad bonds, which the State
is to guaranty, that amount in the aggregate
to $11,575,000, which have not yet been issued.
In the statement which the Senator has quoted
they are classed as accruing debt, that is to
say, they are to become debts of the State in
case the railroad companies should ultimately
fail to pay them, a contingency not very prob-
able when it is known that the State only
guaranties to the extent of $12,500 per mile.
And further, these bonds are to be issued as
the railroads are completed in sections of forty
miles. They are to run thirty years, and were
they all to be issued in the year 1871 the
default of the railroad companies could not
occur until the year 1891, and consequently
the State's liability does not fall within the
constitutional limit of $25,000,000, expiring in
1890.
This debt of-Louisiana, which the Senator
thinks so monstrous, and which is enough in
all conscience, owes its creation in part to the
votes of the Democratic members of our Legis-
lature, who have never failed in a single in-
stance, I believe, to keep pace with their Re-
publican colleagues in recording an affirma-
tive vote for every scheme of expenditure,
whether judicious or extravagant.
The Democratic party in Louisiana, how-
ever, differ witrh the Republicans in regard
to the State debt in one essential particu-
lar. While the Republicans have sought to
restrict the debt within a constitutional limit
of $25,000,000, passing, by a unanimous vote
of their party in the Legislature, an amend-
ment of that character to the constitution, sub-
mitting it to a popular vote, and carrying it
by a triumphant majority; the Democrats
opposed such limitation. Opposition to such
a limitation was one of the planks of their
party platform in our recent election, and I
believe they generally voted against it.
The Senator from Missouri relies for his forty-
million figures upon a publication made by a
number of citizens of New Orleans, warning
the financial world of this country and Europe
that they consider all such loans, indorse-
ments, and pledges of no value, and they say
they will sustain the authorities in resisting
their issue. Now, Mr. President, who are these
authorities whom the good citizens of New
Orleans say they will sustain in resisting the
issue of State obligations, which they contend
have been wrongfully incurred? Are they
Democrats? Not a whit of it. They arc full-
blown Republicans, manfully resisting the tide
of extravagance that has been swollen by the
help of Democratic votes. In the vernacular
of the Senator from Missouri, one of them is a
"carpet-bagger'' and the other is a "scalawag.''
These are the authorities who are to be sus-
tained in their well-doing, and it is very com-
mendable that they should be.
But the honorable Senator charges us with
having given outright subsidies to a railroad
company without a particle of obligation for
their return. So we have. That charge cannot
be denied, nor do I desire to do so. When
the Legislature of Louisiana found that the
fir-reaching enterprise of the people of the
western States was extending a grasp for the
trade and commerce of our sister State of
Texas they thought it to our interest to sub-
sidize a railroad that would speedily connect
New Orleans with the interior of our neigh-
bor; and were the people of Louisiana called
upon to-day to indorse the wisdom and expe-
diency of that measure by a popular vote there
would be no doubt of their verdict of approval.
And yet to this measure to which the Senator
takes exception the votes of Democratic mem-
bers of the Legislature were accorded, and
they deserve credit for having done so.
So much for Republican railroad finan-
ciering in Louisiana. Now let us contrast it
with some of the experiences of our Demo-
cratic friends in that line. In the good old
ante helium days the State of Louisiana and
the city of New Orleans jointly subscribed
$4,000,000 toward assisting in the construc-
tion of two railroads—one running to Jackson,
Mississippi, and th6 other extending toward
Texas. The road to Jackson, after a preca-
rious existence, finally came to grief, and has
recently been sold to a northern company, the
people who subscribed to its stock from their
public treasury getting less in return for their
stock when sold than the interest that has
been paid upon the bonds issued for the sub-
scription.
The road to Texas fared scarcely as well.
It stopped eighty miles from New Orleans,
floundered, appealed unsuccessfully to the
no-longer-to-be-humbugged people for further
pecuniary aid, and was recently sold to a
northern creditor whose claim absorbed it all,
and the public are minus their stock, with noth-
ing but a piece of a railroad to show for it.
Mark the difference: when the Democratic
party held sway in Louisiana its Legislature
subscribed to railroads and issued State bonds
in advance of their construction, flattered the
people with the idea that stock would pay for
the bonds, and ignominiously conclude by
owning nothing, but paying the bonds. The
Republican administration holds out no such
false delusions. Jt sees the trade of Texas
likely to be wrested from New Orleans; it
meets the case squarely, determines that the
granting of a direct subsidy is requisite to pre-
vent such a catastrophe, and relies upon the
people being compensated in the advantages
to accrue from the opening of a highway to
the empire that is unfolding to the west of us.
One more contrast: the State does not now
give its money in advance; the subsidy is not
to be paid except as the road is laid and com-
pleted in sections of one hundred miles.
I come now, Mr. President, to the charge
that our chief Executive went from Missouri
to Louisiana a penniless beggar, revels now
in wealth, enjoys the comforts of a palatial
residence, and signs no bills except for a con-
sideration. I do not know of Governor War-
moth's pecuniary circumstances when he be-
came a citizen of Louisiana; but I know that
prior to his election as Governor he had, by
the practice of his profession, the law, amassed
a considerable fortune. I know nothing about
his present means, and I presume that the
Senator from Missouri knows personally quite
as little. But I do know that his "palatial"
residence and the ground upon which it stands
cost $27,000, and that it was built and is owned
and occupied by him, in conjunction with his
former law-partner, the clerk of the supreme
court. So that the Governor's interest in his
palatial residence in the State of Louisiana
has cost the princely sum of $13,500, such a
sum as would not buy a respectable house in
this city!
The story that he signs no bills except for a
consideration is an old woman's tale, most dis-
credited where most circulated by his enemies ;
and, to use the favorite expression of the gentle-
man who repeated it from hearsay upon this
floor, is not borne out by the facts.
Governor War moth has vetoed bills grant-
ing subsidies and giving away the State's money
without number. He has stood, and he stands
to-day, the bulwark against legislative schemes
and the acknowledged defender by the Dem-
ocratic party of Louisiana as well as by his
own Republican friends, of the State treasury,
against illegitimate and plundering schemes.
If the Senate will bear with me, I will read a
short extract from his message delivered at the
last annual convening of the Legislature :
" I earnestly reeomincnrt you to exercise rigid
economy in making appropriations. It must be
