198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Snyder.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
A. H. Joyce, a very prominent and sensible gentle-
man, told mo that he had attempted to have these
persons indicted for terribt© outrages, which ho de-
tailed to mo, and though he had made thorough
cases against them before the grand jury, they were
iuvjiriably acquitted, and I heard the same from
other solicitors throughout the State. I do not know
anything of my own personal knowledge.
Question. From your intercourse with the judges
and solicitors of the State, and your own obser-
vation, what is your belief as to the possibility of
securing j ustice in the courts against members of this
organization who commit the outrages?
Answer. I think the judges who preside in thedis-
tricts whore these outrages have been committed
regard that statute as a dead letter. X do not think
they think they can enforce it.
Question. For what reason ?
Answer. Well, sir, tliey regard these men as bound
together by terrible oaths to acquit each other, and
do any kind of false swearing for the benefit of each
other.
Judge Brooks of the United States court.
North Carolina, testifies as follows:
Question. Now, as to those outrages which it is
alleged havo been committed by this secret organ-
ization in various .parts of tho State, do you know
of any of tho criminals who havebeen arrested, tried,
and convicted lor having boon engaged in those out-
rages?
Answer, I do not know of any.
Question. Has there been any ono so tried and con-
victed, to your knowledge ?
I do not know of any. There are somo
cases-—tho first casos of that character—that I have
reason to bclievo will como up at a future term of tho
Federal court. Arrests have boon made by order of
tho United States eommisfcionor, and the parties
have been bound over fur trial; but the cases are
not yet in court.
Judge Logan says:
In tho county of liuthorford, about three weeks
ago, a whito woman wan whipped, Tho information
that 1 had about it was that it was done by men dis-
guised. In the county of Itnlhorl'ord my opinion is
that it fair trial could bo had; that is, if tho evi-
dence were sufficient to oonviet any one of any
offense. Thesoarolho only instance* that happened
in the county of Kuthorl'ord.
Quixlion. Were tho outrages iuflioted by persons
in disguise?
A>utwer, Yes, sir; all of them. Tho persons that
I had ai rested appeared before mo and tho proof
was* that they wore disguised. * * *• *
I left homo last Monday woek; I saw different
men on tho road, as respectable as any in tho State
of North Carolina—men who had heretofore boon
bold and fearless about tolling to any ono what they
believed to bo tho case, but who have now becomo
fearful,  ud have stopped talking. * h a
Qac>t:oa. Do you roler to their talking about the
-organization ilholf, or to tho expression of their
political views?
Both : in talking about tho organization
and tho courso that its members Pursue; in speak-
ing of any ono belonging to the Ku Klux organisa-
tion, for instance, and of their going out and whip-
ping people, or passing eonsuro oil any ono con-
nected with any such order.
Mr. Bynum, u State's attorney, says:
QucMi&n. Do tho political parties divide in their
sentiments in regard to tho outrages committed by
thi.j! organization, or do those of tho same political
party differ with each other iuregard tothern? Give
us (ho true slate of feeling on that subject.
„i■•i.iu'c./-. I think the Republican party, us u party,
are umvorsally opposed to thoso Klans ; they aro
regarded by them as confined to tho Democratic
party, or the Uonsorvativo party, as it is called
thoro. The Conservative party are divided on tho
subject. I think tho respectable portion of that
party 'li-.eountenance these outrages. I think nono
ot them op mly give thorn countenance. But! think
the.^o organizations aro generally confined to tho
ltio.H worthier class of society. The difficulty with
mo has been Unit 1 apprehend they are tacitly coun-
tenau«'<d by the Coin-ei vativo party, who aro will-
ing to derive the benefits that may result from their
operations.
On tho i\ho)c I am satisfied that, as a law officer,
I can do nothing through the oidinary channels of
the court*. In ui> judgment, thero aro only two
wayM of arresting the evil: first, by arousing: public
opinion to put it down; or, secondly, by invoking
tho aid ol United States troops, and making some
fchaip and decisive examples.
Two or three colored poisons, to my knowledge,
have been shot, and a great many whipping* ha.vo
taken place in the counties of Cleveland, Lineola,
and Gaston, I will state in regard to one ease that
on'iio io my knowledge only a few days ago. it is
th" eu«e ot a white person of the name of Oarpon-
ter. He stated that he had employed two negroes to
Vwrk lor him this year; that they were negioesof
good character, honest and industrious. Shortly
aii<ir he hud employed them ho was advised by some
of his neighbor^ to send (hem oil'; that they did not
Want them in thai neighborhood. He declined to
send *Uc negroes away, and a night or two afterward
uUitguucd hand came to his house. They went
i'uto t ib nouse, ran hixu off, broke open his drawers,
searched the hoace from bottom to top, and when
they went away they carried off, he says, eighty dol-
lars in money. They ran the negroes off, and
alarmed his wife, who was there alone with four or
five children, and he stated that since that time his
wife has been in such a condition that she has been
afraid to live here; that he had abandoned his
house, and gone to live in a log cabin or kitchen,
because it was ft more secure place; and that he
and his family were now sleeping on the floor,
apprehending an attaek every night.
The following is the testimony of Mr. Keogh,
a practicing attorney of Guilford county, North
Carolina:
Answer. You asked me to give my opinien whether
the laws aro administered there properly and thor-
oughly.
Queition. Well; what is your answer to that ?
Answer. My answer is, that in some instances,
where parties for instance aro concerned in outrages
committed by the order of which we have been
speaking, my observation is that there are no con-
victions. I know that people have been whipped
and scourged, and some have been killed; but the
guilty have never been brought to punishment. Of
course, the courts aro tho proper tribunals to award
the punishment, but they have never been able to i
do it in any of thoso cases. Arguing from that, I
think the laws have not been administered as thoy
should havo been. I do not say that is the fault of
the courts, but it is the result of a combination out-
side of the courts that prevents tho administration
of justice in thoso particular cases. An alibi is
proved in nearly every case. Kow \tis very singu-
lar that in all that class of cases that should be the
general lino of defense, and they always prove an
alibi without any difficulty.
Mr. Upchurch testifies as follows;
Question. Do you mean that since the last election
thoro have been no outrages of this character?
Answer. Oh, no, sir; I do not say that; because
ono was committed tho other day to my certain
knowledge. A witness that I had against an illicit
distillor gave evidence before a commission in Ral-
eigh, and on his return horn# he was whipped very
soveroly. Ho was a whito man of some character. I
do not say it was finally stopped, but it is wt so
rampant as it used to bo.
Mr. Etkelbert Hughes saya:
In that county, (Lonoir,) a short timo ago, about a
month, X think, there was a band of disguised men
went to tho house of a colored man by the name of
Whitfield, called him out of his bod, and shot him
in cold blood, and carried away his horse. Then thoy
proeoeded to another house and shot a man and
woman who occupied it, and took away a horso from
that place. One or two of thoso men 1 think were
rocognized by tho woman who was shot, aud upon
her information Sheriff Hunter arrested them, as I
learned from him boforo I left; and he stated that
without doubt they were guilty. On my way hero I
loarnod that they wore discharged, as is customary,
on straw bail. I havo hoard of a groat many out-
rages by common report.
Thomas F. Wilford, himself a member of
the Klan, deposes as follows:
Question. Have you ever heard of a KuKlux being
convictod of any offense thoro?
Anmoer. No, sir.
Question. Was thero anythiug in the obligation
you took, or tho rules of the order, as to your being
obliged to defend men by your oaths, or otherwise?
Avmoer. Yes, sir; if ho could got you in as a wit-
now*, you had to swear him out, let you be swearing
a lie or not. if you sworo against him, why you
might just a< well bo ^-traveling at oneo.
Question. You moan by that you would bo in dan-
ger of your hfo from tho order?
Antwer. Yes, sir.
Question. Anything about getting on thnjury ?
Answer. Yes, sir; if wo could got on the jury we
could save hiui, do what you ploaso.
Question. No matter what tho proof?
Answer. Yes, sir; youeould not bring proof enough
to convict.
The following affidavit tells its own story ;
I joined an organization in Doccrabor, 1869, or
January, 1870, called Ku Klux or White Brother-
hood. A party of disguised men carno to my houso,
and said they understood 1 wanted to see the Ku
Klux; wanted to know what I wanted with them,
and finally persuaded me to join them. X am oeitain
that X know one of them, J. I. ilcPhcrson. I think
Peter Foust's boys, and (George and John Barber were
in tho crowd. One of them administered an oath
to mo. They then told me there was work to bo done
that night, and that i must go with them ; they then
gave mc a gown, and 1 went with them. We went
first to Manly Turner's; they inquired there if any-
thing was to be done; was told that Jim Colo said
ho wanted tlicni to come and give him his whipping,
and let his dread be over. Colo had said that if they
came to his house ho would put seven balls into
some of them. We then went to Cole's, and ordered
him to open tho door; he dono so; they asked his
wife ifho had not been maltreating her; >hesaid he
hud not; they asked what he meant by threatening
to shoot theKu Klux; he denied making any such
threats; they told him he had, and pulled him out
of the house; two of them held him while another
commenced to whip him: tho first one gave him ten
licks; another man then gave him ten; they then
told me that I must give him ten, and I done so; X
saw blood stains through his shirt, and I did not hit
him very hard; I was compelled to do it, for they
swore me to do everything I was told, even to kill
my own father; they would have whipped him more,
but I begged for him. Wo then went to Alfred Hat-
wood's and told him about whipping Colo. Thero
was nothing more done that night; they told mo
they would give me notice when I was wanted again.
I never attended any meeting, and never went on
any other raid. I could not gat out of it; if I had
tried to, or told anything, I would have been killed.
I understood the object of the organization to be to
take tho law in our own hands, and to whip or kan#
any one we saw proper.
WM. QUAOKENBTJSH.
August 1,1870.
Also the following:
I was initiated as a member of the organization of
the White Brotherhood abouttwo years ago. I was
initiated by George Mebane; there were about six
present, all in disguise, save Younger. Mebane was
in disguise until after I was initiated ; then he took
off his false face. The others I did not know. After
Younger and myself were initiated we were asked
what we came thero for. I answered, I did not know.
They said, " Wo had you brought hero to make some-
thing in the shape ot a coffin for to put at Joseph
McAdam's door to scare him." I told them " That is
something I cannot do/' Some of tho party told me
that if I did not do it I would be hanged, and put a
rope around my neck, and one of them run up a treo
with a rope in his hands, and some ono said " Hold
on." There the matter stopped. Iassisted in making
the coffin or box. I did this, fearing that if I did not!
would bo punished with death, as I thought. After
makiag this box it was left in the shop, which wan
an open one. On the next morning the coffin was
missing. This coffin was finished on Saturday. Tho
next I heard of this was that thocoffin was placed at
Mr. MoAdam's door. I did not know tho parties
that placed at tho door of Mr. McAdam this coffin.
I never afterward had anything to do with the
organization, because, from the above, X was led to
believe that its purposes were wrong.
I would have exposed tho whole thing at tho timo
if I had not been afraid of being punished by death
by tho organization. I do not think any man could
havo been convicted by the civil authority, for tho
reason that wo were bound to swear for our com-
rades, even to tho oxtont of an alibi, and no power
but the military could havo broken it up. I never
had a gown ; I was never in disguise. This organ-
ization was for the purpose of the advancement of
the interests of tho Conservative party.
F.U.BLAKCJtlARl).
Swern and subscribed before me, August 17,1870.
W. A. ALBRIGHT. O. S. 0.
Caswell Holt, after he had been beaten,
II bucked/11 and bung, was about three weeks
afterward visited the second time and dealt
with as appears from the following extract
from his affidavit:
Question. Now, go on and tell us about tho time
when you were visited again.
Ansicer. It went on in that way until tho crop was
gathered again; it was about two weeks beforo
Christmas. I had dono gathered tho crop, and sowed
a little wheat on tho place. I was going to move
tho next week. I would have left, the week bcfoie
they shot me, but there was a littleroad they wanted
to cut eut from Gun Creek to Company's Shops,
and X wont there on Saturday and worked on that.
I had been chopping very hard, and came home that
night and laid down on the bod. The boys were all
up there that night. Tho dog broko out after 1 laid
down. Thoro was a hole in tho walls of the house;
it was a log house; and the boys peeped out and
said, "Here, pap, tho Ku Klux are all around the
house." I said, "They are?" Thoy said, " Yes."
By this time they were at tho door, and *aid, " Open
tho door." They struck against the door with a
stick, or something—bang against tho door. I said,
" No, sir ; I don't open my door for no man, unless
ho tells me who he is and whatbowants." He said,
"God damn you, open the door," I thought when
ho come that way, he wouldn't get me to open it,
suro. I said, "No, sir." Ilo said, ''Strike alight
beforo you open it." I said, " I've nothing to make
a light of, and if I had I wouldn't do it, and I won't
open the door." X then went to tho door ; it was a
little thiu poplar door, about three-quarter inch
plank. I stood at the door. My biggest boy was
standing a little piece off from me. There was an
ax sitting thero, and I picked it up and went to
reach it to him, so that if they should break in wo
would hurt some of them before they did too much
mischief. I had<a bowie-knife in my hand, standing
there at the door. I was standing there as close as I
am now to this table. They said, ,v Open rhe door."
I said I shouldn't do it. Then ono said. " Blow his
brains, out." Just as be said that they all fired
through the door, just red-hot, just flaming red, when
they came through. 1 didn't think it was but one
crack; but thoy said they shot a half a dozen times
or more. I clapped my hand on here [placing his
hand on his breastj and said, *' There, they've shot
me." My boy knew where there wero some loose
