187L]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Snyder.
Ho. of Reps.
planks in the floor. He jerked up two of them, and
they all run through under the house—ali the big-
gest of thorn; all but the throo little girls I had.
Question. IIow many children had you ?
Answer. ISine.
Question. Were they all in the house?
Aftioer. Yes, sir; and my wife and the biggest of
the children run in there under the floor. They
took rails and punched the door into splinters and
came in. They said, when they come in, "0, yes;
God damn your old soul, if you had opened the door
before you wouldn't have been shot." I said, "I
didn't oi/en it then." They said. "Yes.you'reshot;
hu?h that groarunsr'' I saitl. "I can't stop the
groaning." They struck up a light. I was lyins? on
the floor flat on ray back, and had the knife in my
hand. They said, "What arc you doing with that
knifo?" I said, " I had it." They said. " Yes, God
damn you, you're shot, too. You said you wasn't
afraid of all the Ku Klux in the county." I said,
"No. I didn't say that; you hoard it from somebody
else." They said, " Are you afraid of them now ?"
I said, "I don't know anything about them." Ho
said, "Do you know me?" I said, "No, I don't
know anything about you." He said, " Where's all
them boys you had here?" I said, "I don't know
where they are; they were here a tew minutes ago."
He said, " Where are the guns and pistols and
everything you've got here ?" I said, "They ain't
here, because I haven't got'em and never had'em."
He said, " You're a liar; you b&ve some guns here."
I said, "Yes, a couple of old guns." He said,
"Where are they?" I said, "They're sitting here
somewhere; you can find 'em if you look for 'em."
They took them out and broke them all to pieces, and
then said, "Throw these things out and set it afire;
we will make thorn get out of here." The little
girls were hollering and screaming, and they fell to
whipping em." One of them said, (i Let 'em alone;
don't abuse 'em." And another said, "Don't put
any fire in the bouse, but throw the things out."
They then threw out one bed, broke my looking-
glass and wheel, and everything else pretty near.
Another said, "Come, George, we must make quick
time here." And as soon as they said that they
wero all gone, an«t I haven't seen them since.
The following shows that many persons were
initialed into the "Klan" without knowing its
diabolical purposes, but upon learning its true
character abandoned it:
Alamanue County, July 28,1870.
We, the undersigned, citizens of Alamance county,
do hereby acknowledge that we have been members
of an organization in said county known to the pub-
lic as the Ku Klux Klan, but known to the members
thereof as the WhiteBrotherhood, or Constitutional
Union Guard.
This organization in the outset, as we understood
it, was purely political, and for the mutual protec-
tion of tUe members thereof and_their families; but,
since joining, we have been pained to know Ufaat*
while the objects of the organization were to attain
certain political ends, the sieans u.?ed and resorted
to were such as would shock a civilized and enlight-
ened people. And we hereby publiely and mde-
1 pendently dissolve our connection with this organ-
ization, and call upon upright and law-abiding citi-
zens everywhere to do the same thing, knowing, as
we do, that unless the crimes which have been com-
mitted by this organization can be put a stop to and
the organization itself entirely broken up, civil lib-
erty and personal safety are at an end in this county,
and life and property and everything else will boon
be at the mercy of an organized mob.
We intend to see that the signs, grips, and pass-
words of this organization are fully exposed, to-
gether with the plans of operations, &e., so that the
people everywhere may see with their own eyes.
In making these confessions we have implicated no
one but ourselves, but we hope tint our friends will
take warning, from what has transpired within the
last few days, and immediately withdraw from or-
ganizations such as we have mentioned, and assist
us and all other good citizens in restoring peace and
good order in our county. CLEMBNT a CURTIg>
'JAMES 13. BOYD.
ROBERT IIANXER,
JOHN It. STOCKARD,
JACOB MICHAEL,
J.N. tl. OLENDENIN,
HENRY ALBRIGHT,
JAMES H.FOUST,
D. D. TEAGUE,
A. J. PATTERSON,
J. A. J. PATTERSON,
JOHN G. ALBRIGHT,
CHRIST.C. CURTIS,
S. A. CURTIS,
W. S. BRADSIIAW,
JASPER N. WOOD.
W. S. Bradshaw, J. W. Long, Thomas F.
Williford, Lucian H. Murry, and George W.
Rogers, all ex-members of the Klan, testify
to the following as the oath of the organization :
You solemnly swear, in the presence of Almighty
God. tliat you will never reveal the name of the per-
son who initialed you; and that you will never re-
veal what is now about to come to your knowledge;
and that youaronotnow a member of the Rod String
Order, Union League, Heroes of America, Grand
Army of the Republic, or any other organisation
whose aim and intention is to destroy the rights of
the South, or of the States, or of the people, or to
elevate the negro to a political equality with your-
self; and that you are opposed to all such principles.
So help you God.
You further swear before Almighty God that you
will be true totheprinciples of this brotherhood and
the members thereof; andthafcyou will never reveal
any of the secrets, orders, aets, or edicts, and that
you will never make known to any person, not a
known member of this brotherhood, that you are a
member yourself, or who are members; and tha.t you
will never assist ill initiating or allow to be initiated,
if you can prevent it, any one belonging to the Red
String Order, Union League, Heroes of America,
Grand Army of the Republic, or any one holding
Radical views or opinions; and should any member
of this brotherhood, or their families, bo in danger,
you will inform them of their danger, and, if neces-
sary, you will go to their assistance; and that you
will oppose ali Radicals and negroes in all of their
political designs; ami that should aDy Radical or
negro impose on, abuse, or injure any member of
this brotherhood, you will assistin punishing him in
any manner the camp may direct.
You further swear that you will obey all calls and
summonses of the chief of your camp or brotherhood
should it be in your power so to do.
Given upon this, your obligation, that you wil.
never give the word of distress unless you are in great
need of assistance; and should you hear it given by
any brother, you will go to his or their assistance;
and should any member reveal any of the secrets
acts, orders, or edicts of the brotherhood, vou will
assist in punishing him in any way the camp may
direct or approve of. So help you God.
I have' read largely from this testimony,
because my remarks are to be published in
the Globe, "and I desire that the world may
know, as far as possible, the potent reasons
which this Congress has for "stretching1' its
constitutional powers, as some have it, m the
passage of this bill. The testimony above
quoted refers to affairs in North Carolina only,
from which we learn that multiplied hundreds
of loyal people, both male and female, black
and white, have been whipped, scourged,
lacerated, exiled, robbed, and murdered, by
these demonish Klans. In three counties
alone over one hundred such cases occurred
within a brief space of time and have gone*'
unpunished, and through the instrumentality
of false swearing and other reprehensible
means it is utterly impossible to punish them.
Anarchy and violence are supreme and the
adherents of the Government are utterly un-
protected. They appeal in vain to State
authority and are now before us as humble
suppliants for Federal protection, and unless
we afford that protection ^unhesitatingly say
they absolved from their allegiance. For
eleven weary years those people, loyal to the
Government, have endared every privation,
every insult, every woe, and every oppression
in its direst forms, and with a marvelous
tenacity and zeal have maintained their devo-
tion to the flag, hoping each day that ere long,
beneath the folds of that flag, they might find
repose from their toils and solace in their sor-
rows.
But, sir, that protection has not been afford-
ed, or at least so meagerly that I apprehend
those people are now making their last appeal
to the Federal Government for protection.
Superior social and political influence around
them will either compel acquiescence or pro-
duce exile, extermination, or war. As the ten-
derest affection may be crushed by neglect, so
may the most ardent devotion to country and
the flag be not only abated, bat converted into
contempt, by indifference on the part of that
Government that should reward it. It is well
known in my State that the colored man has
no truer friend than myself;_ but [ wish to state
a fact right here that seems in a great measure
to have been overlooked by Republicans in this
House; and that is, that there are millions of
white loyalists in the southern States who
have been as true to the flag as the needle to
the pole, and who during the war suffered far
more than the colored man, if noi since the
war. And these men's devotion to the flag in
1801 was not inspired by the hope of official
aggwindizement, for in those dark days that. w;is
the last reasonable hope that could be emer
tained. Cut off from participation in any of
the organized movements around them, they
saw nothing before them but proscription,
personal danger, and every conceivable embar-
rassment. Through the four weary years of
the war and since they maintained an unflinch-
ing adherence to the Government, their pure
and simple patriotism rising even to sublim-
ity in the very hour when suffering and danger
were the greatest.
But, Mr. Speaker, we have abundant proof
of the existence of the Klan in other south-
ern States as well as North Carolina; but, hav-
ing read largely already from the testimony in
the North Carolina cases, I cannot, for want
of time, do more than briefly refer to that per-
taining to other States. The terrible murders
and other revolting outrages in South Carolina,
perpetrated by this Klan, and frequently re-
ferred to in this debate, are too notorious, and
many of them too recent to require proof. The
same remark applies to Alabama and Georgia.
The recent murders in Mississippi perpetrated
by the Klan are known to the world. _ The
card of the recently exiled mayor of Meridian,
Mississippi, published in the New York Tri-
bune, tells its own terrible story. That func-
tionary, after several horrible murders had
been committed immediately around him, was
notified by the Klan to depart the State, and
knowing too well the consequence of disregard
of this notice, he is an exile in New York city
to day. Governor Alcorn has called upon the
Legislature to provide him with cavalry to sup-
press the violence of these klans that is run-
ning rampant through ths State. We have
volumes of proof attesting the same deplor-
able state of things in Tennessee.
In the Stat& of Arkansas we have peace,
order, and tranquillity, and I am proud to
congratulate the good people of thaS> State,
of any and all political parties, that it is so.
Yes, Mr. Speaker, Arkansas to-day enjoys re-
pose and general prosperity throughout her
borders. Dissrder and violence no longer
assail her people, but her homes are quiet
and her hearth-stones are cheerful, while her
green valleys and lovely landscapes wear
renewed .charms amid the glad^ light of the
suu of pe'ace, which sheds its mild splendors
from the zenith of our political firmament.
But, sir, while Arkansas enjoys this precious
boon, 1 regret to say that she obtained it
through the very instrumentalities provided
in this bill. Powell Clayton, our valiant and
sagacious Governor in 1868 and 1869, when
the Klan was in force in Arkansas, murder-
ing and scourging our citizens, appreciated
the character of the monster and boldly and
promptly resorted to the very remedies pro-
vided in this bill. The result was peace and
repose to the people and prosperity to the
State. And while Governor Clayton was pur-
sued by the most venomous malignity for his
action, both fcom Democrats and Democratic
journals in and out of the State, my opinion is
that there are now but few persons in Arkan-
sas, even among the Conservatives, that would
recall, if they could, those outrages which he
suppressed by application of the severe rem
edies of militia and martial law. I do not
believe, nay, I know, that the good citizens of
the Conservative party in Arkansas, of whom
I am proud to say there are many, would not
now recall the violent and bloody scenes of
1868 and 1859 in Arkansas, even though at
the time they censured our noble Governor
for resorting to martial law to suppress them.
But our Democratic friends may say that
Clayton made an unauthorized use of martial
law, and deny, as they have done upon this
floor in leference to other States, the very ex-
istence of the murderous Klan. If so, let me
upon my own responsibility relate a brief but
