200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. oj? Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Snyder.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
sad story. In 1868 and 1869 I was a State
senator. The Assembly took a recess ill 1868,
about the lastof July till the following Novem-
ber. During the session, however, members
frequently found upon their desks in the morn-
ing threatening letters expressed in the myste-
r'ous jargon of the Klan, and signed in red
ink, indicating blood. Democrats grew jocu-
lar over these menaces, as they now do, declar-
ing that there was no such thing as Ku Klux,
and that the blood-signed letters were mere
"tricks" oftheboysfor the purpose of having
a "little fun." But the sequel showed what
the " trick" was. In the brief recess of three
months before alluded to, and upon our return
to the State capital, we found Senators Barker
and Wheeler carrying the lead of the assassin
in their bodies, the latter having been left on
the roadside by his would-be assassins as dead.
Hon. H. A. Millen was the subject of a foul
attempt at assassination while conveying the
remains of his wife out of the State for inter-
ment in a northern State. Dr. Johnson, a
leading member of the Assembly, was brutally
murdered in the presence of his wife and chil-
dren; and Mason, another member, was also
slain. The deputy sheriff of Drew county was
made to embrace a colored man, and in
that attitude the two were bound together, shot
dead, and left by the roadside. The clerkand
sheriff of another county were compelled by
the mob to resign, designate their successors,
and surrender the offices into their hands.
During this time the Ku Klux of Memphis
and Arkansas combined boarded a steamer,
aud threw overboard into the Mississippi a
number of guns procured by our Government
for the use of the State. A gentleman in White
county, who, under the direction of Governor
Clayton, had obtained some of the secrets
of the Klan, was therefore considered lawful
prey for the assassins, was hy them taken out
at. midnight, while from under their masks they
pronounced the solemn decree of death. They
went through the terrible mockery of kneeling
around their victim and offering supplications
to God in his behalf. The exercises were led
by a Presbyterian minister who is called re-
spectable 1 This solemn midnight mockery
ended, the poor victim, with entreaties for
mercy upon his lips, was then and there bru-
tally murdered and his body thrown into an
old wcll hard by. One of the number detailed
to do this bloody deed, becoming conscience-
smitten in course of time, revealed to a room-
mate not only his own connection with the
affair, but gave the names of the others. This
information being communicated to Governor
Clayton, he, with characteristic promptness,
arrested various members of the Klan, who
also confessed their connection therewith, and
revealed the authors of murders and other out-
rages committed long before.
Governor Clayton, through his wonderful
vigilance and activity, obtained not only the
constitution and by-laws of the Klan, but the
names of its leaders and hundreds of their fol-
lowers. There are now no less than six hun-
dred affidavits on tile in the executive office in
Arkansas of men who acknowledge their mem-
bership in the Klan, and who under a statute
of the State, providing for the same, came
forward and asked Governor Clayton to be
allowed to purge themselves from Ku Klux
infamy.
But all this may not challenge the credulity
of gentlemen on the other side; if not, I will
ask those of them who were members of the
Fortieth Congress if they believe the testi-
mony of the vacant chair upon this floor of a
murdered Hinds; it may be that the blended
wail of his widow and little orphan girls may
persuade them; and if not, it may answer the
more probable purpose of throwing their chiv-
alrous souls into trances of delight. Yes, Mr.
Speakfer, James Hinds, a member of the For-
tieth Congress, was foully murdered by a Ku
Klux assassin, for the sole crime of devotion
to his Government. Hon. Joseph Brooks, whom
I saw upon this floor yesterday, an able and
prominent Republican, accompanied Mr.Hinds
when he was slain, and received the second
charge of buckshot from a double-barreled
gun, in a second or two after poor Hinds had
received the first. And a significant fact is
that this foul assassin of Hinds, only an hour
previous to the commission of the terrible
deed, participated in a Democratic "peace
•meeting," held for the ostensible purpose of
deprecating violence and counseling harmony
between the different political parties. These
proceedings were to be blazoned to the world
as evidence of Democratic care for the peace
of society and the lives of loyalists.
Mr. Speaker, I will not speak of the hun-
dreds of outrages committed on persons in
humbler stations, but I turn from the sicken-
ing detail of these revolting crimes, and will
only add that it was in view of this state of
things that Governor Clayton proclaimed mar-
tial law, and the Republican party of the State
and the nation approved it. Discreet and order-
loving Democrats said it was right; humanity
from its lofty stand-point said it was right;
liberty and justice said it was right; the
ghostly voices of thousands of murdered patri-
ots blending in one solemn utterance said that
it was right; and a mighty voice coming down
from the lofty heights of the world's purest
civilization thundered back the echo that it
was right.
Thus was repose secured to the people by
an intelligent and determined State adminis-
tration, headed by a brave and sagacious Gov-
ernor, who now occupies the exalted position
of United States Senator, having left the State
in the hands of a sound Republican adminis-
tration, headed by that able and efficient gen-
tleman, 0. A. Hadley, as Governor ; and thus is
secured among our best citizens of all classes
confidence in the permanent peace of the State,
a continued immigration, the development of
our vast natural resources, sure guarantees for
the support of our State credit, and a Repub-
lican triumph in 1872.
But, lest our Democratic brethren should
say that I have drawn too largely upon Repub-
lican testimony, I propose to prove all, and
even more than I have charged, by the best of
Democratic evidence. The Louisville Courier-
Journal, an able newspaper, and an oracle that
is consulted with confidence, I believe, by the
leaders of the Conservative party generally,
among many recent editorials on the same
subject, says:
"Tho desperado who, cutting himself a Ku Klux,
puts on :i mask and mounts a horse at midnight to
prowl about alter tho weak and unprotected is merely
a brutal assas in, without one solitary pieturesiiuoor
dramatie quality, lio is an enemy of his race, a, foe
to society, a cruel monster who should bo shot down
in his traoks like any other wild animal. But, pro-
tending to be a Democrat aud idying upon the want
of bemoeratio legislation, he is the most fatal of
Radical emissarios, who is nightly undermining tho
foundations of State sovereignty aud piling up tuel
for tho partisans of Federal usurpation. As citizens
we are bound to weed him out of the body-politic;
but, as partisans our hopes rest upon his extermin-
ation. As long- as he exists local self-government is
unsafe and must decline.
"Theso are home truths. No one can deny them.
The people feel them and daily repeat them. The
press, without exception, has echoed them. ^The
Governor, the adjutant general, and all the State
oflu-ials have, in one way and another, given them
expression. Tho responsibility is narrowed down to
one department. The Legislaiure has done nothing,
ft has allowed the disease to grow worse under its
very eyes aud has refused to raise a linger to save
either tile peaceof society or tho credit oi Kentucky
or tho name of the Democratic party. It is subject-
ing tue State to reproach and its constituents to tho
peril of their lives. For two months it ha^ as much
as said to outlawry, 'Do what you will, we will not
disturb you.'
" So outlawry very naturally grows confident and
bold. From the dirty work of poking into remote
and unprotected negro cabins, hid away among the
ob.-.suro recesses ot old fields and woodlands, it takes
the public highway. Nest, growing venturesome.
it comes down upon the unguarded mail service of tha
Government.
"Still, unresisted and unassailed, it enters the
capital itself, and defies the very lion in its den.
Lion! Did we say 'lion ?' A pretty lion, to be sure,
that at Frankfort! A lion that makes war on an
anonymous newspaper correspondent who writes a
harmless letter, yet dare notlift its hand againstth©
marauder who defies it, snubs it, insults it, spits upon
it, kicks it, laughs at it, and thereby disgraces and
endangers us all!
" 'An indifferent tame lion, by the mass.
And gentle as & suckling;'
a lion that lolls on sofas and slumbers while the
hand ofa womanhood it durst not protect caresses its
silken mane; a lion that has no tenderness for the
woak and poor, but cares only for its safety and its
comfort; a lion that roars State rights when the day
is clear, but is as dumb as adog's tail while ruffianism
overthrows State rights and rides rough-shod over
the very temples it is sworn to defend."
The same paper, in another editorial, speaks
as follows:
"The Ku Klux in Kentucky.—Are there not gangs
of masked outlaws among us? Do these outlaws,
or do they not. prey upon the negro portion of the
population ? Are their acts, or are they not, prejudi-
cial to the interests of us all, the Democratic navty,
and to State rights? We believe that no Demo-
cratic politician or press in the State will deny any
one of these questions. Thev are admitted by every
ono. There is hardly a Democratic newspaper m
Kentucky that has not asserted them as earnestly as
we have."
The same paper, speaking of the Kentucky
Legislature, then in session, refusing to provide
for the punishment of Ku Klux, says:
"In the matter of the Ku Klux wo seo how its
non-action has embarrassed us at Washington. Our
Senators aud Representatives are weaponless. They
can say nothing. The Legislature has putthe weap-
ons in the hands of the enemy. When Mr. Sher-
man taunts us with having done nothing, and bases
his ai gument in favor of Fedoral interference on the
laetthat we have done nothing, we are dumb. Tll@
idle gabble that the Ku Klux aro all Radicals in dis-
guise is even weaker than the silly platitude that
there is nosuch thing as the Ku Klux at all. If the
Ku Klux aro Radicals, the mere reason to put them
down. If thero is no such Older, there is outlawry
which calls for extraordinary appliances. Theso
appliances our Governor recommended. Tho press
urged them. But tho Legislature stood with  cigar
in its mouth and a champagne-glass in its hand, and
would do nothing."
Thus are Democrats condemned out of their
own mouths. Every count in the indictment
is fully proved by this Democratic testimony.
The "Klans" are called "masked despera-
does," "midnight prowlers," "brutal assas-
sins," "an enemy of his race," "a foe to
society," "a cruel monster," "who should '
be shot down in bis tracks like any other wild
beast." Not only so, but the "hopes" of the
Democratic " party rest upon his extermina-
tion." And further, the Klan, growing bolder
under the connivance of the State Legislature,
" comes down upon the unguarded mail ser-
vice of the Government;" and this further and
important statement, which I think puts the
propriety and necessity of the pending bill
beyond question, that under the "existence"
and sway of these outlaws "local government
is unsafe and must decline."
If the Federal Government cannot exert its
powers for the protection of the life, liberty,
and property of its citizens in a State where
banded and masked outlaws and midnight
assassins in large numbers prowl the country
for the purposes of murder and plunder, where
the mail service is attacked, where the Legis-
lature refuses to pass any laws for the punish-
ment of the perpetrators of the crime, and
where, under their infernal influence, "local"
State "government must decline," I would
ask, in the name of reason, when and under
what circumstances could Federal power be
constitutionally exercised? Will Democratic
members answer? You do not answer. You
have a hard time, gentlemen, in defending
your wretched cause, when the highest author-
ity in your own party testifies againsi you.
Wha t sophistry will you resort to now to prove
that there arc no Ku Klux in Kentucky and
that peace reigns throughout her borders?
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
undertook to prove the nosi-existence of Ku
