1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
pelled to make these assertions and back them
up with proof; but a conviction of duty com-
pels me to do so. My colleague has not and
cannot have a closer attachment to North
Carolina than I have, or a stronger incentive
to speak the praises of that good State. I
would be glad if I could maintain here, with
truth, that peace and order reign supreme, as
in days of old, within her borders ; but such
is not the fact, such is not the testimony before
the committee to whose report my colleague
refers, such is not the information I receive
from my correspondents; and I should be
unfaithful to my trust as a Representative of a
district whose people are and have been undis-
turbed by these outrages, who have steadily
pursued the avocations of peace and industry
since the close of the war, and who desire that
the same good order which prevails there
should extend itself throughout the State, if
I neglect to inform this House of the true con-
dition of affairs in North Carolina.
But, Mr. Speaker, my colleague, in his man-
ifest zeal to serve the party which sent him
here, (and which, by the way, on his own state-
ment, is now in a minority in North Carolina,
for he says that il thousands of Republicans,
both white aud black, absented themselves
from the polls" in the late election, and the
majority of the Democracy was five thousand
or less,) after declaring that these outrages no
longer exist, proceeds to assert, in speaking of
the Ku Klux Klans:
"This whole subject was thoroughly examined last
summer by the judges of our supreme court. The
testimony as to the purpose of the Ku Klux organiza-
tion was subieotedto a rigid scrutiny, but it com-
pletely failed to give it a political significance."
Mark the language:
"But it failed complotely to give it a political
significance/'
In replying to this extraordinary statement
I shall not refer to the Senate report, but direct
the attention of the House to the proceedings
held before the judges of the supreme court of
North Carolina during last summer, when this
" subject was thoroughly examined." And
I refer, first, to the testimony of Dr. John A.
Moore, of Alamance county, and its represent-
ative in the Legislature of the State, and, by
his own evidence, a member of the "White
Brotherhood," an alias for Ku Klux Klan,
and a reluctant witness, still occupying a high
seat in the Democratic chamber:
"Chief Jiiftioe. State the oath, if you please?
" Witness. Well, I just swore to secrecy; that was
all.
" Chief Justice. Did they declare the purpose of it?
" Witness. Well, they told mo it Was to strengthen
the Conservative party. That'was my understand-
ing of it."
"Conservative," Mr. Speaker, in North
Carolina is another name for Democratic. I
suppose my colleague will not demand proof
for this:
"Mr. Battle. Did you know of the existence of an
organization known as the Union League?
"Witness. Nothing but from hearsay.
"Mr. Buttle. It is generally believed there is such
an oiganization, composed of both white and colored,
but mainly of colored?
" Witness. Yes, sir.
"Mr. Battle. It was understood that it was apolit-
ical association ?
"Witness. Yes,sir.
"Mr. Battle. And yours was also? r
" Witness. Yes. sir. I went into it just the same as
I went into the Know Nothing movement..
"Mr. Battle. If you will permit me to give you a
litUe advice, you will never join another secret
feuoiety.
"Witness. I don't think I ever shall, sir.
"Mr. Battle. WhatwastheobjectottheseLeagucs?
'* Witness. It was to carry elections.
"Mr. Battle. And what was the object of the other;
the siirne ?
"Witness. Yes, sir."
I shall not read further from the testimony
before the court. I am satisfied my colleagues
will not question the accuracy ofthe statement
of Di. Moore, who confesses himself a member
of the oiganization and ought to know its pur-
} o?esj but proceed to give extracts from the
opinion of the judges. In the case of The State
vs. Wiley and others, decision in chambers,
at Raleigh, August 29, 1870, by Chief Justice
Pearson and Justices Settle and Dick, the fol-
lowing language occurs:
"No motive is assigned for this murder except
"political animosity.' The circumstances show it
was done on premeditation, with fatal skill, and by a
number of conspirators, (either taking part in the
killing, or else keeping watch and being on the look-
out,) to whom the unsuspecting victim was led up for
sacrifice."
Later, sir, in the case of Tarpley, Gray, and
others, September I, 1870, the chief justice,
after saying " probable cause has been made
out," proceeds, in referring to the evidence of
Long, to add:
"It was the subject of remark between us that in
our experience as lawyer's and as judges we had
never known a witness on the examination-in-chief
to expose himself more fully to contradiction (unless
he was telling the truth) by stating in detail as to
place, time and the pei sons present, the whipping of
Sellars, in which he was an actor, the whipping of
Holt, and of Trollinger and Corliss, all of which he
narrated as reported by members of the Klan; the
burning of the school-house, in -which he took part,
the contemplated murder of Holt and of SholFner and
the actual murder of Outlaw and Puryear by the Ku
Klux, oi White Biothcrhood; and by stating, in the
general, from reports made to his camp, that the
number of members in Alamance was between
seven and eight hundred, in Guillord twelve hun-
dred, in Orange, Chatham, Rockingham, and other
counties, not informed as to the number, but the
order extendedover the State and amounted to forty
thousand; was said to have originated with ex-
President Johnson, and to extend over the wholo
South for the political purpose of preventing
negro equality by whipping, hanging, and other
acts necessary to effect that object; and by stating
the oath not to reveal any secrets of the order; to
obey the commands of the chief, to go to the res-
cue of a member, and to swear for him as a wit-
ness and acquit him as a juror. Tn short, this
witness disclosed a condition of things showing, if
true, that the civil authorities were unable to pro-
tect life or property, confirmed by the fact that in no
one instance have the perpetrators of these crimes
and "known felonies" been brought to justice.
It was a l'uithcr .subject of remark that this witness
sustained himself under a most searching cross-ex -
amination, as well as any person we had ever seen
in similar circumstances. This witness was not con-
tradicted m a single particular, either in the detail
or in the general."
This decision is also signed by the same
judges, Pearson, Settle, and Dick, who sat
upon the investigation.
I have, in the beginning of these remarks,
read from the oath requiring members of these
klans to swear that they are not members of
" the lied String Order, Union League, Heroes
of America, Grand Army of the Republic, or any
other organization whose aim and intention is
to destroy the rights of the South," &c., and,
further, that the candidate 4'will never assist
in initiating, or allow to be initiated, if you
can prevent it, any one belonging" to these
several orders, "or any one holding Radical
views or opinions." And now I give the opin-
ions of the judges to whom my colleague refers,
sustained by Democratic testimony that these
klans were organized for party purposes. Sir,
I felt amazed that my colleague should boldly
announce such an untenable proposition. I
can only commend him to a careful reading
of the testimony before the Southern Outrage
Committee of the Senate, and the testimony
before the justices of the supreme court of
North Carolina in August last, to both of
which he refers in his speech, and neither of
which, I very much fear, has he read with care
and attention,
1 shall now notice one other statement of
my colleague, which carries with it its own
reply. Asserting that the Ku Klux societies
were organized as correctives to the outrages
of the Loyal League, he assures you that the
former have existence in only six or eight
counties of the State. The League is known
to exist in every county of the State. Where
are the Ku Klux in the remaining counties?
Why not organize in every county in which the
League had existence? But I do not propose i
to follow these inquiries. The statement of my
colleague is altogether ''too thin."
Now, Mr, Speaker, the State government has
failed in every instance to punish these Ku
Klux crimes, and the liberty amendments are
already a practical nullity where these klans
operate. The Government of the United
States must abandon its reconstruction policy,
or it must now enforce it by appropriate legis-
lation of sufficient stringency and power to
overcome the thousands of banded conspir-
ators who have raised a new rebellion against
the execution of the laws and the rights of the
citizen.
The colored men of the South, and those who
have supported them in their rights as guar-
antied by the Constitution ofthe country, look
to the national Government to enforce by
"appropriate legislation" what is declared to
be necessary for the future peace and security
of the Republic. It is not wonderful that those
who gaiued political preferment by means of
these lawless organizations should resist any
and every effort of the national Government
to enforce its authority and its laws. It is to
be expected that they will denounce those who
advocate such enforcement. Butcommon cau-
tion ought to admonish them that over-zeal
and manifest violence of temper in the discus-
sion of the question would betray an interest,
partisan or otherwise, in the continuance of
the operations of the Ku Klux conspiracy,
which has been invoked in aid of their party.
Why is it that no man can aim a blow at a
Ku Klux without having it returned by the
whole Democratic party? This of itself should
admonish the Government that it is dangerous
longer to delay a stringent and resolute dealing
with a conspiracy as wide-spread and powerful,
as that which existed in the early part of the
year 1861.
Having started with broad denials of estab-
lished facts, shutting their eyes to published
testimony that is undeniable and irrefutable,
denouncing all who stand in their way, the
opponents of the pending bill finally descend
to constitutional scruples and quibbles upon
words, and feign to forget the fundamental
principles upon which the Government is
founded, that of the protection of the lives
and liberty of the American people. Sir, if
the Constitution does not authorize this Gov-
ernment to protect the liberty and lives of its
citizens it were well that the Constitution were
amended or the Government changed in its
character or powers. A Government t'hat can-
not afford safety and protection to citizens who
give it love and allegiance is unworthy of their
love or allegiance 1
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, we hear com-
plaints of political disabilities imposed by
national authority upon men recently engaged
in rebellion. My colleague concludes his speech
by an appeal to you to remove these disabili-
ties and to extend universal amnesty to the
people of the South. Sir, does my colleague
forget that hundreds of thousands of the loyal
people ofthe United States, who never engaged
in rebellion, black men and white men, who
had the misfortune to reside in the territory
which recent destroyers of the Government
claimed as peculiarly their own, are under far
greater social and political disability, imposed
by violence and lawlessness? And allow me
to say that his allegation^ that the continuance
of disability has given rise to the Ku Klux, is
a confession that the leading men of the Dem-
ocratic party are the originators and contriyers
of the movement.
This confession maybe startling to the coun-
try; but we who see and know of the prac-
tical operations of these klans need not this
to convince us that they had their origin,
their motive-power, and their impunity from
punishment, and all upon which they rely to
protect them in their crimes, from the hands
of the leaders of that party, which, in 1808,
announced as its platform that the reconstruc-
tion acts of Congress should be overturned by
the bayonet and the Army made to undo what
the Army had done in suppressing the rebel"
Hon and keeping down those who had mani-
fested a disposition to continue to disturb and
