440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
threaten the peace and safety of the Republic.
But, Mr. Speaker, let my colleague and his
political friends remove this unconstitutional
disability from loyal men South, and then I
will help him discuss, and do so with propriety,
the question of removing all political disabili-
ties trom all classes.
The national Constitution imposed these
disabilities, not so much as a punishment for
crime as to secure the Government against
their future ability and disposition further to
disturb the public peace and threaten the life
of the nation. When the friends of the Gov-
ernment are allowed to exercise their civil and
political rights in safety and are protected
against outrage and murder because of their
loyalty to the Government, I will vote then
with my colleague, heart and soul, that those
who have been enemies to the Government
shall be relieved of such disability as the nation
has imposed on them. This country, Mr.
Speaker, should not be more considerate to
its enemies than solicitous for the rights and
protection of its friends.
Sir, pass some bill, the bill of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabargek,] or some bill
like it; enact some legislation, insuring pro-
tection to the peaceable and loyally-disposed
citizens of the South, protection in their prop-
erty, their liberty, and their lives; assure them
of safety at night without fear of Ku Klux
assassination, and I am ready with all my heart
to advocate any measure of general amnesty.
I shall then be prepared to extend pardon and
relief to all shades and classes who are now
under disability. Sir, I have never forgotten,
and I pray that I shall never forget, that there
are others at the South worthy of our sympa-
thy and protection besides the men who are
disqualified from office by the fourteenth amend-
ment. These men have piteously appealed to
their Representatives in Congress, not for re-
lief, not for franchises or privileges, but for
the protection of the Government, that pro-
tection offered to them, promised to them, and
guarantied to them by the Constitution and
Jaws of our country.
Their prayers until now have gone unheard
and unanswered. The sound of their entreaties
has been hushed and lost in the loud appeals
made here in behalf their more prominent and
aristocratic neighbors. Let not their cries go
longer unheeded 1 They give the Government
love, support, and allegiance, and ask only in
return protection and safety for themselves,
their wives, and little ones. Sir, they ask you
to pass a law against bad men, curses of so-
ciety ; they would not haveyou legislate against
the good or peaceably disposed; they ask for
national legislation against acts aimed at the
national life. Do this, protect peaceable men,
whether they be Democrats or Republicans,
from outrages committed by league or klan,
and we will strike hands with our Democratic
friends in any movement to remove political
disabilities. Let the two go together. I meet
my colleague on this ground: give us the pro-
tection of the laws and we will help you relieve
all the people of the South. When you agree
to this, for one I promise you my vote and my
influence.
Mr. YOUNG addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, although I had
prepared an argument to be delivered upon
the question before the House, I will not ask
the indulgence of the House at this time for
the purpose of reading iU^JJot that I am in-
different to the fate of this bill, not that I am
indifferent to the effect which it is calculated
to have upon the people of my State, but
because the argument has already been ex-
hausted. Others, more able thau myself, upon
this side of the House have exposed its un-
constitutional features and laid bare the many
wrongs which it will inflict upon the people if
it should become a law. I desire to occupy
the unexpired time of my colleague [Mr.
Young] in adding the weight of my testimony
to that of his, and other gentlemen here, to
the general good order and peacefulness which
to-day exist in the South, and particularly in
my own State.
Disguise it as you may, Mr. Speaker, this
bill is intended to affect only and solely the
people of the late insurrectionary States. If
it becomes a law, I have no idea that it would
ever affect any other section of the United
States than those States lately at war with the
United States.
I had hoped, sir, when myself and colleague
were permitted to take our seats on the floor
of this House that the work of reconstruc-
tion was finished. When the State of Geor-
gia, by the admission of her Senators and her
Representatives, took her place in this Con-
gress, I had hoped that she was once more a
State in the Union and entitled to the protec-
tion which the Constitution of the United
States was intended to give her as well as
her people.
Mr. Speaker, while I have discarded, to a
great extent, the discussion of political mat-
ters since I have been a member of this House,
I have not altogether been indifferent to polit-
ical questions. I have contented myself with
devoting all my time and attention to making
my people feel that they were completely
restored to the Union. All that the Agricul-
tural Department of the Government could do
has been done to make them feel that they
were once more receiving some of the benefits
which the Government affords. The Post
Office Department has also done much toward
making the people of my isolated district feel
that they were again in the Union and in rela-
tion with the Federal Government. The En-
gineer Bureau of the War Department has also
commenced to extend its labors into my coun-
try in order to develope its untold wealth of
mineral and agricultural resources.
But, Mr. Speaker, it has remained for this
branch of the Federal Government to make
us feel that we were still at war, or rather that
war was still being waged against us. When
we surrendered over our arms at Appomattox
Court-House and Greensboro we returned to
our homes and engaged in the pursuits of
peace. The great captain of your armies said
" Let there be peace." You then gave us war
and called it peace. Now, while peace reigns
supreme in every section of the South you call
it war. I was astonished the other evening to
hear the declaration upon the other side of
the House, by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Kelley] that war still existed in the
South. Strange declaration, indeed, when it
is known that there is not a solitary armed
man in the South opposing either the laws of
the United States or in opposition to the sol-
diery of the United States. We have desired
peace, and had at length began to believe
that our desire had been reached, that peace
was completely restored, that having passed
through four or five years of tedious and wea-
risome reconstruction, we had at last reached
a position where we were entitled to an equal
distribution of the benefits of the Government
and an equal share of its protection.
Admitting that here and there in the South an
outrage has been committed, not alone on Re-
publicans and negroes, but upon Democrats—
as the assassination by a negro of Hon. R. W.
Flournoy, a leading Democrat of the Georgia
Legislature, will show—I insist that crime does
not exist to such an extent as would authorize
the intervention of any doubtful or even posi-
tive power of the General Government to sup-
press. I deny that anything has occurred in
Georgia since her readmission to the Union
that would justify the exercise of any such
power as is given to the President by the meas-
ure now before the House.
Instead of thus continuing to oppress the
people of the South, if you would only enforce
the laws already in existence for their protec-
tion, it would tend to allay all the trouble
which really exists in that section. Instead of
protecting my people as they had every reason
to believe they would be protected when their
Representatives could be heard in Congress,
they have still been made to feel the heavy
heel of the tyrant.
Have my people no cause of eomplaint? I
dare say that members upon this floor do not
know the extent of the outrages, wrongs, and
evils which my people have had to endure
while passing through the dreary mazes of
reconstruction, and which have been perpe-
trated upon them by revenue officers and sol-
diers of the United States Government, who
seemed to believe that because they were still
under the ban of the Government they were
at liberty to treat them as they did, and for
which they would not be held accountable.
The people had every reason to believe and
hope that this treatment would be stopped
when reconstruction was accomplished.
Mr. Speaker, I have before me several let-
ters, informing me of outrages recently per-
petrated in my own county by United States
soldiers and revenue officers.
There are hundreds and hundreds of loyal
men in my district, who remained loyal to the
Government of the United States during the
entire war, some of whom believed that they
had a legacy left to them for their loyalty after
the war, to wit: the right to manufacture whisky
without let or hinderance. Some of them, per-
haps, had never learned that there was a law
against the distillation of whisky until very
recently. These revenue officers went into my
section of the State for the purpose of arrest-
ing this class of offenders, and perpetrated
outrages on innocent men not at all connected
with the business which would astonish this
House if they could be stated in detail. Peace-
able, law-abiding citizens were taken and
dragged from their homes and carrieda distance
of nearly one hundred miles, to be examined
as to whether they had violated the revenue
laws. In one case the party was not allowed
to take a change of clothing or speak to his
family. And when twenty or more of my neigh-
bors were taken away from their homes and
families, and examined before United States
officers at Atlanta, it was found thatnogronnd
of complaint existed against them 1 But still
their property was destroyed. Are they to look
in vain for redress?
Mr. Speaker, is not my statement sustained
by the facts? I have before me the charge of
Judge Erskine, the United States judge for the
district of Georgia, in which he calls the atten-
tion of the grand jury of the United States dis-
trict court to the outrages and wrongs upon
these people. This charge was delivered re-
cently by the judge I have named, a man whose
loyalty and whose devotion to the Republican
party will not be gainsaid. I quote but an
extract or two from Judge Erskine's charge
as I find it in the Atlanta papers:
" In regard to the action of certain parties in Hall,
Forsyth, and Lumpkin counties, the judge handled
them 'with gloves off.' He said, in substance: 'I
feel it to be my duty, a most painful duty, as the
judicial officer of the Government of the United
States for the State of Georgia, to mention to you an
aet of great wrong—if, indeed.it is not deserving the
still graver name of outrage—which has been done
to a citizen of the United States and a resident of
this judicial district. I am informed by credible
authority that some two or three weeks ago certain
persons acting in the service of the revenue depart-
ment, while in the lawful duty of searching tor and
arresting violators of the revenue laws, became
transgressors ofthe statutory laws of Georgia. Com-
ing to a toll-bridge in one of the upper counties,
they offered to the man in charge some written or
printed paper, called scrip, to pay for the toll. The
man took it, and they were, with their prisoners,
about to cross, when the owner of the bridge came
up and refused to let them pass unless they paid the
toll in money. The owner had a gun in his hand;
nearly all the other side were likewise armed.
"No hard words, it appears, passed between them.
They burst open or beat down the gate, seized iho
owner of the bridge, placed handcufis upon hiin, tied
a rope aiound his waist, refused to allow him to
speak to Iiis family or got a change of clothes, and,
in this condition, marched him to this city, an%.
