1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment-—Mr. Garrett.
Ho. of Reps.
It seems to me that gentlemen have seen bad
results enough growing out of the passage of
such laws to satisfy them that they cannot pre-
vent crime by oppressing an already conquered
and almost ruiued people.
The people of some of the northern States
have lately spoken to you through the ballot-
box in unmistakable language, warning you
against further aggression upon their consti-
tutional rights.
The millions of the people's money your
party have squandered in useless legislation
to secure the equalization of races, the promo-
tion of worthless partisans, banking corpora-
tions, Freedmen's Bureaus, railroad rings,
whisky rings, telegraph rings, tariff rings, and
bond rings would have paid the greater part
of the national debt and would have lifted the
burden from the shoulders of the laboring
masses under which millions of the poor are
to-day suffering. But all those great questions
of tariffs, finance, and taxation are forgotten
in the great anxiety of the majority of this
House to hurry through some extraordinary
legislation during the present session, to secure
to them the power, by force, fraud, and violence,
to further rob and harass the people, and per-
petuate themselves in power. It seems to me,
sir, that all these attempts to regulate society
by law would be more easily and more agree-
ably settled if, like capital and labor, they
were left to regulate themselves.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a few moments' more
indulgence in explanation of the causes of all
the troubles in the South, and I will yield the
floor. I ask the gentlemen on the other side
if it is to be expected that men who are guilty
of almost every crime known to the law, and
who own no property in the South and have
no interest in common with our people or
sympathy for all our sufferings, should be
acceptable to us as office-holders. That such
men would make officers fit to be intrusted with
the execution of the laws no sane man would
believe. Now, sir, nine tenths of all the offices
in the South have been filled by just such men
ever since the war. Many of the men forced
into office since the war by the party in power
were loudest in their denunciations of the
Government in 1861 and 1862, went heels over
head into the rebellion, deserted it, and joined
the Federal Army, and since took an oath
that they had never given aid or comfort, by
word, act, or deed, to persons engaged in
armed hostility to the Government. I leave
it to the people to judge as to how far we are
to expect a faithful execution of our laws by
such officers.
Men, sir, who do not regard the sanctity of
a solemn oath are poor custodians, I should
think, of the public morals. Not only have
such men been forced upon, the southern peo-
ple as officers charged with the execution of
our laws and rights of our people, but they
have been here and made witnesses against the
character and liberties of the people. The
liberties of ten million American citizens have
been swept away upon their testimony, taken
entirely ex parte in most cases.
And now, sir, you, by this bill, arraign, try,
and convict the whole people of the United
States without giving them a chance to be heard
by themselves or their counsel, and upon ex
■parte testimony taken before your committees
nearly twelve months ago. I again warn you
not to pass this bill, in the name of high Heaven
and in the name of the poor American laborer,
of the widows, and orphans of this country.
I implore you to vote it down and substitute
something that will in fact bring peace and
harmony to our distracted country. The peo-
ple South believe, before God, that the Repub-
lican party intend to crush out the white men
of that country; and they have cause to believe
it. They ask you for bread, and you give them
stones. They ask you for fish, and you give
them serpents. They cry for peace, and you
propose, by this bill, to give them war and
oppression. And, I tell you, sirs, you never
can make peace and restore law and order by
oppressing the weak. Rob a people of lib-
erty, honor, and property, and what have they
worth living for? You have but to look to
Ireland for a full example of what you are
doing for the South. And I appeal to the
northern people, your constituents, to hold
you responsible for all the troubles, for all the
murders, outrages, and wrongs heaped upon
the country; for the Republican leaders are
responsible for the whole of them.
Now, sir, the remedy for all the evils com-
plained of is easy. Make all your laws equit-
able and just. Give us universal amnesty,
equal taxation, a complete reformation in all
the revenue and tariff departments, reduce the
Army and Navy, cut down the extravagance of
all the departments in the Government, there-
by lightening taxation, and you have all our
troubles healed, peace and harmony restored,
with respect for the Constitution and the flag
of our country everywhere upon the American
continent.
Now, sir, it is proper that the country
should know the cause of all this war upon
the people of the South by the party in power.
I believe it is for the sole purpose of diverting
the attention of the tax-payer from the true
issue. Suppose you allow passion to cool and
reason to resume its sway, and an examina-
tion into the records of all the departments of
the Government should be made and brought
before the country, the whole people, yea, sir,
the civilized world, would stand aghast at the
sight of fraud and corruption there exhibited.
You but strip all the departments ot that hor-
rible Ku Klux veil you are holding over them,
and you but too well know that your party will
have its political condemnation fixed forever
in the eyes of all honest men.
You dare not let party passions cool and
reason resume its sway. You dare not allow
the facts as exhibited by Republican records to
go to the country. You dare not let the laboring
masses know that only one dollar out of every
twenty forced from them under your unjust
and oppressive tariff laws goes into the public
Treasury, while nineteen dollars go into the
pockets of the New England manufacturer.
You dare not let the people know that your
party in six years of peace have squandered
more money than would have paid the nafional
debt. You dare not let the people know that
you have created a banking swindle, based
absolutely upon nothing, that makes the paper
money cost them fifteen per cent, in gold on
the dollar before it reaches their pockets. For
these and other similar reasons the cry of
murder, rapine, and plunder upon loyal citi-
zens is raised, to the end that the minds of
the people may be kept in that direction
until you complete the work of destruction
you have commenced.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a few words in reply to
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
lei4,] and one or two others, and I will yield
the floor. He stated in his slanderous and
indecent harangue upon this floor on yester-
day, among other slanders, that in Tennessee,
as appears by the testimony taken before the
Committee on Reconstruction during the last
session, a Legislature elected through the ter-
rors of these outrages had passed laws in der-
ogation of common rights, had overturned the
State constitution in defiance of its provisions,
and deposed the judiciary, and thus rendered
the execution of the laws, even of the United
States, so unsafe that almost weekly reports
came to us of the necessity for the employ-
ment of troops.
I know in Tennessee that the charges are
false and slanderous as to Democrats, and that
the member cannot sustain them by a single
responsible witness ; but he can sustain some
of them against men of his own party, and that
is precisely the reason that he and his party
friends will not allow the investigation to be
made as to the facta in the case. He knows
that if the investigation should go on with any-
thing like fairness in Tennessee it would be
shown that nearly all the violations of law have
been committed by his own party, and that ten
Democrats had been murdered, whipped, and
driven from their homes to one Radical. In
portions of BastTennessee almost every Dem-
ocrat was either whipped, murdered, or driven
from his home in less than two years after the
war closed.
And further, sir, while I have always de-
nounced crime and violations of law by any
and all parties, I will not disguise the fact that
for months and months before a Ku Klux was
ever heard of in the South armed mobs of
negroes and low-down white men were march-
ing through our towns and country, insulting
the citizens and spreading terror among all
classes. The result was that all good men of
all parties were alarmed for the safety of their
property and families, and they very naturally
began to look around for some measures of
protection against those dangerous organiza-
tions, and we had no remedy under the laws as
they then existed.
The courts were held by Radical and carpet-
bag judges, the juries were composed mainly
of the same class of men, and in fact, sir,
there were no laws upon our statutes to punish
secret bands of Loyal Leaguers, and if one
of that order was convicted of crime and sent
to the penitentiary you had a Radical Governor
who would pardon him out and turn him
loose again upon the country. Some five hun-
dred men convicted of high crimes, were par-
doned out of the State prison in Tennessee by
a single Republican Governor f'ortheir votes,
and that man to day stands in full fellowship
with the Republican party of this country.
Now, sir, I ask where in the history of this
country you can find a single instance of such
a high-handed outrage as this being com-
mitted upon any people by a Democratic Gov-
ernor? I am only astonished, sir, that more
lynching was not done in Tennessee than was
done there, f know why it is that many of
those who claim to be Union men are afraid
to live in the South, and will tell the member
from Massachusetts if he wishes to know. It
is because, sir, that the villainous crimes they
committed during and since the war are follow-
ing them night and day, admonishing them that
they ought to be punished. 1 know a great
many of those who would like to be called
gallant officers and gallant soldiers now that
during our unfortunate war, when there was
no laws in the South to restrain them, made
war upon women and children, non-combat-
ants, and private property ; burned houses,
confiscated cotton, stole horses, mulos, gold
watches, silver spoons, silk dresses, &c., in
order, they said, to crush out the rebellion.
And as those valuable articles were said to be
the greatest enemies to the Government, they
were seized and appropriated to private uses.
Now, sir, as the member from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bdti.er] has been charging Ten-
nessee, I will charge his State a little. Only
a short time since a Yankee school-marm, an
emblem of virtue in his eye, was stoned and
murdered by her own pupils; besides, many
other crimes I might mention, equally disgraced
ful and revolting to humanity, have occurred
in that Puritanical atmosphere. I think men
that live in glass houses should not throw
stones, and, in the language of Holy Writ, I
ask him to cast the beam out of his own eye,
that he may see clearly to cast the moie out of
his brother's eye.
It is not to be wondered at, Mr. Speaker,
that men lika those I have described, men who*
