1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
Bat the fast-traveling minute-hand of the
clock warns me that I must hasten on.
Tennessee.
You have already had these matters fully
opened at your bar by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maxnard,] who has told you
what he does know of the outrage and wrong
in that State. You have also the fact that last
year the Democratic Governor, after invoking
in vain the whole power of the State to sup-
press these Ku Klux Kluns, called upon the
President of the United States for aid in that
behalf, but could not obtain it because the
Legislature was in session, and, although re-
quested by repeated messages, they would not
aid their Executive in that behalf to have life
and property protected; so that they fully
appear to be in collusion with that organiza-
tion. So far as Tennessee is concerned, I
desire to add only a single letter from the
office of the supervisor of internal revenue to
bring down the acts of this Ku Klux organiza-
tion to the present time; and while I mourn,
as I ought, the unnecessary shedding of blood,
yet I thank God for the courage of that negro,
who, in defending his own roof-tree and hearth-
stone, shot down the sheriff and constable
who, as a leader of the Ku Klux, invaded both!
Does any Democrat want more evidence as to
the existence of the terrible order of Ku Klux
Klaus in Tennessee? If so, I refer him to the
several acts of her Legislature on her statute-
books, passed in attempting to suppress that
order, but in vain, because there was no power
in the State strong enongh so to do.
United Status Internat, Revenue,
Supervisor's Office, District of Tennessee.
Nashville, March 8,1871.
General: Wo have to inform you of another of
the numerous outrages which are of such frequent
occurrence throughout Middle and "Western Ten-
nessee. We arc informed by reliable men that on
Thursday night last a large force oi Ku Klux went
to the house of two respectable colored men near
Murfreehboro to take their lives, but failed to find
them. They (.the Ku Klux) returned to the house of
these colored men on ifriday night, and again the
colored men were out; but on Saturday night last
the Ku Klux again visited these two colored men
and demanded admission, &c. The colored meu
refused to admit them or to coraemit. Then the Ku
Klux tired on them through the window, one of the
bullets striking a colored woman, wile oi one of the
men, and wounding her through thoknee badly,
'the colored men then tired on the Ku Klux, and
killed their leader or captain ^right on the steps of
thoeolored mon'ss house. ThcKu Klux were in.iskcd
and decorated with their mfernnl legalias. They
tried to get the body of their leader away, but the
colored men stood their ground bravely, and obliged
them to leave hiui there. And there he remained
until morning, when he was identified, and proved
to be "Pat Inman," a constable and deputy sheriff
of llutheiford county. These two colored men arc
now hiding for their lives, and are being searched
for nightly by these fiends in human shape. They
have succeeded in getting a letter to us, written by
a reliable Union man in Murfroesboro, giving these
facts, and got it through by a messenger, who also
gives us these statements.
We immediately went to General Pennypackcr,
post commandant, and got an officer and fifteen men
from the sixteenth infantry, and with two deputy
United States marshals have sent for these colored
men, and to arrest some of the Ku Kiux if possible.
The colored men reside near Murfreesboro, and are
reputed to bo honest, quiet men, but firm Union
meu. Their names are Wiley and William Kmsbro.
We feel that they ought to be protected, and are
trying to aid them; but unless your bill, or some
similar one, becomes law and is vigorously enforced,
no Union man can remain in Tennesseein six months
moro. Strange as it may seem to men residing in
the quiet North, not one word is said against these
outrages by the Democratic newspapers or native
citizens, except by a few sound Union men.
Revenue officers and Union men are constantly
driven off, whipped, maltreated, and shot frequently
all over Middle and West Tennessee. Our revenue
officers and deputy marshals were fired on only lour
days ago at Chestnut Mound, Smith county, Tennes-
see, And now we appeal to you and Congiess for
aid and protection.
Very respectfully,
WILLIAM A. GARETT,
U. S. Revenue Department, State of Tennessee.
W. H. GOODWIN,
U. S. Commissioner, late Judge Wilson Co. Court.
Hon. J3. b\ Butler, M. C., Washington, 1). C.
Kentucky.
Do the Ku Klux bauditti exist in Kentucky,
that dark and bloody ground, where the savage
and brutal passions of men never- yet have
found restraint either by time, place, or cir-
cumstance, civilization or education, so that
neither the palsy of years can control them,
gray hair soften them, the solemnity of place
or occasion curb them, iusomuch that their
untaught and untamed outbursts may break
forth even in the Senate Chamber of the United
States, their impotent rage exhibiting itself
with the whining and piping voice of an imbe-
cile and unhonored old age?
Listen to the evidence that the Ku Klux
order still reigns in Kentucky, and its Legis-
lature connives at its power, its outrages, its
felonies aud murders, by refusing to pass laws
for their suppression. I quote the Louisville
Courier-Journal of March 24, 1871, a Demo-
cratic journal, which, in describing the doings
of the Legislature of Kentucky, thus avers the
truth of its delineations. It says:
"Our sole object is good Democratic government-
The rccord is down in good black and white. No
man can go back of that." * * * * "The
Kentucky Legislature has adjourned at last. Iteked
out its existence as long as it was able, and died re-
luctantly. No one mourns it but itself." * *
u * "The record it leaves bohind it is simply
disgraceful." * * * * " Take its action
on any one of the leading questions thatcamo before
it—the Cincinnati railroad bill, the Ku Klux bill,
the conventional interest bill, the negro testimony
bill—and we have nothing but a weary chronicle of
purposeless imbecility and pretentious display." *
* * * "But what shall wo say of its treat-
ment of the Ku Klux bill? It piddled from first to
List, and dared not act. Its timidity served to en-
courage violence, which increased itsaudaclty. Out-
lawry went on unchallenged under its very elbow.
It paid no attention to the North Benson affair,
which rang all over the country. It did not so much
as rebuke the raid upon Frankfort." * * *
* "In the matter of the Ku Klux wo see how its
non-action has embarrassed us at Washington. Our
Senators and Representatives are weaponless. They
say nothing. The Legislature has put the weapons
in the hands of the enemy." ***•«•
"The idle gabble that the Ku Klux are Radicals in
disguiso is even weaker than the silly platitude that
there is no such thing as the Ku Klux at all. If the
Ku Klux are Radicals, the more reasonto put them
down. If there is no such order, there is outlawry
which calls for extraordinary appliances. These
appliances our Governor recommended. The press
urged them. But the Legislature stood with a cigar
in its mouth and a champagne glass in its hand,
and would do nothing." * * * 55 "The
record is down in black and white. No man can go
back of that."
Is further evidence wanted of Ku Klux or
their deeds in Kentucky? Let the many-times-
attempted-to-be-murdered blackmail agentou
the route between her principal cities answer,
who was trying to convey some intelligence to
her citizens, guarded by soldiers of the Uni-
ted States, until the Government, tired of the
profitless and dangerous attempt to enlighten
them, left Kentucky to her own ignorance and
darkness. Alas, for Kentucky when under
Democratic rule! Neither rebel nor loyal in
the war, endeavoring to maintain a treacher-
ous neutrality when the life of the nation and
the perpetuity of republican government hung
trembling on the arbitrament of arms, not dar-
ing to stand openly with either side, but in fact
in secret league with treason, she remained
weak aud powerless, to be raided over by the
guerrillas of both, until, by the confession of
her own favorite journal, she has lost in peace
all semblance of a Commonwealth, and re-
lapsing into barbarism, is impotent to protect
her own capital from the raid^ of felon out-
laws, who murder her citizens while lier legis-
lators stand approvingly looking on, with a
cigar in mouth and a glass of champagne in
hand. Thus her renown is to be only that of
a battle-ground of disorder and anarchy. Let
us write of her as was commanded in the
Apocalypse the angel of the church of Laodi-
cea, "I know thy works, that thou art neither
cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.
So then, because thou aVt lukewarm, and neither
cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my
mouth.''
In this State we have a Republican Legisla-
ture and a Governor who was elected as a Re-
publican, but of whose fidelity to his party and
principles some of the best and most reliable
men in that State have the gravest doubts.
Let us see what effect on the Ku Klux the sup-
posed Johnsonizing even of the chief magis-
trate has had. It seems agreed, that so long
as Governor Alcorn remained true compara-
tive peace and quiet blessed the State. But
within a few weeks the most terrible outrages
have been perpetrated, and there is plenary evi-
dence that the Ku Klux, extending its organ-
ization there, has control of the lives and for-
tunes of its citizens. The first piece of evidence
that I shall educe is a letter written by a gen-
tleman of the highest standing in that State.
I suppress his name for obvious prudential
reasons. His life would not be safe an hour
if his name were known ; but if I were able to
give that name from the original letter, which
I have, his statement would carry conviction
to every one who heard it. Here, then, is the
opinion of a distinguished citizen of Missis-
sippi, well able to judge, written to one of her
Senators:
[Confidential.]
Mississippi, Marehl6,1871.
My Dear General: The condition of things in
this State is far from being as promising or pleas-
ant as it was before you left us. The people {I mean
the rabble and their cursed leaders) have not yet
been conquered, but only cornered; and, thoroughly
organized, only await the slightest opportunity or
assurance of weakness in the maintenance of the
laws to break out in a grand carnival of the most
hellish crimes.
Up to within a few weeks the country was com-
paratively quiet, and apparently it was safe to come
and go anywhere in the State at pleasure, but the
Governor up to that time seemed to be firm in his
determination to enforce law and order at any ex-
pense or sacrifice; at least this was his position on
paper, and tho test hadnotbeon proved thoroughly.
But wo are now on a different basis. This whole
State is a smoldering volcano, seething and burn-
ing with a desire to biiibt forth and wipe out the
true Republican element. I am afraid that most of
these people, who, in the language of Governor A.,
are "racy of the soil of tho South," desire to wipe
out the northern Republican element as standing
in the way of a speedy return, through violence and
crime, to a system of compulsory servitude, that
being what they all havo been taught to believe is
the only system with which lies success. With none
but this element in power, and with an organized
system of lawlessness or carelessness of human rights
or even life, legislation might be framed to accom-
plish this purpose quite as effectually as slavery
itself. I tell you, that though slavery is apparently
dead and freedom has risen instead, that it will not
last, unless the strong arm of some government is
raised to crush out the hellish designs of Democracy.
Law and order must be maintained and made respect-
able with tho masses; and the spirit of crime and
its accomplishment must be made odious here and
crushed out.
Other published reports and documents sus-
tain the existence of this state of things, which
calls imperatively for the action of Congress.
I will not trouble the House with the original
extracts from the papers givin^accounts of out-
rages, as they are thoroughly notorious to the
couutry aud never have been denied, but con-
tent myself witha simple statement of the facts,
every one of which can be verified and will be
verified by legislative investigation which is
now going on there.
In Meridian a riot was inaugurated by white
men in a court-room, in which the judge and
eight or ten negroes were killed. Hon. Wil-
liam Sturgis, mayor of the city, was arrested
by an armed band, and put on board the
cars, and ordered to leave for the North, and
compelled to promise he would never return.
Hon. J. Aaron Moore, a member of the Legis-
lature and a minister of the gospel, a colored
man, was hunted through the woods, and every
train guarded for his capture, and he only
escaped with Ins life to Jackson. That night
his house and all his property was burned
over the heads of his family, and they were
turned out of doors in a condition which in a
moment will be described to you in his own
words. The same night the African church
in that town was burned. In the following
letter Mr. Moore describes the condition in
which he escaped with his life:
Jackson, Mississippi, March 18TL
Hon A. Ames;
I take the opportunity to inform you that I havo
had a great deal of trouble. You have heard of it.
I thank Grod that I am yet alive. I find a hard time
to get to Jackson; and after I got here my wife and
children camo and told me that our house was burned
down and all that we-had burned up. They didn't
