446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
have a rag of clothes but what they had on, and not
a mouthful to eat. My family are in great suffering.
X am driven from home, and have no house that I
can put my family in. What shall I do? I thank
my Sod that I am yet alive. There will never be any
peace at Meridian until it is put under martial iaw;
and, in my opinion, they should understand it.
I have the honor to remain, your humble servant,
J. AARON MOORE.
Governor Alcorn has telegraphed here that
a riot occurred in Meridian, which was at once"
suppressed, but that the matter was to undergo
legal investigation. Gentlemen of the House
of Representatives, I have the result of that
legal investigation into the murder of eight
men, the arson in the night-time of dwelling-
houses and churches, and the forcible extradi-
tion, under threats by an armed band, of the
mayor of the town, and the escape, with his
life, of the representative of that city in the
Legislature of his State. What do you suppose
was the severe punishment meted out for such
murders and felonies? Two men were bound
over by the examining magistrate in the sum
of $500 each to answer to the grand jury for
an unlawful assembly, or such other charges
as might be brought against them, and another
one in the sum of $100. And this mockery
of justice is the legal protection that Governor
Alcorn gives to the citizens of his State 1
The Governor's telegram goes on still fur-
ther to say that some "minor offenses" have
been committed on the borders of the State,
near the Alabama line. What do you suppose
those minor offenses were? I will give it in the
words of a paper published in that Slate, show-
ing the person upon whom it was committed
and the motives of the perpetrators. Colonel
AllenP. Huggins, assessorof the United States
internal revenue for the third district, was
seized by a band of one hundred and twenty
armed men, whipped, and driven from the
State, and has come to this capital to report
the facts to the Treasury Department.
In the committee-room of your committee,
which reported the bill now under discussion,
■were corroborated all these facts. He was pre-
sented to the gentlemen of the committee on
both sides of the House, and they were thus
afforded opportunity to put such questions to
him as they desired for the discovery of tbe
truth. Here, then, is the case of a United
States officer, a gentleman of high character,
a brave and gallant soldier of the Union during
the war, his person scourged with one hundred
lashes of an accursed whip, and himself driven
from his home, simply because he was a Uni-
ted States officii- in discharge of his duty.
Let me first read you the description of the
crime, with the motives of its perpetrators,
from a paper published in the State :
"Another Outrage.—Hon. Allen P. Huggins, the
United States asse&sor of the third district, and who
resides at Aberdeen. Monroe county, was a day or so
ago compelled to go out in his county in pursuit of
the oidinary requirements of bis office. Whilo so
engaged ho stopped for a short tnno at the bouse of
a gentleman, where he was well received and all the
courtesies that eould be expected Irom a stranger
were extended to him. It was about ten miles from
Aberdeen.
" While there he was waited upon by about one
hundred and twenty-five men, as we have been in-
formed, and ordered to leave the county in ten days.
Itwas also stated to him, as we are informed, that
there were no particular complaints to make of linn
individually, but that the tax laws were so obnox-
ious that it was the intention of a certain class of the
people to defeat them, if possible; at any rate, to
resist, their enforcement.
"Mr. Huggins was taken out by a masked body of
about one hundred and twenty-five men, was given
one hundred good, sound lashes, and then released.
'The leader of the party said that there was no
pi ejudiee against Mr. Hoggins individually, but that
it was the intention of the people whom they repre-
sented not to pay taxes which were assessed upon
them iast year."
Now, hear the same thing described in the
hellish language oftheKu Klux Klan that did
it, as published in a Democratic journal, which
ought to be respectable, in the town where he
had his office ; how the person of a soldier of
the Union was disgraced with twenty-five lashes,
and then, upon refusing to obey their com-
mands, seventy-five more were inflicted, until
the very life was crushed out of him.
The Tri-Weekly Examiner, published at
Aberdeen, contains the following article in its
issue of the 15th instant:
Our "Midnight Correspondence
The following communication, dated from the
realm whence " the ebon goddess looks down in ray-
less majesty upon a slumbering world," was dropped
in the post office for us on Monday.
Of course we have no means of ascertaining
whether it is genuine or not; but, as the paper upon
which it was written had rather a sepulchral saror
and the ink had been sanded with pulverized sul-
phur, we will submit it to the scrutiny and judgment
of ourreaders, merelyremarking that we have erased
a portion which was personal in its allusions, in
accordance with the rules of our office:
 , Midxiqht, March 13,1871.
Major Joxes : Hearing a great many things that
are not so, as to the proceedings of o ur organization,
I have concluded to give a few facts, which you will
please publish in your Thursday's issue. We disturb
no man who holds his tongue and attends to his own
business, leaves home only at pioper times, and pro-
vides for his family decently, and correct the whites
as often as the blacks.
We understand that Huggins says hedid not prom-
ise us to leave ; if such is the case, he reported falsely.
We gave him twenty-five lashes gently, then asked
him if he could leave this part of the "moral vine-
yard." He replied very independently thathecould
not make any such promise. One ot the men that
was killed at Metz then took charge of the silk rib-
bon, and gave him twenty-five more, but he still
refused to make any such promise.
Count Bismarck then took charge of the ribbon,
and went up among the stars with it and came down
on him, and if there is any truth in him he belched
it out. We gave him ten days, and he said he would
be gone. We hope he will fulfill his promise, for if
we have to call on him any more, Ulysses will have
to appoint an internal revenue officer to fill his place.
Wo understand that the major and others have gone
down to Jackson to see about organizing the militia;
if so, when they return please tell them to notify us
through your paper. We want them to move their
command up on rtphmge andSipsey. Wewantthem
all up there to fertilize and enrich that soil.
If any of the gentry wish to see us, they will please
call at our otiioe at about seven a. m.
Hoping to see this in your next issue, we remain,
in the name of peaco and order, K. K. K.
But I have detained you with this document
too long, the like of which was never before
seriously published in a civilized community;
but there appears to be too great evidence of
its genuineness and the hellish purposes of its
threats.
A few weeks before, four negroes were taken
from the neighborhood of this same Aberdeen
and carried across the borders of the State
into Alabama and never yet have been heard
of, and their bones, beyond doubt, are now
whitening in some forest, denied even the se-
pulture of an unknown grave. And these are
what Governor Alcorn tells you are " the minor
offenses on the border of the State of Missis-
sippi!" Judge ye what are the major.
Need 1 go further? Need I vex your ears
or fill your souls with righteous indignation by
a further recital of these grievous wrongs? If
there were no others nor no more in the Uni-
ted States, would not Congress be justified in
using the whole power of the Government,
under the Constitution, to redress these wrongs
and prevent their recurrence as a disgrace to
the country and the civilization of the world?
No other nation on earth would permit its
citizens to be thus tortured and murdered
and its officers stricken down defenseless and
unavenged.
Compare the safety of an American citizen
in his own country, on his own soil, under his
own flag, with that of a British subject where
ever the rising sun greets his flag all around
the world, in far-off Abyssinia five British
subjects were imprisoned, and that Govern-
ment went to war, at an expense of millions of
treasure, with the array of thousands of men,
to punish the barbarous king who captured
them and compel their release.
In Greece a lawless b'anditti, in the mount-
ains, captured and murdered three British
subjects, and the British Government made
instant demand for reparation, and the whole
power of the Greek nation was brought out to
hunt down and punish the men who committed
the murders, and yet England is not satisfied
until full indemnity is made; while we are
debating here whether the United States Gov-
ernment has any power under the Constitution
to'either suppress such crimes or to punish the
offenders, and men get up and suggest grave
constitutional doubts, and men representing
Republican constituencies question whether
there is any competent legal authority in the
United States to protect its own citizens under
its own flag and upon its own soil, and yet a
great political party, through its Represent-
atives, denounce the bill which is intended
and adapted as best we could to give the Pres-
ident of the United States, the Chief Execu-
tive of the nation, the power to redress these
wrongs as "infamous." The bill,indeed, has
one infamous feature. It puts its antagonists,
who cover up these crimes and thereby become
accessories in their commission, in a position
before the civilized world that will make them
infamous now and forever.
Alabama.
While my colleague from the eighth district
[Mr. Hoar] was speaking he was interrupted
by a gentleman who represents a district in that
State on the other side of the House by saying
that life and property were safe and undisturbed
in his district. His colleague from the same
State [Mr. Buckley] rose in his place the other
day and informed us that from his personal
knowledge a mail agent of the United States
was shot in the mail-car, even as he was sort-
ing his letters, by disguised men, and nobody
had been arrested for the deed.
I will not multiply further testimony of the
bloody outrages in that State, save simply to
call the attention of the House to a publication
of the American Missionary of October, 1870,
of the taking from the hands of the officer
of the law and murder of Rev. W. C. Luke, a
clergyman of tlje Methodist Episcopal church,
and a missionary in that benighted region,
whose only offense was that he was teaching
the blacks the rudiments of an education under
a commission from his bishop. Himself and
four of his pupils were taken from the hands
of the sheriff, who had arrested them, although
they had done no wrong, and at midnight, by a
band of thirty armed ruffians, hanged to trees,
his murderers even refusing to transmit a last
letter written to his wife and little ones as he
was preparing to yield up his spirit to Him
who gave it:
[From the American Missionary of October, 1870.]
Remarks of the editor.
"We do not often publish accounts of tho outrages
of these_ American Thugs. They are so harrowing to
the feelings, the daily press so teems with them, and
there seems so little hope of immediate relief, that
we spare our readers.
"But this narrative is so entirely reliable, the facts
are so touching, the innocence of the victim so com-
plete, and the closing letter so calm, heroic, and
Christian that wo cannot withhold it. In the name
ot God a.nd huma.nity, is there no remedy for these
murders? Of what avail was the war ? Of whatvalue
was the peace that leaves the land to groan under
such outrages ?
" The Murder by Ku Klux of W. O. Luke.—About a
year ago (July, 1869) W. 0. Luke left his wile and
children at their rural home in Canada, and bearing
from his Methodist pastor aletter, telling of his long
service as Sunday-school superintendent, he ap-
peared at the A. M. A.'s rooms in Cincinnati, asking
for information in regard to a suitable field where
he might establish a village school for freedmen and
make a home for his family.
"It so happened that 1 met him at the A. M. A.'s
rooms, and he decided at once to go to Talladega,
as clerk and carpenter, till the public schools of
Alabama should open.
"Not having expected to go so fa,r, he would be
short of moans, and so sawed wood the remainder
of the week to pay his expenses over the Sabbath,
till we should go to Talladega.
" We soon found him a faithful and earnest man,
doing with his might whatever his hands found to do.
"He readily adjusted himself to our modes of
prayer-meeting and Sabbath-school work, and be
ca.me a. working member of our church."
" Various threats were circulated, till finally bhots
werefired just over his bed after something had been
thrown against hi.s window, evidently to make him
sit up in bed. But the lives of others only were
endangered, ashe happened to be absent that night.
''Luke seemed not disheartened, but he delayed
sending for his family." *****
" The next day Luke and a large number of col-
ored people from Petona were arrested with or with-
out form of law.'' * 11 *• * * *
"At the preliminary trial all but four freedmen
and Luke wei e released.
" Near midnight from thirty to sixty disguised
