208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
A^ain :
" The powers of the Federal Government are lim-
ited. It possesses none but such as are dele-
gated."—4 Peters, 463; 1 McLean. 234.
Again :
"It would be a gross usurpation on the part of tho
Federal Government to interfere with State rights by
an oxercise of powers not delegated."—4 Peters, 463.
Again:
"The Federal Government is one of delegated
powers, and all powers not delegated or inhibited
to the States are reserved to the States or to tho
people."—11 Peters, 258.
The gentlemen from Pennsylvania and Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Kelley and Mr. Hoar,] hav-
ing taken the position of a centralization of
power in the General Government over the
person, liberty, property, rights, privileges, and
immunities of the citizen, go back to the Dec-
laration of Independence and the preamble to
the Constitution of the United States to estab-
lish it. They array themselves in doing so
directly against the repeated declarations of
the highest judicial tribunals of the nation as
well as States; and in the teeth of these decis-
ions ask us to go with them. However much
I may esteem those gentlemen for their talent,
position, and influence, I roust say I prefer to
follow jurists rather than politicians when a
construction of the fundamental law of the
Government is involved. The only difference
between those two gentlemen and the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiellauargbr] upon
the bill is that the former begin at the Declar-
ation of Independence and the preamble to
the Constitution, while the latter begins with
the thirteenth and ends with the fifteenth
amendment. But all arrive at the same con-
clusion, that Congress has th> unlimited power
to legislate over the person, life, liberty, prop-
erty, rights, privileges, and immunities of the
citizen.
If this is not full, thorough, and complete
centralization of State sovereignty in the Uni-
ted States Government, then 1 do not know
what centralization means. What else is there
for cither the national or State Government to
net on other than the life, liberty, property,
rights, privileges, and immunities of the citi-
zen ? This being conceded, centralization is
completed and the State governments at an
end; for, as shown, sovereignty cannot rest
in the national and State Governments at one
and the same time; it cannot vibrate and
change at the will of the nation or States. The
States did possess tho entire sovereignty, and
they possess it yet unless granted to the Gen-
eral Government. If granted to the General
Government, then they do not possess it any
more than the tenant in fee possesses the estates
for years and for life after he has granted them
away ; and whatever was left with the States,
is under their control and not under the con-
trol of the Dnited Slates Government.
I believe that I have now goue over these
preliminary matters as fully as I desire, and I
shall now pass on to the consideration of the
recent amendments to tho Constitution of the
United States—the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth. It is contended by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. ShellabargerJ and others that the
power to enact this bill is derived from these
amendments. I wish now to call the attention
of the House to those amendments, as I desire
to criticise them closely ; and I think when I
am through that 'there will not be any room
for question with reference to the power of
Congress over them. The thirteenth amend-
ment says that—
"Neither slaverynor involuntary servitude, except
as 11 ijuuishment for crime, whereof the party shall
li vo been duly convicted, shall exist within tho
United States, or any place subject to their juris-
diction."
The fourteenth amendment says that—
"Ail persons born or naturalised in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of tho United States and of the State whero-
w they reside."
And then it provides further that—
" No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of cit-
izens of the United States; nor shall any State de-
prive any person of life, liberty, or property without
due process of law, nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
Section one of the fifteenth amendment
reads:
"The right of citizens of the United States to
vote shall not bo denied or abridged by the United
States, or by any State, on account of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude."
Now we have these three amendments before
us, and we will concede that there is powergiven
the General Government in the amendments
to enforce them. But, Mr. Speaker, the ques-
tion is," what power is vested in the General
Government over the subject-matter of those
amendments ? Whatever power is given to
the General Government is simply adequate
to and commensurate with the amendments ;
that is to say, to enforce that which is estab-
lished or that which is prohibited, and nothing
more. To do this, Congress must act upon
and against that power, person, or thing that
can successfully violate the provisions of the
amendments.
What is there established by the thirteenth
amendment? The liberty of the slave. We
have him changed from the condition of slavery
to that of liberty. Who is it or what is it that
can return the slave back to bondage again ?
Whatever it is or whoever it is that has the power
to return the slave t-o bondage, then against that
power, person, orthing is given to Congress the
right to legislate, and against no other. What
is it, then, that can remand him back to slavery?
Is it the individual act of any one man ? Can
one or two men, or a dozen men, or fifty men,
or a hundred men, by murdering or mistreat-
ing the colored people who were slaves return
them into bondage again? Why, sir, it is
absurd and preposterous to so assert. Noth-
ing but the sovereign power of the State in
which he lives can again remand or attempt
to remand him to slavery. And hence, what-
ever power is vested in the United States Con-
gress must be exercised against the State gov-
ernments and those acting under their laws,
and not against individuals who may act with-
out the authority of such laws. Individuals
alone cannot enslave.
And so with the fourteenth amendment. It
provides that these same persons who once
were slaves shall be citizens of the United
States and of the States. Who can deprive
them of citizenship? Can one or more indi-
viduals do it? So with the other provisions
contained in the first section of said fourteenth
amendment: no State shall deprive any per-
son of life, liberty, or property, &c.; and no
State shall deny to any person, &c., the equal
protection of the laws. The language is ''No
State " shall do this or that. Individuals nor
a combination of individuals are mentioned,
and yet they are to be brought under the pro-
visions of the bill and the "State" is to be
exempted.
The same may he said of the fifteenth amend-
ment. It enfranchises the'colored people and
gives them the right to vote; the language is
positive and plain:
"Tho right of citizens of tho United States to vote
shall not bedonied or abridged by the United States,
or by any State, onaccountofrace, color, orprevious
condition of servitude,"
Here again the inhibition is against the
"United States" and the "States." Indi-
viduals and persons are not named, and yet
they are to be brought under the provisions of
the amendment and this bill, and the "United
States" and the "States" go free. Is not this
most singular legislation—the parties against
whom the provision is made left out of the
bill, and those not named putin it?
Tho inhibitions in the amendments against
the United States and the States are against
them in their corporate and legislative capa-
cities, for the thing or acts prohibited can alone
be performed by them in their corporate or
legislative capacities.
Again, I ask, can individuals in a State
without the aid of State law enslave a colored
"man ? If not, Congress has no jurisdiction
over them under the thirteenth amendment.
Can individuals take from the colored man
his "citizenship?" If not, then Congress has
no jurisdiction over them under the fourteenth
amendment. Can individuals take the right
to vote from the colored man, which was con-
ferred by the Constitution of the United States?
If not, Congress has no jurisdiction over them;
for surely Congress could not be guilty of legis
lating against those who are incapable of vio
lating the amendments and fail to legislate
against those who can.
As the States have the power to violate
them and not individuals, we must presume
that the legislation provided for is against the
States in their corporate and legislative capa-
city or character and those acting under their
laws, and not against the individuals, as such,
of the States. I am sustained in this view of
the case by the tenth section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution of the United States.
In it are a number of inhibitions against the
States, which it is evident are against them in
their corporate and legislative capacity; and
to which 1 respectfully call the attention of the
gentlemen who favor this bill,
If no State, in its corporate capacity or char-
acter, is trying or threatening to legislate the
colored people back into slavery; if no State
is trying to legislate citizenship away from the
colored people—and no State is trying to legis-
late the right to vote away from the colored peo-
ple—I would not only ask whence the author-
ity for Congress to pass this bill, but whence the
necessity for it? Not only is there not any
evidence before us, but no one dare arise on
this floor and assert that any State in this
Union has or is about to deprive or abridge
the colored people or white people of any rights
guarantied to them by the thirteenth, four-
teenth, and fifteenth amendments or any other
provision of the Constitution of the United
States. " No State shall do this," as remarked
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth.j This whole legislation must be direct-
ed against the States, and not against individ-
uals. It may be contended that the expression
" no State " meausthe same as" individuals."
If so, then the States and the United States
were with Walker in his filibustering raid into
Central America ; and also in Canada in the
late Fenian raids. But the tenth section,
article one, Constitution of the United States,
referred to, forever settles what is meant by
the expression " no State."
Mr. Speaker, the advocates of this bill fail
to discriminate between the "status" of a
citizen and the exercise of the rights flowing
from that " status." The States cannot, under
the amendments, legislate to change the status
of the colored people. Were they slaves?
They are now freemen. Were they aliens?
They are now citizens. Were they disfran-
chised ? They are now enfranchised. These
several "statuses" the United States Govern-
ment guaranties to defend under the thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments, and
nothing more. The means by which and the
manner in which the exercise of the rights,
privileges, and immunities flowing from those
several " statuses " are left where they ever
have been, with the State governments to con-
trol.
This is what I understand to be meant by the
provisions in those amendments conferring on
Congress the power to enforce them by "appro-
priate legislation." Suppose we should adopt
an amendment to the Constitution granting
the right to Mr. Jacob Albright to keep a
