1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEFSSIONAL GLOBE.
209
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
" dram shop" during life, and further provide
that no State should abridge the right or priv-
ilege thus granted, and then add a further
clause saying that "Congress shall have the
power to enforce it by 'appropriate legisla-
tion,' " would it be considered that that pro-
vision would confer upon Congress the right to
legislate with reference to assaults and batteries
committed on Mr. Albright? No one would
dare assert such an absurd proposition. And
yet that is identically what is sought to be done
here under the thirteenth, fourteenth, and
fifteenth amendments, and the bill under con-
sideration.
But it is argued that because the fourteenth
amendment confers upon the United States
Government the power to make citizens, that
therefore the power to legislate to protect
them in the exercise of all the rights, privi-
leges, and immunities flowing therefrom is
necessarily implied.
It is a sufficient answer to this to say that the
Government, has ever had the power to make
citizens. But who, before the adoption of the
thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amend-
ments, had the boldness to claim such power
or the boldness to assert that Congress pos-
sessed the power to legislate as is provided in
the bill under consideration. I know that the
second section, article four, UnitedStates Con-
stitution , which reads as follows: '' The citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several
States," is relied upon to sustain this view.
But when we look back to the time it was
adopted, and see the object and necessity for
it, the position falls to the ground.
The citizen of each State was a citizen of
an independent sovereign nation. To avoid
State naturalization was the object of the pro-
vision. Would an alliance or confederation
with the United States, England, and France
for a common defense change the " status" of
the citizens of those respective nations? We
know it would not. Nor would it havechanged
the citizenship of the citizens of any one of the
States. They must be regarded, as they were,
as thirteen independent nations. This view
renders the provision of easy solution, any
other but mystifies and confounds.
Naturalization of a citizen by United States
Government gives him all the rights, privileges,
and immunities of any other citizen of the same
age and sex. The section read is but a natu-
ralization law, in effect, between the States,
which executes itself by the parties crossing
State liues, and supersedes the necessity of
naturalization by the State courts. The adult
male citizen passing from New York into Mas-
sachusetts has all the rights, privileges, and
immunities of an adult male citizen of Massa-
chusetts. So with adult females and minors.
If this alarming and monstrous doctrine be
true, that the "power" to make citizens car-
ries with it the power to give and protect them
in all the rights, privileges, and immunities of
citizenship, then "woman suffrage" should be
no longer denied, for surely she has the same
rights, privileges, and immunities by natural-
ization that a man has. The first section four-
teenth amendment, like section two, article
four, United States Constitution, quoted be-
fore, is in its effect but an act of naturaliza-
tion ; and as no distinction of sex and color
is made, all—males and females, whites and
blacks, if the position of gentlemen favoring
this bill be correct—must possess equal rights,
privileges, and immunities. This is but the
legitimate result of the latitudinarian, gum-
elastic, constitutional-expansion doctrine of
this day. This definition of the word "citizen"
is but making the word a " magic casket," to
rob States of their sovereignty and to transfer
it to the General Government.
This bill only has its parallel in the enforce-
ment act passed last year. The General Gov-
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 14.
ernment is empowered by the Constitution to
pass laws regulating the election of United
States Representatives and Senators in the
States, except as to place of electing Sena-
tors. Under that provision Congress not only
assumed jurisdiction over the election of Sen-
ators and Representatives, but also over State
elections. A more flagrant violation of con-
stitutional law and the rights of citizens was
never perpetrated than in that act, and as is
sought to be in this bill; power over one sub-
ject conferred, but exercising it over another,
not authorized.
The fugitive slave law has been referred to
as an evidence of the right of Congress to
legislate under negative powers. I was-aston-
ished when I heard the assertions which have
been made by gentlemen upon this point. Let
me call attention to the provision of the Con-
stitution on this subject:
"No person held to service or labor in one State,
under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein,
be discharged from such service or labor, but shall
be delivered up on claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due."
Here is not only a negative, but a positive
enactment. The power of the General Gov-
ernment in this respect did not rest upon a
mere negative provision. The declaration of
the Constitution is that the party "shall be
delivered up." Hence all the power neces-
sary to enforce that provision in any State of
the Union is given affirmatively.
I am not forgetful of the strong appeal that
is made by the friends of the bill upon the
ground of "necessity." I have ever heard
that "necessity" was the tyrant's plea. The
course pursued here and the object to be accom-
plished by the bill under consideration has not
increased my love for it. Murder, arson, rob-
bery, and all conceivable crimes are being
perpetrated by the Ku Klux, it is said, and
the State laws are inoperative and ineffectual,
and "necessity" requires Congress to act. To
this I respond, I have taken no oath to be gov-
erned by "necessity," but have taken one to
be governed by the Constitution of the United
States, and although the greatest necessity
might exist for the General Government to
interpose in the domestic affairs of the States,
yet if the power is not conferred upon Con-
gress to act, I cannot do so without violating
my oath. This " plea" of necessity has been
passed upon by our courts time and again. It
was invoked in a case of murder in the State
of Tennessee. It and the " liberal construc-
tion " policy was in that case invoked, as here,
to hang a man. .Justice McLean, of the Uni-
ted States Supreme Court, met those positions
thus. Says the judge:
" It is argued that unless tho defendant can be
tried under the act of Congress, there is 110 law by
which he can he punished. If on this ground the
Federal Government may exercise jurisdiction,
whore shall its powers be limited ? The Constitution
is no longer the guide, when the Government acts
from ' necessity.' This law always affords a pretext
for usurpation."
Again remarks the learned judge :
"If the State has no jurisdiction or fails to exer-
cise it, it does not follow that the Federal Govern-
ment has a general and unlimited jurisdiction over
the territory, for its powers are delegated and cannot
be assumed to supply any delect of power on the part
of the State."—1 McLean, Reports, 238-9. -
This is the opinion of that judge with refer-
ence to jurisdiction of the United States Gov-
ernment over offenses committed in the terri-
tory of a State government, and should be
conclusive of the question forever.
Before passing to the bill I would remark
that so far as mails and mail agents are con-
cerned we already have laws to protect them.
And as to theKu Klux, it is immaterial whether
one or a thousand outrages have been perpe-
trated. That does not create a power in the
Constitution never conferred by the States or
people thereof.
We are not bound to wait until crime is
committed before we enact laws. We may
act on an " apprehension of danger"if webave
the power. Then, to my mind, it is simply a
question of " power," or authority, and noth-
ing more.
Now, sir, with these remarks before us, I
shall hasten to the consideration of the bill.
Having shown that the thirteenth, fourteenth,
and fifteenth amendments are simply inhibi-
tions of power to the States to legislate, I will
now examine the bill by sections, and see how
it conforms to those amendments. The first
section provides—
" That any person who, under eolor of any law.
statute, ordina.nce, regulation, custom, or usageof
any State, shall subject, or cause to bo subjected,
any person within tho jurisdiction of the Unitod
States to the deprivation of any rights, privileges,
orimmunitiessecuredby the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, shall, any such law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, custom, or usage of the State to the con-
trary notwithstanding, be liable to the party injured
in any action at law, suit in equity, or other proper
proceeding for redress," &c.
The first part of this section seems to con-
template that some State has or is about to
legislate so as to abridge the rights con-
ferred by the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fif-
teenth amendments upon the negroes; but
it includes the whites a'lso. As those amend-
ments only apply to those that were slaves and
not before citizens, and to the colored persons
not before voters, to include any others than
them is an assumption of power.
Provisions made to protect negroes in their
freedom, citizenship, and right to vote should
not be construed to give Congress the power
to legislate over assaults and batteries and
violations of State election laws. But, strange
to say, such is the effect of this section. But
as no State has or is likely to pass any such
law as contemplated, that section is and will
be inoperative, and hurt no one. It is only
the assumption of power that I protest against.
We shall now notice the second section.
The distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger,] feeling the force of the ob-
jections to the bill, and especially this section,
(because it is supposed by some to confer juris-
diction upon the United States courts over
murder, manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, per-
jury, subornation of perjury, criminal obstruc-
tion of legal process, and assaults and batte-
ries) arises often to assure us that it is only for
"conspiracies" to commit those acts that
jurisdiction is given; that is, it may be.we
have not the power to legislate over murder,
manslaughter, mayhem, robbery, and perjury
in the States ; but surely, says the gentleman,
we have over "conspiracies " 10 commit them.
Says the distinguished gentleman, lawyer, and
jurist:
"I know we have not the power to give the groat
Supreme Court of the United States jurisdiction
over the insignificant offenses of assaults and bat-
teries in the States, but surely no one caa call in
question our power to give those courts jurisdiction
over the important offense of ' conspiracy ' to com-
mit an assault and battery."
And, in conclusion, that distinguished gen-
tleman says to the opposers of the bill:
"I am fullyaware that, if John Jones, ("white gen-
tleman.) under the provisions of this section, should
commit a battery by spitting in tho face of Iko
Busthead, (colored gentleman.) the United States
courts could not have jurisdiction over the bat-
tery; but that can be no good reason why we may
not confer jurisdiction upon those august, tribunals
overagreat 'conspiracy' upon tho partofsaid John
Jones and Billy Scatterbrains (white gentlemen) to
spit in the face of tho aforesaid Wiiliam Busthead,
(colored gentleman,) whether they ever do it or not."
The idea that we have power to legislate
over a "conspiracy" to commit these offenses
and not the offenses themselves is preposter-
ous, and without reason or common sense.
Why the delegates who framed the Constitu-
tion should have drawn*such a distinction is
unknown.
The major offenses, murder and assaultsand
batteries are given to the State courts, say the
gentlemen on the other side, while the minor
