448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
to show there were no outrages at the South.
With child-like simplicity he actually spouted
extracts from the customary and, of course,
meaningless platitudes of the Speaker's speech
of thanks for his election as evidence of the
state of the country. To such shifts are the
Democracy driven to conceal crime.
As a part of my evidence on this point, I
present to the House, apologizing as I do so,
the statement of the correspondent of the
New York Sun as to the state of things exist-
ing in the State of South Carolina, which is
good evidence to bind the Opposition, bat, I
admit, none for us, save upon the principle
that the confession of the devil may be received
in evidence against his associates in hell, but
not to injure the saints. Of the Ku Klux Klan
he writes as follows:
Columbia, Socth Carolina, March 9,1871.
The disturbances which have existed in this State
since the election of last fall are now assuming pro-
portions somewhat alarming to the Seott dynasty
and the horde ot vultures which infest the capital.
Xhere are thousands at the North, and indeed very
many at the South, who have regarded the organiza-
tion known as the KuKlux Klan as a fantasy of the
negro brain and having no existence in fact; butthat
belief can exist no longer. The South Carolina Ku
Klux is an undeniable fact. He exists right in our
midst, and there are indications that he intends
throwing oil the mask which has hitherto hidden
his identity and coming out boldly to throw over
the present rig%me, and endeavor to save his State
from the talons of the vultures that are sucking her
life-blood. There are many here who think they
see the handwriting on the wall, and are preparing
for a Clash. Principal among these is Governor
Robert Iv. Scott. No man could have changed more
within the past six months than has the Governor in
his administration of his .duties.
_ That Union county now is wholly in posses-
sion of armed violence is shown by a notice
published in one of these journals, calling
upon all the officers of that county to resign;
and those officers, knowing that the orders of
the Ku Klux must be obeyed upon peril of life,
Lave resigned.
The following document was found posted
in Union county, South Carolina :
[Special Orders No. S, K. It. K.]
K. K. K„
HEADQUARTERS NlXTU DIVISION, S. C.
"Ignorance is the curse of God."
For this reason we arc determined that members
ol the Legislature, the school commissioner, and
tho county commissioners of Union, shall no longer
olneiate.
Fifteen days' notice from this date is therefore
given, and if they, one and all, do not at once and
torover resign their present inhuman, disgraceful,
faiid outrageous rule, then retributive justice will as
surely he used as night follows day.
Also, "An honest man is the noblest work of God."
* or this reason, if the clerk of the said board of
county commissioners and school commissioner does
not immediately renounce and relinquish liis pres-
ent position, then harsher measures than this will
most assuredly and certainly beused. For confirm-
ation, reference to the orders heretofore published
m the Union Weekly Times andYorkville Enquirer
will more fully and completely show our intention.
By order Grand Chief :
A. 0., Grand Secretary.
Mauoii 9, A. D. 1871.
They do not stop there. Emboldened by our
supineness, encouraged by their Democratic
friends on this floor, they have at last notified
Governor Scott that all State officials must
leave; and he has appealed to the President
for power to sustain himself against this organ-
ization, and a new rebellion is again broken out
in South Carolina.
i hus I have shown you the disease upon the
body-politic and its causes.
what, then, is tub remedy ?
I can suggest a panacea for all this trouble,
which I solemnly assert, before God and the
country, in my judgment, would be instantly
and entirely effectual, and thoroughly cure all
these evils, could it be put in operation.
Let the Democratic party, through all its
leaders, North and South, of all its organiza-
tions, proclaim that it was necessary, for the
success of the Democracy, that these murders,
outrages, and wrongs should stop, and that
life, property, and all the rights of citizens
must be respected, or they cannot choose a
Democratic President in 1872; and from that
hour, in my belief, profound peace and quiet
would reign in every county in the southern
States, insomuch that the hated and despised
Yankee school-marm might teach undisturbed
negro children from the Potomac to the Rio
Grande; yea, even how to read the Holy Scrip-
tures. But it is too painfully evident, from the
course of debate on this floor, that we cannot
hope for any such sublime exhibition of virtue
and patriotism. The Democracy will not give
up their party organizations in the South, and
there is nothing left for us but to pass strong
and vigorous laws, to be promptly executed
by a firm hand, armed, when need be, with
military power.
has congress the constitutional authority to
pass and cause to be executed such laws?
I do not propose in the fragment of an hour
to enter upon the argument of this grave con-
stitutional question. It could not be properly
discussed if I devoted the whole time allotted
to me ; and I am specially debarred from such
an undertaking by the learned and able discus-
sion of the two gentlemen from Ohio, [Messrs.
SHELLABARGERand Bingham,] and my own col-
league, [Mr. Hoar,] who said all that could
be said upon that subject in the time given to
them. But every gentleman should in the
quiet of his study carefully examine it, and
thus easily satisfy himself. For one, I have no
doubt upon it, after much careful and deliber-
ate thought and study of the question, although
the Democratic teachings of my early life had
trained my mind to lean heavily against any
invasion by Federal authority of the peculiar
and proper rights of the States;
I may be permitted, however, to give some
conclusions to which I have arrived without
any considerable detail of the reasoning which
led to them.
There seem to me two controlling proposi-
tions on this question.
First. If the Federal Government cannot
pass laws to protect the rights, liberty, and lives
of citizens of the United States in the States,
why were_ guarantees of those fundamental
rights put in the Constitution at all, and espe-
cially by acts of amendment?
_ All agree that the mere constitutional asser-
tion of affirmative guarantees not made opera-
tive by law, are ineffectual to aid the citizen.
How, then, can the citizen avail himself of
those constitutional guarantees and affirmative
declarations of his rights, if Congress cannot
pass laws to make them operative? How can
itbe an interference with the rights of the States
for the laws of the United States to afford that
protection to its citizens which the State fails
or neglects to do for itself?
Is it one of the rights of a State not to pro-
tect its citizens in the enjoyment of life, liberty,
and property, and thereby deny him the equal
protection of the laws, so that, when the Gen-
eral Government attempts to do for the pro-
tection of the citizen what the State has failed
to do, is it to be held an interference with the
rights of the State? Pardon me; it seems to
me that such action is only a necessary and
proper interference with the wrongs of a State.
A State has no constitutional or other right
reserved to itself to deny or neglect to its cit-
izen the equal protection of the laws.
Secondly. If the General Government has
not the constitutional power to protect the
lives, liberty, and property of its citizens upon
its own soil when such protection is needed,
then it ought to have such power; it should re-
side somewhere in the Government. ForwKh-
out the power to protect the lives of its citizens,
a republican government is a failure, and if
such be constitutional law, to be a citizen of
the United States is tobe the most unprotected
of all mankind.
Wherever a citizen of the United States may
be, upon a foreign soil or upon a foreign sea,
however remote, the Constitution and laws of
the United_ States are around and about him,
guarding him from outrage and injury as fully
as the cherubim and the flaming sword kept
the way of the tree of life. There is no nation
so weak or savage, none so cultivated, rich,
or powerful, that it can unjustly lay its hand
upon an American citizen in arrest or anger
without calling down upon it the whole power
of the Republic to protect him and redress his
wrongs. " I am an American citizen'' is the
passport of safety of all his rights throughout
the world, save only in his own country. Can
this be so?
Nay, more, the Republic has carried the right
to protect her citizens much further. When a
man has taken the legal step to declare his
intention to be a citizen of the United States
then the country with unanimity, without nega-
tion, have declared that the guns of the United
States Navy shall be turned upon the ships of
any Power where such an one may be held
prisoner. Witness the nervous language with
which Commander Ingraham, in 1853, an-
nounced this doctrine, with the guns of the
St. Louis trained on the Austrian man-of-
war, where Martin Koszta, an Austrian sub-
ject by birth, but an American by intention,
was imprisoned:
"It was a matter of life and death, for if Keszta
had been taken to Trieste his fate was sealed; and
could I have looked the American people in the face
again if I had allowed a citizen to be executed and
not used the power in my hands to protect him for
tear of doing too much?" * * * * *
" But whatever may be the consequences to my-
self, I shall feel that X have donemybest to support
the honor of the flagr, and not allow a citizen to be
oppressed who claimed at my hands the protection
of tho flag."
And the language and acts of Ingraham, in
so rescuing this inchoate citizen from foreign
domination were sustained by every department
of our Government, and applauded by all our
people as necessary and proper, as well under
the Constitution of the United States as the
public law of nations.
Let me put a case, not altogether a supposed
one, to illustrate the absolute absurdity of the
doctrine that the ITederal Government cannot
constitutionally interfere on its own soil to
protect the liberty and lives of its citizens.
A British subject is teaching a negro school
in Georgia, and is seized, scourged, and im-
prisoned by a Ku Klux Klan. Demand is
made by the queen's Government on ours for
his release and indemnity for his wrongs.
Under the law of nations and by our Consti-
tution the whole power of the United States,
civil and military, must be set in motion at
once, if need be, to compel his release, and
an appropriation must be made to make good
his losses. The failure so to do would be a
just cause of war, and we should not do to
other nations what we demand at the cannon's
mouth they shall do to us. So that under the
Constitution, as read by these gentlemen, the
rights of a foreigner, when infringed in one
of the Stales, can and must be protected by
the whole power of the United States, while
our Government is constitutionally impotent
to shield its own citizens under like circum-
stances. Can the absurdity of a Virginia con-
stitutional abstractionist even further go?
Can it be, then, that an American citizen is
protected in his rights of person and property
by the Constitution and laws of the United
States, with the whole power of the Govern-
ment, everywhere, except on our own soil,
under his own roof-tree, and covered by our
own flag? Does that proposition need more
argument than the statement of it ? If the con-
verse be true, then again 1 repeat, the Govern-
ment of the United States is a failure ; and
better monarchy, better despotism, better any-
thing than systematized anarchy, organized
murder, outrage, and wrong, done at the will
of remorseless bands upon defenseless citizens.
has such state op things arisen as to make as
EXIOENCY FOB THE EXERCISE Of THIS POWER?
Early in February last a bill was referred to
the Committee on Reconstruction to meet tha
status of the South as it then appeared.
_ It will be observed that many of these most
violent outrages have beeu brought to the at-
tention of Congress since that date. It then
