1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Johnston.
Senate.
only proofs he presented in regard to these
States.
Mr. President, I think it was the first time
in a deliberative body that extracts from papers
were read as proofs of the truth of the state-
ments contained in them. The Senator does
not even know the names of the editors of the
papers that he quotes. He does not know the
source of their information ; he does not know
whether it is true or false, for what purpose
these statements were put in, or how they
came to be there; and yet he gravely asks us
to legislate on so important a subject, and to'
receive these editorials of one or two papers
in each of these States as proofs of the sweep-
ing allegations of the resolution, that all civil
law is subverted, that the courts are utterly
powerless to punish crime, and that organized
perjury exists.
As to the State of Mississippi he quotes the
statement of a Senator in regard to the Yerger
and Crane affair. I do not know what Sen-
ator that is; his name was not given; but if
that Senator were put upon the -witness-stand
and cross-examined, it might be that the com-
plexion of his statement would be altered
somewhat.
Now, Mr. President, this committee _ was
delegated to ascertain facts. In ascertaining
facts there are certain received canons of evi-
dence which the wisdom of generations of
learned lawyers and wise judges has laid down.
Long experience has shown that these canons
are the best and only means to arrive at truth
and ascertain what is the fact in regard to any
particular thing; and as the object was to
ascertain the facts in this case, I see no reason
why we should depart in this particular trans-
action from the same rules which we would
employ to ascertain facts in any other case.
Suppose we were inquiring before a court what
were facts as to a particular charge in the case
of a man on trial before the court, these would
be the rules of evidence by which we should
regulate our proceeding, and when it comes
to trying eleven States and ten million people
on criminal charges, why should we adopt
different rules or depart from those principles
which have been so long established and so
wisely settled?
Those canons may be briefly summed up as
follows : that the examination should be con-
ducted in public; that the witnesses should be
sworn ; that the accused should be notified of
the charges against him and confronted with
his accusers ; that the witnesses should be
cross-examined ; that the accused should be
allowed to introduce witnesses in his defense;
that the witnesses should be allowed to testify
only to facts within their own knowledge ; that
hearsay evidence should not be admitted ; that
the accused should be allowed to attack, if he
can, the character of the witnesses against
him ; that the witness who makes a false state-
ment about any material matter should not be
believed in anything at all; that confessions
should be voluntary, and not extorted by threats
or procured by rewards or promises.
Now, let us test the report of this committee
by these fair, well-established rules, and see
whether or not the conclusions drawn by the
committee are sustained by anything that was
legally proved before them.
In the first place, the committee held its ses-
sions in secret. Its doors were closed. The
witnesses were not publicly examined. The
charges against the people of the southern
States were not made known to them. The
committee was trying eleven States and ten
millions of people, and no open indictment
was preferred against them. What they were
charged with was not made public. For any-
thing I could tell, I, being a citizen of the State
of Virginia, might have been tried by that very
committee, and aft'er having sat there a week
they might have come in and brought in a
report against me and declared that I was guilty
of some high crime or misdemeanor.
This is not only against the spirit of the law,
but we have divine authority for saying that
such a mode of conducting a criminal exam-
ination ought not to be permitted; for when
Paul was under arrest, Festus, in reporting the
case to Agrippa, stated:
"A certain man was left in bonds by Felix, about
whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests
and the elders of the Jews informed me. desiring to
havejudgment against him, to whom I answered:
It is not the manner of the Romans to deliver any
man to die, before that he which is aeaused have the
accusers face to face, and have license to answer for
himself concerning the crime laid against him."
That was the rule under the Roman law.
It was not the custom of that despotic Govern-
ment to try any man unless in the presence of
his accusers and informing him of the charge
against him, and thus giving him an oppor-
tunity to defend himself fully. Was that rule
observed in this examination ? It was not.
Let me illustrate this a little. Suppose
some colored brother, some " snapper-up of
unconsidered trifles," should be indicted for
petty larceny. Suppose the court before which
he was to be tried should sit with closed doors
and the prisoner should not be admitted ; that
they should open the door merely to take in a
witness and slam it in the face of everybody
else. The accused would know that he was
being tried, but would not know what was
being testified against him; he would not know
what the distinct charge against him was ; and,
after sitting in this way for a week, he still
clamoring at the door, " Here are witnesses
that I waDt to produce to clear myself of this
charge," the court should come out and say,
"We have found you guilty." Why, sir, if
such a thing -as that were done against an indi-
vidual in the United States a howl would go
up from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean.
And yet that very thing has been done here
against eleven States of this Union and six
millions of southern whites.
I do not propose (for I shall not take up so
much time of the Senate) to go at large into
the evidence in this case. I propose to refer
principally to the witnesses referred to by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] I take
it for granted that he selected those whose
evidence he regarded as strongest to make out
his case, those who best supported the view
he wished to take. If I am right in that, and
if upon examining their testimony it is found
not to sustain the indictment, I think it is
superfluous to take up the time of the Senate
in examining anything else.
The witness most relied upon is one James
E. Boyd—"Truthful James," I suppose he
is. Whatever comes out from his evidence,
one thing does appear very plainly, that this
Truthful James is the character most infamous
in all civilized nations on the earth. He is an
approver and an informer. He admits that
he took an oath which he violated. _ He has
been guilty of the one offense that his fellow-
men neither forget nor forgive, that of being an
approver for fear or for reward. He comes
into court, and his testimony is to be weighed
by such lights as that.
Let us see whether even that man, infamous
as his own testimony makes him, has said
anything, tested by the fair rules which I have
laid down and which no lawyer will deny,
which ought to be accepted as proof of the
charges made. In the first place, let us_see
as to his means of knowing what he testifies
about. On page 18 of the report of the evi-
dence the question is asked him:
" Were you present at any deliberations wpou tho
propriety of raiding against er punishing any one?
" Answer. .No, sir; 1 never was at but one meeting
of the organization in my life.
" Question. But one?
"Answer. I attended but one meeting after 1 M
initiated; and nothing was done at that meeting
but theinitiation of members."
That is his whole experience; that is his
means of ascertaining what was done at these
meetings. He attended a single meeting, and
at that meeting nothing was done but to initi-
ate members; and yet this same man goes on
to testify as to what these parties determined
in their meetings, what they did, what they
said, what plans they laid, what villainies and
outrages they intended to perpetrate, having
admitted that he was never present at any
meeting where these things were under dis-
cussion.
Then on page 19 the question is asked him :
"What is your knowledge of the object and extent
of this organization throughout the State?
"Answer. I can only state from hearsay"—
He knows nothing of his own knowledge,
but only states from hearsay—■
" what I have heard from members of tho organ-
ization. The nnmber of the members of the organ-
ization is supposed to be forty thousand."
Even the Senator from Ohio admits that that
cannot be true. That is a little too strong even
for him. There cannot be that many, in his
opinion. If, then, the witness, according to
the admission of the Senator himself, has stated
falsely in that respect, it ought to destroy his
testimony in regard to everything else.
Then, on page 21 we find him stating, not the
fact that he knows anything, that he has seen
anything of which he can testify of his own
knowledge, but this:
"I have no doubt in my own mind (though I have
no information from others that such was the case)
but what Outlaw was killed in ordor to break up the
organization of thecoloredvoters in my own county
or frighten them away from voting."
He testifies to a fact upon which he does
not even say he knows anything or that any-
body else has told him anything, only that he
has no doubt in his own mind about it.
Then again, on page 23 we find that he states
' that in all this great ©rganization of forty
thousand men a single veto could arrest any-
thing at all. If so, and if ho is the good man
he would have us believe, why did he not inter-
pose his aegative to these outrageous proceed-
ings? He was a member, he knew that ke
had the one-man power, the veto power, but
failed to exercise it, and then blames parties
in his testimony for proceedings which he hucl
the power to stop simply by saying, "this
thing shall not be done ; I interpose iny veto.''
This witness is also very much relied upan
to sustain the statement that this organization
is composed mainly of rebel soldiers. Let us
see what his information on that subject is.
On page 26 he is asked this question:
"Are the majority of persons in the organizati#n
confederate soldiers ?
"Answer. I take it to be so, simply becaijs* a
majority of tke men werain the confederate servtee
in some way, either in the junior or senior reserves,
or regular service."
That is his whole information. He was a
member of tke organization, and yet the only
foundation for his assertion that a majority of
these men were confederate soldiers was that
a majority of the people of the State were con-
federate spldiers. In that county there were
twice as many colored people as belonged to
the organization, according to his own state-
ment, and why not think it possible that that
particular organization might have been com-
posed in whole of in part of colored people ?
But knowing nothing about it, not having seen
these men, not pretending to base his asser-
tion upon anything else except the fact that,
the people belonged to the confederate army,
he undertakes to say that a. majority of the
persons in the organization were confederate
soldiers.
But up®n that point-he is contradicted by
other witnesses introduced on the same side.
I will read what Peter R. Harden, who was a
justice of the peace, says on that subject:
" By the Chairman:
" Question,. What proportion of persons in your
