1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4^9
seemed to the Committee on Reconstruction
that provision might be made for relief against
crimp through the ordinary channels of judi-
cial administration, provided with a sufficient
number of judicial officers charged in due
form of law with the detection of such crimes
and staying and arresting the offenders. But
it also appeared to that committee that, in
order to give the judicial tribunals of the Uni-
ted Otstes jurisdiction of such acts of wrong
and violence, they must be made specific
crimes against the laws, sovereignty, peace,
and dignity of the United States. Therefore,
a bill was considered in that committee, which
provided, first, that there should be a commis-
sioner of a United States court in every county
of the South where the state of lawlessness
rendered his presence necessary, whose duty
it should be to ferret out crime,, stay the
offenders, and bring them to justice.
The bill further provided that the wrongs
committed against the citizens of the United
States, for the purpose of depriving such cit*
izens of enjoyment of life, liberty, and prop-
erty,. guarantied to him by the Constitution,
be made crimes against the laws of the Uni-
ted States and cognizable by its courts. The
bill further provided that every citizen should
have remedy in the Federal courts against the
party depriving him of such rights, immuni-
ties, and privileges; and that where the com-
munity connived at such crimes and allowed its
citizens to be plundered of such rights with-
out any sufficient attempt to stay the maraud-
ers, so that by their stealth or their poverty
the citizen was left without remedy, then he
should have a remedy against the locality
whose duty it was to protect him and which
had failed on its part, for the wrongs suffered
by him, with proper penalties and provisions
to put the judicial machinery in motion to
carry out the provisions of law.
Such are all the: punitive or remedial pro-
visions of the bill which the Committee on
Reconstruction of the last Congress, by a vote
of every true Republican present, ordered to
be reported to the House, and which received
a vote of but two less than two thirds that it
should be considered in preference to all other
business.
That bill I am proud to have called after
my name. There is no provision of it that I
would alter or change, except to make them
more stringent, had i the power to make them
the supreme law of the land. There is no pro-
vision ia it but what was agreed to be within
the constitutional power of Congress by some
of the best lawyers of both Senate and House,
to whom it was submitted ; and the only criti-
cism upon it by such lawyers was, it seemed
to me, the puerile one that it might shock the
prejudices of the people, and so injure the
Republican party.
In my judgment, if the Republican party
cannot stand necessary, proper, constitutional
legislation to protect its friends at the South
and the citizens of the United States every-
where, then the sooner the men who are
shocked by such legislation leave it the better
for the party and the country; because, if kept
alive without the ability to pass such measures
to protect the lives and property of the citi-
zens of the United States against organized
rapine and murder, its usefulness as a party
organization has ceased.
Failing to be considered by the House at the
last session, for reasons which have been here-
tofore sufficiently discussed, that same bill sub-
stantially was submitted to a joint committee
, of the two Houses of Congress, consisting of
ten members, again fully considered, and again
agreed to by a two-thirds majority of that com-
mittee, all concluding that the provisions of
the bill were within the constitutional power
of Congress, and the chairman of the com-
mittee was directed to report it to a caucus
of the Republican party of each House, to be
called for that purpose.
At a caucus, wherein eighty-four Republican
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 29,
members were present, there being but little
over a hundred such members in town, that
bill was reported and considered, section by
section, and explained and debated for nearly
three hours. Whereupon the caucus ordered
the bill to be reported to the House and pressed
for passage, and that order is certified in words
following, that is to say:
That the report be accepted and adopted as the
sense of this convention and that the committee be
instructed to introduce it in the House of lioprcsent-
atives and press it to its passage.
Eighty-four members present.
A true copy:
AUSTIN BLAIll, Chairman.
After this statement in regard to the bill pre-
pared in the manner above stated who shall
dare say that it has not been approved by a
majority of the Republicans of this House ?
Certainly it was open to no objection in
regard to its constitutionality or stringency that
does not with equal force apply to the bill
under discussion. As a matter of constitutional
law there is no escaping the proposition, that
if Congress has a right to declare a conspiracy
to deprive a citizen of the United States of the
rights guarantied to him by the Constitution
and laws within the limits of a State, for doing
of an act which is an offense, a crime against
the United States, it is equally constitutional
to declare an act done by one man with like
intent and purpose a crime where the State
denies equal protection of the laws to the
citizen.
But, for one, I am quite content to take the
bill before the House, because the recent devel-
opments of lawlessness and crime show an
extent of organization, a fixedness of pur-
pose, and a ruthlessness in execution of that
purpose which demonstrate that the ordinary
machinery of judicial tribunals is entirely inad-
equate to meet the great emergency which has
arisen and erected itself into incipient war,
even under the stringent provisions of the bill
which I have been discussing—and which for
shortness of designation I beg leave hereafter
to refer to as my bill, although it is the bill
of two Republican committees. Nothing but
the strong arm of military power will put down
military organizations such as the evidence
discloses now exist in the South. True, in my
bill I had enforced the judicial power by pro-
visions drawn from the fugitive slave law, which
caused some well-meaning Republicans to
declare they could not vote for that provision
of the bill. Let me tell them, however, that
the Republicans voted for every substantial
provision I have drawn from the fugitive slave
law in the enforcement bill of the fifteenth
amendment, reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the last House, passed May 31, 1870.
The difference is, only they apparently did not
know it when they voted for it, while when my
bill was before the House I was frank enough
to tell them the origin of its provisions which
seem so distasteful to them.
For myself, I cannot see why stringent pro-
visions, declared to be constitutional by thg
courts, framed by the Democracy, to take away
the liberty of the slave negro, should not be
used to save the lives of free citizens, any
more than John Wesley, when he eet some
of his stirring hymns to dancing-tunes, could
see why the devil should have all the good
tunes.
The question, however, returns to us, has
the exigency arisen when it becomes the duty
of Congress to place at the discretion of the
President the military power of the United
States to suppress armed lawlessness, insur-
rection, or rebellions?
To enlighten ourselves upon this topic, let
us recur to the state of things which existed
in 1794, after the Congress of that day placed
in the hands of the President such power, and
he exercised it by marching an organized army
of fifteen thousand men into the four counties
of western Pennsylvania. I quote now the
message of George Washington, in which he
explains his action in that behalf, and sets
forth the facts to meet which the power was
granted and exercised:
"In the four western counties of Pennsylvania a
prejudice, fostered and embittered by the artifiee of
men who labored for an ascendency over the will of
others, by the guidance of their passions, produced
symptoms of riot and violence." * * * . *
" Legal procoss was therefore delivered to the mar--
shal against the rioters and delinquent distillers. No
sooner was ho understood to beengaged in this duty
than the vengeance of armed men was aimod at
his person, and the person and property of the in-
spector of the revenue. They fired upon the marshal,
arrested him, and detained him for some time as a
prisoner. Hewasobliged.bythejeopardy of bis life,
to renounce the service of other process on the west
side of the Alleghany mountains; and a deputation
was afterward sent to Mm to demand a surrender
of that which ho had served. A numerous body re-
peatedly attacked the house of the inspector, seized
his papers of office, and finally destroyed by fire his
buildings and whatsoever they contained. Both of
these officers, from a just regard to their safety, fled
to the seat of Government; it being avowed that the
motives of such outrages were to compel the resig-
nation of tho inspector, to withstand byforceof arms
the authority of the United States, and thereby to
extort a repeal of the laws of excise and an altera-
tion of the eonductof Government. Upon the testi-
mony of these facts an associate justice of the
Supreme Court of tho United States notified to me
that'in the counties of Washington and Alleghany,
in Pennsylvania, laws of the United States wero op-
posed, and the execution thereof obstructed, by
combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the
ordinary course of judicial proceedings, or. by the
powers vested in the marshal of that district.' On
this call, momentous in tho extreme, I sought and
weighed what might best subdue the crisis."
The House will observe that the message
states that in the four western counties only
of Pennsylvania, as we all know, then very
sparsely settled, "the prejudices fostered and
imbittered by the artifices of men had pro-
duced riots and symptoms of violence that
legal process had been delivered to a marshal
to serve; that the vengeance of armed men
was aimed at his person and at the person and
property of the inspector of the revenue ; that
they fired at the marshal, arrested and detained
him for some time as a prisoner, and he was
obliged at the jeopardy of his life to renounce
the service of other process on the west side
of the Alleghany mountains, and a deputation
afterward demanded the surrender of the pro-
cess which he had served, and that a numer-
ous body had attacked the inspector and seized
the papers of his office and finally destroyed
by fire his buildings, and the inspector and
marshal had fled to the seat of Government in
just regard of their safety, and that the motives
of such outrages were " to compel the resigna-
tion of the inspector" and to withstand by
force of arms the authority of the United
States. Upon these facts a judge had certified
to the President that in two counties in the
State of Pennsylvania only there were "com-
binations too powerful to be put down by
ordinary judicial proceedings." All the rest
of the United States were profoundly at peace.
How exactly every one of these facts is true
now in the case of Colonel Huggins in Missis-
sippi, if we take no other. He was seized by
armed men. His person was outraged. Not
only did he not flee for safety, but he was beaten
until he promised never to return to execute
the laws; and the motive was that the people
of that community had determined not to allow
the collection of United States taxes. After
he left, the Ku Klux published in a newspaper
a proclamation, drawn after the form of a mili-
tary order, that, if he returned, he would suffer
death ; and if any militia of the United States
were sent against them, it would only be to
"enrich the soil " with their corpses. If we
stop there, the same case has now arisen in
which the Congress of the United States clothed
George Washington with power, and he exer-
cised it, "to march an army of fifteen thou-
sand men." But we superadd to this, that in
another State in the Union the whole body of
the laws are overturned; in another State the
mail agents of the United States are killed; in
another the agent's life is attacked, until the
postal laws can no longer be enforced ; in
another State a band of forty thousand armed
men, organized in military array, have set at
defiance the laws and overturned the State
