212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Johnston.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
county whom you believe to be members of the Ku
Klux organizition were confederate soldiers ?
"Answer. Well, the larger number of them were
confederate soldiers, and there is something a little
strange about that; there are men who belong to
that order now that during the war were hunted up
in the woods as deserters from the confederate army,
and were actually punished as deserters."
On page 64 of the report Joel Asheworth
tells who these people were. He says:
"It is very hard to know whom to put confidence
in. I know a great many men wbo laid out during
the war. who were whipped, kicked, and handcuffed
by the rebels during the war, who are now among
the ICu Klux, and voted for the men that abused
them so badly."
So that we have the testimony of these wit-
nesses that this organization was composed
of these deserters, the skulking cowards who
would fight on neither side while the war was
going on, who neither supported the flag of the
Union nor the flag of the confederacy, but laid
in the woods and plundered the people, and
then acquired the habit of plunder, outrage,
and lawlessness which they have pursued and
continued to pursue to this day; that it was
not composed of confederate soldiers, those
brave men who for four years endured as many
hardships, suffered as many privations, and
displayed as much valor as was ever displayed
by any soldiers who ever stood in battle array.
They are not the men who compose this organ-
ization, but it is that class spoken of by Ashe-
worth and Harden that I have no doubt con-
stitutes the majority of the parties who commit
these alleged outrages.
Robert W. Logan was a witness cited by the
Senator from Ohio, and lot us see whether he
knows anything on the subject, and whether he
is testifying to any fact within his own knowl-
edge. He says:
" As I came through the county on my way here
they told mo"—
He does not speak of anything that heknew
himself, but "as 1 came through the county
they told me." Who told him? How did the
people who told him know it? Did they get
it, from somebody who got it from somebody
else, who got it still from somebody else? How
many channels did all this information Alter
through?
"They told mo thero had not been anight since
just before Ohristmas but what thoy had boon soon
riding, and that they had boon committing dopreda-
tions nearly every night."
Then on the next page ho speaks of another
outrage, " as he understood." He was told so ;
somebody told him about it. He did not see it.
Nobody who saw ittold him; but it was a rumor
in the country ; ho heard it; and that was all.
Then (he evidence, or the testimony (for it
was not evidence) of Judge Settle, who is a
judge of the supreme court of the State of
North Carolina, is on that account very much
relied upon. I wish to advertbriefly to his testi-
mony. He says it is about eighteen monthssinoe
any outrages were committed in his county.
Let us see what his means of information were.
He says:
"Somo seventy or eighty men gathered around at
tho trial and made such a disturbance that tho magis-
trates were very glad, as thoy told mo, to mako a
compromise to keep the man safo. This I learned
from a county officer."
He is professing to state a fact, and instead
of stating what he saw himself he says, " this
I learned from a county officer and he tells
what the magistrates told him. Why, sir, any
Senator oa this floor, sitting as a judge or
appearing as counsel, would not permit such
a thing as that to be heard, much less to bo
received and made the basis of the verdict of
a jury. All of that would be excluded. On
page 8G Judge Settle goes even a little further
than that, for, in speaking about particular
facts, he says :
"Tho information came to mo from the husband
and other negroes."
He is_ speaking of an outrage, and he says he
got the information from the husband and other
negroes. That is his source of information.
He comes before the committee and states the
fact that such an outrage was committed,
and when asked how he knew it, said, "I got
it from the husband and other negroes."
That is his information. That is the basis upon
which we are asked to believe the statement.
He also makes another statement, and when
asked how he obtained that, he says Judge
lieade informed him of the fact.
Judge Rnssel is also relied upon as a witness.
In his cross-examination by Mr. Blair he is
asked this question:
"You do not profess to speak of these outrages
of your own knowledge at all, only from general
opinion?
"Answer. No, sir; I have seen none ofthem com-
mitted."
This witness, when asked directly the ques-
tion whether he speaks of these matters from
his own knowledge, says :
"No,sir; I have seen none of them committed; I
speak from general information only."
Further on he is asked :
"You have spoken of an occurrence in Fayette-
ville—a man by tho narao of ltaiford, who was beaten
or injured; you do not speak of your own knowl-
edge at all.
Answer. No,sir; Xhave no doubtof thefact; it is
merely upon information; I did not see the man at
all?"
Ho says he has no doubt about thefact; and
yet he did not see the man at all, and merely
speaks from information.
Henry C. Lashlee, another witness much
relied upon, is asked :
" Of what other casos have you knowlodge ?
"Annwer. Nonotliat I havosoenwith my own oye3.
X havonevor soon ono in disguise; but X can tell you
what is the genera! report."
He is introduced to prove the existence of
Ku Klux Klans, and yet lie admits that he
has never see one in disguise, and only speaks
from general report.
Then, to show how the witness contradicts
himself, on the next page he states that he is
deputy sheriff, that he attended a sale ten or
twelve miles from his house, that when he went
away from there some sixty or seventy men
surrounded him and made an attack upon
him, and that "Dr. Ben. Williams was in
front." After saying that Dr. Ben. Williams
was in front, he says, " I did not know any of
the men." He says none of them were dis-
guised, that it was broad daylight; and yet
after testifying that he did not know any of the
men, he testifies that they were every one Dem-
ocrats. Here was a party of sixty or seventy
men, and he Openly acknowledged that he did
not know one of those men, and yet he says
that every one ofthem was a Democrat. That
is a specimen of the evidence upon which we
arc asked to convict the grand old State of
North Carolina of sustaining and fostering
these alleged outrages.
Now, sir, there is a certain person who has
figured very considerably in all this matter,
one Joseph W. Holden, son of the disgraced
Governor of North Carolina, and a very active
and prominent man. I wish to call attention
for a moment to his testimony ; and here let
me read what he says is a portion of the oath
taken by the Ku Klux Klan :
" A portion ot the oaths taken by the members of
these organizations requires perjury on tho witness-
stand and in tho jury-box ; and from the way in
which our juries have been called in our State ithas
been impossible to secure convictions in the cases of
thoso men. If the shorilfis a member of the Klan,
or if the county commissioners, who form the jury,
aro members of tbo Klan, the jury will be more or
less impregnated with mombers of this Klan. And
a part of the oath of these persons is, if there is an
important trial going ou, to hang around the sheriff
m tho court-house, so that they may bo summoned
and placed on the jury."
I should like to know what sort of an oath
that was. I should like to see a man stepping
up and saying, ''I do solemnly swear in the
presence of Almighty God that I will hang
around the court-house in order to be sum-
moned upon a jury to try a particular case."
This witness says that is the oath these men
take. Can anybody believe that ? Is it not
incredible, ridiculous, that any people would
take such an oath as that?
Again, we have his testimony as to how he
gets his information. He says:
" I have received a letter from my father, stating
that information had been received that the Ku
Klpx Klan was still riding in Guilford and Ala-
mance counties."
Ho is testifying, and when asked the source
'of his information he says that he got a letter
from his father, and that letter states that it
speaks from information, not what the Gov-
ernor knew himself, but that he had received
information here, there, and everywhere, and
communicates it to his son, and his son comes
before this committee and swears to it.
Now, Mr. President, a long list of crimes,
outrages, whippings, scourgings, robberies, and
murders, has been read as having been perpe-
trated in the counties of Lincoln and Alamance,
and upon looking at this testimony you will
find how all that comes, and what it rests upon.
On page 54 of the report, Governor Holden
writes to the President and says this:
" The accompanying lists of outrages committed in
Alamance and Linooln counties are full up to date."
These are the lists that have been so much
read and so much commented upon. They
come from Governor Holden to the President,
and then President Grant sends us in Governor
Holden's letter. Governor Holden states how
he got the information, and when we come to
examine it we find that it is based upon anony-
mous letters. On page 63 we find one of these
letters :
"Dear Sir: According to your request, we senil
you tlie below list of names of persons that have
been maltreated in Lincoln county."
Then follows a list.
"For the sake of my family please not mention
my name in this matter."
There is an anonymous letter, signed by
nobody—we do not know who Wrote it—sent
to Governor Holden. Governor Holden com-
municates it to the President, the President
communicates it to Congress, and that anony-
mous letter is the basis of these two long lists
of alleged outrages.
On page 50 of the testimony we have the
statement of Samuel Allen. I have no doubt
that he wrote out the opening part of his tes-
timony before he went there, judging from the
way it reads. He says:
"Tho night coming on has been to us there like
judgment; there is no mistake about that. And tho
application has been made to me, ns one of the most
intelligent of them, as the only guide and light they
have had theie, 'What shall we do? Where is tho
Ptesidcnt? Where is the Governor? Why don't
they manage such things? Can't we have nny protec-
tion? Wo have only dug our graves and made our
coffins by the course we have pursued.'"
This witness, who declares that he was the
only guide and light of the colored people
there, that be was tue most intelligent of them,
admits that if things went wrong they them-
selves are responsible for it; they have dug
their own graves by the course they pursued,
and if they were not outraged their own con-
duct had provoked it. On the next page, page
51, we have a specimen of the sort of evidence
relied upon in this case, for he says:
" Mrs. Owens, at tho time she told my wife to tell
me to tell Mr, Stephens that they were going to kill
me, she said that was the language they used."
There we have him testifying that his wife
told him that Mrs. Owens told his wife to tell
him to tell Mr. Stephens something. This in-
formation goes through all these various chan-
nels, and he testifies to it as a fact. Mr. Pres-
ident, whea I see learned lawyers and grave
Senators proposing to base legislation u{>on
such testimony as this, I really am astonished ;
I am profoundly astonished; I am sincerely
astonished! When they propose to disregard
and discard all the rules of evidence that have
