1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
not get out of the way and let as pass it? Why
filibuster to prevent enactment of this, or, as
they declare, a worse one from being offered ?
We believe, on the contrary, that an indig-
nant people ought to hurl us from oar seats,
and that the Republican party ought to be dis-
banded, if we are not strong enough to protect
the on 7 people in the South who were our
friends luring the war, save the soldiers that
we sent to destroy the rebellion. No ; every
act of opposition shows that their leaders well
understand that with peace, quiet, and ob-
servance of the laws in the South comes the
end of the Democratic party there; and hence
their determined and almost frantically furious
opposition to any law which shall secure that
consummation.
Again, tbey exultingly tell us that the Re-
publican party is weak and divided ; that our
power is waning; and that the Democrats will
carry the country in the next presidential elec-
tion, because of our many divisions and dis-
sensions. Let them not "lay that flatter-
ing unction to their souls." The Republican
Administration stands stronger to-day in its
majority of members of this House than any
other Administration at the beginning of its
second Congress since Jackson's.
The present Democracy never will learn from
the teachings of history. They do not seem to
understand that every Administration, having
disposed of its offices, having disappointed
many of its adherents, having the responsibil-
ities of affairs on its hands, always seems com-
paratively weak at the beginning of the third
year of its power.
The Republican party is still strong in the
affections and confidence of the people. When
the time comes our ranks will be serried, our
columns closed up. To borrow a simile from
a profession into which I was thrust for four
years by the exigencies of public service, let
me say to the Democracy that as yet, during
this Administration, the Republican bugle has
only sounded the "stable-call" to groom the
horses and clean the stalls, that we have been
trying to discipline our camp-followers to
brighten the harness and polish the guns;
not the most pleasant of duties. But when
our bugle sounds "boots and saddles" every
Republican will mount ready for the fray, and
each squadron will gallop into column eager
to meet their old foes. When the trumpet
rings out "Charge!" we shall dash forward as
one man to the music of the good old tune of—
"John Brown's body lies moldering in the ground,
But his soul is marching on."
And the dismayed and discomfited allied army
of the Democracy, rebels, and Ku Klux Klans
will again go down before us as of yore did the
hordes of the Saracens before the onslaught of
the knights of Richard the Lion Hearted.
Mr. SLATER asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to print in the Globe some
remarkson the pending bill. [See Appendix. ]
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, we have just been
listening to an extraordinary speech. It con-
sisted of a philippic against the South, and a
good deal of exaggeration about southern out-
rages. There was also a good deal of gratuit-
ous advice given to the Democratic party.
We did not ask for it. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is the chartered
libertine of debate in this House. He lias in-
dulged to-day, malice-prepense, in an inflam-
matory harangue against violence, and yet
he is the most violent man in this House. He
has given us a speech in which there is not a
single glimpse of benevolence to irradiate the
gloom of its vindictive invective. He has, in
his close, defended his party. It needs it.
His ability as a lawyer might have made this
debate interesting. But he only opened a door
for a most undisciplined rabble of unproven
statements and rumors. He appears here as the
oracle of persecuted virtue, and yet he would
inflame every heart with his own vengeance.
He has already issued a "polluted philippic"
against this side, charging u3 with murder and
what not. Now he hurls the same at the heads
of half the nation.
If this bill be, as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] says, outside the Constitution,
it is a provision for pillage and massacre; but
they are disguised by the solemnities of law.
That excites in in the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts no compunction, but the wild con-
duct of an oppressed people gives him undis-
guised horror. He should remember that when
our laws are violative of the Constitution they
lead to rapine and murder, and no less but
more heinous is the crime when done under
the guise of law. He forgets what Mackintosh
has said, (p. 429:)
"The massacres of war and the murders committed
by the sword of justice are disguised by the solem-
nities which invest them; but the wild justice of the
people has a naked and undisguised horror. Its
slightest motion awakens all our indignation, while
murder and rapine, if arrayed in the gorgeous dis-
guise of acts of state, may with impunity stalk
abroad. We forgot that the evils of anarchy must
be short-lived, while those of despotism are fatally
permanent."
Mr. Speaker, a Scotch chancellor once said:
"By our law in Scotland we clepe him an incend-
iary who kindleth tho coals of contention and raiseth
differences in the State to the public damage. lie
is lanqunm publicus hostia patrice,"
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] comes under this category. He is
full of contentions. He is an enemy of the
State. He kindleth coals of discontent. I
know no one so thoroughly guilty as a public
enemy.
He asked, Mr. Speaker, for one hour to
have control of the executive department and
of the Army and Navy. What for? To help the
right and put down the wrong? Oh i The
American people may have fallen from step
to step into a large and gaping abyss in their
politics, but they have not yet fallen to that
lower abyss when the responsible powers of
the Executive will ever be confided to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
He would like to lead an army of merce-
naries, demagogues, and fanatics against the
southern people. As the Speaker once said,
the gentleman was in the fore front of the
worst wing of secession. I do not know but
that if he went out with such an army he would
do as they are now doing in France, fraternize
with those against whom he marched out to
fight. [Laughter.]
He hurls his philippics, based upon thousand-
tongued rumor, against better men than him-
self. He hurls them against men like Senator
Davis, of Kentucky, and, in defiance of the
rules of the House, abuses him not only for his
age, but for something else. We all under-
stand the motives of that abuse from the gen-
tleman.
If this bill be, as the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] characterized it, a bill out-
side of the Constitution 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, (in his seat.) I
did not say that.
Mr. COX. In the respect I consider it, you
did. If it be a bill to give martial-law illegally,
if it be a bill to suspend the habeas corpus, then
it is outside of the Constitution. Being so,
it leads to massacre and murder. If the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts wishes to know the
difference between minor and major outrages,
as he intimated, he will find that the outrage
of the Ku KInx are the minor while the out
rage of this bill is the major. I refer him to
the quotation I have already made from Mack-
intosh for the guilt he assumes.
But, Mr. Speaker, I dismiss the speech of
the gentleman with all its malice. 1 come to
this bill. Force is the antithesis of freedom.
This bill is a bill of force; therefore it is in
restraint of liberty. It goes deeper than the
surface of our politics. It is not a matter for
levity or haste. It involves the "science of
history." Would that the author of that phrase,
the illustrious Buckle, had lived to illustrate
his views of human progress by the examina-
tion of these new phases of our history. In
his view, all bills like this are the great ene-
mies of civilization. They are framed in what
he calls the protective spirit; or "the notion
that society cannot prosper without at every
turn being watched by the State."
In the light of general laws and phenomena
such as Buckle expounded, we might perceive
in these very proposals of force the steps by
which our nation is moving down from its
high estate. This legislation disregards the
municipal spirit. That spirit has been the
chief energy of national progress, not alone
with us, but with all prosperous nations. This
legislation is the result of a servile respect for
the ruler, which is ever a sign of decay. When
a people is accustomed to have things done
for them and in spite of them, and do not do
them for themselves, their liberty is on the
wane and their hopes of permanent splendor
are bedimmed.
Sir, I believe in the regular and undeviating
phenomena and laws of history. Upon them
the fate of nations hangs. They are not to be
frustrated by man, nor does God disturb them
by special providences. He who believes that
such a law as this is the offspring of light and
liberty must believe in the "draff and offal of
a bygone age," when force and chance were
accounted the producers of events, and when
barbarism was the consequent condition of man.
This bill is a sign not only of social demoral-
ization but of bad administration. As intel-
lectual life is the death of the war-spirit, so to
the blank waste of mind the only resource is
coercing or killing. The authority of thought
has over such a debased mind no dominion.
From this debasement, a nation, however grand
its past, must struggle up through trade, com-
merce, law, diplomacy, literature, and science,
to that higher plane where mere military heroes,
like the American President, have no place in
life and no niche after death.
In other words, a nation which can ignore
all its own traditions of liberty, civism, and
progress, to creep at the foot of a mere soldier,
has begun the retreat to the dark ages of
iniprogressivetiess.^
It was only the other day that this Congress
voted, with the consent of both parties, full
and candid investigation into the allegations
of discontent in the South. A few days lapse,
and lo 1 it cringes before a message brought
here by an aid-de-eamp, and which gives
no 11 information of the state of the Union."
I knew then that we were humiliated. But
when I saw it hasten to do the bidding of the
unthinking'soldier, on the gesture of his hand
toward the hilt, I felt we had much to do to
attain the intellectual and moral elevation
which in other days was our pride. I felt that
there was to be a long and perhaps a sanguin-
ary struggle, before we could arise even to the
level of contempt from the advanced intellect
of our time.
the bill a partisan movement.
What can be the motive for this retrogression
in our politics? I would it were not so, but
there is reason to believe that it is the interest
of the political party in power to give loud
voice to rumor, and exaggerate even the truth,
about the discontent in the South. I have not
heard, however, as yet any of the other side
so devoted to his party as the French deputy
during the fierce struggles of 1792, of which
M. Thiers tells a story in his history. A prop-
osition was made to appoint a dictator. It
was at a time when Marat and Robespierre
were thundering their red Evangel in club and
assembly. Rumor then, as now, spoke a
thousand tongues as to assassinations. It was
necessary in order to aid a rising party, as
here to save a falling one, to find facts as well
as foment fictions. The clubs were aroused
to the work. Turbulence was begotten in
order to be charged on the opposite party.
It was at this time that one of the deputies,
Grangeneuve, agreed with another member to
commit suicide in the purlieus of the palace
to disseminate calumny against the court. I
have seen no such individual example here
