1871.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.:
215
42b Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Johnston,
Senate.
dition of thing's now as it was then. As it is
much better than anything I could say, I will
lake the liberty of reading part of what he said
on that occasion:
*" Eir&t, sir. permit me to observe, that the uso of
force alone is but temporary. It may subdue for a
moment, but it does not remove the necessity of
subduing again, and a nation is not governed, which
iy perpetually to be conquered." * * * *
" In this situation let us seriously and coolly pon-
der. Vfhatis itwo liavegot byall our menaces, which
have been many and fcrocious? What advantage
have we derived from the ponal laws we have passed,
and which, for the tunc, have been severe and num-
erous? \V'h:i.; advances have we made toward our
object, by the sending of a force which, by land and
sea, is no contemptible strength? lias the disorder
abated? Nothing less. When I see things in this
situation, after such confident hopes, bold promises,
and active exertions, I cannot, for my life, avoid a
suspicion that the plan itself is not correctly right."
Further on he said :
" Wales, within itself, was in perpetual disorder;
and it kept the frontier of England in perpetual alarm.
Benefits from it to the State there were none. Wales
was only known to England by incursion and inva-
sion.
"Sir, during that state of things Parliament was
not idle. They attempted to subdue the fierce
spirit of the Welch by all sorts of rigorous laws. They
prohibited, by statute, the sending all sorts of arms
into Wales, as you prohibit by proclamation (with
.something mure of doubt on the legality) the send-
ing arms to America. They disarmed the Welsh by
Statute, as you attempted (but with still more ques-
tion on the legality) to disarm New England by an
instruction. Thev made an act to drag offenders
from Wales into England for trial, as you have done,
but with more hardship, with regard to America.
By another act, wheie one of the parties was an
Englishman, they ordained that his trial should be
always by English. They made acts to restrain
trade, as you do; and they prevented the Welsh
from the use of fairs and markets, as you do the
Americans fromlisheries and foreign ports. In short,
when the statute-book was notquitesomuchswelled
as it is now, you find no le&s than fifteen acts of penal
regulation on the subject of Wales.
"llerewe rub our hands—a line body of prece-
dents for the authority of Parliamentand theuse of
itl 1 admit it fully; and pray add likewise to those
precedents that all the while Wales rid this king-
domlike an incubus; that it was an unprofitable
and oppressive burden; and that an Englishman
traveling in that country could not go six yards
from the high-road without being murdered,
"The inarch of the human mind is slow. Sir, it
was not, until after two hundred years, discovered
that, by an eternal law. Providence had decreed vex-
ation to violence, and property to rapine. Your
ancestors did, however, at length open their eyes to
the ill-husbandry of injustice. They found that the
tyranny of a free people could of all tyrannies the
least be endured, and that laws made against a
whole nation were not the most effectual methods
for securing its obedience. Accordingly, in the
twenty-seventh year ol Henry VIII, the course was
entirely altered. With a preamble stating the en-
tire and perfect rights of the crown of England, it
gave to the Welsh all the rights and privileges of
English subjects. A political orderwas established;
thcmilltary power gateway to theeivii; themarelies
were turned into counties. But that n nation should
have a right to English liberties, and yet no share
at all in the fundamental security ot these liberties,
the grant of their own property, seemed a thing so
incongruous, that eight years after, that is, in the
thirty-fifth year ot that roign, a complete and not
ill-proportioned representation by counties and bor-
oughs was bestowed upon Wales by act of Parlia-
ment. Erom that moment, as by a charm, the
tumult subsided; obedience was restored; pcacc,
order, and civilization followed in the train of lib-
erty. When the day-star of the English constitution
had arisen in their hearts, all was harmony within
and without.''
There is the example for us to pursue in
regard to the South. Mr. President, this bill
is not in the line of the legislation pursued by
England toward Wales, but it is exactly in
the line pursued all the time toward Ireland.
Penal statute after penal statute has been
passed year after year against the Ii ish people,
atld the result has been uniformly the same;
and yet the Biitish Parliament has continued
for generation after generation in that same
course toward Ireland, and we now propose
to continue it here toward the South.
Mr. President, I propose now to refer very
briefly to some of the features of the bill in
detail. I do not intend to detain the Senate
much longer.
The Senator from Vermont said that there
would be no objection to the first section of
the bill. That section, in my view, has only
the slight objection of being unconstitutional.
That may be no objection to that Senator, but
I think it ought to be to the Senate. It pro-
poses to give rights of action to parties in the
Federal courts; that is, to permit people to
sue in the courts of the United States. Now,
sir, the judicial power of the United States is
defined in the Constitution. Neither this bill
nor any other bill can give any judicial power
to the Federal courts, except as it is derived
from the Constitution. You must go there to
find what judicial power Congress can confer
on any court of the United States. The first
section of the bill grants rights of action in the
Federal courts between citizens of the same
State. They may live in the same county, even
in the same house, and yet under this section
they are to have a right of action one against
the other. The third article of the Constitu-
tion of the United States provides that—
"The judicial power [of the United States] shall
extend to all cases, in law and equity, arising under
this Constitution, the laws of the United States, aud
treaties made, or which shall be made, under their
authority; to all case-! affecting einbassadois. other
public ministers, and consuls; to all cases of admi-
ralty and mantimo jurisdiction ; to controversies to
which the United States shall be a party; to contro-
versies between twoormore States; between aStato
and citizens of another State; between citizens of
different States, between citizens of the same State
Maiming lands under grants of dillerent States, and
between a State, or the citizens thereof, and a for-
eign State, citizens or subjects."
The only two cases in which the courts of
the United States have jurisdiction between
citizens is where they are citizens of different
States or citizens of the same State claiming
landundergrantsfrom different States. There-
fore, under the Constitution, any citizen who
sues another in the Federal courts must' sue
in one of these two categories: he must either
bring his suit against a citizen of another State,
or he must bring his suit against a citizen of
the same State claiming land under different
States. Only in those two cases can citizens
sue each other in the United States courts
under the Constitution of the United States.
And yet this section of the bill proposes to
allow citizens of the same State, or of the same
county, to sue oue another in the courts of the
United States. Suppose a suit of that sort
was brought, would not a plea to the jurisdic-
tion lie? If I were sued in the United States
courts in Virginia under this act, might I not
plead to the plaintiff, "You are a citizen of
Virginia; you are not a citizen of another
State; and therefore this court has no juris-
diction?" Could there be any answer to thifl
plea? Would not the court be obliged to hold
that under the Constitution it had not juris-
diction to sustain that suit? And yet the first
section of the bill undertakes to give the courts
of the United States jurisdiction to try cases
of that sort between citizens o!' the same State.
I hold that to be plainly unconstitutional.
The second section constitutes a now crime.
It makes two or more persons who conspire or
combine to do anything guilty of a lelo'iy,
punishable by fine or imprisonment not ex
deeding six years, whether those parties do
any overt act or not. If two men sit down in
their ro®m and agree to do any unlawful act,
and never do it, they aie made felons by this
section. Suppose a suit is pending in the
United States courts, and a certain man is an
impoitant witness in the ease, and two other
persons conspire together to keep that witness
away from the court, but they do not do it;
the witness goes on and testifies, the case is
tritd. no harm results, nothing is done, nobody
is hurt; and yet under this section those two
men may be indicted and convicted of a felony.
The third section is also in direct violation
of the Constitution. That section authorizes
the President in all cases where insurrection,
domestic violence, or unlawful combinations
and conspiracies deprive any portion or class
of people of rights, privileges, or,protection
given by the Constitution, or obstruct, the due
course of justice, to declare that to be a rebel -
lion against the United States, and then the
President may call out the land and naval
forces and the militia. Looking at the Constitu-
tion, it will be found that the authority given to
the Presidjjnt in that respect is plainly defined
and limited. ' The eighth section of the first
article, clause fifteen, provides that Congress
shall have power—
"To provide for calling forth the militia to exccute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions."
The fourth section of the fourth article de-
clares that—
*' The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union arepublicart form of government, and
shall protect each of them a,gainst invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened) against
domestic violence."
Those two clauses cover the authority of Con-
gress to act in this matter. One is a power to
provide for calling forth the militia; the other
is to guaranty to each State a republican form
of government, and on the application of the
Legislature or of the Executive, to protect it
against domestic violence.
The framers of the Constitution rightly
thought that before this great power should be
exercised there should be some proper means
of ascertaining whether or not the necessity
existed, and there could be no means so good
in the eyes of the framers of the Constitution
as a call from the Legislature of a State, or,
if the Legislature was not in session and could
not be convened, from the Governor. They
were the authorities having control of the
domestic affairs of the State. They knew
what was going on. It was their duty to exe-
cute its laws, afnd they were the persons who
could know when an emergency arose for call-
ing upon the President for troops to repel in-
vasion or to suppress domestic violence; and
the Constitution has provided them as the
channel of information to the President for
that purpose.
But by this section of-the bill this constitu-
tional mode of getting the information is set
aside. It allows the President to do, what is
often done in this Hall, rely upon a telegram,
upon anonymous letters, upon newspaper re-
ports; and if somebody down South has writ-
ten a letter to the President saying that a state
of domestic violence exists there, he may then
send his troops there. Is not this giving to
the President a power unheard of before ? Is
not this making him the sole judge, not pre-
scribing any means by which he shall arrive at
this state of facts, not constituting any channel
through \vhieh he is to get the intormation,
but allowing him to pick it out here and there
and anywhere as he pleases? It, seems to me
that that is vesting the President with unheard-
of power.
Then we have the fourth section, which pro-
vides for the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus. On this subject we have this provis-
ion m the Constitution :
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
01- invasion the public .safety may require it."
The Constitution confines the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus to cases of rebellion
or invasion ; and ii we suspend the writ of
habeas corpus in any case, except in case of
rebellion or invasion, we are violating the Con-
stitution. These are the only two cases. Out-
powers are limited to them. A rebellion or
an invasion must, exist to justify i he temporary
destruction of the great writ. Then, and then
onlv, can the writ ol habeas Corpus be sus-
pended. But this fourth section authorizes
a suspension of the habeas corpus m a great
many moie cases than that ot rebellion. It
sayo;
That whonevei in any State or part of a State
the unlawful combinations named in the preceding
