APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GvLOBE.
[April 13,
SSXATE.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
t action of this nettftl 1 be organized and armed, and
i numerous and powerful as to be able, by violence,
to cither overthrow or sot at defiance the constituted
authorities of such State, and of the United States
■within such State, or when the constituted authori-
ties are in complicity with, or shall connive at the
unlawful purposes of, such powerful and armed com-
binations ; and whenever, by reason of oither or ail
of the causes aforesaid, theeonviction of such offend-
ers and the preservation of the public safety shall
becomo in such district impracticable, in every such
case sueli combinations shall be deemed a rebellion
against the Government of the United States, and
during the continuance of such rebellion, and within
the limits of tlio district which shall be so under the
tway thereof, such limits to be prescribed by procla-
mation, it shall be lawful for tho President of the
United States, when in hisjudgmentthepublicsafety
Shall require it, to suspend tho writ of habeav corpus,
to tho end that such rebellion may he overthrown.
Now, if we look at the definition of the
word " rebellion," we find it to be " an open
and avowed renunciation of the authority ol'
the Government to which one owes allegiance,
or the taking of arms traitorously to resist the
authority of the lawful Government." Then
if the emergency is not an open and avowed
renunciation of the authority of the Govern
ment to which the people owe allegiance, or
the taking of arms traitorously to resist the
authority of tlie lawful Government, it is not
rebellion.
I)o these causes appear in any of these
States? Can you call something else by the
name of rebellion, and then justify this clause
of the bill upon that? Before this clause can
be inserted, authorizing a suspension of the
habeas corpus, there must exist not only some-
thing which you call rebellion, but actual
rebellion. If you pass a law saying that cer-
tain things which are not themselves rebellion
shall nevertheless be construed rebellion, and
tun homing tho suspension of the writ of habeas
carpus, do you thereby get rid of the force
of the constitutional provision in that respect I
Suppose a thief resists the execution of the
Kw, and when the otlicer comes pulls out his
j'isiol and refuses to be anested, and his com-
mutes a,-••semble and the police gather and there
i,, a rout; that is a resistance to the law, but it
is not rebellion. It, is not an attempt to subvert
the Government, to overthrow its fund ions,
but, it is only a resistance, in that particular
fi;''1, to the execution of that particular law, at
that particular time; and yet, under the terms
of this bill, it would come under the head of
rebellion ; and that state of things would jus
tifv the President in suspending the writ of
habeas corpus!
A rebellion must be where a formidable part
of the people deliberately rise up and declare,
" We will not live under this Government,; ws
will subvert it; wo will overthrow it and have
:> govern'Kent of our own, and put this Govern-
nn-.nt down." That is rebellion; but a resist-
ance to one law of the Government by one set
of people, for the puipose only of resisting its
< X'-eution at that particular time, on that pai-
ticular occasion, is not by any means a rebel-
lion. I insist, therefore, that for that reason
this clause of Ihtj bill is directly in violation
of the Constitution.
Mr. President, 1 have already occupied more
time than I intended, and i shall not detain
the Senate longer.
Dufom-mcnt ol' i'our{> rniii Amenilmctit.
SPEECH OF HON. A. G-. Til HUMAN,
or oiuo,
Ik tub Unitbd States Sexatk,
April 13, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration tho bill
(II. 11. No.320) 10 enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes—
Mr. THURMAN said:
_ Sir. PkesU)est: It is my purpose to con-
sider tbis bill as it is, not to misrepresent it;
not in a fault-finding spirit to seek for matter
to condemn, but, on the contrary, to look at
the bill as a measure which has passed one
House of Congress, which is recommended by
a majority of the Committee on the Judiciary,
and which has been strongly supported by a
large number of the members of the Senate;
and therefore is, in every respect, entitled to
careful and impartial consideration. Exam-
ining it in this spirit, I propose to take it up
section by section, because I am under some
apprehension that the scope of the bill and the
principles upon which it goes are not fully
comprehended by every Senator. In doing
this 1 shall have to beg Senators to be kind
enough not to interrupt me, for in the state
of my health this morning it will be difficult
for me to speak at all, and unless I shall have
the good fortune to command the uninterrupted
attention of the Senate I shall have to give up
the floor.
Mr. President, in the remarks I shall submit
on this bill I shall discuss it as it has been
ameuded by the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate, and I now ask the Secretary to read
the first section.
The Chief Clerk read the first section, as
follows:
That any person who, under color of any law,
statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of
any State, shall subject or cause to be subjected any
person within the jurisdiction of the United States
to the deprivation oi any rights, privileges, or im-
munities secured by the Constitution of the United
States, shall, any such law. statute, ordinance, reg-
ulation, custom, or usage of tho State to the contrary
notwithstanding, be liable to the party injured in any
action at law, suit in equity, or other proper pro-
ceeding for redress, such proceeding to bo proso-
cutedin tho several district, or circuit courts of tlie
j, United States, with and subject to the same lights
|| of appeal, roview upon error, and other remedies
i; provided in hkocases in suoh courts, under tho pro-
I J visions ot tho act of i)th of April, IStHi, entitled "An
ji actio protect all persons in tile t uitod States in
[■ their civil rights, and to furnish tho moans of their
II vindication," and the other remedial laws of tlie
II United states which are ill their nature applicable
!1 ill such cases.
jj Mr. TJ1ULJMAN. This section relates
wholly to civil suits. Itcreat.es no new cause of
j! action. Its whole effect is to give to the Fed-
1 era! Judiciary that which now does not belong
to it — ajurisdiction that may be constitution-
ally conferred upon it, 1 grant, but that has
never yet been conferred upon it. It author-
izes any person who is deprived of any right,
privilege, or immunity secured to him by tho
Constitution of the United States, to bring an
action against the wroug doer in the Federal
courts, and that without any 'limit whatsoever
as to the amount in controversy. The depri-
vation may be of the slightest conceivable char-
acter, the damages in the estimation of any
sensible man may not be live dollars or even
five cents; they may be what lawyers call
merely nominal damages; and yet by this
section jurisdiction of that civilaction is given
to the Federal courts instead of its being
prosecuted as now in the courts of the States.
1 am certainly not in favor of denying to
any man who is deprived unlawfully of his
right, his privilege, or his immunity, under the
Constitution of the United States, that redress
to which every man is entitled whose rights
are violated ; but I do think that it is a most
impolitic provision, that in eS'ect may transfer
the hearing of all such causes into the Federal
courts.
My objections to this section are briefly
these : I object to it, first, because of the cen-
tralizing tendency of transferring all mere
private suits, as well as the punishment of
offenses, from the State into the Federal
courts. I do not say that this section gives to
the Federal courts exclusive jurisdiction. I
do not suppose that it is so understood. It
leaves it, I presume, in the option of the per-
son who imagines himself to be injured to sue
in the State court or in the Federal court, an
option that he who has been the least injured,
but who has some malice to gratify, will be
the most likely to avail himself of.
In the next place, I object to it because it
is really, whatever may be said about it, a
disparagement of the State courts. This bill
embraces the whole United States; and to say
that every man who may be injured, however
slightly, in his rights, privileges, or immunities
as a citizen of the United States can go to the
Federal courts for redress is to say, in effect,
that the judiciary of the States is not worthy
of being trusted. I for one am unwilling to
say that. I certainly am unwilling to say it in
regard to my own State. Although the judges
of the highest court in Ohio are all politically
opposed to me, and although a large majority
of the judges of the inferior courts are in the
same manner opposed to me in political senti-
ment, 1 stand here this day to affirm that they
will give fair and impartial redress to any man
whose rights under the Constitution have been
violated by any one whomsoever. I am unwill-
ing to say to the people of Ohio that the Con-
gress of the United States thinks their judiciary
so unsafe or so unworthy of trust that the peo-
ple must seek for redress in the courts of the
United States.
In the next place, I am opposed to this trans-
fer of jurisdiction to the Federal courts because
of the expense and the inconvenience that must
attend it. In most of the States the Federal
courts are held in not more than two places;
there are very few in which they are held in
as many as three places. Let an action be
brought, therefore, in the Federal court, it
may be but for five dollars, and the defendant
may be dragged hundreds of miles, at great
expense, to attend to the defense of the suit,
and not he only, but also the witnesses who
may be necessary to make out his defense.
For these reasons it does seem to me that
this grant of jurisdiction to the Federal court's
to entertain these actions, without any limit
whatsoever as to the amount in controversy,
is impolitic and unwise.
My next objection to the section is its vague-
ness; and now I pray the attention of the
Senate to that. It provides'—
That any person who, uuder color of any law.
statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage of
any State, snail subject, or cause to be subjected,
any person withm tlie jurisdiction of the United
States to the deprivation of any rights, privileges,
til* immunities secured by the Constitution ol the
United States, shall, any such law, statute, ordin-
ance, regulation, custom, or usage of the State to
the contrary notwithstanding, bo liable to the party
injured m au actiou at law,
"Any person" who is Jeprivcd "of any
rights, privileges, or immunities secured by
the Constitution of the United States." What
is meant by that? What are the rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities that, in the opinion of
your committee, are secured by the Constitu-
tion of the United States? I take it that if
that is to be left to judicial decisions, as it is
here entirely, without any definition on our
part, there may be almost as many decisions
as there are judges of the Federal courts ; and
it will be a long time before the questions that
would arise under this section would reach the
Supreme Court of the United States and there
be definitely settled.
Are Senators on this floor all of the same
mind as to what are the rights, privileges, and
immunities of citizens or of persons secured by
the Constitution of the United States? What
is the opinion of the elder Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumxek] as shown by his sup-
plementary civil rights bill, which he has pressed
with so much earnestness upon the attention
of the Senate? If I understand the scope of
that bill, he holds it to be one of the rights,
privileges, and immunities of a citizen of the
Uuited States that, without regard to color, he
shall occupy in the hotels, in the public thea-
ters, in the concert-rooms, in the churches, and
in the schools of the county the most absolute
