1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
removed to the State having jurisdiction of
the crime."
There is but one exception to this para-
mount State power over fugitives and criminals.
There are "districts," like that of the District
of Columbia, and the Territories, Govern-
mentforts, and, I may add, the high seas, as to
which the Federal power to punish is supreme.
military powers under constitution.
"Where the State government is resisted, as
in the whisky insurrection and Dorr's rebellion,
or as in South Carolina as it is now alleged, so
jeajous of Federal encroachment is the Con-
stitution that it says (section four, article four)
that the State authority must first ask for aid.
The States are the sole judges, not Congress.'
Was this ever doubted till lately? What says
Story in his Commentaries onthe Constitution?
"It may not be amiss further to observe that every
pretext for intermeddling with the domestic eoncrns
of any State, under color of protecting it against
domestic violence, is taken away by that part of the
provision which renders an application from tho
Legislature or executive authority of the State
endangered necessary to be made to the General
Government before its interference can be at all
proper."
If this be true, then this legislation is, if any-
thing, an attempt to repeal an organic law by
a mode not prescribed in the instrument. So
greatly impressed was Washington with the
right of the people to make and alter their
constitutions of government that he made the
idea one of the most emphatic of his "fare-
well" thoughts. Let the established govern-
ment "be changed only by an explicit and
authentic act." No act of Congress can change
it, unless Congress is prepared to assume the
omnipotence of the British Parliament.
As if conscious of the foundation of stubble
on which this bill rests, its advocates preteud
that it has authority in some parts of the new
amendments. It is called a bill to enforce the
fourteenth amendment. The (irst and fifth sec-
tions are dragooned into service. They read
as follows:
" Suction 1. All persons bora or naturalized in the
United States, andsubjectto the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of tho United States and of the State
wherein they reside. No Stato shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immun-
ities of citizens of tho United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person of lifo, liberty, or property,
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of tile
laws."
"Sec. 5. Tho Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, tho provisions of this
article."
While professing to enforce this amendment,
the truth is, this bill does not apply to that
amendment at all. That amendment first de-
clares who are citizens; and then says no State
shall make any law which shall abridge their
privileges, deprive any person of life, &c.,
without due process, &c.
This bill does not refer to the action of States
at all, with whose actions alone the amend-
ment has relation. The truth is, no State has
any law abridging the privileges of citizens.
Mr. Hamilton, in No. 32 of the Federalist,
declares that the clause giving Congress power
to make all laws necessary and proper did not
confer any power on Congress. He said the
powers of Congress are specific powers, and
Congress cannot go beyond them. The four-
teenth amendment is prohibitory only on the
legislation of the States, and the fifth clause
of the amendment does not add to the power
of Congress. It cannot do anything in virtue
of that clause which it could not do without it.
This prohibition stands, then, on the same
footing of the other prohibitory clauses of the
Constitution. No State shall pass any law
violating contracts, make anything but gold
and silver legal tender, &c. Under none of
these has Congress legislated, except the one
which, of all others, I should have thought the
author of this bill [Mr. Shellabarger] would
not have quoted. I refer to the fugitive-slave
law, which he and his party have ever regarded
as unconstitutional. Without rearguing that
question, I may be allowed to express my won-
der that the law of 1850, engineered through
Congress by Mr. Jones and Mr. Mason, and
now believed to have been a wedge to split
the Union, should be quoted as the precedent
for us to follow now and.here. That law was
as obnoxious to the Republican party as it was
disastrous to the Democracy. The extremes
of discontent, Radical and secessionist, here
meet on this bill. The object of this legisla-
tion, as was alleged of that of 1850, is revo-
lutionary. The tyranny to be exercised under
the provisions of that act is nothing compared
to that which may be done under this. That
was occasional; this will be permanent and
universal. Then the power was lodged in the
courts; now it is in the Executive. He can
proclaim martial law, suspend habeas corpus,
and supersede the government. It is expected
he -will do it in the South, but he may do it in
tfie North as well, and he will put down both
if necessary.
The fourteenth amendment does not in a
single particular enlarge the jurisdiction of the
United States over crimes in the States, much
less authorize such arbitrary enactments. In-
deed, it recognizes, like the previous amend-
ments of 1789, the State relation as exclusive;
It is, like the previous amendments," restrict-
ive." The Constitution, in making all persons
equal before the law, forbids unequal discrim-
inations by the State laws; but there is no
warrant for the Federal Government to assume
jurisdiction of the crimes which belong to the
States alone. Crimes of whites against ne-
groes, and vice versa, shall be tried with equal
impartiality. If the States, or Congress either,
infract these new amendments, it is a question
for the courts. They have been ever sufficient
in our past for all collisions between the Fed-
eral and State governments.
This is your bill to enforce the fourteenth
amendment, to assure personal liberty 1 Per-
sonal liberty 1 A gentleman [Mr. E. H. Rob-
erts] called it one of the three blazing stars in
the sword-belt of Orion. So far as this bill is
concerned, with its suspension of the writ of
liberty, its martial law, and its absolute mas-
tery of the people and States by the Executive,
personal liberty might as well be blazing in
some distant hole in the sky. It is the faintest
nebulosity, hardly discernible by Lord Ross's
telescope; certainly it is not apparent to our
eyes.
Outside of the exclusive jurisdiction over
forts, territorial and high-sea crimes, &c., and
on a call by the States on the President, as an
auxiliary to the municipal police powers of the
State, the Government of the States is exclu-
sive, absolute, and complete. There is not a
line to show it to be otherwise in the Constitu-
tion. The Supreme Court (2 Peters, 102) have
said the same thing :
"All those powers which relate to merely munici-
pal legislation, or which may properly be called
internal police, are not surrendered (by the States)
or restrained, and consequently in relation to these
tho authority of a State is complete, unqualified,
and exclusive."—2 Peters's Reports, 102.
And yet the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixg-
iiam] had the effrontery to cite the decision of
Chief Justice Marshall for this bill. He cited
the case of Cohens vs. Virginia, in 6 Wheaton,
875, and the very citation itself from Chief
Justice Marshall only declares the supreme
power of the Federal Government for "many
purposes." He refers to the powers "given."
The citation consists with the former opinions
of the Chief Justice, and is in entire harmony
with my position. The Chief Justice is indeed
"full orbed," as tho gentleman calls him;
and he had no occasion to go into an eclipse,
like my learned brother, to serve party aims.
By all the rules of logic, those who urge this
legislation must show their warrant for it. But
waiving that, by the roles of interpretation ever
applicable to our system, I insist that the Con-
stitution being a grant nothing can be taken
under it which has not been given in it. The
grant itself says so. It goes further, and with a
view to these very usurpations, it would seem,
it says—ninth article of amendments—" the
enumeration in the Constitution of certain
rights shall not be construed to deny or, dis-
parage others retained by the people." The
history of the Constitution shows that its
framers were fearful of the absorption of State „
authority by the Federal; and they did all they
could to make it clear that the States were the
arches on which the Federal system reposed.
As Mr. Madison said, in the Federalist,
there would be " experiments produced by the
caprice of particular States or by the ambition
of particular leaders," and the "only restric-
tions imposed on the States is, that they shall
not exchange republican for anti-republican
constitutions, a restriction which will hardly
be considered as a grievance." When these
attempts are proposed in'the form of a mili-
tary intervention, without the call of the States,
the usurpation is too apparent for the rules of
construction.
When, therefore, the language of jurists,
courts, statesmen, and of the Constitution
itself forbids this measure, what more is to
be said? If the rules of construction require
that I should point out an express denial of
such legislation, I refer to the limitations in
the third article as to judicial power, as I have
already referred to another clause with ref-
erence to the military power. The judicial
power of the Federal Government cannot be
delegated. The second section of the third
article defines the extent of that power. The
word "extend" itself is used. How far?
"To all oases in law and equity arising under this
Constitution, tho laws of tho United States, and
treaties made, or which shall bo made, under their
authority; to a,U cases affecting embassadors, other
public ministers, and consuls; to all cases of admir-
alty and maritime jurisdiction; to controversies to
which tho United Statos shall be a party; to contro-
versies between two or more Statos, between a Stato
and citizens of another Stato, between citizens of
different States, between citizens of the same State
claiming land under grants of different States, and
between a State, or tho citizens thereof, and foreign
States, citizens, or subjects."
Is civil order in the States comprehended
here? Does this clause as to the -character
of the litigants embrace crimes in the State?
Does the relation these litigants bear to each
other touch cases of " murder, manslaughter,
mayhem, robbery, assault and battery, per-
jury, subornation of perjury, criminal destruc-
tion of legal process or resistance to officers,
arson, larceny, conspiracies, or combinations'/''
If not, then there is no "enumeration" of
rights in the Constitution, and no remedies
provided like those of this bill; and whatever
is not expressed is excluded.
Then where is your warrant for this law ? I
demand' it without forcing or quibbling. I
demand the construction which is given to all
grants, whether in charter, contract, treaty, or
constitution, concerning person or property.
In making this demand I may be allowed to
adopt a cogent statement in a similar case which
I heard the other day from the lips of Attorney
General Black in the United States Supreme
Court:
"You may adopt tho loosest construction you can
so that it be aconstruction. Take all the power that
is granted according to tho most extended significa-
tion of tho words. Stretch the meaning as far as
5'ou possibly can ot every syllable which adds to tho
power of of thoGeneral Government. After doing
this take all the additional power that your utmost
ingenuity can conceivc of as necessary to carry the
othersinto effect. Then narrow down the senso of
every word that expresses or implies a right on the
part of States or people. Do everything that can bo
done by construction to magnify and increase the
central authority, do nothing for liberty, let every
claim for self-government be discountenanced as
much as possible. Let the powers thus accumulated
and extended by construction be leit m the hands of
the Federal officers to be guarded, as no doubt they
will guard it, with "love strong as death, and jeal-
ousy cruel as the grave." But after you have gone
as far_as any kind of construction will carry you in
thatdiroction, we ask you to stop. Do not take what
is neither expressed or implied in the grant, for that
is not construction but destruction. We stand upon
the outer limits ot the Constitution and implore you
not to pass that bordor.
"I think I can illustrate my idea of these different
sorts of construction by reference to a very old grant,
I believe the oldest one onreeordof winch the terms
are distinctly made known.
