458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
"'3.4.5, and 6. Thomas Johnson, Levi Smiley,
David Jones, and Samuel or Thomas Snoddy, all
colored men living in Greene county.
*7.  Burke, a leading colored man living in
. Sumter county; was a member of the Legislature.
44 '8. frank Diggs, a colored man, who was United
States mail agent on the Selma and Meridian rail-
road, shot in his mail car near the Alabama and Mis-
sissipj# line, a short time before the election in
Novenrberlast.
** *9. William C. Lukft, white, teacher of sehoot for
colored children at Patona, Calhoun county. Hung
near the village of Cross Plains, Calhoun county, on
the night of J uly 11,1870.
***10,11,12,13. 14. 15. Toney Cliff, Berry Harris,
,Csesar Frederick, William Hall, Essex Hendrick,
and Jacob Moore, all colored men, put to death at
the same time and place as Mr. Luke.
"' 16. Eighteen colored men. living in Millersville,
Clay-county, were cruelly beaten by a band of
disguised men for voting the Republican ticket in
November last. Two were beaten with boards into
*which small nails had been driven.'
"December 2. 1870, the same officer reported an
attemptto assassinate Lieutenant Bandy, nineteenth
infantry, at Baton Rouge, and said that unless mil-
itary protection was given, the lives of citizens and
officers who testified against the rioters would be in
danger. He was directed by the department com-
mander to protect his own command, and leave the
civil authorities to take care of the citizens.
" Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding fifth
military district, (State of Texas,) in his annual
report, dated October 21,1869, says that'the num-
ber of murders in that State during the nine months,
from January 1, 1869, to September 30,1869, accord-
ing to the official records, necessarily imperfect, is
three hundred and eighty-four, being an average of
one and a half a day.
*' November 14,1870, the commanding officer, Baton
Rouge, Louisiana, submitted a report of his action
during the election riot at that place, November 7,
1870, snowing that the rioters numbered about two
hundred men, armed with muskets, shot-guns, re-
volvers, &c„ and that during the riot at the court-
house two colored men were wounded, one of whom
died, and opposite the court-house Hon. Joseph L.
Official, Republican member-elect to the Legisla-
ture, was round wounded, and he died the next
day. The casualties were four killed and twenty
wounded/'
The testimony as to North Carolina covers
a vast range. ^ 1 quote the'oath of the ICu Klux
Klan, as testified by Mr. Boyd and other mem-
bers:
'* Yousolemnly swear, in thopresence of Almighty
God,that you will never roveal tho name of the per-
son who initiated you, and that you will never
reveal what is now about to come to your knowl-
edge; and that you are not now a member of tho
lied String Order, Union League, Heroes of America,
Grand Army of tho Republic, or any yther organ-
ization whose aim and intention is to destroy the
rights of tho South, or of the States, or of tho peo-
ple. or to elevate tho negro to a political equality
with yourself; and that you are opposed to all such
principles: So help you God.
"You further swear before Almighty God that you
will be tiue to the pnncipicsof this brotherhood and
the members thereof; and that you will never reveal
any of the secrets, orders, acts, or edicts'; and that
you will never make known to any person not a
known member of this brotherhood that you aro a
member yourself, or who are members; and that
you win never assist in initiating or allow to be in-
itiated, if you can prevent it, any one belonging to
tho Red String Order, Union League, Heroes of
America. Grand Army of the Republic, or any one
holding Radical views or opinions. And should any
member of this brotherhood, or their families, be in
danger, you will inform them of their danger, and,
if necessary, you will go to their assistance; and
that you will oppose all radicals and negroes in all
of theirpoliti^al designs: and that, should any radi-
cal or negro itipose on, abuse, or injure any member
of this brothei hood, you will assistm punishing him
in any manner the camp may direct.
" You furtho/ swear that you will obey all calls
and summonses of the chief of your camp or brother-
hood, should it toe in your power so to do.
44 Given upon ihis, your obligation, that you will
nevergive tho *?ord of distress unless you aro in
great need of assistance; and should you hear it
given by any brother, you will go to his or their as-
sistance ; and sh-ould any member reveal any of the
secrets, acts, orders, qt edicts of the brotnerhood,
you will assist in punishing himm any way the camp
may direct or approve of: So help you God!"
Mr. Boyd aUo testified as follows :
44 Question, Wan there any reference to the Con-
stitution of the Uflited States in any of the oaths?
"Answer. In th« Constitutional Union Guards, as
I understood—not in the oath, but in the explana-
tion ot theobiect—it was stated to be the ree'atabiish-
inent of the Constitution as it was, without the
amendments.
" Question. Were you sworn to support the Consti-
tution of the United States ?
"Ansioer. I am certain I was not in the "White
Brotherhood, and I think they are not in the Con-
stitutional Union* Guards.
" Question. Where any reference was made to the
Constitution of the United States, what explanation
was made as to the meaning?
" Answer. There was no reference whatever made
to it in the White Brotherhood, In the Cou'stitu-
tional Union Guards the object was, as I have stated,
as I understand, to restore the Constitution as it
was, without the amendments brought about by the
reconstruction policy."
Judge Settle testifies as to the political bear-
ing of the society, as follows:
" Question. Give us your belief as to the true posi-
tion of the political organizations with reference to
this organization.
"Answer. Well, sir, I must think that the present
Democratic party there, judging from the circum-
stances, are encouraging it. I do not think it is acci-
dental. In the course of our investigation last sum-
mer it leaked out in the testimony that Hamilton C.
Jones, present member of the Legislature, gave the
signs of the Invisible Empire to James E. Boyd,who
was then a Democratic candidate for the House of
Commons for Alamance county. Dr. Moore, also,
who had been a member of the previous House,gave
the signs of the Invisible Empire. J\lr. Boyd had
belonged to the White Brotherhood; and this was a
new organization to make it more compact, it was
said. After Dr. Moore had given the signs to Mr.
Boyd they walked down to the Yarboro Hotel and
went into the room of Colonel Jones, who also gave
Mr. Boyd the signs. It was not proved that they
were members; but Mr. Boyd said in his testimony
that Mr. Jarvis was in the room when Hamilton C.
Jones gave him the signs. It was further stated by
Mr. Boyd that he learned from Dr. Moore that Fred-
erick N. Strudwick, a grandson of a former chief jus-
tice, Frederick Nash, was on his way to assassinate
Senator Shoffner. who had introduced the stringent
militia bill. Well, at the next session of the Legis-
lature Mr. Jarvis was made Speaker. He is Speaker
of tho present House. No person swore positively
that Mr. Jarvis was a member of the organization;
but Mr. Boyd sworo that Dr. Moore informed him
that Jarvis was a member, and that Jarvis was in
the room when Jones gave the signs. Mr. Jones is
a prominent member of the Senate, and Judge War-
ren, who is presiding officer, being in feeble health,
Mr, Jones frequently presides in that body. It is
notorious that the resolution of impeachment of
Governor Holden was passed in caucus. Mr. Strud-
wick was charged with introducing, and did intro-
duce, the resolution. He was also prominent in
bringing forward a bill, which passed and became a
law forthwith, to repeal the act which had been
passed, introduced by Mr. Shoffner. I draw from
these facts the inference that the Legislature must
be controlled by those men who were honored by
the party, and who were elected last summer as
members of tho party; and I think that is the gen-
eral opinion.
"Question. Do I understand you, then, to say that
the weight of what is known as the conservative or
Democratic party at present gives encouragement to
this organization, and that those of that party who
denounce it are exceptions
"Answer. Yes, sir; that is tho general opinion
there."
Mr. Williford, another member of the Klan,
testifies as follows as to convictions for crime,
and the number in North Caiolina in the
society:
" Question. Have you over heard of a Ku Klux
being convicted of any offense there ?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Was there anything in the obligation
you took, or the rules of the order, as to your being
obliged to defend men by your oaths, or otherwise ?
"Answer. Yes,sir; if he could get you in as a wit-
ness, you had to swear him out, let you be swearing
a lie or not. If you swore against him, why, you
might just as well be a traveling at onco.
" Question. You mean by that you would bo in
danger of your life fiom the order?
"Ansicc/*. Yes, sir.
" Question. Anything about getting on the jury ?
44 Answer. Yes, sir; if wo could get on the jury we
could save him, do what you please.
*| Question. No matter what tho proof?
"Anbtoer. Yes, sir; you could not bring proof
enough to convict.
"Question. Were those who went out upon those
errands to commit these outrages bound to report to
anybody on their return ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; they had to report to the chief
what they had done.
"Question. Did your camp'receive communication
from other camps in different parts of tho country?
"Answer. Yes. sir; we received, I think, from three
different counties.
"Question. Did you ever ascertain the number of
this order in the State of North Carolina ?
"Answer. Our leader told us there was about sixty
thousand; that is all I ever knew—just hearing him
say one day in meeting that they was growing very
fast, and had about sixty thousand.
"Question. Was there more than one order?
"Answer. Yes, sir; there wero two orders.
"Question. What was the other ?
"Answer. The White Brotherhood."
Mr. Boyd testifies as follows as to the
number: *
"Question. What is your knowledge of the object
and extent of this organization throughout the
State ?
"Answer. I can only state from hearsay—what I
have heard from rtfembers of the organization. The
number of the members of the organization is sup-
posed to be forty thousand. Their object was the
overthrow of the reconstruction policy of Congress
and the disfranchisement of the negro. There are
two other organizations besides that of the White
Brotherhood, as I have said before. I was a fuli
member of one of them, and partly a member in the
other. I cannot say that I considered myself really
a member of the other. One organization wascalled
the Invisible Empire. Ther#is another organiza-
tion which rather superseded the White Brother-
hood in my county, after it had gone on for some
time, and was called the Constitutional Union
Guards* whose oaths and manner of operation wero
about the same, There was ver^ little difference;
some change in the signs. The sign of recognition
was by crossing the hand on the breast.
"Question. Werethoseseparateorganizations, with
successive grades of ranks, all the same?
"Answer. I think the Constitutional Union Guards
and the White Brotherhood were not the same. Tho
organizations originated in different parts of the
county, having in view the same objects and with
about the same grades. There was very little differ-
ence in their oaths or regulations as .to the manner
of organization or proceedings."
Governor Alcorn, of Mississippi, on the 1st
of April, four days ago, issued his proclama-
tion, which is thus spoken of by telegraph :
"Memphis, April 1.
"The Avalanche's Jackson special says Governor
Alcorn, in his message to the Legislature to-day, says
rewards for the detection of men engaged in out-
rages perpetrated by what is called Ku Klux in any
county, shall, when paid by the execution, be made
a special tax on that county, with the right to chauge
the venue on the part of the State. He asks author-
ity to organize and call into the field a cavalry regi-
ment of picked men, for operating wherever masked
assassins shall be seen, the cost of the subsistence of
said regiment to be levied as a special tax on tho
county to which they shall have been called by tho
appearance of masked assassins. With this power,
tax-payers who shall dare tolerate by their sym-
pathy the performances of the Ku Klux will soon
find out that such toleration will cost them heavily
in penal taxes.
"The Governor sa3rs: 4 While leaving nothing un-
done to repress violence, it is our solemn duty to
see we leave nothing undone to remove all possible
grounds for itsprovocation.'"
A personal friend in high judicial position
writes to me personally from Mississippi that
in the last fourteen months there have been
there one hundred and twenty coroner's in-
quests and not one conviction.
That this order now exists in Kentucky, hear
the following from the Democratic Louisville
Courier-Journal of the 24th of March, 1871 :
"But what shall we say of its treatment of the Ku
Klux bill? It piddled from first to last, and dared
not act. Its timidity served to encourage violence,
which increased its audacity. Outlawry went on
unchallenged under its very elbow. It paid no at-
tention to the North Benson affair, which rang over
all the country. It did not so much as rebuke the
raid upon Frankfort. But it was quiok to revengo
itself oa an anonymous correspondent of a weak
and uninfluential newspaper who had offended its
dignity.
44 In the matter of the Ku Klux we see how its
non-action has embarrassed us at Washington. Our
Senators and Representatives are weaponless. They
can say nothing. Tho Legislature has put the wea-
pons in the hands of the enemy. When Mr. Sher-
man taunts us with having done nothing, and bases
his argument in favor of Federal interference on the
fact that we have done nothing, we are dumb. The
idle gabblo that the Ku Klux are all Radicals in
disguise is even weaker than the silly platitude that
there is no such thing as the Ku Klux at all. If the
Ku Klux are Radicals, the more reason to put them
down. If there is no such order, there is outlawry
which calls for extraordinary appliances. These
appliances our Governor recommended. The press
urged them. But the Legislature stood with a cigar
in its mouth and a champagne glass in its hand, and
would do nothing."
To show the spirit of the press, I read from
the Lexington Gazette, the Ku Klux organ
of Kentucky;
"Our deliberate opinion is that nine tenths of the
country people look upon the Ku Klux as the best
protection they have for their property, and as long
as their property is in jeopardy and liable to be
preyed upon, they will not discountenance or con-
demn kukluxism. Give them security, and they
will soon bring kukluxism to an end, for no organ-
ization, no matter how secret and mysterious it may
be, can live in the face of popular condemnation.
Many men openly condemn this organization who
secretly give it aid and countenance, and it will
continue to be thus so long as the property of tho
country people is not efficiently protected."
In Kentucky it appears that eighty-one per-
sons died by mob violence, seventy were shot
or whipped, besides the innumerable number
who abandoned their homes for fear of their
lives during the administration of Governor
Stevenson.
Such, then, is the character of these out-
rages—numerous, repeatedj continued from
