1871.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
42d Gong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Thurraan.
Senate.
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of tho laws."
Il is upon this last sentence, " nor deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal pro-
tection of the laws," that this section of the bill
appears to be framed, because after stating—
That in all cases where insurrection, domestic vio-
lence, unlawful combinations, or conspiracies in any
State shall deprive any portion or class of the peo-
ple of such State of any of the rights, privileges, or
immunities, or protection, named in the Constitu-
tion, and secured by this act, or obstruct the equal
and impartial course of justice, and the constituted
authorities of such State shall either be unable to
protect, or shall, from any cause, fail in or refuse
protection of the people in such rights—
Now what?
suchfaets shall be deemed a denial by such State of
the equal protection of the laws to which they are
entitled under the Constitution of the United States.
This, then, is a case of definition. It under-
takes to define what is a denial by a State of
the equal protection of its laws to persons resi-
dent therein; and it makes these cases which
are here stated the denial of that equal pro-
tection. I say it is a bad definition, a very bad
definition indeed. What is it? Let me read
it again :
That in all cases where insurrection, domestic
violence, unlawful combinations. &a.. deprive any
portion or class of the people of such State of any
ot the rights, privileges, or immunities, or protec-
tion, named in the Constitution, and secured by this
act, or obstruct the equal and impartial course of
justice, and the constituted authorities of such State
shall either be. unable to protect, or shall from any
cause fail in or refuse protection of the people in
such rights—
that shall be deemed a denial by the State.
If it is in any portion of the State and the
constituted authorities shall be unable or shall
fail to afford protection, that shall be deemed
a denial and shall authorize the President of
the United States to use the military force of
the Government, and, after a declaration of
war in effect against those people, to use that
military power to put them down.
Why, sir, that is the very case of domestic
violence or insurrection provided for in the
original Constitution, and in which the Gov-
ernment of the United States is not to interfere
unless called upon by the State, because the
State is to have the first opportunity to put
down the insurrection or violence itself. If it
amounts to domestic violence, if the insurrec-
tion or the combination makes such head as
to become domestic violence or to become
insurrection, and the State is unable to put it
down, then it is that case which is provided for
in the original Constitution, and it was no part
of the purpose of the fourteenth amendment to
overthrow and blot out that provision in the
original Constitution.
What then is the true meaning of this clause ?
And now 1 beg the attention of my legal friends
especially to what I am going to say. No
State is to " deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws.''
That is a limitation on the power of the States.
The provisions of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States are divisible into three classes.
One class is a grant of powers to the Federal
Government; the second class are limitations
upon the powers of the Federal Government;
and the third class are limitations upon the
powers of the States. How are these pro-
visions of the Constitution to be enforced ?
We have a provision in the original Consti-
tution authorizing Congress "to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers,''
that is, the powers vested in Congress, for
lhat provision is found in the legislative article
of the Constitution, "and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government
of the United States, or in any department or
officer thereof." Thefe is their power; and
that wou^d have been the power of the Gov-
ernment if that article had not been in the
Constitution at all, as is clearly shoton in the
Federalist and as was affirmed by the Supreme
Court of the United States in McCulloch vs.
Maryland. How is it that you make that
article, where what would have an implied
power is expressed and so becomes an express
power, cover the case of a violation of one of
the limitations upon the power of a State ?
You do it under another provision of the Con-
stitution taken in connection with that or with
several other provisions of the Constitution.
For instance, there is the judicial power.
The Constitution says that—
"Thejudicial power shall extend to all cases, in
law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or
which shall be made, under their authority."
_ That being the case, there can be no ques-
tion that ciin arise under the Constitution that
may not be made the subject of judicial decis-
ion„ It is limited to cases, however. There
must first be a case in the court, as the Su-
preme Court has again and again decided; but
it is competent for Congress, under its power
to enact necessary legislation, to provide for
making the case in the court. Hence, if a
State should coin money, which is contrary
to the prohibition in the Constitution, it is
competent for Congress to provide such legal
machinery as shall make a case, and bring the
persons who coin that money before the Fed-
eral judiciary. But it does notauthorize Con-
gress to say to the President, "You may go
and take those fellows and hang them up by
the neck under martial law," because the ex-
ecutive power does not extend to any such
thing as that. It does authorize you to take
those coiners, acting under State authority,
into your Federal judiciary and there, by the
terms of the Constitution, the judicial power
extending to all questions arising under this
Constitution, they may be dealt with according
to law.
So if any State should pass a law impairing
the obligation of contracts, the Constitution
does not authorize you to send the President
with the Army to put down the Legislature that
passed the law, to make war upon it, to say
that it is in complicity with the enemies of the
Constitution of the United States and must be
treated as a rebellion and put down; but it
authorizes you to make a case for your judi-
ciary, and then, under the broad powers of the
judiciary of the United States extending to all
cases arising under the Constitution, you have
that ease tried and determined and the law of
the State declared to be void.
And so, too, in regard to this limitation upon
the power of the States that no State shall
" deny to any person within its jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws." The language
of the Constitution is that the State shall not
do it; and what is the State? The State is a
word used with several significations. It may
sometimes be used, and frequently is used, in
a geographical sense, to mean the territory. At
other times it is used to describe the whole
collective body of the people ; but in its polit-
ical signification it is used in the sense in
which it is here used, to signify the govern-
ment of the State. It is not simply some
judge sitting in Alamance county; he is not
the State of North Carolina; much less some
constable or sheriff in Caswell county. The
State of North Carolina, in this sense, is that
political autonomy which makes the govern-
ment, and it is the denial by that government,
and not by some individual, although he is
clothed with a commission, that constitutes a
denial by the State.
Would it be said to be a denial by the United
States of any right if some district judge in
Kansas or Florida should make a decision that
really infringed the rights of an individual ?
Would it be said that the Government was
guilty of a denial of right in that case, when
that very man would, if his motive was cor-
rupt, be impeached before this Senate and con-
victed and turned out of office by this very
Government?
When, therefore, it is said that no State
shall deny the equal protection of the laws,
the natural meaning of it is that no State shall
make laws which deny equal protection to all
thepeople who are residing in it, and that is the
only safe meaning to give it; because other-
wise you would blot the States outof existence
by the broad construction that has been con-
tended for.
We know something of the history of this
clause. It was said by the Senator from Illi-
nois, ftnd truly said, that there were laws in
some of the southern States during the exist-
ence of slavery that a colored man, although
a free man, unless he could give bond for his
good behavior, should be sold into slavery ;
and the laws became more severe than that.
a sla.ve became a free man they required
him to leave the State, and if he did not
leave it within a given time he was liable to be
reenslaved. Again, in some of the States
negroes were not allowed to testify in courts
of justice against white men, and that was
thought to be a denial of the equal protection
of the laws. I do not decide that question,
whether it was so or not. The question, I be-
lieve, has now traveled up to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and I shall await
its decision. But it was this denial by law of
the equal protection of the laws that this clause
was aimed at.
Thus understood, all is plain sailing. If any
State shall pass a law that denies tbe equal
protection of its laws to all its people, you
have the power to make a case for your Fed-
eral courts which shall bring that law under
review, and they will hold it to be unconstitu-
tional and void, and everybody who undertakes
to execute such an unconstitutional law is a
trespasser and liable to punishment.
That, then, is the great idea of the Consti-
tution, that in respect to this class of provis-
ions, which are limitations upon the powers of
the States, t.hcy are to be protected through
the Federal judiciary. The idea that they were
to be made a subject of war by the United
States, much less that they were to authorize
Congress to clothe the President of the United
States'with despotic power, as despotic as ever
a Roman dictator was clothed with when he
was chosen and charged to see that the repub-
lic took no detriment—such an idea as that
was unknown to the framers of our Constitu-
tion, and never was dreamed of by the people
when they ratified the thirteenth, fourteenth,
and fifteenth articles of amendment. It is a
new idea entirely, without any warrant in his-
tory and without any warrant in reason.
You are to proceed through your courts.
But,some one may say to me, "Suppose the
I court renders judgment and it is not obeyed."
Then comes another provision of the Con-
stitution of the United States that authorizes
you to interfere. The power of the court to
render a judgment includes the power to see
that it is executed. That is a part of the judicial
power, and you have authority to pass all laws
necessary to the execution of' the judgments
of the courts. You do it, and you have done
it from the foundation of the Government.
You have provided that they may be executed
by the sale of property, real and personal,
that they may be executed by various writs,
sequestrations, attachments, and the like. If
there is resistance to their execution, you hav-
ing made a law for their execution, th<*n the
power is given to the President of the United
States, and it is made his duty to see that the
laws are executed. I do not think he can on
his own mere motion determine upon what is
the mode of execution. I think under that
clause of the Constitution which requires him
