464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
to direct the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to pay to Robert 0. Schenck, out of any
money appropriated for the compensation of
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipo-
tentiary to Great Britain, his salary as such
minister up to the time when he shall reach
his post, notwithstanding his detention in the
United States, by service as one of the mem-
bars of the joint commission, beyond the
thirty days allowed by the eighth section of
the act to regulate the diplomatic and con-
sular systems of the United States, approved
August 18, 1856; but no payment is to be
made him for his services as such commis-
sioner.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will simply say that
the law of 1856 is explicit that the minister
shall not draw his pay until he reaches his post,
with the exception of one month's pay for
outfit. Mr. Schenck, as is very well known,
is fulfilling the duties of minister here in Wash-
ington rather than in London; and this bill
merely provides that he may draw the pay
which has already been appropriated for that
purpose. I think no gentleman can object
to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to object
in the end; but until the Senator from Rhode
Island comes in, who undertook to stand by
the rule yesterday, I ask to have the bill laid
on the table.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to my friend
from Vermont that I weat yesterday and saw
the Senator from Rhode Island, who is now
here, and will speak for himself. Will the
Senator from Rhode Island express his opinion
on this subject?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Rhode
Island yesterday objected, as he had a perfect
right to do—and I do not complain of it, even
to the introduction of a bill to be laid on the
table—which was just as important, to my con-
stituents as this bill is to General Schenck.
Both of them are right, and both of them will
have to pass some time or other. I said that
in this case I should object until the Senator
from Rhode Island came in. He is nowhere.
He is the father of the Senate in these respects,
and he can defend his rule or give it away,
like St. Peter, as he thinks fit. I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
is there objection to unanimous consent for the
reception and consideration of this bill?
Mr. TIPTON. There is objection.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill author-
izing payment to General Schenck of his sal-
ary, which, by law, cannot now be paid. It is
still open to objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I am the father of the
Senate I have got a pretty unruly set of chil-
dren, I think. [Laughter.] I stated yesterday
that when this rale was adopted I thought there
were certain matters of such general import-
ance that they would commend themselves to
the unanimous sentiment of the Senate, and
that I should object to anything except of that
character. I think that the bill which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire spoke to me about
yesterday is one of those bills that ought to
pass at this session. There may be a few such
bills, and I, for one, should not object to them.
But then, I have no more to do with objections
than any other Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes,youhave; itisyour
resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I had charge of the res-
olution, but I have uot charge of the execution
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
from Nebraska [Mr. Tipton] object? The
Chair was unable to hear him distinctly.
Mr. TIPfON. I rose to object, inasmuch
as the rule is imperative ; and if we give way
at one point we give way at all, and we per-
petuate ourselves in session all summer. I
object, of course.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let me appeal to my
friend 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the matter is not now subject to
debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia.^ I ask unan-
imous consent to introduce a bill, merely for
the purpose of having it printed and referred
to a committee. It is a bill to reimburse the
State of West Virginia for losses incurred in
the destruction of bridges, &c., by the Federal
forces during the war. I hope there will be
no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia asks unanimous consent to intro-
duce a bill reimbursing the State of West Vir-
ginia for losses sustained by the burning of
bridges by Federal forces during the war. Is
there objection?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I desire
merely to have it printed and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. ANTHONY. Thatcomes exactly within
the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island objects; and the bill can-
not be received.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I hope the
objection will be withdrawn. That the Senate
may understand it, I will read the bill:
A bin to reimburse the State of "West Virginia for
losses incurred by reason of the destruction of its
bridges, &c., during the late war.
Whereas the State of West Virginia, by reason
of its being a border State, thedividingline between
the then contendingarmies, and of being alternately
in possession of each army, suffered heavy losses dur-
ing the late civil war in the destruction of bridges,
court-houses, ehuiches, &c.; and whereas said State
was loyal to the Government of the United States,
and contributed her full share toward the putting
down of the late rebellion; and whereas the greater
portion of said bridges, churches, &e., were destroyed
by the Federal troops, acting under the orders of
their superiors; and whereas said State, although
her people are suffering from the want of the re-
building of said bridges, court-houses, etc., being yet
young in years and having to endure a heavy ex-
pense in tho erection of its public buildings, &c., is
unable to contribute toward tho robuilding of said
works: Therefore.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
awmbledt That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to
the State of West Virginia, upon the order of the
Governor of said State, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
$500,000, to be applied to the rebuilding of the bridges,
court-houses, churches, &o., in said State destroyed
by military orders during the late civil war.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better
adhere to the rule.
senators from alabama and georgia.
Mr. STEWART. I give notice that to-mor-
row in the morning hour I shall call up the
cases of Goldthwaite and Blodgett, and ask the
Senate to dispose of the subject to-morrow if
possible.
protection op life, etc., at the south.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further petitions or memorials, Senate resolu-
tions are in order. [A pause.] There appear
to be no resolutions to be presented, and the
Senate resumes the consideration of the reso-
lution of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] upon which the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Pool] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. With the consent of the
Senator from North Carolina, I wish to make a
suggestion in regard to the agreement entered
into yesterday, to commence to vote at three
o'clock fo-day. During the discussion on that
subject I did not understand that there was
any Senator who desired to address the Senate.
After the agreement was arrived at, however,
the Senator from North Carolina, and, if I am
not mistaken, the Senator from New Jersey,
[Mr. Frelinghuysen,] expressed a wish to
speak to-day. I have just inquired of the
Senator from North Carolina how long his
remarks to-day will occupy, and he informs me
probably until the hour of tliree o'clock. The
result of that will be that it will not be in the
power of any one on this side of the Chamber
to say a word, even in support of an amend-
ment to the resolution. 1 suggest, as this is
a somewhat unexpected element brought into
the question after the decision was arrived atf m
unanimously, that by the same unanimous
agreement we may be allowed one half hour
after three o'clock, in order to discuss amend-
ments that may be offered to the language of
the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think there will be no
objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the suggestion of the Senator
from California, and that agreement is made.
Mr. POOL addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Having spoken till three o'clock,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty
of the Chair to notify the Senator from North
Carolina that the hour of three o'clock has
arrived.
Mr. POOL. Well, Mr. President, if the
Senate will bear with me for one moment, I
will simply say that during the course of this
debate I must examine the minority report,
because it makes charges against my State, and
against the officials of my State, which need to
be carefully analyzed and put properly before
the country. It will take me a very consider-
able letigth of time to go on and do it now,
and I shall not ask the Senate to hear me fur-
ther to-day ; but I shall, at some time in the
course of the debate, as it proceeds, endeavor
to do justice to those who have been wronged
in this way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, the Senators of
the minority were to have half an hour to pre-
sent and speak upon amendments, according
to the suggestion made by the Senator from
California [Mr. Casserly] this morning.
Mr. THURMAN. Who are the minority,
Mr. President?
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the minority exer-
cise that right, in deference to the opinion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] I desire to change the word "proven"
to the word "proved," it being a controversy
between the Scotch and English as to which
is the proper word. The word "proven" is
the proper word according to the Scotch law;
but it is "proved" according to English law,
as I understand. • I prefer the Scotch word
myself; but, in deference to the Senator from
Massachusetts, I propose to substitute the Eng-
lish word " proved."
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been
no vote taken, and the resolution has been
modified accordingly.
Mr. THURMAN. I inquired just now who
are the minority on this question. If this reso-
lution be put in its proper shape I think it will
be found that there is no minority here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
used the same words that were spoken by
Senators this morning in proposing to extend
the time.
Mr. THURMAN. If there is a minority
it will be because the resolution is in such a
form that Senators cannot, consistently with
their convictions in regard to the truth of the
matter, vote for it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator will allow
me to say that when I asked and obtained from
the Senate the reservation of this half hour
I stated that it was for the purpose of present-
ing and arguing such amendments as might
occur as to the language of this resolution.
That was in my mind.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, this res-
olution assumes as "proven" or "proved"—
I do not care which—certain allegations. It
assumes them to be established beyond all
question, so as to need no further investiga-
tion. They are assumed, I suppose, on the
report of the special committee of this body,
and without any action on that report to verify
what is the opinion of the Senate in -regard to
