18tt.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Boreman.
Sbnate.
Judge Logan (pages 186, 187) says:
"In the county of Rutherford, about three weeks
ago, a white woman was whipped. The information
that I bad about it was that it was done by men dis-
guised. In the county of Rutherford my opinion is
that a fair trial could be had; that is, if the evidence
were sufficient to convict any one of any offense.
These are tho only instances that happened in the
county of Rutherford.
"Question. Were these outrages inflicted by per-
sons in disguise?
"Answer. Yes, sir; all of them. The persons that
X had arrested appeared before me, and the proof
wasthatthey were disguised." s * ■< *
"I left home last Monday week; I saw different
men on the road, as respectable as any in the State
of North Carolina, men who had heretofore been
bold and fearless about telling to any one what they
believed to be the case, but who have now become
fearful and have stopped talking."
# sjs * & *
"Question. Do you refer to their talking about the
organization itself, or to the expression of their polit-
ical views?
"Arwwer. Both ; in talking about the organization
and the course that its members pursue; in speak-
ing of any one belonging to the Ku Klux organiza-
tion, for instance, and of their going out and whip-
pingpeople, or passing censure on any one connected
with any such order."
A. L. Ramsour says:
"Michael Petrie they whipped two weeks ago; I
happened providentially to go by his house tho
morning after it happened." * * * *
" John Eowler, a young man I was guardian for.
that was my boiiy-guaid; they whipped him the
other night.
" Question. The other night ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; just about two weeks ago ; he
was staying -with his grandmother, an old lady sixty
years old, and they frightened her pretty near to
death." *
"Mony Carpenter, a white man, was robbed of
eighty dollars the other week by men in disguise."
Mr. President, the course of our friends oil
the opposite side has been to claim, first, that
there is no evidence of the existence of these
outrages sufficient to justify action ; in the
second place, that if the organization ever did
exist, it has been disbanded ; and in the third
place, that one cause of its existence is the
presence of carpet baggers in the South, and
that numbers of them are in office, and it was
on account of the prejudice in the minds of
the native population that these troubles and
difficulties originated. And, sir, some of these
Senators, one of them the Senator from Del-
aware, [Mr. Saulsbury,] on yesterday went
so far, if I understood him correctly, as to
palliate, to say the least, the course of the
southern people in driving out what he calls
the carpet-baggers from their midst; and he
took occasion to denounce them in round and
unmeasured terms as men of no character, no
standing in society, mere adventurers who had
left their homes in the northern States and
gone to the South solely for ambitious purposes.
Now, sir, while there may be a portion of
these gentlemen who are liable to some of
these charges, yet I venture to say thata large
proportion of the men who have gone from
the North to the southern States since the
war have been not only patriotic citizens, but
they have gone there with a view to promote
the interests of that section of the country, to
aid in its material enterprises, in its educa-
tional system, in its moral elevation, and in
all that appertains to its prosperity and happi-
ness. Of course they are human. Like most
men, they would not engage in those enter-
prises without the expectation that their own
advancement and prosperity to some extent
would be promoted thereby; but these are
motives which actuate all of us. There are
very few of us who embark in any enterprises
in which we have not in view the promotion
of our own interest while we are looking also
to the good of the community in which we
are engaged. But I submit to my Democratic
friends whether, while they are declaiming
against the carpet-baggers, they are not im-
pinging on that provision of the Constitution
of the United States which declares that "the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States."
Of course these Senators do not advocate in
so many words unlawful action toward these
northern men ; they do not tell the native
people of the South that they ought to perpe-
trate these practices upon them; but their
course here, if it has any effect at all, and it
must be intended for some purpose, is calcu-
lated to, and will, stimulate and promote the
spirit of intolerance in the South; and to that
extent, while it is not a direct violation of the
letter of the Constitution, it is encouraging a
violation of the spirit of that instrument. A
citizen of the United States, let him have had
his birth, his education, his rearing.in any por-
tion of this country, whether that be a State
of the East, the North, the West, or the South,
has a right to go into any other State of this
Union and be protected under the Constitu-
tion of the country ; and, sir, I say it is not in
the spirit of good neighborhood; it is not in
the spirit of that kindness which we ought all
to cultivate; it is not in that spirit which is
calculated to promote the growth and perpetu-
ate the institutions of ourcountry, to encourage
and foster a spirit of hate and sectionalism
which will induce the southern people to war
upon northern men who go into the southern
States; and in spirit, I repeat, it is as much
a violation of the Constitution of the United
States as if these gentlemen were to incite to
the action which is the result of their teaching.
The fourth point made by our friends of the
Opposition is that the disturbance in North
Carolina and the other southern States is caused
by the extravagance of the State governments.
I have looked through the volume of evidence
which has been submitted to us by this com-
mittee, and wjiile some of the witnesses give
it as their opinion that there is some dissatis-
faction among the people of those States on
account of maladministration, yet there is no
evidence to justify the conclusion that a large
proportion, I may say nine tenths of the men
who are engaged in these outrages as members
of the Ku Klux organization, care one groat
about the fact whether their States are indebted
or not. None of the witnesses who have come
out from that organization and given their testi-
mony here, or who appear to have been exam-
ined in North Carolina before the courts, nor
any of the proceedings of these Klans, where
we have testimony in regard to their proceed-
ings, have shown that at any time they gave the
indebtedness or the maladministration of their
State governments as a pretext for the organ-
izations. No, sir; there is no evidence before
the Senate or before the country which will
justify, in my humble judgment, any member
of this body in coming to the conclusion that
the maladministration of these State govern-
ments in regard to their finances has had any-
thing whatsoever to do with the getting up of
these unlawful and wicked organizations.
Now, Mr. President, I come to the last ground
assigned by these gentlemen of the Opposition
for the .organization of the Ku Klux in the
South. They affirm that they were gotten up
to antagonize or retaliate for the outrages of
the Union Leagues. Now, let us look at the
evidence for a moment. It appears from the
facts that immediately after the close of the
war Union Leagues were organized, I believe,
all over the South, at all events in North Caro-
lina. That organization continued without very
much difficulty until August, 1868, and it was at
that time that the Ku Klux organization took
its rise in the State of North Carolina. Dates
are material in this connection. There were
over three years of the existence of the Union
Leagues in North Carolina without anything
like the Ku Klux, without any disturbances to
any considerable extent. As I have already
stated, the process of reconstruction had gone
on and the fourteenth amendment had been
then proclaimed to be a part of the Constitu-
tion, and in July, 1868, the Democratic con-
vention had assembled in the city of New
York, and that convention had proclaimed to
these southern people in the eighth section of
their platform:
"That we regard the reconstruction acts, so called,
of Congress, as such, as usurpations and unconstitu- *
tional, revolutionary, and void."
Our friends of the Opposition here, I sup-
pose, subscribed to that doctrine. They were
all at that day, I believe, members of the Dem-
ocratic party and have not left it yet. They
entered the canvass upon that declaration and
supported the candidates upon that platform.
A distinguished gentleman now a member of
this body was nominated for the second office
in the gift of the people on that platform; and
in a letter which he had written but a few days
before, he announced the results of that doc-
trine and the action which should be taken in
pursuance of it, in these words:
" There is but one way to restore the Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at tho South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize their own governments and
elect Senators and Representatives."
With this platform and this candidate upon it,
with this proclamation of the doctrine that the
laws of the Congress of the United States were
to be brushed aside by the President; more,
sir, that the State governments which had been
organized under them were to be dispersed
by the military hand of this Government at
the instance of the President who should be
elected, the Opposition went before the people,
and you will find that in one short month after
that platform was promulgated and that nom-
ination was made, in August, 1868, as the evi-
dence here discloses, the Ku Klux organiza-
tions commenced their operations.
While I do not say that the Senators here
who subscribed to that platform and who sup-
ported that nominee would have justified such
action, does it not follow that the southern
people were stimulated to the action which
they did take, to the organization of these
bands, by the idea of carrying out the very
doctrine which was proclaimed by the second
man upon the Democratic ticket? Why, sir,
they saw that the representatives of the Demo-
cratic party assembled in convention by the
authority of that party, from all portions of
the Union, in the city of New York, had pro-
claimed that these laws were usurpations, rev-
olutionary, unconstitutional, and void, and that
they had nominated a gentleman who said that
the State governments under these laws should
be dispersed by force. They came to the con-
clusion that if this could be done in high places,
they would in a small way take the matter into
their own hands, and would assist the repre-
sentatives of the Democratic party to disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, and not
merely to disperse them, but to put out of the
way the carpet-baggers themselves, to torture
them, to subject them to all sorts of indignities
and cruelties, in order to drive them out of
their midst, and to pursue the same course in
regard to that portion of their own people who
were natives, who supported the same doctrine
with those gentlemen whom they chose to call
carpet-baggers. They made war upon all the
people of their country, whether native or from
the North, who sustained the relatiou of mem-
bers to the Xladical party, or who supported
the Republican organizations in those States.
Those were the means which"they took into
their own hands in order to carry out this rev-
olutionary doctrine which was proclaimed at
New York; and while our friends here, indi-
vidually of course, I would not say would give
countenance to any such thing, yet the Dem-
