1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
465
the points wherein the majority and the minor-
ity ot' that committee differ. This resolution
assumes a certain state of facts as to North
Carolina; and not only assumes a certain state
of facts in regard to North Carolina, but as-
sumes that a similar state of facts exists else-
where. It assumes what I do not believe to
be true to the extent alleged in this resolution.
That is not all, sir. After having assumed
the facts, it then goes on to direct the Judiciary
Committee positively " to report a bill or bills
to enable the President and the courts of the
United States to execute the laws, punish and
prevent such organized violence, and secure to
all citizens the rights so guarantied to them."
It leaves the committee scarcely anything of
discretion or judgment in investigating what
are the powers of the Federal Government
under the Constitution in regard to the subject
which is now under investigation.
Now, Mr. President, I do not think this is
the way to instruct a committee. I think the
proper way is to give this committee the fair
discretion and exercise of its judgment that
belongs to a committee appointed to investi-
gate questions of law and to report bills in
respect to legal questions. It does not seem
to me that this does it.
It has been said here that it would be a good
thing, and tend to produce peace in the South,
if this body, by a unanimous vote, should show
that it was disposed to exercise all the powers
properly vested in it by the Constitution to pro-
duce peace in the country. Well, sir, if that
is desired by Senators they can have a unani-
mous vote very easily. All they have to do
is to put this resolution in a proper shape,
and they can have the unanimous vote, I think
I may venture to say, of this Senate ; and if it
is not put in a proper shape what is the reason?
There can be only one reason, it seems to me,
why it is kept in a shape which is obnoxious
to some of the Senators; and that is that it
may not receive a unanimous vote, that it may
go abroad to the country that the Democratic
Senators on this floor are opposed to proper
legislation. I wish to say that if the resolu-
tion is persisted in in its present form—and I
for one shall not be able to vote for it in that
form—that fact will furnish no reason whatso-
ever to charge me with being any friend, any
aider, any countenancer of disorder anywhere
in the Republic. But that we may have this
unanimous vote, that we may let everybody
know who violates the law that to the full
extfint that we have constitutional power to
interpose we will interpose, I offer, as a sub-
stitute for the resolution of my colleague, that
which I send to the Secretary's desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thukman] moves to amend the res-
olution of his colleague [Mr. Siiekman] by
striking out all after the word "Resolved,"
and inserting what will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be inserted as follows:
That the Committee on the Judiciary is hereby
■ instructed to inquire what arc the constitutional
powers of the Federal Government to prevent, sup-
press, or punish acts of violence or combinations of
individuals to perpetrate such acts committed within
a State, and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I am
gratified that the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurman,] speaking for himself, and also, as
far as he could, for the Democratic Senators
upon this floor, has offered the amendment
just presented by him and has made the re-
marks with which he accompanied it. I be-
lieve he spoke the views of Democrats every-
where. For myself, I do not need defense,
either by my own words or by the words of
another, from any imputation or suspicion of
favoring, in any degree whatever, illegal, and,
still less, secret organizations formed to violate
the law. The best convictions of my life are
against them. There is no Senator on this
floor who has given a stronger pledge of his
fidelity.to law and order than I -have given.
No Senator, no matter what his purposes,
42d Cong. 1st Sess.—Eo. 30.
however proper and upright, has risked any
more than I have risked, in the State which
sent me here in opposing to the best of my
ability, at whatever peril to myself, to my
worldly welfare, my personal friendships, or
to the happiness of those that were dearest to
me, the most formidable illegal organization,
in the numbers and character of its members,
in its power and duration, which this country
ever saw since the days of the whisky rebel-
lion in Pennsylvania. Consequently, sir, I
shall not be suspected by any one who knows
me of any leaning or indulgence toward any
Ku Klux or any other illegal societies, so far
as they exist in any southern State. I am
against them there, as I am against them every-
where. I am ready to go as far as the farthest,
within the legitimate lines of our action, under
the Constitution, to put them down and to
punish all those who are members of them or
who aid and abet them. I say this without
exception or reservation. I say it in the in-
terest of peace, union, and good government
ia the southern States and iti the country at
largo.
But that is one thing. It is quite another
thing to be asked to vote for the resolution of
the Senator from Ohio, with all its extraor
dinary assertions. I have been examining the
report of the majority of the select committee
on the alleged outrages in the South. I have
been reading the testimony as faithfully, as
carefully, and, I believe, as conscientiously, as
though I had to pass upon it in the capacity
of judge of a court. I say that because I know
of no higher responsibility. I now say that,
after having so gone through the greater part
of the testimony—enough, 1 am sure, to enable
me to get the drift of the whole—I am amazed
at the sweeping and unjustifiable language of
this resolution. Does any Senator regard it for
the honor and welfare of the United States to
say of one of the principal States of the Union,
one of the " old Thirteen," one of the ancient
settled communities of the country, that " or-
ganized bands of lawless and desperate men"
have " by organized perjury rendered the courts
powerless to punish the crimes they have com-
mitted?" That would be a most woeful fact if
it were true; a fact most discreditable to the
American name and discouraging to the friends
of republican institutions everywhere. Even if
it were true to the letter, which I do not at all
admit, but earnestly deny, I should greatly
doubt the propriety, the good sense, the patri-
otism of proclaiming it in this solemn and
authentic manner, by the voice of'the Senate,
before the whole world. But, sir, I rejoice to
say, and I do rejoice from the very bottom of
my heart, that there is no decent ground for
an accusation so bitter and unqualified against
the State of North Carolina; and not only
against her, but against nine or ten other
States of the Union.
When the testimony comes to be examined,
taken though it was under every disadvantage
to North Carolina—if it ever is examined as it
should be by the Senators who are disposed
to side with the report of the majority—it will
be found that there is absolutely no testimony
worthy of the name against the other States,
and that in North Carolina the field of oper-
ations of these lawless men is limited to a few
counties. It will be found that it is not true
of all the judicial districts in North Carolina,
under any circumstances whatever, to say
either that bands of bad men, "by organized
perjury have rendered the courts powerless"
to punish the crimes they have committed, or
that in any other manner the law is power-
less to assert itself. In the first place the dis-
turbances are limited to not more than eight
counties out of ninety-one counties of which
the State is composed.
In the next place, in several of the judicial
districts order reigus and the law is thoroughly
administered. I think of two districts at ibis
moment; I have no notes of the testimony now
at hand to use. In two districts, and those
large ones, the Republican judge of each dis-
trict testified before the committee that so far
as his district was concerned the law was thor-
oughly vindicated. Why did not the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,J himself so much
identified with the government of the country
and with its honor and character, read this tes-
timony? Why did he not give to lhat old
North State, which certainly bore her full part
in the perils and the trials of our Revolution,
and was for more than eighty years so identi-
fied with what is best in our history—why did
he notgive her the benefit of that testimony in
in her favor ? Why did he, inconsiderately,
as I must believe, place upon record, indorsed
by his name, and now ask to Ifkve this Senate
indorse by its adoption, his most injurious and
unnatural accusation, that lawless men " by
organized perjury have rendered the courts of
the State powerless to punish the crimes they
have committed ?"
I appeal to that Senator, I appeal to his asso-
ciates of the majority on this floor. Let us not
put upon perpetual record this condemnation
of ourselves before the world. Let us at least
treat the question as still ail open one upon
the evidence. Let us send it to the Judiciary
Committee of this body without instructions
which tie their hands, and which, as the instruc-
tions of this Senate, compromise so gravely the
credit, the character, and the good name of
the American people at homo and abroad. It
is from that motive I speak. I say not a word
of your party questions. They are not in my
thoughts. They have nothing to do with so
great a subject as the honor of the American
people and the good name of our institutions,
all so deeply affected by such a resolution as
this. In the face of such considerations I can
hardly speak of the want of sense and patriot-
ism in driving away the minority from uniting
with you in the effort to restore the peace,
order, and security which you say is so much
needed in North Carolina and elsewhere in the
South. In the half hour allowed to the minor-
ity I can say but a word more in justice to
others.
Of course, sir, I fully agree that the import-
ant points for us to ascertain are, first of all,
what is the occasion for our interference ; and
next, how far can we interfere within the limits
of the Constitution with the greatest effect ?
It does seem to me that those two questions
should not be forejudged by the passage of a
resolution couched in the terms so unfortu-
nately employed in the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
1 trust the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio nearest me [Mr. Thukman] will be
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendmentoffered by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurman] to the resolution of his
colleague, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. THLJRMAN. I have only a word to
add to what I said just now. I have spoken
of the positive manner in which it is asserted
in the resolution of my colleague that certain
facts are proved, and have said that I pre-
sumed he referred for that proof to the report
made by the select committee of this body on
the subject of affairs in the State of North
Carolina. I have glanced over that report as
fully as I could do in the limited time I have
had to examine it and the multitude of other
things demanding my attention, and I under-
take to say that the result of my investigation
is this: that no man ever was convicted in a
court of justice of the slightest offense known
to the law upon such testimony as is found in
that report.
More than nine tenths of all that I have
read of the testimony it contains is mere hear-
say, witnesses swearing, not to what they
knew, not to what they had seen, but simply
to what they had heard; and the testimony
even of those witnesses who seem to be the
most important and most relied upon, the
common informers of these Ku Kiux men.
