4,66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
the men who have turned State's evidence,
and some of them with the ptice of their
apostasy in their pockets—the testimony even
of those men is, more than nine tenths of it,
simple, unadulterated hearsay; men who had
seen nothing done, who knew of nothing of
their own knowledge, but who retailed what
they had heard.
Here, sir, the whole country has been agi-
tated by a statement that the Ku Klux in
North Carolina amount to forty thousand in
number. Where is the proof of any such
thing? Nothing but hearsay, and the poorest
kind of hearsay at that; hearsay that would
not be admitted in evidence against anybody,
in any civilized country in the world, upon any
charge, however slight. And yet, upon the
bare rumor, the bare hearsay of a witness who
states himself that he has no knowledge on the
subject, but has merely heard so and so—upon
that mere hearsay, that. mere rumor, that
unverified report, the country is to be told
that there is an army, larger than that which
achieved the independence of our country
from Great Britain, all armed and banded in
the State of North Carolina, organized to com-
mit perjury that they may escape from the pun-
ishment due to their crimes; and upon that
kind of testimony this Senate, which has in its
keeping the character of the American people
aa well as their interests, is asked to render a
solemn verdict that that is the fact!
Mr. President, I cannot doit; I cannot con-
vict any man except upon sufficient testimony.
I admit that for purposes of legislation you will
not always require that testimony which would
be necessary to convict a man in a court of
justice; but I certainly say, on the other hand,
that you must have strong and cogent proofs
before you convict a whole community ; I say
you must have strong and plenary proofs
before you indict, convict, and punish a whole
State, much less all the States of this Union.
And there is no such thing here, so far as I
have been able to read this testimony. There
is hearsay in abundance. There is proof that
crimes have been committed, and that proof
might be made in regard to any State in the
Union. But in regard to the material matter,
in regard to the point which it is said char-
acterizes these crimes from other crimes, in
regard to the point which makes them stand
out wholly separate and distinct from the ordin-
ary crimes that are committed in the country,
and in regard to the number of the persons
engaged in them, the testimony is almost wholly
hearsay, and, as I said before, the poorest kind
of hearsay at that.
Now, sir, if we are to have a fair investiga-
tion, and if we are to have the weight of the
opinion of the Senate to bring about or help to
bring about a state of peace, if Senators want
every Senator here to set his face against these
outrages and to let those who commit them
know that they have no defenders in any party
in the Senate of the United States, that all
concur in condemning them, then adopt the
substitute which I have offered, and for which,
I believe, every Senator can vote, and let your
committee that is charged with the examina-
tion of this subject investigate your powers and
make known the results of that investigation
to the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, there
are but a few minutes left, and I scarcely pro-
pose to occupy even that little time. I rise
to say how much gratified I am by the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman] and how gladly I shall support it.
Sir, no gentleman can surely be willing to
vote forthis resolution unamended, with a pre-
amble which contains such sweeping assertions
as to the existance of a condition of things in
the southern States, which, if true, would be
a disgrace to our whole country, and which are
therein alleged to be proven.
I ask Senators whether we are justified in
blackening the name of our country before the
civilized world, and for all time to come, by
passing a resolution in the words of that now
before the Senate? I ask you, sir, and I ask
Senators, whether they will vote that our Gov-
ernment is a failure and reconstruction a farce,
and our country, our own beloved land, our
home as well as our countrymen, to be what
this resolution represents them to be without
farther evidence of its truth ?
If the state of things alleged in the resolu-
tion be true, so far from any Democratic Sen-
ator on this floor being unwilling to have ex-
amination, being unwilling to have a bill intro-
duced to remedy it at once, the truth is pre-
cisely the other way. First and foremost would
be I and the friends who sit around me to use
all constitutional means to put a stop to any such
state of things. So far from any remarks of
ours having had any tendency to create such a
condition of things as is alleged to exist in
North Carolina, or to continue it, every Demo-
cratic Senator, without exception, 011 this floor
who has opened his lips in this debate has pro-
claimed to the Senate and the world, and sent his
message to the southern people, that he does
not countenance any violation of law and order,
tltat he does not approve of it. But the gen-
tlemen of the majority here have attempted to
put into our mouths a defense of it. For what
purpose, Mr. President, with what motive ? If
the southern people have any aid and eomfort
from this debate, it will not be from the fact
that Democratic Senators have given it to them,
but that Radical Senators have so earnestly and
frequently asserted it that they shall succeed in
making them believe that there is a party in
this country that approve of and encourage
crime. No, sir; the record of the Democratic
darty is a record of earnest, unfaltering sup-
port, through foul weather as well as fair, of
constitutional law and its full administration.
Can it be right, is it candid, to say in one
breath that the people of the South are en-
couraged in the outrages alleged to be com-
mitted by the course of the Democrats, that
the speeches made by Democratic Senators
have done and will do great harm at the South,
and at the same time, against the solemn pro-
tests of the Democrats, that they discounte-
nance these things as much as the Republicans
can possibly do, to send, through the medium
of their own speeches, throughout the South
and throughout the country, the baseless charge
that a large, a powerful, and a growing party
in the northern States are in favor of these
outrages, apologize for them, defend them ?
If you want the truth let us have it; and when
crime is proved let it be punished by the proper
authority.
But, Mr. President, as I said before, I did
not rise to make a speech. But before taking
my seat I feel it my duty to call the attention
of the Senate to an expression in the pream-
ble of this resolution. My attention has been
attracted particularly to one word in this res-
olution by something that occurred between the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts with reference to the word " proved''
or "proven." I object to both words. This
resolution reads that "organized bands of law-
less and desperate men, mainly composed of
soldiers of the late rebel armies, armed, dis-
ciplined, and disguised, and bound by oaths
and secret obligations, are proven to exist in
the State of North Carolina."
"Are proven to exist." Mr. President,
"proof" and "evidence" are often used
indifferently as synonymous with each other ;
but every lawyer knows that "evidence," in
legal acceptation, includes all the means by
which any alleged fact the truth of which is
submitted to investigation is established or
disapproved. "Proof" is applied properly to
the effect of evidence, and not to the medium
by which truth is establised. Now, I ask of
Senators, I ask of the Senator who offered the
resolution, whether it is right, whether it is
fair for the American Senate, on the slight
investigation which has taken place, to say
that these things are "proven?" They are
not proven at all. They are only alleged; and
testimony has been taken, more or less cred-
ible, to attempt to prove it.
I shall not detain the Senate by reading
them again, but it is alleged that all thesegrave
charges are proven. Will you convict these
people without a hearing ? You have heard
the gentlemen of the minority of the commit-
tee say that the investigation was closed before
they had an opportunity of getting half their
witnesses to contradict the charges. Have
you, Mr. President, ever been present at a
criminal trial, and after the prosecution was
closed, heard the judge say the charge was
proven—proven without the witnesses for the
defense being called to contradict it? A ver-
dict from a grand jury is unheard of.
Mr. President, I assert that the charges con-
tained in this resolution are not proven, and I
call upon every lawyer in this land to sustain
me in this statement. I am not examining the
weight or detail of the testimony; I am not
saying whether one side or the other prepon-
derates in credibility, or who has got the best
of the argument; I am not saying on which
side the preponderance of the testimony is,
whether on the part of those prosecuting the
southern States or of those who are trying to
see that they had justice done them, at least
that their case be heard. That is not my point
now; but I do say that the case is not proven—
that the word " proven " is not justified in this
resolution—and that no lawyer and no Senator
who understands the meaning of that word
should permit hiuiself to vote for a resolution
which decides the case before the evidence has
been heard, which condemns his own country-
men, which blackens their name and their fame
to posterity, without a certainty to every intent
as to the facts.
If the facts be as alleged, I shall walk in
advance of any Senator on this floor, as far as
my ability permits me, in efforts to stop these
alleged outrages. I believe from what I have
heard that they have been grossly exaggerated.
I believe that these bands have no political
character or purpose. I am perfectly satisfied
that the State governments themselves have
ample power to put them down, and that this
indictment brought by the Senator from Ohio
against eleven States is utterly unjust. It will
be remembered that he started out with an
indictment against eleven States, but Governor
Alcorn has spoken for one State, Mississippi;
Governor Lindsey for another, Alabama; Vir-
ginia has not had a particle of evidence pro-
duced against her, and even Holden, of North
Carolina, as late as November, 1870, declared
his State to be free from disorder. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. West] has vindi-
cated his State; and yet, while these States,
by their own Senators on this floor and by their
Governors, who are telegraphing and writing
here, tell you they have ample power and every
disposition to put down these things, that they
need no interference from Congress, you insist
upon passing a resolution in the present form
declaring such charges to be^proven. Why,
when you tell us that you want a unanimous
vote to create a healthy popular opinion, do
you not let us help you? We are willing to do
it from the bottom of our hearts ; we are anx-
ious to maintain the honor and peace of the
country. Why not let us help you ?
If the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio should fail, and I hope it will not, I
shall move, Mr. President, to strikeout the pre-
amble, and then we shall see whether we can-
not all vote for the resolution. I wish to strike
out the allegation that charges are proven
- which we do not consider proven. If the Sen-
ate will do this we shall all vote most willingly
to have this matter examined by The Judiciary
Committee. The preamble can be stricken
out without affecting at all the object in view,
if gentlemen are sincere.
But, Mr. President, I see that the time is
exhausted. I had no object in rising but to
call the attention of Senators to the effect of
