1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
42b Cong-.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Boreman.
Senate.
To that extent the language is the same; but
it goes further:
"Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law,
nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the
equal protection of the laws."
This, you will see, sir, is not confined to
citizens of the United States, but it includes
every person that is found within these States,
and guaranties to all life, liberty, and prop-
erty, and equal protection of the laws. How
much further it was intended this provision
should go beyond that to which I have already
referred I do not know. The courts have de-
cided, as I have stated, that the immunities
and privileges under the other provision of the
Constitution are sufficient to cover almost every
imaginable case that could be referred to save
one; and you will find that in addition to the
two classes to whom I have alluded, namely,
officers of the United States Government and
persons who are denominated carpet-baggers,
this provision of the fourteenth amendment
covers all the persons that are not included in
those two classes. It is not restricted to guar-
antying the right of a "citizen" of a north-
ern State to go into the South, the citizen of
a southern State to go into the North, and be
shielded and protected as such, but it extends
to every "person," whether he has come from
another State or not, to every person resid-
ing anywhere, everywhere, within the United
States. So that while, before this amendment,
if there was any question whether there were
any class of persons in this country over whom
the protection of the Constitution ofthe United
States was not extended, there cannot now be
any longer any question on that subject.
If then these people in the southern States
are entitled to the privileges and immunities
of citizenship as they are defined by the courts
of the country, is there a remedy under the
Constitution? The preamble to the Consti-
tution, which is declared by Judge Story, and
I believe by Chief Justice Marshall, to be the
key to this instrument, gives us to understand
for what purposes it was ordained and estab-
lished. The people of this country established
this Constitution for certain purposes. In
their language—
"We,the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and_ posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the United
States of Auierica."
They ordained and established this Consti-
tution for these purposes. While the estab-
lishment of justice therein referred to and the
domestic tranquillity therein referred to may
be said by the lawyers not to be applicable to
this particular matter, yet it does seem to me
that the latter part of the preamble, which de-
clares that the purpose is " to secure the bless-
ings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,"
must enter into the subject and be taken into
consideration when we come to construe the
provisions of the Constitution. The Consti-
tution also declares that Congress shall have
power—
"To make all laws.whioh shall.be necessary and
proper for carrying into, execution the foregoing
powers and all other powers vested, by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States, or m
any department or officer thereof."
Now, sir, 1 apprehend—I do not know what
other gentlemen think on the subject—that
this provision of the Constitution is to stand
in the same relation to the fourteenth amend-
ment that it does to the Constitution as ori-
ginally made, and that this guarantee of power
in the Congress of the United Statesis as appli-
cable to the fourteenth amendment as to any
other portion of the Constitution. But whether
that be so or not, we find that, in adopting the
fourteenth article of amendment, care was taken
to avoid the difficulties which had hitherto beeri
thrown in the way of a fair construction of this
great instrument by the gentlemen who were
called the "strict constructionists" of this
country; and the people of the United States
in adopting the amendment declared:
" The Congress shall have power to enforce by ap-
propriate legislation the provisions of this article."
' Then, sir,you have a declaration in the Con-
stitution as it was originally adopted of the
power in Congress ; you have a declaration of
the power expressly given in the fourteenth
amendment for the enforcement of its provis-
ions. But, sir, if these provisions did not
exist without which Congress would have the
power, properly speaking, to enforce the rights
of these people who are being outraged at the
South, let us see what the authorities have said
on this subject. Having settled the question
as to what these rights are that are guarantied
to the citizens, let us come to what the author-
ities say as to the remedy to which a party is
entitled. In the forty-third number of the
Federalist Mr. Madison said: "A right implies
a remedy." In the forty-fourth number of the
Federalist it is declared, and that is in discuss-
ing one of the provisions of the Constitution to
which I have referred, that " no axiom is more
clearly established, in law or in reason, than
that whenever the end is required the means
are authorized."
But, sir, we are not left to the general writers
simply on that subject in disc.ussiug the pro-
visions of the Constitution. We have an au-
thoritative decision of the highest court of our
country in the case of Prigg vs. The Common-
wealth of Pennsylvania, 16 Peters's Reports,
018. In discussing the power of Congress and
the powers of the States under that provision
of the Constitution in regard to fugitive slaves,
which declares that—
"No person held to service or labor in one State,
tinder the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall,
in consequence of any law or regulation therein, be
discharged from such service or labor, but shall be
delivered up on claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due"—
and which contains no express grant of power
to Congress, Mr. Justice Story delivered a very
elaborate opinion, from which I beg leave to
quote as applicable to this subjeetof the remedy:
" But it has been argued that the act of Congress
is unconstitutional, because it does not fall within
the scope of any of the enumerated powers ot legis-
lation confided to that body, and therefore is void.
Stripped of its artificial and techinal structure, the
argument comes to this: that although rights are
exclusively secured by, or duties are exclusively
imposed upon the national Government, yet unless
the power to enloree theso rights or to execute these
duties can be found among the express powers of
legislation enumerated in the Constitution, they
remain without any means of giving them efieet by
any act of Congress: and they must operate solely
propria vigore, however defective may be their oper-
ation ; nay, even although in a practical sense they
may become a nullity lrom the want of a proper
remedy to enforce them, or to provide against their
violation. If this be the true interpretation ol the
Constitution, it must, in a great measure, fail to
attain many of its avowed and positive objects, as a
security of rights and a recognition of duties. Such
a limited construction of the Constitution has never
yet been adopted as correct, either in theory or prac-
tice. No one has ever supposed that Congress could
constitutionally, by its legislation, exercise powers
or enact laws beyond tho powers delegated to it by
the Constitution. But it has on various occasions
exercised powers which were necessary and proper
as means to carry into effect rights expressly given
and duties expressly enjoined thereby. liie end
being required, it has been deemed a just and neces-
sary implication that the means to accomplish it
are given also, or, in other words, that the power
flows as a necessary means to accomplish the end.
Thus, Mr. President, it seems to me that not
only from the plain reading of the Constitution
itself with the addition of the fourteenth amend-
ment, but upon the authorities and the decis-
ions of the courts to which I have referred,
there can be no question about the power of
Congress. Would it not be the merest mock-
ery to say that the citizens of any portion of
this country, or the people residing in any
portion of this country, had guarantied to them
by our Constitution certain rights, and at the
same time to say that there was no power m
this Government to secure to them those rights,
to carry out the guarantee, to enable them to
enforce those rights? While a power of this
sort may lie dormant sometimes, and we may
find that one who has been injured and who
has been damaged cannot find on the statute-
book a remedy provided, yet the power is there,
and it only requires the action of the legisla-
tive branch ofthe Government to bring it into
being, to provide the machinery in order that
the injured person may secure his rights.
Mr. President, as 1 said in the beginning, it
is not my purpose to take up this bill and ex-
amine it section by section. While I may say
that it is not as positive and incisive as I would
like to see it, for I think the time has come
when an end ought to be put to the disturb-
ances in this country, to the outrages ef those
who are violating all the rights and duties of
humanity, yet it has been deemed by our friends
in the other branch of Congress and the com-
mittee who reported it here with some slight
amendments to be the measure that is needed,
under the circumstances, and not being able to
secure all that I would like to have on this
occasion, for the benefit of these people, I will
take what I can get, and support the bill as it
is now before this body.
Our friends on the opposite side have in-
dulged in a good deal of criticism as to the
course of the Republican membersof this body
in regard to this measure. Nay, sir, I may
•say that it goes beyond this. The language
indulged in, while allowable possibly, seems
to me to be in some respects at times pretty
harsh and such as ought not to be used, and
cannot be justified unless these gentlemen sin-
cerely beliave that we were perpetrating some
great wrong. They denounce this measure as
"another act of usurpation," as " unconstitu-
tional," as " a violation of the rights of the
States," as " another step in that direction to
aconsolidated government," theghost of which
seems to have haunted these gentlemen all
along the pathway of life and those from whom
they have received their political ideas.
There has been a class of men in this country
of ours who have been troubled with this idea
from the foundation of the Government. Why,
sir, the Constitution was opposed on the ground
that it would ultimately result in a consolida-
tion of these States in a central despotism,
but we have lived nearly a century under this
system under different Administrations ; dif-
ferent parties have been in power; we have
had a terrible rebellion, and under the pro-
visions of this Constitution we have suppressed
it and have preserved the Union. Yet we find
to day no nearer approach to a centralization,
to a consolidated Government, than existed
in 1789 when the Constitution was adopted.
The people of this country, except in the in-
stances to which we have our minds directed
on this occasion, are enjoying their liberty;
they are enjoying the use ot their property ;
they are enjoying all those rights and immuni-
i ties which it was intended originally by our
' fathers to guaranty to them by the making
of this great charter. While it is not neces-
sary for me to say that 1 admit that this Gov-
ernment is one of delegated powers, yet it is
at the same time a Government that has the
power not only to manage the affairs of the
nation, but to protect the humblest citizen,
the humblest person that will be found in any
part of this Union, in all his rights, privileges,
and immunities, whatever they may be under
the Constitution, and it is our duty here to-
day to see that that thing i3 doiie, notwith-
standing that our.friends on the other side
may object that it is unconstitutional, that our
course is a usurpation, that we are violating
the rights of the States.
Our friends on the other side make another
charge. The Senator from Delaware who first
addressed the Senate yesterday [Mr. Sauls-
