468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
If he were present I would vote for this sub-
stitute, and lie would vote against it.
Mr. VICKEES. As I stated before, I am
paired with the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Gilbert.] I should vote for this proposed
substitute, and he would vote against it if he
were present.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, uays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hitchcock, Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, and
Trumbull—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlew,
Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm,
Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howe,
Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rice, Sawyer,Scott, Sherman, Spencer,Stewart,
Sumner. West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Harlan, Hill, Johnston. Kellogg, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Pomeroy, Fool, Robertson,
Sprague, Thurman, and Vickers—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out the word "proved"
and inserting the word "alleged."
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think that one
•word will help the resolution much in its pres-
ent form. Still, I shall vote for the amend-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. MORTON, and Mr. HAMILTON of
Maryland, called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
_ Mr. JOHNSTON. I am paired on this ques-
tion with my colleague, [Mr. Lewis.] If he
were present he would vote for the resolution,
and I should vote against it.
Mr. VICKERS. Iam paired with the Sen-
ator from Florida, [Mr. Gilbert.] If he were
present he would vote for the resolution, and I
should vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman. Brownlow,
Caldwell, Chandler,Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frc-
linghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Hainlin, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Ilowe, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nyo, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rico, Saw-
yer, Scott. Sherman, Sponcer, Stewart, Sumner,West,
Wilson, Windom. and Wright—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper.
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Hamil-
ton of Mary land, Kelly, Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, and fhurman—12.
„ ABSENT—Messrs.. Ames, Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter, terry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Jil l, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Robertson, Scliurz, Sprague,Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Vickers—20.
So the resolution was agreed to, as follows:
llexolved, That as organized bands of lawless and
desperate men, mainly composed of soldiers of the
late rebel armies, armed, disciplined, and disguised,
and bound by oaths and secret obligations, are proved
to exist m the State of North Carolina, and have, by
torce, terror, and violence, defied civil authority m
that state, and by organized perjury have rendered
the courts poweiless to punish the crimes they have
committed, thus overthrowing the safety of person
and property, and the rights which aro the primary
kfi'L n' and which are guarantied
by the Constitution of the United States to all its
S„?iens ' anc*.as there is good reason to believe that
organizations exist, and have produced sini-
9taM=SUt£S m many parts of the late insurrectionary
tP„ere:fore> the Judiciary Committee ii in-
structed to report a bill or bills to enable the Pres-
♦ hpDi ™ ?tLurts ?f the Unltecl States to execute
the laws, pamsb and prevent such organized vio-
lence, and secure to all citizens the rights soguaran-
tied lo them; and that said committee be instructed
to report as soon as practicable.
yekger. case.
Mr. BLAIR._ I ask unanimous consent to
oner the following resolution:
Revolved, That the Attorney General of the United
folates is requested to communicate to the Senate
stipulations or agreement entered into by the
Attorney General of the United States, on the part
ot the Government of the United States, with the
SrS1 xerger, charged with the murder ot Crane,
in tae cause brought before the Supremo Court of the
United States on appeal from the circuit court for
the State of Mississippi, in regard to the disposi-
tion to be made of said cause in the event that the
Supreme Court of the United States should take
jurisdiction of the said cause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects, and the resolution will go
over.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON SOUTHERN DISORDERS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the concurrent
resolution for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee to inquire into the condition of affairs
in the late insurrectionary States.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know what object
there can be in that motion, unless it is that
there may be some more speeches made for
the people.
Mr. ANTHONY. My object is, not on my
own account, but for the sake of my friend
from Ohio and others who want to talk, to
give them a chance to talk about something
that will not produce any mischief.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want to talk.
If I did, I might be willing to take up the res
olution. I submit to the Senate that we are
keeping Senators out of their seats who are as
much entitled to their seats here as we are ; and
if the chairman of the Committee or. Privileges
and Elections intends that those questions shall
be acted upon at this session, I think we had
better do a little business and quit talking
about the subject that we have had already
perhaps ad nauseam.
Mr. STEWART. I have already given notice
that to-morrow morning, after the reading of
the Journal, I shall call up that subject.
Mr. THURMAN. Why not make it the
order now, and keep it before the Senate?
Mr. CONKLING. That is a privileged ques-
tion, and need not be made a special order.
Mr. THURMAN. Why allow it to be sup-
planted ?
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to have
it supplanted. If it is taken up, I shall ask
the Senate to go on with the privileged ques-
tion after the morning hour shall have expired,
if we do not dispose of it in the meantime.
Mr. ANTHONY. I made the suggestion
yesterday which resulted in this agreement;
but in making that suggestion I prefaced it by
saying that Senators who desired to speak on
this question could do it just as well on the
concurrent resolution ; and that was the gen-
eral understanding. I think that good faith
toward those Senators who wish to speak, of
whom I am not one, requires that we should
take up this concurrent resolution. The prop-
osition which the Senator from Ohio desires
to have taken up is one of so high privilege
that I presume a motion to take it up can be
made at any time. It will be in order at any
time without postponing any other business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it be in order
under the rule ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It will be in orderunder
the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in
order during the morning hour, because then
there is no other business; but if the Senate
takes up the concurrent resolution now, it will
become the unfinished business at one o'clock
to-morrow, subject, of course, to be set aside
to continue this question of privilege.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that motion will
not be made until we settle this question.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island has made a motion.
Mr*. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Ne-
vada insists on the motion to go into execu-
tive session, I shall call for the yeas and nays
upon it. •
Mr. STEWART. I do not insist upon it: I
withdraw i;.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know a Senator
on this side of the Chamber who wishes to
speak on the subject of that concurrent reso-
lution. There may be, but I do not know of
one. I think every Senator on this side of the
Chamber who intends to speak on that subject
at all will wait until some tangible measure
comes before the Senate, some bill either from
the House of Representatives or from the
Judiciary Committee. I do not think there is
to be any more speaking at large, on this side
so far as I know. '
Mr. CONKLING. Then why may we not
vote on the resolution?
Mr. 1HURMAN. So far as I am con-
cerned, I am ready to do that.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let us vote on
it and dispose of it.
Mr. THURMAN. But if there is to be
speaking upon it, then 1 submit it had better
be deferred ; and the chairman of the Commit-
tee 011 Privileges and Elections had better
move to take up his resolution and make that
the business for to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it is rather re-
freshing, after Senators on the other side have
spoken on this question at least four times the
space that is proportionate to their numbers
on this floor, that they should say now that
they wish to talk about something that is prac-
tical. That is what I have been trying to get
them to do for the last ten days. 1 under-
stand now that we have some gentlemen on\
our side who wish to speak; and if so, I desire
them to have the same privilege that the
minority have had.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Equal rights.
Mr. STOCKTON. 1 should like to ask.
whether it is in order to have the concurrent
resolution read? If it is not, I should like to.
ask unanimous consent to have it . read. I
presume it is short.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be in
order on a motion to proceed to its consider-
ation. The Senator from New Jersey desires,
to have the resolution reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senator from Illinois rise ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to congratulate
the Senator from Rhode Island on desiring to
do some practical business; but 1 can do that
after the resolution is read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Rhode Island is before the
Senate, and the Secretary will report the pro-
posed concurrent resolution and the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives, which
is the question before the Senate, and also the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] to the House
amendment, upon which the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Tiiobman] is entitled to the floor,
he having been taken off the floor at the ex-
piration of the morning hour previously when
it was under consideration.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution of the
Senate is as follows:
Resolvedby the Senate of the United State?, (the House
of Representatives concurring,) That a joint com-
mittee consisting of seven Senators and nine Repre-
sentatives be appointed, who^e duty it sLiall be to
inquire into the condition ol tfieljite insurrectionary
States so far as regards the execution of the laws
and the safety of the lives and property of citizens
of the United States, with leave to report at any
time the result of their investigation to the two
Houses of Congress with such recommendations as
they may deem expedient; that said committee be
authorized to employ clerks and stenographers, to
sit during the recess, to send for persons and papers,
to take testimony, and to visit at their discretion,
through sub-committees, any portion of the said
States during the recess of Congress, and to print
and make public from time to time during the ret ess
the results of their investigations ; and the expenses
of said committee shall be paid out of the contingent
funds of the two Houses of Congress.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives is to strike out all alter the resolving
clause and insert the following:
That a joint committee consisting of seven Senators
and fourteen Representatives be appointed, whoso -
