1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
" South Carolina has been infested by the worst
local government ever vouchsafed to a people.
Icnorance, bribery, and corruption are common in
her Legislature. Bonds by the million are issued,
the public debt increased, and nothing to show for
it. The debt in 1880 was but$3,691,574. It was last
year $11,429,711; and tbis year no one knows whether
it is twenty or thirty millions, nor how much is coun-
terfeit or genuine 1 Her rulers contrived new bur-
dens in order to blunder more. On a full valuation
of real and personal property of $183,913,367 the
people pay this year sixteen mills on the dollar as a
State tax and four mills county tax'.
"This is for 1870 and 1871, and amounts in all to
$1,095,047, to which 8300,000 is to be added for poll
tax. In other words, the value of the property is
reduced from $489,000,000 before tbewar to $186,000,-
000, and the tax raised from $400,000 to $4,230,000, or
ten times as much. It is two and a half per cent, on
a full valuation, and only chronic insecurity and
disorder as the consideration 1 This is done by those
who pay no taxes, who squander what is paid, who
use the means to arm negro militia and create a
situation of terror, from which men rush into secret
societies for defense of homes, mothers, sisters, wives,
and children.
"Add to these grievances the intolerable exactions
of the Federal Government, not only in taxes, but
in laws, and it should give us pause before we place
that people at the mercy of an inferior race, a vin-
dictive party, a court-martial, and a hostile Presi-
dent. The people in their agony in that State ac-
tually clamored for United States troops to save
them from the rapacity and murder of the negro
bands and their white allies. Can we not understand
wby men, born free, should rise, or, if not rise with
safety, that tbey are compelled to hide in Ku Klux
or other secret elans, and strike against this ruin and
desolation, peculation and violence, and that, too,
when it is done by those who are not of their race
and but lately in their midst?"
Mr. DE LARGE. I desire to correct the
statement made by the gentleman from New
York, that the State tax of South Carolina for
1870 is only nine mills on the dollar, for 1871,
seven mills, not, as he states, sixteen mills.
I have already alluded to the ignorance re-
ferred to in the gentleman's remarks. Before
closing I desire to say that I hope the House
will adopt the substitute of the gentleman from
Ohio. I am prepared to vote for that substi-
tute, while I am free to admit that I did not
intend to vote for the bill as originally reported.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OP HON. F. P. BLAIR,
Of MISSOURI,'
In the United States Senate,
April 13, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to tbe Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. President: I have heretofore shown, as
I think conclusively, that the legislation pro-
posed in tbis bill is wholly unwarranted by the
Constitution of the (J nited States. I then quoted
the speeches of those most prominent in advo-
cating the fourteenth amendment, to show that
its object was only to prevent any discrimination
by the law of any State against any class of citi-
zens. This being forbidden by the Constitution
of the United States, and all the judges, State
and national, being sworn to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the Supreme
Court of the United States having power to
supervise and correct the action of the State
courts when they violated the Constitution of
the United States, there could 'be no danger
of the violation of the rights of citizens under
color of the laws of the States. The rights of
the citizens of the several States, within the
States, were left to the guardianship of the
States. This all the text-writers on the Con-
stitution assert, and it is not now denied that
such was the design of the original Constitu-
tion. But it was said, as the justification of
the first section of the fourteenth amendment
and the ciyjl rights bill, that the laws of the
States discriminated against a certain class of
citizens, namely, the free colored people, and
it was necessary to annul such laws and to put
that on sure ground it was necessary to put it
in the Constitution.
I quoted from the speech^ of Messrs.
Bingham and Shellabarger. The first said
expressly that the amendment was directed
only against " the unconstitutional acts of any
State;" and the latter, speaking of the civil
rights bill, which avowedly had the same
object, said that " it was not meant to vsurp the
rights of the States to punish offenses generally
against the rights of citizens of the several
States, but its whole force was expended in
defeating an attempt under State laws to de-
prive races and the members thereof, as such,
of the rights enumerated in this act." Mr.
Stevens, the chairman of the Reconstruction
Committee which reported theamendrnent, on
May 8, 1866, said:
" The first section prohibits the States from abridg-
ing the privileges and immunities of citizens of the
United States, or unlawfully depriving theui oflifc,
liberty, or property, or of denying to any person
within their jurisdiction the ' equal' protection of
the laws.
"I can hardly believo that any person can be
found who will not admit that every one of these
provisions is just. They are all asserted, in some
form or other, in our declaration or organic law.
But the Constitution limits only the action of Con-
gress, and is not a limitation on the States. This
amendment supplies that defect, and allows Con-
gress to correct the unjust legislation of a State, so
far as the law which operates upon one man shall
operate equally upon all.
" Whatever law punishes a white inan for a crime
shall punish the black man precisely in the same
way and to the same degree. Whatever law pro-
tects the white man shall afford ' equal' protection
to the black man. Whatever means of redress is
afforded to one shall be afforded to all. Whatever
law allows the white man to testify in court shall
allow the man of color to do the same. These are
great advantages over their present eodes. Now
different degrees of punishment are inflicted, not on
account of the magnitude of the crime, but accord-
ing to the color of the skin. Now color disqualifies
a man from testifying in the courts or being tried in
the same way as white men. I need not enumerate
these partial and oppressive laws. Unless the Con-
stitution should restrain them, those States will all,
I fear, keep up tbis discrimination and crush to death
the hated freed men."—Globe, p. 2459. *
In the Senate Judge Poland stated the pur-
port of the section in similar terms, and though
it was opposed by some of the Democratic Sen-
ators, none of them objected that any such
power as that now asserted could be exercised
under it. Even if the language of the section
was ambiguous, which it is not, its meaning
would be fixed beyond controversy by this
concurrent testimony of all parties that its
object and meaning were simply to annul dis-
criminating State legislation against any class
of citizens.
It is also shown that the power hereclaimed
was not given by the amendment, by the fact
that an effort was made to get a grant of the
power now proposed to be exercised, and'it
was refused.
Mr. Bingham, who was a member of the
Reconstruction Committee, and, as I have
shown, advocated the amendment as it stands
simply as a restriction on unconstitutional
State legislation, had previously, on the 26th
of February, 1866, reported an amendment
from that committee in these words:
"Article —. The Congress shall have power to
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
to secure to the citizens of each State all privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States,
and to all persons in the several States equal pro-
tection in the eights of life, liberty, and property."
He said, as the Constitution stood, Congress
was forbidden to interfere for the protection
of such rights. That power belonged to the
States. This amendment was opposed by many
Republicans, and among others by Messrs.
conkling, Hale, Davis, and Hotehkiss, of the
House, and Mr. Stewart, incidentally, in the
Senate, who characterized it as an abolishment
of State governments, and it was abandoned
because of this opposition ; and yet it is now
claimed that the power then refused was given
by the fourteenth amendment without any-
body's knowing it.
The advocates of this bill rely altogether
upon the fifth section and the last clause of
the first section of the fourteenth amendment,
which provides that no State shall "deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws." This clause prescribes
a principle to be observed by the State author-
ities in the administration of the State govern-
ments. • It cannot be supposed the enforcement
section could apply to this clause without
assuming that the State authorities were to be
subjected to Congress. It is an injunction
upon the States expressly, and its'observance
is required of the State authorities as officers
of the Stale government; and if the fifth sec-
tion applies to it, Congress would have the
power to compel the State officials'to do equal
justice, as prescribed by Congress, and to pun-
ish them for failing to do so. It would make
them, in fact, officers of the United States.
But it is not pretended that this power was
given. The bill does not undertake to compel
the States not to "deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws,"
or to require anything whatever of the State
officials. This, it is well known, has been
decided to be unconstitutional in the case of
Prigg vs. Pennsylvania.
This admits that the enforcement section
does not apply to the first section of the four-
teenth amendment. But while it is thus
admitted that the fifth section does not apply
to the first, and that Congress has not the
right to enforce the clause in question accord-
ing to its obvious meaning, which would be
by controlling (lie State and the State author-
ities and makiDgthem carry out the injunctions
contained in the clause in question, it is con-
tended that it can carry it out, by its own
officers and by superseding the State officials.
The construction put on the second clause
of the second section of the fourth article, in
reference to the fugitive slaves, is relied on to
sustain this view. But there is no analogy
whatever betweeu that clause and that under
consideration. That clause enjoined no duty
whatever upon State officials, and the Supreme
Court held, in 1'rigg vs. Pennsylvania, 16
Peters, 539, that the legislation required by
it was required exclusively of Congress. Here
the duty enjoined by the clause in question is
exclusively upon the State and the State offi-
cials, and it cannot be supposed either that
these officials were subordinated to Congress
or that -these duties might be devolved upon
United States officials without violating the
fundamental principles on which our system of
government proceeds.
But if the Bingham amendment itself had
been adopted it would scarcely have warranted
the third and fourth sections of this bill. Those
sections are in direct violation of the fourth
section of the fourth article of the Constitution,
which prohibits the interference of the Presi-
dent in the domestic affairs of a State unless
aid is requested by the State authorities.
It is not yet said that the States have not a
concurrent jurisdiction in protecting their citi-
zens, and it is not said that the fourth section
of the fourth article is repealed. While that
remains tbe legislation authorized by Congress
by the amendment must be restricted by it.
Under that article the State authorities are the
judges of the occasions which require the
interposition of the Federal Executive to sup-
press domestic violence.
The bill substantially declares that if certain
offenses are not punished to the satisfaction
of the President he may proclaim that rebel-
lion exists and assume the government of such
of the States as he proclaims in rebellion.' He
