470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
lublic servant, if sustained by the approval of his
Jwn conscience, may rely with confidonce upon the
-Sandor and intelligence of a free people, whose best
(Bterest hehas striven to subserve, and can bear with
Satienoe the censure of disappointed men.
v U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, April 5,1871.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I move that
the message and the accompanying communi-
cation be laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident——-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa moyes that tlie message and accompany-
ing report be laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On the ques-
tion of printing, I desire to be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the motion
is made it is not debatable except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. The motion to print is
debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion made
is to lay on the table, and print. If any Sen-
ator demands a division of that question, the
first question is on laying upon the table; and
that is not debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If I may be
allowed by universal consent to say a word, I
will remark that, while the message is quite
satisfactory to me personally, I deem it fair
that something should be said on the part of
those who do not concur as to the policy of the
annexation of San Domingo.
Mr. CONKLING. At this session ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir. A
fair and temperate statement of the views of
those, or of some of those, who believe that the
disadvantages of annexation greatly outweigh
the advantages seems to me to be entirely
pertinent and just. All that has hitherto been
sent out to the country from this body, except
on the preliminary questions, (which I regard
as of no consequence, so far as the main ques-
tion is concerned,) has been in favor of an-
nexation. I refer particularly to the message
of the President in December last and to this
now with the report of these commissioners ;
and certainly it seems to me that it is just and
fair that something should be said upon the
other side; and I therefore desire an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont ask unanimous consent of
the Senate ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent to be allowed
to speak on the question whether the message
shall be laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let the motion bo
divided.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator from
Vermont desire to speak to-night?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should pre-
fer to speak to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then perhaps the Sen-
ator will allow the message to be printed and
speak on a motion to print extra copies of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. lam willing
to do that, certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY". I want to know whether
a Senator has any right to discuss a subject so
important as that of this message ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator from California. Every
Senator has a right to debate under the rules
of the Senate which the Senate have estab-
lished for themselves, one of which rules bap-
pens to be that a motion to lay on the table
is not debatable except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to come to
the point. I suppose that can be reached by
dividing this motion. I presume it to be divis-
ible.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the first question
will be upon laying on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
if there is any way 
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to go on
if Senators will allow me to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont was on the floor and was inter-
rupted by the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I thought the Senator
from Vermont had concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He is still on
the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Vermont to allow me to finish what I was say-
ing. I propose to move to divide the question,
if that be in order, and let the motion to lay
on the table be disposed of by itself, and the
other motion be disposed of by itself, (the mo-
tion to print,) because upon that, 1 suppose,
the question is open to debate.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to know if there is
any way under the rules that we have here to
prevent another discussion of the San Domingo
question at this session.
Mr. SUMNER. No, there is not.
Mr. STEWART. I inquire of the Chair if
there is any way under our rules by which we
can go on and dispose of the matter in hand
and see if we can protect life and property 
Mr. THURMAN. I call the Senator from
Nevada to order. He has no right to ask any
such question of the Chair. It is not the busi-
ness of the Chair to advise him whether there
is anything in the rules that will enable him
to prevent debate.
Mr. STEWART. I call the Senator from
Ohio to order. He has no right to instruct
the Chair as to what its duty is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio has stated, as he did on a previous occa-
sion, so mnch better than the Chair could have
done, the response to the question of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, that the Chair will not state
what he would otherwise have said in response
to that Senator. Parliamentary questions the
Chair responds to. Questions regarding tan-
gible, consistent questions, as the Manual calls
them, questions of consistency, he does not
respond to. The Senator from Vermont asked
unanimous consent, as the Chair understood,
to speak on the question now pending. The
Senator from Nevada objected, but the Sen-
ator from California asked him to yield, that he
might demand a division of the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Vermont, I wish
to submit to the Chair whether the rule of the
Senate prescribing the class of business that
was to be attended to at this session is not
directly violated by 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Receiving this message?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. By considering
and discussing the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
propose, myself, any measure, but I simply
propose 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to answer the question of the Senator
from New Jersey, but the Senator from Ver-
mont will proceed, as he has claimed the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I simply pro-
pose to give such statement of facts and argu-
ments as seems to me proper to be sent forth
and disseminated at the same time that this
report of these commissioners is sent forth.
I think that will be considered fair by every
Senator on the floor. I have not taken up very
much time this session, and I trust that Sen-
ators will be willing to accord me as much time
now as I ask for.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, may
we have an answei to the question put by the
Senator from New .Jeisey?
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair was
about to answer the question. The Senator
from California has demanded, as he has a
right to demand, a division of this question,
the motion being to lay on the table and print.
The first question, therefore, will be upon
laying the message on the table. When the
question of printing recurs, the Senator
from Vermont desires to open the debate on
the subject. Of course, if he has the right to
debate it, all the other seventy Senators have
an equal right to debate the whole proposition
involved. The Chair will submit the question
to the Senate, as he stated upon a previous
occasion he would submit it to the Senate, as
to whether it comes within the restrictive rule
or not. The Chair will now submit to the
Senate the question whether or not a general
debate on the San Domingo question comes
within the restrictive rule limiting the legisla-
tive business of the session. The rule is that
the Senate will consider at the present session
no other legislative business than that which is
specially described. If the question in regard
to the annexation of San Domingo is execu-
tive business, that is another matter ; but it
will be for the Senate to decide.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question now is
upon laying on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. When the question is
submitted to the Senate, whether the other
motion comes within the order, it will be
debatable, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. May I say a word by
general consent? I think there is no dispo-
sition on the part of any Senator to prevent
the printing of this report. I understand the
object of the Senator from Vermont 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I desire to
reserve the question, so that I shall have the
right to speak.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator can speak
just as well upon a motion to print additional
copies. I think it is hardly respectful to refuse
to print a message which the President has
sent to us. That is the only suggestion I have
to make.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there can
be unanimous consent to allow this message to
be printed and still permit me to speak, I have
no objection ; but if I have any right to speak
at all, I propose to speak on the question of
the printing of this message.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
that this order to lay the message on the table
and print it be agreed to, and that my col-
league. who certainly has not trespassed upon
the time of the Senate on this or any other
question, have leave, any morning that suits
his pleasure during the present session, to sub-
mit his remarks upon the subject.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds?]
Mr. STEWART. If that privilege be allowed
to one it must be extended to everybody else;
and I object.
Mr. BOREMAN. It is known, sir, that I
have been opposed to the annexation of San
Domingo, and I have not yet, changed my
opinion. But I am also opposed to opening
up this question at this session. I shall not
interpose an objection to a speech from the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill;] but
if that is to lead to a discussion of the whole
subject, then I shall oppose it. If, however,
as other gentlemen have been heard on the
subject, we can now have a speech from the
Senator from Vermont alone, and have the
understanding that the discussion shall end
there, I shall not object. I am willing to ex-
tend that courtesy to him or any other gen-
tleman, but I am utterly opposed to opening
up the discussion of this question at this time.
We have had enough of it for this session, I
think.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, is not a
motion to print always debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; if the
