1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
motion can be entertained under the rule under
which the Senate is acting, it is debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. The point I have to sub-
mit is, that if under the new rule of the Senate
a motion to print can be made, then all the
incidents of such a motion must necessarily fol-
low, carrying with it debate. A Senator near
me [Mr. Tiutmboia] says "undoubtedly."
I cannot see it otherwise logically under the
rules. If the Chair shall decide that the mo-
tion to print is not in order under the rules, I
might see that then logically all debate would
be excluded ; but admittiug that the motion to
print, is in order—and I know not how the Chair
can decide otherwise—then I have to submit
most deferentially that debate must necessa-
rily ensue, just in proportion to the interest
in the question.
I do not see any other conclusion, consist-
ent, with the rules of the Senate, or its dignity,
or its character for fairness and equity; and I
do hope that Senators will not, in order to
carry out—what shall I call it?—a sort of pre-
vious question, for the first time introduced
into this body, strike down one of the sub-
stantial rules of the Chamber. No rule is
more substantial; no rule has more body to
it, if I may so express myself, than the rule
that a motion to print any report or document
communicated to the Senate is always in order
and always debatable. You cannot say that it
shall not be debated without stultifying this
body and flying in the face of its whole record-
ed history. There is not a page on the Journal
that will not rise in judgment against us.
Now, I hope that the Senate will see this
question simply in the light of its Journal and
of its acknowledged rule, will allow the motion
to be proceeded with. Let the Senator from
Vermont have his opportunity, which he so
well deserves from the respect which he enjoys
in this Chamber, and also to which he is enti-
tled by the attention and thoughtful study which
it is well known he has given to this most im-
portant question. For one, I am anxious to
liear that Senator. I think the country is anx-
ious to hear him. Nor do I think that this
report, which, if I may say so, is or may be
found to be to acertain extent unilateral, should
go before the country without the Senator from
Vermont having his opportunity to state the
other side of the case. It may take time, but,
why are we here? Why are we Senators?
Why have we taken an oath to discharge the
duties of Senators? I hope there will be no
question about this matter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish to say
this to the Senate: that if anybody expects any
attack from me upon the President of the Uni-
ted States or bis administration he will be very
much mistaken. I seek the occasion for no
such purpose, but from a sheer sense of duty
in relation to the main question. I must say
that I never asked unanimous consent of the
Senate before but they have acceded it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say,
because all this is now by unanimous consent
on the motion to lay on the table 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, 110 Senator
demanding the enforcement of the rule; but
the Chair stated that the motion was not de-
batable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to remark
that my much respected friend from Massa-
chusetts was a little mistaken in saying that
this order of the Senate, that we will not do
anything else but one particular line of busi-
ness at this session, is eutirely new here. Since
I have been here—perhaps a twentieth of the
time that my friend from Massachusetts has
been——
Mr. SUMNER. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don : I did not intend to say that the order
was new. I said that the proposition to cut off
debate on a motion to print was new. That,
at any late, is what I intended to say.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my honorable friend
was unusally unfortunate in that respect. The
impression he made upon my mind, and I
think the reporter's notes will bear me out,
was that the proposition that the Senate would
not enter upon any particular class of business,
and which, therefore, implied that we would
not discuss, it was new. That is a mistake.
But my friend suggests that he did not intend
to say that, and I assume that he did not.
Very well; then we have a rule which we have
adopted for wise purposes, because we ought
not to have had any session at all at this time
011 general principles ; we ought to have gone
home at the end of the last Congress. But a
special emergency, which concerned the safety
and liberty of citizens of the United States,
required us to consider whether there were any
just and constitutional means of redress and
protection; and so we agreed that we would
enter upon no oth«r subject, but would devote
ourselves to that, and by implication, of course,
agree that when we -finished that we would
dissolve this session.
The rule, therefore, it is plain, prevents the
consideration in any form of this measure.
It does not, as was suggested by my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] by a question
in his seat, prevent the President of the United
States from recommending to us all manner
of legislation. He has not recommended to
us, as I heard the message read for the first
time from the desk, any legislation. He has
merely submitted a fact to us in response to a
previous resolution of the Senate and House
of Representatives.
Now, of course, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says, if the Senate proposes to print,
that is to say, to act upon in a technical sense,
this communication it opens, to a certain degree,
and 110 man in the Senate can say how far, the
subject of San Domingo for debate. There-
fore I take it it is plain, and we may as well
look the thing right in the face, that by the
rule, this motion of my friend from Iowa to
print this message is not in order, because it
is a class of business which the Senate has
determined should not be entered upon.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire if it would be in order for me now
to modify my motion? I desire to offer a
motion that is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is certainly
in the power of the Senator from Iow%to mod-
ify his motion.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move that the mes-
sage and accompanying papers be laid on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SUMNER, (in his seat.) And I move
that they be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has yielded the floor to the
Senator from Iowa, who has modified his
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only yielded for that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the suggestion -of the Senator from
Massachusetts after the debate has ceased.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to occupy
time 
Mr. SHERMAN, (in his seat.) The whole
debate is out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No Senator has
called for the enforcement of the rule. After
the Chair has stated that a proposition is un-
debatable, if Senators desire to converse in
regard to it and no member objects, the Chair
does not repeat to every Senator who rises
that the motion is not debatable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
time, but now that this modification is made
I rose—because the rule is perfectly plain :
there is 110 use in denying it—merely Lo ask-
that my colleague might have unanimous con-
sent, which was accorded to my friend from
Nevada only a day or two ago to deliver a
speech on the subject of public lands, that was
not before us at all. My colleague desires to
deliver some remarks.
Mr. MORTON. Is it that one speech, and
no other?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know of
no other.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking now, if
Senators will be kind enough to remember.
My colleague asks unanimous consent, just as
is done by every Senator who wishes to say
anything upon any topic when other things are
not pressing. My colleague desires to submit
some remarks on the subject of San Domingo.
It was by unanimous consent that the Senator
from Massachusetts—and I do not know but the
Senator from Missouri, certainly the Senator
from Massachusetts—delivered his remarks
on that subject; and my friend from Nevada
delivered his on the public lands question;
and now my colleague desires to deliver his
on San Domingo. It will bo for the Senator
to say whether, after he has had that courtesy
extended to him, any other gentleman who has
already freed his mind, or who may wish to
free his mind, like myself, (because I have some
very strong opinions on this subject,) shall
occupy the time of this session, or whether we
shall go on with our regular business.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senatoranswer
for that part of the Senate which consists of
himself? Suppose I rise when the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Moerill] has concluded,
having sat here and heard an immense deal
of debate on one side of this question, and
say that I would like now to speak for a few
brief hours on that subject, and the debate
having nearly all been upon the side upon which
I understand the Senator proposes now to de-
bate, would that part of the Senate which con-
sists of the Senator from Vermont who has
just taken his seat [Mr. Edmunds] feel at
liberty to deny me that privilege?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, I should feel
at liberty; but with the great State of New
York just here I should not dare to do it.
Mr. STEWART. May I be allowed to make
a remark ? It has been alluded to that I had
unanimous consent the other morning to make
a speech. It was very kind in the Senate to
give me that consent, but it was on a subject
not calculated to create any excitement or lead
to further debate. It was a question of facts
and of figures and of law. I made that speech
at the suggestion of my friend from Rhode
Island, who thought I had better put my figures
together, and I did so. It did not occupy
much time, and there was no attack on any-
body in it.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator from Nevada
will allow me, I want to suggest to him that I
cannot sec how he could speak upon a subject
of that kind when his mind is so full of the
outrages at the South that he will not allow
the Senate to do any other business. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STEWART. Ifthe Senator had listened
to my speech he would have had a complete
answer to that suggestion. I can assure him
that if he will read it he will find that it is a
very good speech, and it shows that there was
some reflection in that direction, that I did
have time to consider the subject, that I am
not a one ideaed man entirely, that I do not
keep the matter of outrages in my head to the
exclusion of everything else.
Mr. BLAIR. I perceive from the papers that
the Senator is in danger of losing all his con-
stituents by outrages in Nevada. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I was about to say that
I do not wish to place myself in the position
of depriving the Senator from Vermont of the
opportunity of making a speech on this sub-
ject : but 1 desire to say a word in justification
of the objection I have made.
If his speech is to be the only one; if by
unanimous consent we can have that under-
standing; if his speech will end the debate, I
