234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
purpose to advise the colored men or others to
outrages in the State of North Carolina.
Mr. BLAIR. I have stated that, whether
so intended or not, it had that effect. Cer-
tainly I am willing to give the Senator the
benefit of his disclaimer that he intended any
such thing ; but I cannot look at the evidence
before me, the evidence taken before this com-
mittee, which I have looked over very carefully,
and which every man here ought to be familiar
with by this time—I cannot look at that and
see the universality with which these barns
were burned and robberies of property com-
mitted throughout the State, about this time,
by the negroes without looking to this address
to show wherein they originated.
Mr. POOL. The Senator ought to know
when he says "about this time" that none
are proved to have been committed about that
time.
Mr. BLAIR. Then I am unfortunate in
not being able to know what is so clearly
proved, as the Senator from North Carolina
appears to know so well.
Mr. POOL. The evidence is before the
Senator and the Senate, and let him show any-
thing about that time.
Mr. BLAIR. And the Senate may judge.
Mr. POOL. "About that time" is what
the Senator said.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, about that time and
after that time. Probably it did not commence
the next day after. The address required to
be circulated. There was one member of this
Legislature, a Radical, as I am informed, who
refused to sign this address. His name was
John Ragland, a Republican of Granby. 1
have in my hand a letter stating this fact,
stating further that f'he said at the time lie
refused to sign it that the man who would sign
it should be hung to a grape-vine untrimmed."
I do not know that he was very far wrong if
it was intended in the way it was generally
understood. 1 have shown how it was inter
preted by the Standard, the organ of the Rad-
ical party in North Carolina. I have shown
that that paper enforced its recommendations
in plainer language, with less of obscurity,
with more directness, not once but many times.
Now, sir, what, would have been said in New
England if a mill-owner in some town in Now
England should turn off his hands because
their politics did not suit him, or for any rea-
son, and some demagogue in the town should
publish in a newspaper, or the representatives
of a party should get together and recom-
mend that the operatives should burn down
his mills and live upon his granaries? What
would be done, and what would be said in
that case? Why, sir, there would be an out-
cry that would (ill the land. This outcry
against Kukluxism would bear little compar-
ison to it. It is something new if the people
of North Carolina have not the same right to
employ whom they please that the people of
New England have; and if they must have
this ignorant population excited and aroused
against them, and, whetherintentionally ornot,
if such a course of conduct is taken as that
which I have indicated, and there results from
it these outrages which have been proved, it
does not lie in the mouths of those who create
this condition of things to come 'here aud ask
to be relieved from responsibility, and not
only to be relieved, but that those who are the
victims of these outrages should be made the
criminals and held up to the detestation of the
whole country, and that the Democratic party
should be held responsible for the baseness
and inhumanity of these Radicals, for their
outrages upon decency, for this advice which
is a scandal to the civilized world.
Now, sir, as throwing still further light upon
this subject, I have had sent to me the testi-
monj ot Mr. Richard Badger, a son of George
E. Badger, formerly a Senator here, and known
to some of the older members. It seems that
he was examined by a committee of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina in reference to the
employment of the militia in Alamance and
these other counties. He testifies that the
leaders of the Radical party held council in
the State house at Raleigh on the subject. A
number of the leading Radicals were present,
among 'others the Governor of the State and
the Senator now present. He testifies that
he was called upon by the Governor to attend
this consultation:
Richard C. Badger, being duly sworn, deposes and
says:
Question. Do you remember being present at a
meeting or consultation in the executive office in
the city of Raleigh, between Governor llolden, John
Pool, and other members of the Republican party,
on or about the 8th of June, 1870; if so, state what
occurred, and particulaily what was said and done
by Mr. Pool.
Answer. Some time during the last summer term
of the supreme court, and 1 think during the first
week, Pool was here in Raleigh. As I heard from
him, and know from seeing him in the room and
hearing him argue causes, he was at that timo in at-
tendance upon the court. Some time during that
week, I think, and it not, then certainly oarly m the
next week, X was asked to go to Governor liolden's
office to consult lu regard to the outrages in Ala-
manoe, Caswell, and other portions oI the State. It
was stated to mt*by the person who invited me that
Mr. Pool and several other loading Republicans
would be present. I cannot say positively at what
time ol theday the meeting began, but my impression
is about three o'clock. It was very piotracted. dur-
ing the continuance of the meeting several persons
who werenot there at tho beginning came in, and sev-
eral who wexethere at the beginning went out. My
recollection is not perfect as regards all the persons
who were present, but the following, at least, were
some ot them, to wit: the Governor, Jons Pool,
James H. Harris, Isaac J. Jourg, General Wiley JL>.
Jones. 1 do not recollect distinctly about Chirk, but
think he was; but my impression is not very decided.
My impression as regards the presence of Mr. Treas-
urer Jenkins is the same as that I nave concerning
Clark, only more decided, i am not certain as to
Carrow or Adams, though I think the latter was
presont, and J think tho same as to Hood and W. F.
Henderson. When I came m it was stated to me
that the object ot the meeting was to take into con-
sideration what advice should bo given Governor
llolden as to tho course he should pursue to suppress
the outrages in Alamance, Caswell, aud several
other counties in tue State. 'I'liero was a long dis-
cussion as to tho oondition of the State and tho
necessity of destroying what wo called tho K.u Klux
organization. It was conceded by all present that
the ordinary civil tribunals had failed to accom-
plish that object, and that unless some other force
was brought to bear Republicans, white and eolored,
could not live iu certain parts of .North Carolina.
There wus also considerable discussion as to the
remedy. In theso discussions a great many of those
present took no part. Some were silent. I myself
took an active pait. It was very generally agreed
that the military power would have to be used in
some shapo or other, and that this military power
should be that of North Carolina, because the mili-
tary torce of the United States sent to those parts
had accomplished no good. Governor Iloldon dur-
ing most ol tho conference, oxccpt those portions of
it which referred to the bad condition of things m
the two counties, was a listener, and appeared to
be anxious to hear suggestions. I sat near him
during the entire coiiiereneo, and at every sug-
gestion niado by any person ho appealed to mo,
either by look, gesture, or word, tor my opinion
m regard to it. It was suggested to make a mil-
itary occupation of the two counties, and to arrest,
dorain, and try such persons as were suspeoted of
complicity in tho outrages said to have taken place
there by State military power. This suggestion was
made by Mr. John Pool in tho first instance. I
answered the Governor, who seemed to appeal to me
tor my opinion m rogard to it, that the military occu-
pation and arrest were right, and, I thought, neces-
sary, but the trial by military court too dangerous
an experiment lor him to undertake; that he ought
to send m conjunction with tho military a judicial
oUicor to try m accordance with our forms ot law
suoh persons as the military should arrest. It was
said by Mr.PooL that this would not accomplish the
objuet, arid he,in tins connection, culled 10 tbe Gov-
ernor's attention what Governor Clayton, of Ark-
ansas, had done under similar circumstances, which,
in substance, was, according to his statement, as
follows: that Governor Clayton, having the same
evils to contend with, had embodied his militia,
taken military possession of disaffected counties, and
tried and executed large numbers of men by military
courts, and in that way had broken up the Ku Klux
iu Arkansas. Upon thai some discussion took place
between Governor llolden, John Pool, and myself,
as to what its effect would be upon Governor Hoiden
himself, I insisted that all the consequences of a
failure would have to be borne by the Governor, and
Mr. Pool insisted that Governor Clayton had made
success of it, and there was no reason why such suc-
cess should not be the result here. I then called
attention to the difference in the condition of the
country; that what Clayton had done was shortly
after tho military occupation of his State by tho
armiesof theUnitedStates, and that what was borne
then would not be borne now. I was referring
in that conversation mainly to trial by military
court. Mr. Pool and I then had a conversation in
regard to this same matter in the southwest corner
of tho Governor's office in the capitol, the result
of which was that he agreed to the proposition ori-
ginallyrnade by me, that it would be better to send
a judicial officer with the troops and not until that
process had failed to try the more violent remedy hy
military court. I agreed with him that if the plan
I had suggested should fail to discover and break
up these organizations then the Governor should
take tho more violent course. The matter then of
the difficulties of the writ of habeas corpus taking
the arrested men out of the hands of the military
officers was discussed, 1 think nobody beinga party
to this conversation except theGovernor,Mr. Pool,
and myself. The proposition made by myself was
that the Governor should refuse to obey the writof
habeas corpus in those counties placed in a state of
insurrection. Mr. Pool thought that bad policy,
and that it would not work, and thought a better
plan would be to answer the writ of habeas corpus,
produce the bodies, and if discharged to rearrest
upon some new charge, and that that was the plan
President Grant suggested. In regard to the or-
ganization of troops the first difficulty presented
and discussed was the fact, which was very generally
agreed upon, that if tho military was called out it
would have to be white or colored, in separate or-
ganizations under our laws, or a detailed mihtia, as
provided lor in the aot'of 18(38. Itwasstated,Ithmk,
by the Governor that he had tried the white de-
tailed militia and found it utterly inefficient; that
tho class of men who would submit to detail could
notberelied orw; that as regards the white militia we
all agreed, at least those of us who took part in this
discussion, that the Governor would be embodying
.j. militia mainly composed of Ku Klux to put down
Ku Klux; that a* regards the colored militia it was
inexpedient and impolitic to use them, owing to tho
prejudice 111 regard to race and color. It was then
suggested, by whom I do not recollect, that it would
be best to organize a regular force. This, i think, was
concurred in by all who joined in that conversation.
The persons present were grouped in different parts
of the room, and the same parties did not always
join in the conversation, nor were they in a position
to hear what was said. At this time many violent
propositions wero made, all of which I do not recol-
lect, tho quostion under discussion being where wo
could get white men suitable for the purpose in view.
Mr. Pool stated, at that time, that there was a man
in his county or section of the State by the name of
MacLindsay, and mentioned to me that I knew him,
as he was a member of the State senate in 1864-65.
I had forgotten him, but upon this being said, I
recollected him. Mr.PooL said he was a man of
undoubted courage and capable of any desperate re-
solve, and by way of illustrating his capacity men-
tioned some darmg act of piracy, of which 1 had not
hoard before, committed by the said MacLindsay,
either during the warorjust atitsclose.in the wateis
ol eastern North Carolina, and that he, the said Lind-
say, had been indicted therefor and only saved from
punishment by his (Pool's) influence; that he would
guaranty that this man Lindsay would pick up from
the county whero he lived, and which was between
tho two lines during the war, sixty or one hun-
dred men equally as daring and brave as himself;
that this man Lmdday would give tho Governor no
trouble; that if any of these men arrested by him
undertook any resistance he would kill them or
they would be lost and never heard of again. I do
not undertake to state his exact words, but this was
the substance of his conversation. The Governor at
this time was sitting in his chair, lie got up and
walked nervously up and down the loom for a few
minutes before anything was said. I got np from
the seat I occupied on the sofa in southwest corner
of the room and stated to the Governor, and, it niiiy
be, in the presence of some others of tho company,
that such a proposition was infamous, and that il it
resulted as suggested the Governor would be damned
in the memories of men for ail time. Mi. Pool then
said I had inisundorstood his meaning, that he <itd
not intend that result, he wanted to illustrate the'
determined character ot Lindsay; and he may have
qualified it in a good many other ways. He stated,
in this connection, that Clayton's troops gave him
no trouble. At this time some other man who was
present, I do not recollect distinctly who it wai,
said that he could furnish sixty or one hundred men
of the same description from his county, f,nd men-
tioned some wonderful exploits they had. performed
during the war. All of these propositions and sug-
gestions with regard to using such violent material
were objected to by Governor Hoiden. At some
time during this conversation, and when the pro-
priety of using military measures was under discus-
sion, and when Governor Hoiden was, as I under-
stood it, objecting to the means proposed and seem-
ing indisposed to undertake tue movement, Air.
Pool said, in substance, about this: " Governor, you
do not know how they are talking about you in
Washington. The Republicans there say yon are a
failure; and Grant says that you, and Smitn of
