472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
shall not obje;l; but unless the thing is to
stop there I shall continue ray objection. We
are staying here at this session for a specific
purpose, to consider the question of a remedy
for the outrages in the South. Pending that de-
bate, and preceding this communication from
the President, we had a discussion on the San
Domingo question, which was intended to fore-
stall public opinion. It seems to me, under
these circumstances, that this very able oppo-
nent of San Domingo annexation might be
satisfied to allow this report, with the message
of the President, to follow the speeches which
have already gone out against the President's
policy, and let the suggestion of the President
be followed, so that the country may have a
chance to judge. I think all the phases of
the San Domingo question are now before the
Senate, and I hope that the opponents of
annexation do not feel that this report of the
commissioners and this message of the Pres-
ident are so utterly crushing to them that they
will ruin them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is going into the
merits, and I shall object to debate if my friend
goes into the merits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A large part of
the debate has been on the merits. Several
Senators have spoken materially on the merits.
Mr. EDMONDS. I am sure the Chair will
excuse me when I ask to be pardoned for sug-
gesting that 1 think I kept within the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair could
name three Senators who have spoken on the
merits in this debate.
Mr. ED.MCJNDS. I do not think it ought
to go on any longer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have sat here a month
wiihout making any speeches on the questions
which have been discussed. We first debated
whether we would adopt a certain rule about
the way of doing business, and then we debated
a resolution instructing the Judiciary Coin
mittee, and then we determined that no other
business should be done. Having listened to
these debates for a whole month, 1 think I can
stand another speech on a subject that is nut
to be practically before us, and I want to
promise the Senator from Nevada, as that
seems to be his trouble, that I shall not make
a speech myself on the subject of San Domin-
go, unless some practical action is to be had
about it. So far as 1 am concerned the speak-
ing will finish with the Senator l'rotn Vermont.
Mr. THORMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. STEWART. I think I am entitled to
the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. TheSenatorfrom Nevada
has spoken twice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada hus spoken twice in this debate.
Mr. STEWART. No; I stopped under
an objection. I was taken off my feet by an
objection of ihe Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HO WE. The objection has not been
removed. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a sug-
gestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This whole debate
is by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. I shall withdraw my
objection if the unanimous consent extends
to a perfect prohibition of any other speeches
than that of the Senator from Vermont; but
not. otherwise.
Mr, 1HURMAN. I wantus to get back to
our landmarks. The President has sent in a
message. That he bad a perfect right to do,
no matter what order we had passed in regard
to the limitation of business. A motion is
made to lay that message on the table and to
print, the message. Now, the motion to lay
on i he table was certainly in order, and so was
the motion to print.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has been with-
drawn.
Mr. THORMAN. It has been withdrawn,
but it is renewed.
Mr. SUMNER. I renew it.
Mr. HAMLIN. That motion cannot be
made now.
Mr. THURMAN. It can be made after-
ward ; and that is the same thing. That.iswhat
we are discussing. It has been said, and I think
truly, that if we can consider the message
so far as to order it to be printed debate on
the motion to print becomes inevitable. But
I do not want to stick in the bark about that.
The objection is that any such debate would
be in violation of the order which we have
passed in regard to business; and there I take
issue with any one who says that it is. The
order that we have passed only limits us in
regard to legislative business, and the Chair
has very properly interpreted that to mean
business that requires the action of both Houses
and the approval of the President. A motion
to print a document for the use of the Senate
alone is no legislative business that requires
the action of the other House, much less the
approval of the President, and does not come
within this rule at all. I shall insist, there-
fore, when the proper time comes, that this
motion can be made, and that its consequences
follow. I have nothing to say on the subject
myself that I know of, at least as at present
advised ; but I shall insist upon the right of
any Senator to speak upon it who wishes to
speak upon it. If the motion to lay on the
table could be amended by adding "and to
print"—and I suppose it could but Senators
around me say no. I do not know why. No
matter about that, however—whenever that
motion is made I shall insist that it is a proper
motion; that it does not come within the order
limiting business which we have adopted, and
that it is debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now state to the Senate the question he intends
to submit to them after the motion to lay on
the table shall have been decided. The Chair
will first state to the Senator from Ohio, the
motion to lay on the table is not amendable by
adding a motion to print; for he will find in
the eleventh rule that there are three privileged
motions, and that a motion to lay on the table
has a higher privilege than any other except
to adjourn or to go into executive session. He
might just as well move to add an amendment
to a motion to lay on the table. It stands,
therefore, independently. The Senate have
adopted a restrictive rule for this session; and
when the Senator from Massachusetts sought
some time since, to introduce a series of resolu
tions, the Chair then stated to the Senator that
lie would submit the question of order to the
Senate. It was debated for some time as a
question of order; but finally, by unanimous
consent, the Senator from Massachusetts was
authorized to offer the resolutions, and he
spoke upon them, and was followed by other
Senators. The Chair stated at that time that
whenever the question of construing this rule
came up, he would submit it to the Senate as
a question affecting their privileges—certainly
affecting no duties of the Chair—but adopted
by the Seriate for their own government and
for their own restriction, especially at this ses-
sion. The Senator from Iowa has moved to
lay this message on the table. That motion is
certainly in order for this reason : that what-
ever restriction may be placed by the Senate
upon themselves in regard to business they
certainly cannot, and should not if they could,
attempt to prevent the President orthe Execu
tive Departments from communicating with
them. There have been several executive
communications submitted to the Senate by
the Chair during this session, and they have
been laid on the table and printed. They were
laid on the table because there could be no
oiher action taken with them. Memorials have
been presented which are of the character of
incipient legislation. The doors of Congress
have never been closed to memorials from any
citizen or inhabitant of the United States; and
therefore they have been received, but checked
at the threshold by being laid upon the table,
that being a statement that the Senate did not
see fit to consider them at this session under its
restrictive rule. The Chair will therefore state
that after having taken the sense of the Senate
upon the motion to lay the President's mes-
sage on the table, he will then submit to the
Senate this question : Will the Senate consider
this message of the President under their re-
strictive rule? If they decide that they will
not consider it, then the motion to print will
not be entertained except by unanimous con-
sent. The Senate have decided that they will
not consider legislative business at this ses-
sion except four propositions. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate as to
whether they will consider this message at all
at this session. The first question, however,
is upon the motion to lay on the table the
message of the President with the accompany-
ing papers.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts now make his motion?
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the mes-
sage of the President be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts having risen to make a motion
to print the message, the Chair submits to the
Senate this question: will the Senate con-
sider this message of the President at this ses-
sion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask a question, whether it would be properly
considering the message if I were to make a
motion to print and rise to address the Senate
on that question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it would, and that is the question which the
Chair desires the Senate to decide ; because if
the Senator from Vermont debates the mes-
sage every other Senator has precisely the
same right. It therefore opens the entire ques-
tion to debate, and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was clearly correct when he stated
that if the motion to print could be entertained
it opened the merits of the proposition sought
to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I wish to say
that I shall seek some morning, perhaps Fri-
day morning, to express my views, as the Sen-
ator from Nevada has already given notice
to the Senate that he will call up a privileged
question to-morrow. Now I desire again to
ask unanimous consent that the message be
ordered to be printed now and that 1 be allowed
to submit my remarks on Friday morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is reasonable, and
I hone it will be done.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator from Vermont
allow me to make a suggestion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to submit the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont to the Senate. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont yield to the Senator from
Georgia ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. My suggestion is that if any
Senatorshould feel disposed to reply in asingle
speech to the speech of the Senator from
Vermont, that might be allowed to be done.
[" Oh, no!"]
Mr. HOWE. We can consider that ques-
tion when th<5 case arises.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would em-
barrass the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont. Does lie yield to the suggestion of
the Senator from Georgia?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Verinontasks unanimousconsent that this mes-
sage be printed, and also that he be allowed to
speak upon it on Friday immediately after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask a question,
in order to know whether to object or not.? I
wish now to know whether the spirit of the
