1871.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
42d Cong....1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
Alabama, were made Governors of States by the
Republican party under the reconstruction acts, and
that you are sitting still and permitting these Ku
Klux to take them away from you, or cause them to
slip away from you." There was a meeting next
day, at which only the Governor, John Pool, and
myself were present. Somebody suggested the ap-
pointment of Colonel Clarke, who was iu the city.
Colonel Clarke was sent for, and, after persuasion,
agreed to accept the command. I concurred.
Question. Who invited you to the conference in
the executive office ?
Answer. I was invited by the Governor.
Question. State, as near as you can, the relative
positions of the Governor, John Pool, yourself, and
any other persons you can recollect.
Answer. Just previous to the tiinewhen Mr. Pool
recommended his military plan he had been stand-
ing conversing with somebody at the southeast
window. The Governor was either in his chair or
walking up and down the room, between where his
chair sat and the subdivision between the southern
windows, and I was sitting on the sofa near the south-
west window, or near the Governor's chair.
Question. What was Mr. Pool's manner?
Answer. My impression from his manner was that
Mr. Pool meant what he said, until his proposition
met with distavor; and then he varied his manner
so as to induce the belief that he had been jesting.
Question. Please state what was your infcrcnoe,
from the language of Mr. Pool before his plan met
with disfavor, of the character and antecedents of
Lindsay. .
Ansxoer. I thought Lindsay a determined villain,
capable of taking lite at the instance of a superior
without question. X drew the inference from Mr.
Pool's statement, and that was my reason for
denouncing it as infamous.
Question. Did Mr. Pool suggest the arrest of any
parties by name, or did he suggest the arrest of
prominent gentlemen of the Conservative party in
the State?
Ansioer. I cannot say, from my_ own recollection,
with absolute certainty that he did, and I am disin-
clined to the belief that he did. I have some indis-
tinct idea of something of the kind, but think it must
have come from the newspapers, which I constantly
^Question. Had you ever heard, until Mr. Pool
made the statement, of the particular acts which
Mr. Pool said Governor Clayton had peiformed in
Answer.' I had not. I had a confused notion, from
tlie telegraphic accouats of newspapers, to which I
paid little attention, such things being common, that
Governor Clayton was undertaking a military move-
ment againstcertain portions of Arkansas.
Question. Did you understand Mr. Pool to approve
and recommend to Governor Holden the conduct of
Governor Clayton ?
Answer. 1 did. My understanding was that when
he related what Governor Clayton had done, he
intended that it should be followed by Governor
Holden.
Question. Did Mr. Pool in that conversation give
Governor Holden General Grant's opinion of Clay-
ton ?
Answer. I am not certain that he did, but he did use
Giant's name m connection with Governor Clayton
und Governor Smith of Alabama.
Question. Have you had any conversation or com-
munication with the other parties who were present,
who corroborate your statement? If so, who are
tiie
Answer. 1 have conversed with Colonel William
J. Clarke in regard to this mattei, and he said, tho ugh
he had no distinct recollection of the specific con-
versation, he did recollect that many violent propo-
sitions were made but none adopted. J. il. Harris
told me, in front of the court-house in this city, in
tiie fall of 1870, that in that meeting Mr. John Pool
made some proposition, of which his recollection was
not distinct, of a very violent character, and. said
something about " losing men," or that "he had. a
man who wouldlose men." I have hadaconversation
with I). A. J enkins, who denies being present at the
time; aiso with I. J. Young, who agrees substan-
tially with the facts as I have stated them, and with
Governor Holden, who also agrees with the facts
as I have stated them. .
Question. When Senator Pool spoke of resistance
did you understand it as relating solely to instances
of that kind, or rather that he would dispose of men
in such a way as to relieve Governor Holden of the
odium and responsibility of such things?
Answer. I thought both from the first suggestion
that he, Lindsay, would do it in either case, and
render courts-martial unnecessary. He atterward
qualified it, but not until it had met with the disap-
proval of nearly every person present in that part
of the room. He then qualified it as I have stated
it in my examination-in-cnief.
Question. Did you infer from the conduct of the
Governor when the proposition was made by Pool,
as stated, that his impression was the same as yours s
Answer. I so inferred, and further that he disap-
proved of it.
Question. What is your best impression as to wno
the man was who, after Pool had spoken of Lind-
say, said he could furnish sixty or one hundred men
of like caliber, and what were their remarkable
exploits?
Answer. My best impression is that D. A. Jen-
kins, the treasurer, made the suggestion, and made
it in an excited manner. Indeed, I know that Jen-
kins made the remark, and I am in doubt only as to
time, as he might have made it on some subsequent
occasion or meeting in the executive office at which
the matter was aliuded to. I have forgotten what
the exploits were, but a great deal of gasconade was
indulged in in the way of description.
Question. In any of the conversations between
Pool, Holden, and yourself was any reference made
to the effect on the coming election ?
Answer. That was not the subject of the con-
versation. It related to the outrages, though the
election may have been alluded to incidentally, and
I think it was in connection with the matter. It
was suggested that unless tho outrages were sup-
pressed there could be no fair election in those por-
tions of .North Carolina where the Ku Klux were
operating, and Ithink promptaction, by whom I do
not recollect, was urged on that account.
Question. IIow many in all do you think were pres-
ent in the first meeting?
Answer. Thirteen.
Question. Did they constitute the ordinary and
legal council of the Governor?
Answer. No; and were not so understood to be,
but a meeting of leading Republicans.
Question. W hen did the conversation between your-
self and James H. Harris occur, and where?
Answer. Before the meeting of the Legislature
some time last fall, and in front of the court-house
in this city.
Question. What are your present party affilia-
tions?
Answer. Republican of the straitest sect. My
theory is a government of the strongest kind—a
centralized government.
Question. Were you of counsel for Governor Holden
in the late impeachment trial?
Answer. I was.
1 have examined the above, and certify that it is in
all respects a correct copy of the evidence given
upon theseconddayby Mr. R. C. Badger. The refusal
of Mr. Badger upon the first day of his appearance
does not appear from these papers. As an act of
simple justice to him I desire to state that when
brought before tho committee he declined to testify.
It was not until after he had consulted counsel, who
advised him as to tho power of the committee, that
he consented to do so. g_ l^THAJI
Chairman Committee.
apkil 10, 1871.
Let me call attention to Mr. Badger's defini-
tion of a Republican. He says he is a " Repub-
lican of the straitest sect," and he defines it
by saying, '• My theory is a government of the
strongest kind—a centralized government." 1
call attention also to General Grant's opinions
as quoted by the Senator, [Mr. Pool.]' Grant
does not like the idea of these States slipping
away from the yoke placed on them by recon-
struction.
Now, sir, I have read these long documents
without any feeling whatever in regard to the
Senator from North Carolina, bat to give the
people of the country an insight into these
transactions, to show into what hands the peo-
ple of that State and the other southern States
have fallen, and how they are being held there
by the power of this Government. 1 have read
from a Republican correspondent, whose letter
was published in Cincinnati over a year ago,
the premonitory symptom of these Ku Klux
outrages, how they were gotten up ; and we
know that the Senator on the floor here made
a speech about that time, and I believe desired
congressional action of about the kind that is
now being prepared. We then go on further
and we see the publication of this_ address,
which was anterior still, in 1868, stirring up
''the ignorant, superstitious negroes of the
South," as they are called by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman;] stirring up the
evil passions in their minds against the white
people of the State if any one should discharge
any of the negroes for any reason, and they
should attribute it to political reasons; inciting
them to vengeance, retaliation, burning, mur-
der ; for the address goes that far.
"If you kill their children by starvation you
must expect to have your own children killed."
I think the Senate and the country when they
come to scrutinize thiscase, as I trust we shall
have the opportunity of doing by this joint
committee, when we shall be able to get wit-
nesses all over the South to show the real con-
dition to which this people have been reduced
by your reconstruction acts, then, whether
Congress relents or not, the people of this
country will not stand by and see their own
fellow-citizens butchered by this race for the
benefit of the Radical politicians. I believe as
firmiy as I believe that I live that the investi-
gations of this committee will develop such a
condition of affairs at the South that this party
will be thrust from power, and peace will be
restored in the only way that peace can ever
be restored to any country, by just and fair
legislation.
Jf we look to the history of other countries,
especially of the country from which most of
us draw our blood, we can recall how long
the wars existed between Scotland and Eng-
land, divided as they were by the thread of
a stream. From the time history commenced
those two peoples had fought each other
incessantly down to the time when the two
countries were united under a common Gov-
ernment, and when united they were united
upon fair and equal terms ; and since that day
the Scotch have been more loyal, if possible,
than the people of the English part of the isle.
Covering the same period of time the history
of the connection of England with Ireland ex-
tends. It began by the invasion by the English
forces, the subjugation of Ireland. History
records the continued oppression, the proscrip-
tions of the Irish people by England. She
lias wrought nothing in Ireland but hatred that
has lived through all time, and will survive as
long as unequal and unjust legislation attempts
to perpetuate the degradation of the Irish peo-
ple. And we seem to be incapable of draw-
ing lessons of wisdom from these examples.
We subject the people of the South to a deg-
radation which no other nation has ever had
it in its power to subject the people of any
conquered country to. The Irish had masters
put over them, but they were people of their
own color, of equal intelligence with them-
selves. They were hard masters. But how
much worse is the subjugation of a people under
a degraded race, led by unprincipled leaders,
whose only object is to plunder and destroy
the people of the country over whom they
dominate! The Representatives of these ne-
groes at the South never fail to support every (
usurpation here of the rights of the people of
the North and to plunder them with tariffs
and every kind of partial legislation.
Some days ago, in a general review I at-
tempted to make of affairs in the South, I
alluded to the State of Louisiana, among
others, and I gave way frequently to interrup-
tions from the Senator from that State, [Mr.
West;] and immediately afterward he deliv-
ered a speech upon the subject, defending those
whom I assailed in that State, the Republican
party, for its recklessness, extravagance, and
corruption. Among other things, the Senator
said:
" Mr. President, the changes which have been rung
upon the term 'carpet-bagism' have about ex-
hausted description. We of the South, to whom it
is generally applied, accept it in all that pertains to
it of boldness, enterprise, and right, and repudiate
all the opprobrium and ignominy which our oppo-
nents assign to it.
"In that sense in which we adopt it ancient his-
tory is replete with examples of unmeasured good
flowing from the march of civilization from tho
East; and our continent presents to the world the
brilliant results emanating Irom men who in their
day were classed as adventurers. Columbus,-Cortt-z,
Pizarro, the bold Pilgrims of the Mayflower, the
sturdy Knickerbockers of New Amsterdam, themore
refined colonists of Maryland and Virginia, and lai-t
(and the honorable gentleman will pardon me if in
such connection Iclass him as least) the Senator from
Missouri, afford striking illustrations of tho good
flowing from the efforts of those who have borne west-
ward the banner of civilization and Christianity.
These .have not been without their misdeeds; but
tho verdict of history stands recorded that the great
Republic is the offspring of carpet-bagism."
Sir, these are lofty pretensions. I should
like to know who represents the Christopher
Columbus of this crew of carpet-baggers?
Who is the discoverer of this new El Dorado,
