1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
request of the Senator from Vermont is that
he, and he alone, shall have this right?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I only ask
for myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
proposition.
Mr. CONKLING. And I wish to know
whether it is understood that this is to be con-
fined to the Senator from Vermont?
Mr. ANTHONY. If others desire to speak
they must ask that privilege for themselves.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. The Chair would
rule that the unanimous consent asked by the
Senator from Vermont, if granted, would be
exhausted at the conclusion of his speech.
Mr. SUMNER. Any other Senator could
ask the same privilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any otherSen-
ator could, of course, ask it for himself.
Mr. SUMNER. And I hope.he would have
the opportunity.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair has submitted
the proposition to the Senate, and I do not
wish to intrude on the Senate ; but if I am in
order I should like to occupy a moment or
two in making a remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects to the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, it will then be in order for him to
speak on the proposition and the Chair will
submit it, to the Senate ; but pending the con-
sideration of that question, which is to be
decided by a majority vote, the Senator from
Vermont rises and asks unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will object only
while I make a remark to the Senate at this
moment.
Mr. President, I think it never happened to
me in this body or in the other House, I trust
it never will occur to me, to feel called upon
to make an objection to any member of the
body doing that which rests in consent, in the
courtesy of the body, and which concerns his
own convenience ; and the reluctance which I
have to give my consent in this instance I am
glad to express to the Senator from Vermont
in preference to almost any other member of
this body. My long service with him in the
House, the friendship and respect which lie
knows 1 entertain for him, will certainly leave
me entirely safe from any supposition on his
part that I am influenced by any feeling what-
ever except one of kindness and respect.
Now, Mr. President, it has so happened that
once before, on a question which I understood
to have no reference whatever to the merits
of the question as between the merits and
the demerits, a mere preliminary question
of inquiry and investigation, the country was
filled by speeches made, I must believe, with
a view to prejudice in advance, to preoccupy
the public mind, in reference to the matter
which was itself to be investigated.
That debate having at last come to an end,
and a commission having been appointed to go
upon an errand of mere inquiry, it was about
to return. We knew that, in expectation and
in fact', because the announcement had been
made. Again the occasion was anticipated by
a partisan and, I may say, a bitter and extra-
ordinary debate. On the other side of the
question brief responses were made ; but the
great body of the debate proceeded from those
holding, and holding very strongly, a particular
view.
At last that proceeding, which, not saying
it offensively, I must regard as out of order in
the general fitness and economy of things in
the transaction of business, came to an end ;
and now, unless we guard it, in consequence
of a request of my honorable friend from Ver-
mont, the Senate is to be precipitated again,
in this session, held for only a special pur-
pose, into the midst of the San Domingo affair.
Therefore, while I will not object to any under-
standing, if we can have it defined in advance,
which shall give to the Senator from Vermont,
and to him alone, an opportunity to address
the Senate upon any question in the world,
however unseasonable that address may seem
to me to be, I will stand with the Senator from
Nevada or any other member of this body who
will insist that, in defiance, as I think, of rea-
son, of fairness, and of every consideration
appropriately belonging here, we shall not be
dragged into the consideration of the annexa-
tion of San Domingo, in place of allowing at
least a hearing to the American people for that
impartial document, as I suppose it to be—I
know nothing of its contents—which lies upon
our table.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will my friend give way
to me to make a motion ?
Mr. CONItLING. Certainly I will.
Mr. CHANDLER. As the House will un-
doubtedly print this message and the accom-
panying documents, of course they will go to
the country from that House.
Mr. MORTON. The printing has been
ordered by the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I therefore desire to
make a motion to lay the motion to print on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
print has not, been received, but the question
whether the Senate will consider the message
has been presented by the Chair. The Sen-
ator can move to lay that upon the table, as
has previously been done by the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My colleague is asking
unanimous consent to make some remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from New York yield to the Senator from
Michigan to make that motion?
Mr. CONKLING. I will, if the Senator
wishes to do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not make it if it
interferes with the remarks of the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all; I had nearly
concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan moves that the question of order sub-
mitted by the Chair to the Senate be laid on
the table. The effect of that motion of course
the Senate understands.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 27, noes 18.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the concurrent
resolution for the appointment of a joint com-
mittee in regard to the condition of the late
insurrectionary States, upon which the Sena-
tor from New Jersey [Mr. Fkelinohuysex] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask unan-
imous consent that, 1 shall have an opportunity
to speak on the San Domingo question on
Fridav next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent that he shall
have the opportunity of speaking on the mes-
sage on Fiiday morning, as soon as the read-
ing of the Journal is concluded. Is there
objection ?
Mr. STEWART. I consent to that only
on condition that the debate shall extend no
further.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have that under-
standing.
Mr. S IE WART. I do not want to be placed
in the position of being compelled to object to
other Senators, whom I prize as highly as I do
the Senator from Vermont, speaking. I want
that understood.
Mr. HARLAN. Does that include a motion
to print?
Mr. HAMLIN. I appeal to the Senator
from Nevada and ask him, when I have not
occupied ten minutes of the time of this ses-
sion in debating any question here, if he will
deny me the right of replying to the Senator
from Vermont? I may want to take up a little
time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have moved an ad-
journment,.
Mr. STEWART. I want that understand-
ing, that the debate shall be cut off right at
that point.
Mr. SUMNER. There was no such under'
standing when unanimous consent was given
to the Senator to speak the other morning.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Nevada
then would prevent me from saying a word on
the subject, after allowing another Senator to
make a sppech, although that other Senator
has spoken ten times as often as I have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rec-
ognized the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlax.]
Other Senators will suspend conversation.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator from
Massachusetts say that my speech the other
day furnishes any parallel for this?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it does.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 rose merely to make an
inquiry of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, whether his request included the sugges-
tion that the message be printed?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do include
both.
Mr. WILSON. I hope unanimous consent
will be given.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, it should bo
given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Vermont asks unanimous consent that the
message be printed and that he be allowed to
speak on the question on Friday morning after
the reading ot the Journal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I made a motion to
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not recognize the Senator at that time. When
a motion to adjourn is made by a Senator who
is not recognized it does not go upon the Jour-
nal. The Chair now recognizes the Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Pending which I ask
unanimous consent. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That my colleague may
be allowed to make his remarks on Friday
morning, after the reading of the Journal, on
the subject of San Dommgo. 1 want to sco
who objects to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion to adjourn, the Senator from Vermont
asks unanimous consent that his colleague be
allowed to speak on this question on Friday
next after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. STEWART. I consent on condition
that that, ends the debate.
Mr. SUMNELl. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition as amended by the Sen-
ator from Nevada?
Mr. CONKLING. What is it now, Mr.
President? May we hear it stated once?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is that the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mortiii.l] shall
be allowed to speak on this subject on Friday,
commencing as soon as the Journal is read,
and that that shall end the debate on the
subject.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make one sug-
gestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
must ask unanimous consent, as a motion to
adjourn is pending, made by the Senator from
Michigan, who has not withdrawn it. The
Senator from Indiana asks unanimous consent
to make a proposition or a suggestion. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORTON. To print this message would
be a matter of but ordinary respect to the
Executive; but it seems that printing will not
be allowed except upon condition of precipi-
