1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
The SPE A.KER. Is there objection to con-
sidering this bill at this time?
Mr. CLARKE. I object.
HODQHTON AND ONTONAGON RAILROAD.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker'stable
and considered at this time Senate bill No. 232,
to enable the Houghton and Ontonagon Rail-
road Company to make a resurvey of its road.
Mr. Mc&REW. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Houghton and Ontonagon Railroad Company,
a corporation organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Michigan, and upon
which the said State, in pursuance of a joint
resolution of Congress approved May 20, 1868,
has conferred the grants of land made to aid
in the construction of a road from Marquette
to Ontonagon, be authorized to make a resur-
vey and new location of that part of the line
between Marquette and Ontonagon to be con-
structed by said company, provided that the
said company shall be entitled to select and
receive only its complement of lands for each
mile of road constructed and completed, in the
manner required by law, from the alternate
odd-numbered sections of lands belonging to
the United States and within the limits here-
tofore-assigned to said line of road; provided
further, that on the completion of said survey
a map of the new line shall be filed with the
Commissioner of the General Land Office;
and provided further, that said company shall
not be entitled to receive any lands for any
increased length of the new line hereby au-
thorized, and shall only be entitled to receive
its lands conterminous with its line of road as
completed; provided that nothing contained
in the act shall be held to interfere with home-
stead or preemption rights under existing laws.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think such a bill should
be considered by a committee before being
acted upon by the House. I object to its con-
sideration at this time.
LAND GRANTS TO ALABAMA.
Mr. DOX, by unanimous consent, presented
a memorial of the General Assembly of the
State of Alabama to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, asking for a revival of certain land
grants made to the State of Alabama before
the rebellion to aid in the construction of cer-
tain unfinished railroads; which was ordered
to be printed, and to be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands when appointed.
PAY OP ROBERT 0. SOIIENOK.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication
from the Secretary of State :
Department of State,
Washington, April h, 1871.
Sir: The statute of 1851) (vol. 11, chap. 127, p. 55,
Statutes-at-Largc) provides that a diplomatic rep-
resentative of the United States may receive com-
pensation for atimenot exceeding thirty days while
waiting to rcceive instructions. After that time no
compensation can be paid to such officer until he
actually leaves for his post.
The statute of 1852 (vol. 10, chap, 109, p. 100, Stat-
utcs-at-Large) provides that no officer shall receive
compensation tor discharging the duties of another
office.
General Schenck, when about to proceed to his
post, and while waiting here lor mstiuctions, was
directed by the President to remain in Washington
to act as one of the American commissioners in tho
joint high commission uowsittmgin Washington.
The labors of General Schenck in this service are,
to say the least, quite as onerous, and his duties
quito as responsible, as they would be had ho pro-
ceeded to London. But foi theproposal of the Hi itish
Government to organize the commission, he would
have been charged with thesedutiesin London ; and
yet it is impossible, under the existing laws, to ren-
der him f he compensation for them to which he is
justly entitled.
Under these circumstances I venture to suggest
that justice to him calls for such action of Congress
as will either enable the Treasury Department 1 o
continue the payment of his salary while detained
here, or allow him to be paid for his services as com-
missioner trom tho appropriuiion already made by
Congress.
X have the honor to be, sir.yourobedientservant,
HAMILTON FIS1I.
Hon. Jamks G. Blaine,
Speaker of the Home of Representatives.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
reading of the bill, which may be considered
now if there be no objection.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the accounting officers of the Treasury to
pay to Robert C. Scheuck, out of any money
appropriated for the compensation of envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to
Great Britain, his salary as such minister up
to the time when he shall reach his post, not-
withstanding his detention in the United States
to serve as one of the members of a joint com-
mission beyond the thirty days allowed by the
eighth section of the act to regulate the dip-
lomatic and consular systems of the United
States, approved August 18, 1856. But no
payment is to be made to him for his services
as such commissioner.
Mr. DAWES. Does the bill contain any
limitation as to time?
The SPEAKER. All the information which
the Chair has is contained in the communica-
tion which has been read.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me this is a very
proper bill, provided there is some limitation.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Schenck is detained
at the discretion of the President of the United
States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill and com-
munication may be printed.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be printed
in bill form, and the communication will be
printed separately.
HOUNTY LAND VOR SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr, McKlNNEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 327)granting bounty
land to soldiers and sailors who served in the
suppression of the rebellion, and to their
widows and orphan children ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, presented the follow-
ing preamble and resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Ohio; which were read,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed:
Joint resolution instructing tho Senators aiul re-
questing the Representatives in Congress from
the State of Ohio to use their influence to amend
tho homestead laws.
Whereas a large number of officers, musicians, and
privates are so disabled from the effects of wounds
and other disabilities received or contracted while
in tho servico of the United Sta,tos, during tho lato
rebellion, as to be unable to perform physical labor,
and have no means of support other than the small
pension granted by the United Stales, and whereas
the present laws of the United States, granting home-
steads to soldiers upon condition of actual settle-
ment., amounts to apracticai exclusion ot thisdesorv-
ing, helpless class of the dolenders of our country
from obtaining any benefit therefiom: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the General AHHeuibly of the State of
Ohio, That the Sun.i tors ol Ohio he insti ueted, and the
Representatives in Congress be requested, to use their
iulluence to amend the bill now pending before Con-
gress to grant homesteads to soldiers upon actual
settlement, so as to grant, without settlement, one
hundred and sixty acres ot land to such otiicer, mu-
sician, and privatewho having lost an arm or leg, or
both, or who are, on account of other wounds or dis-
ability s leceived or contracted m the service of the
United States and ill the line of duty, during the
lato rebellion, mcapacitatcd trorn performing bodily
labor.
IteHolved, That the Governor be, and is hereby, re-
quested to forward a copy of theforegomg resolution
to each of the Senators and Representatives m Con-
gress from this State at his earliest convenience.
A. J. CUNNINGHAM,
Speaker of the Home oj IZenrebeatatiieH.
J. C. LEE,
Prevalent of the Semite.
Adopted, March 30, 1871.
KNKORCBMKNTOF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being-
called for, the House resumes the considera
tion of House bill No. 320, to enforce die pro-
visions of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the U nited States, and for other
purposes, upoti which the gentleman from Mas-
saehusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, 1 have from
the beginning been an attentive listener to all
this debate, unexampled in duration and ex-
haustive in its character, and I delay for a few
minutes the close of this discussion with no
vain presumption on my part that I can add
at all to the weight of the argument or to the
startling array of facts upon which this action
is based, but solely that I may take my full
share of the responsibility of this hour, not
only as a member of the House called upon to
vote on this measure, but as a member of the
committee that has reported it, so that no
silence of mine may be construed into indiffer-
ence upon this occasion.
I do not rise, sir, to defend the text of
this bill. I recognize in it faults which those
who have the right to claim the honor of its
authorship are quite as ready and willing as
myself to remove by amendments. But 1 am
here, as far as in me lies, to give my support,
and some reasons for it, to the principle upon
which this bill is founded. The rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities of the American citizen,
secured to him under the Constitution of the
United States, are the subject-matter of this
bill. They are not defined in it, and there is
no attempt in it to put limitations upon any of
them ; but whatever they are, however broad
or important, however minute or small, how-
ever estimated by the American citizen him-
self, or by his Legislature, they are in this
law. The purpose of this bill is. if possible,
and if necessary, to render the American
citizen more safe in the enjoyment of those
rights, privileges, and immunities. No subject
for legislation was ever brought before the
American Congress so broad and comprehen-
sive, embracing as it does all other considera-
tions hitherto affecting the life, liberty, and
pursuit of happiness of every citizen of this
Republic. When, sir, by the adoption of the
Constitution in 1789 the American citizen for
tho first time stood forth before the world, his
relations to his Government were so peculiar,
the rights which this Constitution bad secured
to him, the privileges under it which he was
to enjoy, and the immunities which it clothed
him with were so peculiar, that he stood before
the world a wonder and a marvel among all
the nations of the earth and all the subjects
of other Governments in this world.
Sir, in the progress of constitutional liberty,
when, in addition to those privileges and im-
munities thus secured to him, there were added
from time to time, by amendments, others, and
these were augmented, amplified, and secured
and fortified in the buttresses of the Constitu-
tion itself, he hardly comprehended the full
scope and measure of the phrase which appears
in this bill. Let me read, one by one, these
amendments, and ask the House to tell me
when and where and by what chosen phrase
has man been able t.o bring belore the Con-
gress of the country a broader sweep of legis-
lation than my friend has in the bill here. In
addition to the original rights secured to him
in the first article of amendments he had se-
cured the free exercise of his religious belief,
and freedom of speech and of the press. Then
again lie had secured to him the right to keep
and bear arms in his defense. Then, after
that, his home was secured in time of peace
from the presence of a soldier ; and, still fur-
ther, sir, his house, his papers, and his effects
were protected against unreasonable seizure.
Let me read, Mr. Speaker, this article in full:
"The right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreason-
able se.nehcs and ser/.nres, shall notbe violated, and
no warrants shall i.-sue, but upon probable cause,
supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
describing the place to be se.irched, and the persons
or tilings to be seized.'1
Then, again, as it' that were not enough, by
another amendment be was secured against
trial for any alleged offense except it be on the
presentation of a grand jury, and he was pro-
tected against ever giving testimony against
himself. Then, sir, he was guarantied a speedy
trial, and the right to confront every witness
against him. Then in every controversy which
