1871,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
42d Cong.... 1st Sess;
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
Democratic Congresses. After the soldiers
had gone out of the service they did not give
them donations of land on which to settle.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the honorable Sen-
ator inform the Senate of the time when a
Democratic Congress, in respect not only to
bounties, not only to pay while the services
lasted, but in respect of pensions, in money and
pensions otherwise, ever came anywhere near
the tariff of compensation which has been
adopted by the Congress sitting during and
since the war ? I undertake to say there has
been no parallel to it in the history of the Sen-
ator's own country or the history of any other
country or Government that ever existed in
the tide of time.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator is simply mis-
taken. The Democratic Congresses gave dona-
tions of land to all soldiers that ever served in
any war in this country as long as they had the
power to do it. They did not give it to them
upon a contract made to procure their services.
They gave it to them after their services were
performed and they had returned to their home,
and long after. I know perfectly well that
while the war <vas pending, and while it was
difficult to get soldiers, large bounties were
promised and given; but since the war has
been over we have been imploring a modifi
cation even of the homestead act in favor of
the soldier, but without much success, and the
reason for it all has been that?/0M have been
so bountif ul in giving the lands away to rail-
road monopolies you have not had any heart
to give any resting place for the soldier who
fought during the war. When I wrote the
order of which I have spoken 1 presumed that
the .Republic would go on as it always had,
and show its gratitude to its defenders by mak-
ing them donations of the public lands.
Mr. CONKLING. Before we go further
from this point, may I ask the Senator a
question?
Mr. BLAIR. Oh, yes; I am delighted
always to hear the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator a question upon the precise issue be-
tween us, not upon some other issue. It is
whether he says, or means to say, that in any
instance a Democratic Congress, or any other
Congress, speaking now of compensation, of
bounties paid, pensions and provision for sol-
diers, has ever been as liberal as the Congress
of this country during and since the war?
That is the question, not whether they have
given comparatively worthless land-warrants
or not, but whether, taking the whole pro-
vision made for soldiers, there is any instance
in the history of thiscountry or any other (for
I mean to cover all space and time) of an
equally liberal action on the part of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BLAIR. I have answered the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. I have not heard the
Senator answer.
Mr. BLAIR. Of course, as I said, liberal
bounties were given and liberal pay during the
war in order to procure soldiers. It was then
difficult to procure them, there were so many
needed. But when the war was over the grat-
itude of the Government was not evinced by a
Republican Congress to its defenders as it had
been previously evinced by a, Democratic Con-
gress.
Mr. CONKLING. Was it not evinced by a
pension-roll infinitely greater than any other ?
Mr. BLAIR. The Democrats have always
voted pensions. They have never failed to
vote pensions to soldiers.
Mr. CONKLING. Were there ever pen-
sions so liberal in allowance, so liberal in scale
or in amount, as the pensions now ?
Mr. BLAIR. In the nominal amount, prob-
ably not.
Mr. CONKLING. No; but in the real
amount ?
Mr. BLAIR. The value of money is very
different now from what it was then.
Mr. CONKLING. In the real amount?
Mr. BLAIR. I doubt it; but all of these
pensions and bounties were voted for by the
Democrats and we will vote also for the land
donations which you refuse.
Mr. STEWART. Now, will the Senator
allow me to correct him on the public land
question ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir; now I will allow
the Senator from Nevada to correct me.
Mi-. STEWART. The Senator claims that
the soldiers of this war have not been served
equally liberally with the soldiers of other
wars by the Government in regard to this
question of public lands. Now I maintain
that they have been served just twice as
well, and I will state to him the facts. After
former wars warrants were issued to soldiers
to the amount of seventy-three million acres
of lands, giving one hundred and sixty acres
of land to each soldier. The highest estimate
by any Commissioner—and I have seen esti-
mates of several Commissioners on the sub-
ject—of the amount that the soldiers got and
settled is five million acres, and all the rest
went into the hands of speculators.
Mr. BLAIR. I cannot give the gentleman
all my time.
Mr. STEWART. Let me state this. That is
the mode that former legislation took to give
homes to soldiers. In 1860 a homestead law
was passed for everybody, giving every one one
hundred and sixty acres of land, if he would
take it; giving him eighty acres of land within
the railroad grants, if he would go and take it.
This homestead law allows the soldiers as well
as everybody else to take the land; but at the
last session of Congress, in behalf of the sol-
diers, the amount was doubled, so that they
could take one hundred and sixty acres inside
of the railroad grants, at f>2 50 an acre, at the
minimum price.
Mr. BLAIR: I do not care about the Sen-
ator reading that speech of his in favor of
grants to railroad monopolies over again to-
night, and from which I perceive he is now
reading. I understand that question of the
difference between the homestead law and a
donation of lands just about as well as he does,
and am not mystified by his statement. The
homestead law requires a man to go and locate
upon the land and remain there for a certain
length of time, five years, before he can gftt
any title at all. That is not desirable to the
soldier. He can make no sale of any kind
or description of it. Our people, and partic-
ularly those who went through the war, want
to be allowed to go and settle on a piece of
land, put some improvements upon it, realize,
and go elsewhere. Former Congresses have
given a donation of land outright to the sol-
diers, land warrants, upon which they could go
and enter any land in the country anywhere
that was subject to public sale.
Now, sir, I have shown that that was my
object; that was what I had in view at the
time. That of itself has been defeated. Even
if this had been given by the Government, if
the Republicans had been as grateful to the
soldiers, the defenders of the country, as the
Democrats would have been, and given them
a donation of land, they could not and would
not have settled on the land in the South and
been domineered over by negroes. Negro suf-
frage at the South excludes them effectually
from that fertile region, in which they might
have established themselves, and has thus
deprived them of that which would have been
an ample fortune, and has also deprived the
South of these intelligent, enterprising, and
most valuable citizens.
The Senator from Mississippi goes on, and
in the course of his remarks refers to some-
thing that I had said about a certain major
general and a vagrant negro being selected as
Senators from that State; and he says, among
other things:
" In all those attributes which constitute the hon-
orable, high-minded. Christian gentleman Mr. Rev-
els is m no degree the honorable Senator's inferior,
forced to a comparison, I by no means intend a com-
pliment to Mr. Bevels."
We have the best authority in the world for
saying that there is no disputing about tastes.
If a man wants to consort with negroes, I cer-
tainly shall not object, and I do not think
anybody else will object to it; and especially
when, as in this instance, there is so much
reason for it; because I do not suppose that
any other race of people could ever have dis-
covered senatorial timber in that gentleman
except this negro race; and, as Mr. Burke said
of Charles James Fox's coalition, "I am will-
ing now to leave them pigging in the same
truckle-bed."
I am very glad to observe one thing in the
two elaborate responses which the Senator has
made to my remark that the reconstruction laws
were illustrated by his presence in this Chamber.
I am glad to observe that he is not insensible
himself to the attitude in which he is presented
to the country, by the acceptance of that posi-
tion, under the circumstances attending it.
I did not suppose that he or any other per-
son could be insensible of how it would be
regarded. I supposed that he had sufficient
intelligence to know how the world would look
upon a man who, having been appointed mili-
tary commander with power to appoint all the
subordinate officers of the State, the registrars,
the superintendents of election, the judges of
election, to commission all the officers, would
take an election at the hands of such men.
When he could find himself justified in accept-
ing an election at the hands of his own crea-
tures, and sign his own commission and apply
and be admitted a Senator in this body, he
would be much duller than I supposed him to
be if he had not a sensibility which I am very
glad to see he exhibits on this occasion, al-
though my allusions to him were only in the
spirit of an illustiation of these infam'ous laws;
and there can be no more bitter sarcasm upon
republican government than that which is fur-
nished by the attitude of that Senator upon
this floor, elected in the manner in which he
was elected from the State of Mississippi, it
was an unparalleled outrage, an unmitigated
outrage upon the people of the State, and a
flagrant outrage upon all the people of this
country. At the same time I will say that I
have quite as much respect for the Senator
from Mississippi as I have for any of the Sen-
ators who voted for his admission here.
There are some other remarks which I had
intended to make to-night, but the hour is so
late and I dislike so much to keep my fiiend
from New York out of bed 
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the honorable
Senator does not find any want of patience in
us. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. No, I observe that the Sen-
ator is quite patient, for which he has ray
thanks. But it is late, and I will not detain
the Senate.
Enforcement of Fourteenth Amendment.
SPEECH OF HON. T. F. BAYARD,
OF DELAWAKE,
Jx the Uxited States Sexate,
April 12, 1871.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(II. E. No. 320) to enforce the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes-
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President: I desire to to the
Senate and to the country some remarks in
