240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
opposition to the bill now under considera-
tion, because I believe that it is an attempt to
put in the formal shape of a law ideas utterly
inconsistent with all theories of oar Govern-
ment heretofore entertained. The origin of
such a bill I can only conceive in " the un-
written constitution," which was announced
the other day to form a part of the law of this
land and a guide for the feet of those who
legislate for it. The "higher law" we heard
of in other times. The "higher law" was a
refuge for men when the laws of the land bore
unpleasantly upon their prejudices or passions,
and they fled to a law of their own creation,
and their own will was the only limit to it. It
seems to me that this proposition of an " un-
written constitution" advanced by the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Frbunghuysen] the
other day is far more dangerous than the other
proposition of a "higher law" which enabled
individuals to shirk their obligations as citi-
zens living under a Government of laws, a
written Constitution, and resort at their pleas-
ure or convenience to some secret1' unwritten"
constitution known to the Senator from New
Jersev [Mr. Fremnghuysen] and his party
associates.
Before discussing the features of this bill
and exhibiting, as I trust 1 shall be enabled to
do, that it is directly in conflict with the let-
ter and the spirit and the structure of the Fed-
eral Constitution, 1 propose to consider for an
instant the circumstances which have been
supposed to justify it.
The Senate passed a resolution, against my
vote and the votes of those with whom I act
in this body, declaring that it was impossible to
meet the alleged lawlessness in the southern
Stales by the ordinary processes of law. They
came to that conclusion without proof; for,
although there had been a committee raised in
this body and testimony had been adduced
before it, it applied to but a single State, and
no evidence in regard to any other State save
thatol'North Carolina has been adduced before
this Senate that would warrant the holding to
bail ofthehumblestcitizen charged with offense
against the law.s. $Ieve assertions without
proof', wild, reckless statements, whether made
by Senators on this floor or elsewhere, do not
rise to the dignity of accusations, nor of evi-
dence, The Congress of the United States
has no right to consider facts as proven which
are wildly asserted, because we have contra-
dictions much more veritable and authentic
and from sources entitled to more weight,
because they certainly have more knowledge
and means of knowledge whereof they speak.
Against the hostile and reckless declarations
of the Senator from Mississippi [.Mr. Auks J I
will oppose the declarations of the Governor
of that State, Sir. Alcorn, a man who has lived
long in that State, and who to-day has far bet-
ter opportunities of information than that Sen-
ator can possibly have upon the subject whereof
he spoke. Granting them equality in point of
ability to judge, their means of information are
very unequal; and the inferiority of the Sen-
ator's means must be confessed, because his
station has been here at Washington, and the
Governor of that State can and does speak of
things necessarily directly under his official
and personal supervision. And so of the other
southern Slates. The Governor of N orth Caro-
lina, or he who was the Governor until im-
peached and removed by his people, has given
his denial, as late as November, 1870, to any
such statement as would warrant, the interpo
sition of Congtess by this bill; of Georgia, the
same; of South Carolina, the same, although
1 believe since there has been a claim, on his
part, that disorders do exist in that State.
However, having submitted to the Senate
and the country heretofore my views oti the
result of the so called investigation of the
affairs of North Carolina) I do not propose to
recapitulate them, but simply, most candidly
and deliberately, to say that I was utterly
astounded when I found that the committee for
the investigation of the affairs of North Caro-
lina had decided to report, and still more when
I saw the report of the majority. Sir, I con-
sidered, and consider to-day, and I should be
willing to submit it to any intelligent man ac-
customed to weigh testimony, that the attempt
to fasten upon North Carolina the stain of
anarchy by the majority of that committee has
utterly failed upon the basis of the testimony
adduced. I was amazed that the testimony
taken before us was not accepted as a com-
plete failure to produce such a result as the
report of that committee contains.
I was astonished that the President of the
United States, with the reports of his own
military officers before him, all of them tend-
ing to one result, should yet have considered
that he had a right to call upon the Congress
of the United States to endow him with extraor-
dinary powers to meet the emergencies which
he declared there existed. The testimony of
all those officers as with one voice was that the
people of that State needed only to be left
alone, to be saved from the lawless interference
by their Governor to destroy the fundamental
laws of their State and plunge them in hope-
less debt and ruin.
The district judge of the United States and
tho late marshal of the United States for that
State came here. Their testimony is before
the Senate; but, as I say, I do not propose to
reconsider it.
The people of that State, however, were in
a condition bordering upon despair, arising
from the condition of debt into which the State
had been brought and the utter recklessness
in regard to all constitutional limitation which
their then rulers had inspired.
But, sir, all that has changed. North Caro-
lina by the processes of law has passed from
out of tho hands of those officials who had so
stained her fair fame and had so violated their
official trusts. At this day and at this hour
there is, and tho people of this country must
know it, us complete peace within her borders
as in any State of this Union. Therefore there
is, as I say, no just pretext for such action as
is now proposed by Congress.
Why, Mr. President, does not the agricul-
tural condition of the southern country give
the lie to all these allegations of anarchy?
Look at the report of your Secretary of the
Treasury submitted in December, 1870. Re-
viewing the condition of this country he used
these words:
"It is tho occasion of satisfaction that no other
nation overpassed through a groat war with so slight
a shock to industry and business. Specific informa-
tion unci general intelligence from various parts of
tho United States show that all classes, and espe-
cially tho laboring classes, are in the enjoyment of
more than average prosperity, whether tested by
tho experience of this country or by tho present
condition of other nations."
If there was anarchy in the South, is it pos-
sible that this official, who has deputies resid-
ing in every nook and corner of the United
States, who has more statistical information
than any or all the other officers of our Gov-
ernment put together, would aver in December
last that "specific information and general
intelligence from various parts of the United
States show that all classes, and especially the
laboring classes, are in the enjoyment of more
than average prosperity?" We know that to
be true. The cotton crop of the southern
States of the present year will, as we are cred-
ibly informed, nearly equal that of any pre-
vious year. That could not be so if the south-
ern States were in a condition of anarchy.
Here is the report of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, Mr. Delano, made at the begin-
ning of the last session of Congress. In this
report he gives detailed statistics of the revenue
of each State, county, and district. From first
to last there is not an allegation in this report
that there has ever been at any time any seri-
ous inconvenience in the collection of the rev-
enues of the United States. If there has been
any, it has been in the northern States. You
have had need of more soldiers in the single
city of Brooklyn, the "city of churches," to
collect your revenue than in the eleven States
now arraigned before the bar of public opinion.
On the fourth page of his' report, Mr. Delano
says:
"Tho steady and regularly increasing revenue for
1870 is more fully shown by the following statement
of receipts from the same sources for years prior to
that time."
Whatdoes this signify? If prosperity awaits
your laboring classes, if your revenue is col-
lected without interference, if this prosperity
does exist, what a commentary it is upon these
charges of anarchy, of disorder, of lawless-
ness 1 Why, sir, it is a complete refutation
of them. Property and prosperity cannot exist
in a country where there is such a condition
of affairs as is described. Where human life
is so unsafe human property will be worth-
less. There must be a sense ot'security, other-
wise property itself will diminish. And here
before the American people I appeal to tho
testimony of their officials most competent to
speak of the financial, agricultural, and all the
material interests of the nation as an answer to
the assertion that there exists in any portion of
the country organized bands who are too strong
for this laws of the States where they operate.
Mr. President, the revolution of a govern-
ment can be accomplished in various ways.
If it has to be done, perhaps the open and
avowed assault by force is preferable, because
then the people can see what is coming and can-
not mistake the results. But another method
of revolutionizing a written constitution, by
the forms of law professedly passed under it,
is equally fatal, and far more to be dreaded.
The debates in this Chamber since this bill
was introduced, aud the bill itself, show that
it is sought to change the frame of our Gov-
ernment from a confederation of States to a
consolidated imperial power by interpretation,
by the interpretation of words and the impli-
cation of language which confessedly at the
time of its adoption were never intended to
work such results. Yes, sir; it is under cover
of the forms of law that our Government is
now sought to be utterly revolutionized.
Mr. President, the liberty of the American
people which was sought to be secured by
their written charter of government had one
of its best guarantees in the doctrine of the
subdivision of powers. It was the combina-
tion of the powers that rendered liberty inse-
cure. It was the separation and division of
powers that made the citizen safe in- his per-
son and property. The most dangerous com-
bination of powers, the two branches of our
Government whose coalition is most to be
dreaded, is most opposed to the liberty of the
citizen, is the coalition <of the executive and
legislative branches. The judicial branch is
comparatively weak. The legislative is the
most powerful, and when it shall coalesce with
the executive, then it is that the danger to the
liberties of the citizen is most imminent. Mr.
Madison said, in his report on the Virginia
resolutions :
" It has become an axiom of the science of gov-
ernment that a separation of tho legislative and
executive departments is necessary to the preserva-
tion of public liberty. Nowhere has this axiom
been better understood in theory or moie carefully
pursued in practice than in the United States,"
The bill now under consideration is open to
objection on that ground, because by section
three the power is given to the President of
the United States, in his discretion, to declare
the existence of certain faels that shall author-
ize him not only to use the Army and Navy
of the United States in suppression of alleged
