1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
against her people are the very surest means
that could possibly be adopted to utterly defeat
their object, and therefore to increase greatly
the majority against them; and, if I did not
value the Constitution of our common country
and the liberties of the people as far above
party, I should witness without regret this
wreckless, wicked, and unconstitutional legis-
lation.
Sir, I undertake to say that this bill puts
on trial, so to speak, the Constitution of the
United States; that in its monstrous provis-
ions it, in effect, annihilates the States of this
Union, and if passed and practically carried
out it will overthrow the liberties of the people
of all the States of this Republic. 1 do not
say that the President of the United States,
though the chosen head of his party, is the
leaderin this wicked, continued raid upon pub-
lic liberty; for although the conquering chief-
tain in the late unfortuuate internecine war,
yet he exhibited to the admiration of the
civilized world the grandest attributes of the
true hero—generosity and kindness to con-
quered but brave and noble foes, when they
grounded their arms and returned in good
faith to their allegiance to their country.
But, sir, the Executive may have evil coun-
selors; ay, sir, he has not only here at the
seat of Government, but at the South and in
my own State, men who, claiming more ac-
quaintance with civil affairs than himself, are
assiduously plying him and poisoning, per-
haps, his mind, against the true friends of lib-
erty aud law and order. Be this as it may, I
assert on this floor, to the people of North
Carolina and to the country, that the issue is
now being made up in these United States
(and this bill but supplements and proves the
truth of the assertion) between constitutional
liberty and a military despotism ; and the coun-
try must array itself on one side or the other.
The great State of North Carolina, maligned,
abused, and basely slandered as she has been,
stands as of old for public rights, and firmly
plants herself on the side of liberty and law,
of right and justice.
Mr. Speaker, the unconstitutionality of this
bill has been ably argued and conclusively
shown by the distinguished gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kerr] aud others. The force and
conclusiveness of their arguments have not
been weakened, in my judgment, by any speech
from the other side of this House; and 1 call the
attention of the country to these able speeches.
Why, Mr. Speaker, this bill establishes, as
every fair-minded man must see, executive
irresponsibility in the fullest sense of the term.
All the powers of the Government, if this bill
pass unamended, will be absorbed in the hands
of one man; and all history, with fatal uni-
formity, shows that the constant tendency of
power is to steal from the many to the few,
and where functions belonging to one depart-
ment are either permitted to be exercised or
are usurped by another coordinate department,
that this in itself is a long and most dangerous
stride toward despotism. And, sir, every mem-
ber of this Congress knows, and the country
will know, that the parallel and analogy is
precisely found in this bill.
Sir, what right has Congress, and that, too,
in time of profound peace, to delegate to the
President, not merely to say when insurrec-
tion or war exists, but also to declare a State
in insurrection and proclaim martial law—sus-
pend at his will and pleasure the privilege of
the great writ .of habeas corpus t Sir, if the
legal principle of delegatus non delegare holds
good, as it does, where matters of even little
importance are involved, how much more so
in that most delicate question and great in-
alienable right, the liberty of the citizen ? No,
sir; the law learning of the country will de-
clare against the constitutionality of it, and the
plain sense of her free people will indignantly
denounce it, and will, ere iong, rebuke and
repudiate alike the men and the devices by
which they are now threatened with enslave-
ment. Yes, sir, this bill proposes to delegate
to the President the power to suspend the
sacred writ of habeas corpus; thus surrender-
ing this great and delicate power with which
they are invested, and thereby transforming
the President of the United States into a dic-
tator, and entirely destroying the sovereignty
of the States. This is a grant of power with-
out authority of law, that the Father of his
Country never would have allowed himself to
have been invested with—a power he never
should have been invested with.
Why, sir, according to my recollection, the
writ of habeas corpus has been suspended in
England but three times in one hundred and
fifty years, and then by Parliament, and with
limitation on the power conferred so as to pro-
tect the subject; has never been suspended in
this nation bat once since the formation of the
Government, and in that instance by Congress,
and not by the President in virtue of any au-
thority supposed to be delegated to him by
Congress. This was done by Congress in 1863,
during the most fearful struggle of the late re-
bellion. And now, sir, Congress, in a time of
profound peace, without law or constitutional
authority, without a precedent in the history
of the nation frcrm its foundation, assumes the
right to delegate this tremendous power to the
Presidentof the United States; fearful power
to be placed by freemen in the hands of any
man on earth! Sir, as an American citizen, as
a North Carolinian, proud of my native State
and loving her people—living as I do in the
exercise and enjoyment of civil, political, and
religious liberty, I solemnly declare herein my
place, on the floor of the American Congress,
that God never made any one man that 1 would
trust with such a high prerogative, or into whose
hands I would place such despotic power—
never 1
But, Mr. Speaker, I come now to some of
the circumstances of the origin of this bill, and
the arguments used in its favor, as it appears
to be in a large degree aimed at North Caro-
lina and at the noble people of my own dis-
trict—a people dear to me, for a portion of
them have trusted me with their public inter-
ests for many years, and returned me to office
again and again by overwhelming majorities,
and they expect me to plead their cause and
demand their rights in the language of truth
and soberness. .
Sir, in North Carolina we have been cursed
with an administration of the State government
without a parallel for stupidity, recklessness,
and corruption ; which has songhtand still seeks
to perpetuate its ascendency by busy slanders
of our people. Instead of defending the good
name of the State, whose honor they have in
trust, many of our office-holders there, and I
am sorry to add some of our men in higher
places, have leagued themselves with those who
are willing to make political capital by manu-
facturing and publishing to the world the gross-
est and most unblushing falsehoods, to her
discredit.
Our people are unfortunate to a degree that
ought to excite sympathy and commiseration
here, instead of indifference or hate, in that
many of their public servants are their worst
enemies, and are willing to thrive by the injury
of their State. History has seldom presented
such a spectacle. They have destroyed the
credit of the State and well-nigh bankrupted
the people, fixed a debt of nearly twenty mil-
lion dollars upon her people, and an immense
tax, too grievous to be borne, which the people
can never pay; and all this immense debt with
less than half a million expended for her ben-
efit. They have placed upon the bench judges
both stupid and corrupt. Now, sir, when will
our countrymen of the North learn to contemn
the stories of these shameless slanderers?
When will the honest and intelligent people
of the North be able to see, what is so manifest,
that these wonderful tales of outrage and hor-
ror are almost entirely base falsehoods, man-
ufactured by unscrupulous politicians for the
purpose of " arousing the northern mind and
firing the northern heart," all for party and
personal aggrandizement?
Why, sir, after the most searching investi-
gation on the part of the respondent, Gov-
ernor Holden,in the recent impeachment, trial
at Raleigh, not a single case of what is com-
ing to be technically denominated "outrage"
was shown to have occurred in the counties of
Alamance and Caswell, the counties and local-
ities where such things are mainly charged
to exist, not a single outrage for more than
ten months past; but, on the contrary, all such
disorders and crimes—and there were unfor-
tunately a number in these counties—were dis-
tinctly proven to have wholly ceased there at
least two months prior to the occupation of
those counties by the Holden-Kirk troops.
And let it be remembered those counties are
but little more than forty miles from Kaleigh,
thus affording on that trial every facdity of
obtaining all the evidence touching on such
outrages ; and let it be also remembered that
even the evidence as to the time of the com-
mission of these alleged offenses, taken before
the Senate of this body—one-sided testimony,
taken with closed doors, and gotten up for the
wicked occasion, for party capital—substan-
tially corroborates that taken, so much fairer
and fuller, at Raleigh.
It was further in proof, and notcontroverted,
(I know the truth of what I say, for the testi-
mony was printed and I haveit,,) that an organ-
ization known as the White Brotherhood had
once existed in Alamance, (but no proof of
any in Caswell,) and that upon the passage of
an act of the Assembly making it a crime to
go masked or disguised, a meeting of the chiefs
of the White Brotherhood was held, and that
organization was formally dissolved in April,
1870. It was further shown that every act
committed by disguised men after that time
was committed without any countenance of
any secret society, and solely by improvised
squads of both parties and both races, of the
character of vigilance committees, and that
even these had entirely ended there since
April, 1870. And, sir, not a particle of evi-
dence was produced there, or has been here,
to raise even a suspicion that any man of note
or prominence, either there or in any part of
the State, ever, at any time, had given the
slightest countenance or approval to these
wicked acts and disorders.
It is unnecessary for me to say that! utterly
condemn all such violations of the law, and
that I deprecated and denounced them on
every stump during my canvass with as much
vehemence as did my able competitor; and
yet, in the miserable partisanship, aud one-
sided testimony taken before the Senate com-
mittee my name is not mentioned as having
denounced lawlessness and outrage, and as
having urged the people everywhere to encour-
age by their voice, and aid by their influence
the maintenance of the supremacy of the laws,
as well as the cultivation of kind feeling for
and generous conduct toward the colored
race; and I undertake to say, right, here, in
this connection, that such is the feeling aud
conduct of the white toward the colored peo-
ple of the State, notwithstanding the ineffable
meanness of bad men, both natives and north-
ern men, to inflame their passions and excite
their feelings against their former owners and
best friends.
Sir, they are daily discovering this, and are
returning in thousands to their former homes
and settling upon the land3 they formerly
cultivated. And m my district I have never
known or heard of one instance of attempts
by their employers to influence their votes—
not one. They are a kind, docile, grateful,
confiding people, and the man who would seek
to deceive or mislead them, whether native or
" carpet-bagger," is a bad man. And yet
this has often been done by these bad, design-
ing men, to the injury and prejudice of the col
ored man. Generally they vote Republican ;
