242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Senate .
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....1st Sess.
The people might as well know at once that if
the power proposed by this bill can be exer-
cised by the President of the United States
they will have a Government totally different
in its results, in its character, in its theory,^ in
its practice, from anything that has heretofore
been understood to be the Government of the
American people.
Wherever it is intended that^ Congress shall
exercise exclusive power it is very plainly
stated in the Constitution. Where it was in-
tended that the Congress of the United States
should exercise exclusive legislation over any
part of the United States, it was so expressed ;
for in that same eighth section of the first arti-
cle they were authorized—
"To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases
whatsoever over such district (not exceeding: ton
milos square) as may. by cession of particular btatcs,
and the acceptance of Congress, become the sent ot
the Government of the United States; and to exor-
cise like authority over all places purchased by tho
consent of tho Legislature of tho State in which tho
samo shall be, tor tho erection of forts, magazines,
arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful buildings.
How has that been recognized? Here in
the District of Columbia, in dock-yards, in
arsenals, in fortresses, the title to which has
been ceded to the United States with the con-
sent of the State, the legislation is exclusive.
A State cannot try a man for any offense against
her laws which may bo committed within the
precincts of the land conveyed to the United
States. A man who commits murder in a Gov-
ernment barracks, or in a fort, or in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, cannot bo tried by State
authority. Why? Because offenses commit-
ted in such places are exclusively within the
jurisdiction of the United States. Congress
alone can punish them. Just so in regard to
legislation for the Territories of the United
States. In the second clause of tho third sec-
tion of" the fourth article it is provided that—
" Tho Congress shall have power to dispose of and
mako all needful rules ami regulations respecting
tho territory or other property belonging to tho
United States; and nothingin this Constitution .shall
be so construed as to prejudioe any claims of tho
United States*, or of any particular State."
There was tho delegation to Congress,
carved out of the usual grant of power to the
States, that they should regulate the affairs of
the Territories. So that there is no excuse ;
these expressions of delegated power to Con-
gress, of themselves and by the necessary rules
of construction, exclude the grant to legislate
within the States except as to those matters
enumerated in the grants of power to Congress
for general and national purposes.
But, Mr. President, it is now alleged that
this power to completely change the relations
of the States to their own internal affairs is
derived from the language of the fourteenth
amendment. It is claimed that the language
there used has reversed the entire meaning of
all the provisions that preceded it, and has
revolutionized the relations of tho General
Government to the domestic affairs of the
States. Let us see the language on which this
claim is based. The first section of that
amendment is:
"All persons born or naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of tho United States and ot the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of tho United States; nor shall any State
deprive any poison of lifo, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of tho
laws."
It can hardly be claimed that there is any
affirmative grant of power to Congress in this
language. If the power is to be found or to
be extracted, it must be by implication from
the words used ; and how are you to interpret
the provisions ofthe Constitution of the United
States? Certainly not by taking each section
Jjy itself; it must be by a rational, a fair
method, and giving to each provision of the
Constitution its due and relative force. It can-
not be that an implied power to Congress_ is
to override a distinct and affirmative inhibition
of power to Congress; it cannot be that, the
restrictions upon the Federal power, so affirm-
atively stated in the first ten amendments of
the Constitution, are to be overridden and com-
pletely destroyed by the implications of this
fourteenth amendment. It not only is against
thfe fair weight and force of interpretation of
language, but it is directly in the teeth of the
very meaning ofthe instrument; the very soul
and character of the Government itself would
be changed by it.
There were ten amendments adopted just
after the ratification of the Constitution of the
United States ; and indeed you may call them
conditions-subsequent; but it was on tbe faith
of these amendments to the Constitution alone
that it became the law of nine States. The
history of those ten amendments, which it is
now proposed entirely to reverse and nullify
by the implications of the fourteenth amend-
ment, is very well stated by the Supreme Court
of the United States in the case of Withers vs.
Buckley et al, to be found in 20 Howard. The
court there state:
"To every person acquainted with tho history of
the Inderal Government, it is familiarly known that
the ten amendments first ingrafted upon the Con-
stitution had their origin in the apprehension that,
in the investment of powers made by that instrument
ill tho Federal Government, tho safety of tho States
and their citizens had riot boon sufficiently guarded;
that from this apprehension arose the chief opposi-
tion shown to the adoption of the Constitution; that
in order to remove tho cause of this apprehension,
and to effect that security which it was teased tho
origiual instrument had failed to accomplish, twelve
articles of amendment were proposed at the first
session of tho First Congress, and the first ten articles
in the existing scries of amendments were adopted
and ratilied by Congress ami by the States, two of th o
twelve proposed amendments having been rejected.
Tho amendments thus adopted wore designed to be
modilioations of tho powers vested in the Federal
Government, and their languago is ausceptiblo of
no other rational, literal, or verbal acceptation. In
this acceptation this court has repeatedly and uni-
formly expounded those amendments, in eases hav-
ing referenoo to retroactive statutes, to the right of
eminent domain, to the execution of plans for inter-
nal improvement; in opposition to which tho clause
in the iifth article of tho amendments ofthe ponsti-
tution lias boon urged. In all sueli cases this court
has rulod that tho clause ill question was applicable
to tho Federal Government alone, and not to the
States, except so far as it was designed for thoir
security agaanst Federal power. Indeed, so full, so
emphatic, and conclusive is tho doctrinoi ot this
court, as promulged by the laf.o Chief Justice Mar-
shall in tho oaso of Baron vs. Tho Mayor and City
Council of Baltimore, (7 I'eters, pages 217-48,) that
it would soem to require nothing less than an effort
to unsettlo tho most deliberate and best-oonsidored
conclusions of tho court to attempt to shake or dis-
turb that doctrine."
The court then proceeds to give extracts
from Chief Justice Marshall's opinion in that
case, and says:
" In almost every convention in which the Consti-
tution was adopted amendments to guard against
abuse of power wore recommended. These amend-
ments demanded security against tho apprehended
encroachments of tho General Government, not
against those of tho local governments."—20 How-
ard* 8 Reports, pages 89-91.
Now, it is worth while for us to consider what
those amendments were. The first was that—
" Congress shall mako no law respecting an estab-
lishment ot religion, or prohibiting the tree exercise
thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech or ofthe
press, or the right of tho people peaceably to assem-
ble and to petition tho Government for a redress of
grievances."
The second article:
" A well-regulated militia being necessary to the
security of a tree State, the right of the people to
keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."
The third:
"No soldier shall, in time of peace, be quartered
in any house without tho consent ofthe owner ; nor
in time of war, but in a manner to he prescribed by
law."
The fourth article provided that—
"The right ofthe people to bo secure in'their
persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unrea-
sonable Searches and seizures, shall not be violated;
andno warrants shall issue but upon probablecause,
supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
describing the place to be searched and the persons
or things to be seized."
The fifth article provided that—
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury, except in eases
arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia,
when in actual service in time of war or public
danger, nor shall any person " *
"be deprived of life, liberty, orproperty without due
process of law, nor shall private property be taken
for public use, without just compensation."
The ninth article declared that— -
" The enumeration in the Constitution of certain
rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage
others retained by the people."
And the tenth article that—
" The powers not delegated to the "United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people."
Now, Mr. President, can it be that these
restrictions upon the power of Congress, so
distinctly affirmed, are in any degree to be
weakened by the implications of what I con-
sider a mere recital in the first lines of the
fourteenth amendment? What is meant by
the language that "all persons born or natu-
ralized in the United States, and subject to the
jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United
States and of the State wherein they reside?"
Did that article change the citizenship of the
United States? Certainly not. Citizenship
of the United States was recognized from the
very foundation of our Government. The
Constitution itself speaks of it in half a dozen
different places. In the requirements for elec-
tion to this body one of the qualifications is
citizenship of nine years ; to the other House,
of seven years. The Constitution, in the sec-
ond section of the fourth article, declares that
"tho citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States." The same language, "priv-
ileges and immunitities," is carried into the
fourteenth article of amendments. What, then,
was the effect of that fourteenth article ? What
was its intention ? Under our system of gov-
ernment there had been a difference among
the States as to the construction of " citizen-
ship." It was questions arising out of the
late condition of the African race in this coun-
try that produced all these differences and dis-
sensions. The Supreme Court of the United
States had recognized the fact that persons of
African descent could not become citizens of
the United States so as to entitle them in all
the States to immunities and privileges, though
they never did impugn the fact that each State
had the right to make them citizens of its own
municipality. Therefore, the man of color
who might bo a citizen of the State of Massa-
chusetts could not under the laws of South
Carolina be a citizen of that State; nor was
he, within the meaning of the Constitution, as
interpreted by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, such a person as was entitled to all
the privileges and immunities of citizens of
South Carolina. The difficulty grew out of
the question of race and of the relation of the
inferior to the dominant race in this country.
All that has now been changed. The war
changed it. The stern " logic of events" has
changed it beyond all doubt or peradventure.
The Constitution of the United States has
completely changed it; an amendment ratified
solemnly and in a binding manner upon all
the people of this country. That difficulty
removed, what was the effect and object and
intent of stating that all persons born in I he
United States were citizens ? It was that all dis-
tinctions theretofore arising from the question
of race and the relation of races as to citizen-
ship should be at an end; and the only im-
plication lhat can be derived from this lan-
guage ofthe fourteenth amendment is that the
class of citizens was enlarged, enlarged by the
infusion of those who had theretofore been
excluded from citizenship; that was all. You
enlarged the class, but you did not enlarge the
rights of those included in it. The "immnn-
