1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
481
beyond measure; for their last refuge, the
temple of justice, seemed no longer open to
them. But just then a Federal judge, sitting
tinder the sacred sagisof the "old flag," came
to the rescue, enforced the writ of habeas cor-
pus, and delivered the Governor's and Kirk's
prisoners from their unlawful detention and
from his threats of trial by military com-
mission. Could you have heard the universal
outburst of gladness and gratitude for this
timely interposition of the Federal power on
the side of protection—and not, as usual, per-
secution—could you have seen, as many did
see, battle-scarred veterans embrace the old
flag of the Union, and out of full hearts swear
anew eternal allegiance and devotion to the
United States, could you have witnessed
these things, you would have found the key
that would solve all this perplexing riddle of
reconstruction and rehabilitation.
Sir, you would have learned that one hour
of hearty forgiveness and true kindness, of
generous sympathy, of universal amnesty,
would do more to set things right in the South
than whole ages of iron rule and a million of
bayonets. Alas, that this body cannot see
these things as they really are, not as party
men, but in the interests of truth and justice,
and then, in the exercise of an enlarged states-
manship, comprehending the whole country,
legislate accordingly! Then would harmony
and peace prevail throughout all this great
Union. Then would the legislation of Con-
gress be directed to the material interests of
the country, the modification of a burdensome
tariff, the investigation of abuses, with the
proper remedies applied, the reduction of the
annual expenditures of the Government, and
the general welfare and prosperity of the whole
country. Then would this nation, with its
Constitution unimpaired, start anew on its
grand march to a yet greater prosperity aud
higher civilization, with its destiny unfulfilled
and its glories undimmed—-
" When gems and monuments and crowns
Are moidered into dust."
[During the delivery of the foregoing speech
the tea minutes allowed under the rule expired,
when Mr. Niblack obtained the floor and
yielded his time to Mr. Leach to enable the
latter to conclude his remarks.]
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker,
if I understand the substitute which has been
presented this morning by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] the constitutional
question presented by the original bill is still
before the House in the substitute.
Mr. Speaker, it is not often that Congress
is called on to discuss and act with reference
to a question of greater importance than that
involved in the bill now before the House.
The qflestion is directly presented whether
or not Congress possesses the constitutional
power to enact laws securing to the citizens
in a State the equal protection of the laws,
where the State fails to do so through inability
to execute the laws, or refuses to enact laws
to that end, or enacts laws making unjust dis-
criminations for or against any persons within
its jurisdiction.
While all just men will regret the existence
of the evils which have forced this discussion
upon Congress, it is perhaps well that the ques-
tion has arisen, for if it be true thaUhis Federal
Government is powerless to protect its citizens
against vicious, partial, discriminating legisla-
tion by a State ; if it be true that a State can
willfully withhold the execution of her laws with
reference to the protection of particular indi-
viduals or a particular class of individuals; if
it be true that when a State by the intimidation
of the authorities, or the corruption of courts,
or juries, or witnesses, cannot secure to all
persona the equal protection of the laws; if it
be true that under any of these circumstances
Congress has no power to enact a law by which
the citizen may be protected, it is time that
the country should know it. If in the creation
of this Government, and the formation of the
42d Cong, 1st Sess.—No. 31.
Constitution, and with all the fifteen amend-
ments that have been added to the original, we
still have a Government powerless to defend
its own citizens upon its own soil against out-
rage and lawlessness, we ought to know it now,
and we cannot know it too soon,
We have found the Government strong
enough to protect a citizen, whether a citizen
" to the manner born" or a citizen by adop-
tion, when in foreign lands. Is it strong enough
to protect him upon its own soil ? That is the
question presented by this bill, and it is a
question that must be met, not by invective
and denunciation such as that indulged in by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
but it must be met by fair and candid argu-
ment. If violent declamation and inflamma-
tory appeals would suffice to defeat important
legislation we would to-day have neither Con-
stitution nor Government of the United States,
for there has been no great measure of states-
manship within the last ten years looking to
their perpetuity that has not met with like
opposition, not only on this floor, but on the
stump throughout the length and breadth of
the land.
Two reasons are urged by the opponents of
this measure why it shall not become a law :
first, that its enactment is not within the con-
stitutional power of Congress; and secondly, it
is said that there is no occasion for such legis-
lation.
The gentleman from Kentucky, with an air
of triumph, put the question to the friends of
this measure, " What authority can be found
in the Constitution to warrant the provisions
of any section of this bill?" And the same
question is, in substance, propounded by my
colleague, [Mr. Kerr.] As one of the friends
of the bill I propose to show wherein I believe
the Constitution warrants each and every sec-
tion of it, and to point out the fallacy of the
argument of my colleague.
My colleague has relieved this question from
any argument as to the legitimacy of the adop-
tion of the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
articles of amendments. He admits that these
three articles are a part of the Constitution,
and I claim that these three articles confer
full and complete authority to pass such a
law. He has based his whole argument upon
the supposed analogies between the provisions
of these articles and provisions of like char-
acter to be found in the original Constitution
and the amendments preceding these three.
If I can show that the analogies are not com-
plete then his whole argument must fall to the
ground. I will take one that he has used.
He quotes section ten of article one of the
Constitution, as follows;
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation ; grant letters of inarnue and reprisal;
com money; emit bills of credit; make anything but
gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts;
pass any bill of attainder, ex poet facto law, or law
impairing the obligation of contracts, or grant any
title of nobility."
And he refers to and quotes other provisions
of the original Constitution, which he claims
are mere limitations upon the power of the
States. And then, if I understand his argu-
ment, he claims that under those provisions
it never was pretended that Congress had the
power, by enactment, to enforce these provis-
ions of limitation, but that their enforcement
was left wholly to the courts; and that, there-
fore, the provision of the fourteenth article of
amendments, that "no State shall make or
enforce any law which shall abridge the privi-
leges or immunities of citizens of the United
States," &c., is also a mere limitation upon
the powers of the State, and not a grant of
power to Congress, and consequently cannot
be enforced by congressional legislation. This
is a plausible argument, but it is utterly un-
sound.
If it be true that it cannot be pretended that
Congress had the power to enforce those pro-
visions of limitation in the original Constitu-
tion, (and for the purposes of this discussion I
may safely admit it,) it is because the powers
of Congress were specifically defined, and the
power to enforce these limitations upon tha
powers of a State was not embraced within
these specified powers of Congress. The fram-
ers of the original Constitution were content,
according to the theory of my colleague, to
impose the limitations, but! gave no power to
Congress to enforce them.
But is that the case with reference to the
so-called limitations found in the fourteenth
and fifteenth articles of amendments? No, sir;
because it ia expressly provided that " Con-
gress shall have power to enforce the pro-
vision's of these articles by appropriate legisla-
tion." The first section of the fourteenth arti-
cle contains these limitations, if my colleague
will call them by that name, namely:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizeM
of the United States; nor shall any State deprivo
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law, nor deny to any person the eaual
protection of the laws."
And the first section of the fifteenth article
provides that—
" The right of citizens of tho United States to vote
shall not bo abridgod by any State on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude."
And the fifth section of the fourteenth arti-
cle provides that Congress shall have power
to enforce the provisions of that article, and
the second section of the fifteenth article con-
tains the same provision with reference to that
article. There is, therefore, no analogy be-
tween the two cases, and consequently an
argument based upon a supposed or assumed,
analogy is unsound and without force.
Now, sir, the friends of this measure having
been challenged to show any warrant for it in
the Constitution, I want to examine it a little.
A great deal of what has been said on the
other side has been predicated upon misstate-
ments of its provisions. Gentlemen on the
other side state, through a misconception of it,
what it is not for what it is, and argue from
this false basis against it. The first section
provides in substance that if any person, under
color of any State law, &c., shall deprive any
other person of any of the rights, privileges, or
immunities secured to him by the first section
of the fourteenth article of amendments, the
person so doing shall be liable to the party
thus injured in an action at law.
What are the privileges and immunities
secured by this first section of the fourteenth
article ? The language is:
"No State shall mako or enforce any law which
shall abridgo tho privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within -its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.''
Now, sir, the right to freedom or immunity
from slavery or involuntary servitude is a con-
stitutional right of all citizens of the United
States. The privilege of the ballot, without
regard to race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, is also secured to citizens of the
United States by the Constitution. Under the
Constitution any citizen of one State may make
himself a citizen of another State by becom-
ing a resident thereof. There are fundamental
rights or privileges, and no State has any
right by its laws to deny them. Suppose, now,
that a State should pass a law authorizing
slavery, or denying the right to vote to per-
sons of color, or, as I blush to say was the
case in the State of Indiana, forbidding a cer-
tain class of persons from entering the State,
and forbidding under heavy penalties any one
from giving employment to any such person,
and suppose that, under color of such a State
law, any person should deprive another of his
liberty, or of his vote, or prevent him from
becoming a resident of the State, this would
be a deprivation of constitutional right and
privilege. The State has no right to pass any
such law. No one has any right to avail him-
self of any such law, to prevent the exercise
of these constitutional rights and privileges.
