482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
By the fifth section of the fourteenth article
■Congress has power to enforce the provisions
of the article by appropriate legislation. Now,
I ask, what legislation could be more appro-
priate than to give to a, person injured by
another under color of such unconstitutional
State laws a remedy by civil action? What
provision of the Constitution is violated there-
by? It will be sought for in vain. Gen-
tlemen are forced to concede that there are
certain rights, privileges, and immunities in-
hering in the citizen by virtue of the Consti-
tution. These rights, privileges, and immu-
nities Congress may enforce by legislation;
and it is proposed to enforce them by this bill,
by the mild remedy of a civil action j and that
is all there is of it.
Now, sir, what is the second section of this
bill? It is simply this. It makes it a penal
offense for two or more persons to conspire
together to do any act of the character set forth
in the section in violation of the rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities of any person to which
he is entitled under the Constitution and laws
of the United States. The Constitution _ and
laws were made to define and protect the rights
of citizens. Can it be that Congress has no
power toprevent conspiracies against the Con-
stitution or against the laws of its own enact-
ing? Such a proposition will not bear argument
since the adoption of the fourteenth article of
amendments.
But I apprehend that it is not against these
sections of this bill that these objections are
more especially aimed, but that the third and
fourth sections are more especially obnoxious
to gentlemen of the Opposition. These two
sections are drawn with especial reference to
the first and fifth sections of the fourteenth
article of amendments. The first section of
this article of the Constitution provides, among
other things, that—
"No Stato shall deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
And the fifth section provides that Congress
shall have power to enforcc by appropriate
legislation the provisions of this article.
The third section of the bill now under con-
sideration is as follows :
Sko. 3. That in nil eases whore insurrection, domes-
tic violence, or unlawful combinations or conspir-
acies in any Stato shall so far obstruct or binder
the execution of tho laws thereof ad to deprivo any
portion or class of tho people of such State of any of
the rights, privileges, or immunities named in and
secured by this act, and the constituted authorities
of such State shall either be unablo to or shall from
any cause fail in or rofuse protection of the peoplo
in such rights, and shall fail or neglect, through tho
proper authorities, to apply to the President of the
United States for aid in that behalf, such facts shall
be deemed a denial by such Stato of the equal pro-
tection of the laws to which they arc entitled under
the fourteenth article of amendments to tho Consti-
tution of tho United States; and in all such cases it
shall bo lawful tor tho President, and it shall be his
duty, to take «uch mcasuros, by the employment of
tho inililia or the land and naval forces of the United
States, as he may deem necessary, for suppressing:
such insurrection or domestic violenoo; and any
person who shall be arrested under the provisions
of this and the preceding section sluUl be delivered
to the marshal of the proper district, to be dealt
with according to law.
It will be observed that this scction defines
■what shall be deemed a denial of the equal
protection of the laws by a State, and it has
especial reference to that clause which pro-
vides that no State shall "deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of
the laws." The constitutionality of this sec-
tion must be measurably determined by first
ascertaining the true meaning of this constitu-
tional provision.
My colleague quoted it, and then disposed
of it in this way. I quote his language:
"I do not need further to refer to this provision
than to say that it manifestly involves no grant of
power." * * * , * "Itis no grant of
affirmative power demanding enforcement by legis-
lation."
I submit, Mr. Speaker, that this is an eva-
sion of the very point in dispute. ^Nobody
pretends that this is a grant of "affirmative
power;" but I do contend that it is an affirm-
ative declaration of a right in every person
within the jurisdiction of the laws of a State,
the right of equal protection. The grant of
power is in the fifth section. But my col-
league disposes of it in the summary way just
stated. It is the Podsnappian mode of getting
rid of a troublesome question, by waiving it
in the background, and putting it out of sight
and out of mind by a bold declaration and a
grand flourish of the hand.
Now, sir, let us see whether it may justly
be gotten rid of in that way. The preamble
to the Constitution which, it is conceded by
all expounders of that instrument is the key
which unlocks it and reveals its true meaning,
declares that one of the objects to be attained
by its adoption is to "promote the general
welfare." I know that this, in connection with
a subsequent provision where the same lan-
guage is used, has been construed to be limited
to authorize Congress to provide for raising and
using moneys to carry on the general machin-
ery of the Government; and for the purposes
of this argument I may concede that interpret-
ation to have been correct, as the Constitu-
tion then was. But, sir, from time to time
additions have been made to the Constitution,
in the form of amendments, to make it more
complete and to make it the more promotive
of the great end of government. The pream-
ble is the light by which we are to look at the
whole instrument, including the amendments;
and if a restricted meaning was given to the
phrase "to promote the general welfare," it
does not by any means follow that no subse-
quent amendment can be interpreted by it.
On the contrary, every subsequent amend-
ment must be construed with reference to this
preamble.
A learned author, in speaking of the pream-
ble, says:
"It is the essonce and epitome of the whole instru-
ment by which IheGovernmont is ordaiued and cre-
ated and its purposes, authority, and duty estab-
lished."
I have high authority for saying that the lan-
guage of the preamble, "to promote the gen-
eral welfare," means, and is broad enough to
cover, " the general protection of the citizen
everywhere."
When the fourteenth article of amendment
was adopted it was in furtherance of this ob-
ject. It was to enable the General Govern-
ment the more fully and completely to carry
out the purposes for which the Constitution was
originally framed and adopted, and the lan-
guage of this fourteenth article must be con-
strued with reference to and in the light of the
manifest objects to be accomplished by the
adoption of that instrument. Now, bearing in
mind that one object was the general protec-
tion of the citizen everywhere, look at the lan-
guage of the fourteenth article so far as appli-
cable to the question under consideration:
"No Stato shall deny to any person within itsjuris-
diction tho equal protection of the laws."
The end to be attained being to protect the
citizen everywhere, when it is provided that no
State shall deny to any person the equal pro-
tection of the laws it certainly is meant and it
is equivalent to a provision that all citizens
shall be equally protected. The word "deny,"
therefore, as here used, must be construed with
reference to the spirit of the whole instrument.
It is equivalent to the phrase "fail or refuse
to provide for," and the true construction of
the provision is: "No State shall fail or refuse
to provide for the equal protection of the laws
to all persons within its jurisdiction."
That this is the true interpretation of this
language is made the more apparent by the
fifth section of this fourteenth article:
"The Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article."
The phrase "no State shall deny," &c., is
a '' provision of tbis article." Is it meant that
Congress may enforce a denial ? No; it means
that Congress may prevent a denial. Congress
may, therefore, enforce it. If it means nothing
there would be nothing to enforce. Such a
construction would convict those who drafted
and adopted this article of having incorporated
into the instrument senseless and unmeaning
verbiage. By every rule of construction an
instrument or a statute, or, if you please, a con-
stitution, must have a construction that will
give it a meaning rather than one which will
make it utterly meaningless. I take it, there-
fore, that when it was provided that no State
should deny to any person the equal protection
of the laws, and that Congress should have
power to enforce that provision, something
was meant. It is just the same as saying in
direct language that all persons have the right
to be equally protected, and the fifth section
empowers Congress to enforce that right.
Butit is argued that this word "deny" only
means that a State shall not affirmatively by
statutory enactment discriminate between per-
sons subject to its jurisdiction. Such a con-
struction would simply amount to this: it
would make this a constitutional provision that
a State should not indulge in legislation dis-
criminating against any of its citizens, giving to
one one measure of protection and to another
a different measure of protection, a character
of discrimination in legislation which would
be an insult to the age, and could not, there-
fore, have been contemplated by the framers
of this article.
But it must be observed, and I think it is
conclusive against any such construction, that
this language cannot fairly or reasonably be
construed to refer exclusively to denial by
statutory enactment. If such had been the
meaning the language would have been "no
law shall be enacted," or "no .Legislature
shall enact," &c., indicating in explicit terms
that it was a statutory denial that was meant.
But the language is "no State shall deny."
What is meant by the word "State?" Obvi-
ously the word is used in its largest and most
comprehensive sense. It means the govern-
ment of the State. What is a State in its true
sense? It is a government, not a mere legis-
lative body empowered to enact laws ; it is a
trinity : the legislative, the judicial, and the
executive; these three are one, the State. It
requires the combination and cooperation of
these three coordinate branches to make the
State government; and when the word "State"
is used in this article it is in this triune sense,
and its constitutional provision means that this
trinity shall not deny, &c. Now, if the legis-
lative branch enacts and the judicial and exec-
utive fail or refuse to perform their respective
parts, does not the State "deny?" If the
Legislature provides penalties, and the judi-
ciary refuses to adjudge them or is unable to
do so, has not the State denied to the citizen
who is the victim of the violation of tljie legis-
lative act the equal protection of the laws ?
A refusal to legislate equally for the protec-
tion of all would unquestionably be a denial.
This conceded, upon what ground cau it be
pretended that a refusal to execute, or a fail-
ure to do so, through inabilily, equally with
reference to all persons, is not also a denial?
I maintain, therefore, that the true meaning of
this constitutional provision is that the State
shall afford equal protection to all persons
within its jurisdiction.
Failing to do this, whether that failure is
the result of inaction or inability on the part
of the one or the other of the coordinate
branches of the State government, the remedy
lies with Congress, for it is provided by the
fifth sectionofthis fourteenth article of amend-
ments that'' Congress shall have power to en-
force, by appropriate legislation, the provis-
ions of this article." Whenever it appears
that any State has failed to discharge this high
constitutional obligation to all of its citizens,
it is not only within the power, but it is the
solemn duty of Congress to enforce the pro-
tection which the State withholds.
And now, sir, who is to judge as to the neces-
sity for congressional intervention ?_ Congress
must be the exclusive judge. It is for Con-
