246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cons.... 1st Sess.
will, I think, satisfy him that certainly two
thirds of the States in which that very ques-
tion ltas been presented have decided, by their
highest judicial tribunals, that the Legislature
might submit that very question to the people
to decide whether they would have it or not.
Mr. BAYARD. I feel indebted to the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont for his recom-
mendation of " a slight study of the reports."
Mr. EDMONDS. I did riot mean that in
any offensive sense, I beg my friend to under-
stand.
Mr. BAYARD. I only spoke of the law as
I believed it to exist, without any reference to
my poor powers to acquire that knowledge. I
know that it is the law in the State in which I
live, and I always considered the decision as
founded on the most just and natural results
of reasoning. I know that it has been followed
in other States, in New York, Pennsylvania,
Wisconsin, and Texas, and gentlemen around
me here concur with me in saying that, as they
understand it, such is the accepted law on the
subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. _ I merely meant to sug-
gest to my friend, without intending either to
be sarcastic or to perpetrate a joke at his
expense, that 1 think he will find that the
current of authority—I do not mean to say
it is by any means uniform, because the in-
stances within his knowledge are the way he
names—but the current of authority, the bal-
ance of authority on that precise point, is the
other way. But my main purpose in rising
was to aak my friend a question with regard,to
what he says as to our right to delegate the
power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus.
Take the jjower to declare war, which is in
terms conhded to Congress, as the power to
suspend the habeas corpus is not, for the Con-
stitution leaves it open for consideration and
discussion.
Mr. BAYARD. We have adjudications on
that point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senator now
whether he cousiders that under the Constitu-
tion and under the adjudications of our courts
the power is in Congress or in the President?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not precisely the
question I am asking my friend, and I prefer
to ask one question at a time. 1 say that by
the letter of the Constitution the power to
declare war is confided to Congress by name ;
the power to suspend the habeas corpus is not;
and it has been a subject of debate, and L sub-
mit to my friend that it is not finally settled
which is the right view, whet her the President
may not suspend the writ, of habeas corpus by
force of his executive power alone in a case
which authorizes it to be suspended at all. i
do not wish, however, to discuss that point
now; but with regard to the power to declare
war 1 ask my friend if it has not happened,
and if it might not reasonably and rightly
happen under that clause of the Constitution,
that Congress, in view of some emergency
which was likely to happen, or might happen
before its next session, should authorize the
President of the United States to raise military
forces and to carry on war against a foreign
State.
Mr. BAYARD. No ; I hope we shall never
see that day when the President ot' the United
States may have an oider to declare wat- that
lie may keep in his pocket or use at his own
discretion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope I shall not see the
day, but it has been seen, I think; and as my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. C-iiiPEXTEu] sug-
gests to me, the Supreme Court of the United
States have, decided that a law shall be a law
or not a law at a time the President himself
may decide. He is to promulgate at what
time a particular statute winch tile United
States pass, to take effect upon a contingency,
shall or shall not go into operation. Is not
that a delegation of power?
Mr. CASSEELY. There is no such case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did my friend from Cali-
fornia say there was no such case?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir ; I say so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall have the pleasure
of furnishing it to the Senator.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not sorry for this dis-
cussion which has been by way of interruption
to my remarks. I know there has grown up
in this country in the last ten years a system
of legislation which does in its result create a
third branch of legislative power. I refer to
that class of laws which enables officers in the
Departments of this Government to give effect
to penalties or remit them at their pleasure.
It is a system that has run through our excise
laws. Those laws are filled with provisions
by which the discretion of the departmental
officer shall be substituted in place of the
strict law, so that penalties and fines shall be
incurred at the will of that officer, and not
according to the terms of the law itself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I do not intend to
interrupt my friend except with his permis-
sion, I ask him to allow me to refer to an
instance in illustration of what I just said.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly, I will yield.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the point of inform-
ation which my friend from California chal-
lenged, I beg to refer him to the case of The
Brig Aurora vs. The United States, (7 Crunch,
382,) where I think he will find the principle
asserted which has been suggested by my friend
from Wisconsin and stated by myself; and if
that case is not satisfactory, I think I can find
him some later one upon the same point.
Mr. THUIIMAN. Will the Senator send the
book here?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the book; I
only have the digest which refers to it. The
book can be found in the Library ; it can be
easily had.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I cannot
imagine a more complete relinquishment of
public duty than for a member of the Congress
of the United States to undertake to delegate
to any officer, to any coordinate branch of the
Government, or to any one, powers which he
is called upon to exercise in his owu discretion
lor the public benefit. The ninth section of
the first article of the Constitution provides
that—
"Tho privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not bo suspended, unless when in eases of lebellion
or invasion tho iniblio safety may require it."
Now, 1 ask the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, and the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, who seems to coincide with him in his
view on this subject, whether there is any case
in the history ot this country where the delega-
tion of their power of decision, the judicial
function of ascertaining and stating whether
the public safety required a thing be done or
not, has ever been made? I do not say that
you may not delegate the power—such a case
may be found, although I am not aware of
it—to the President of the United States to do
certain acts on some contingency of fact.
That is a fixed thing. But here is a grant of
a power which from its very nature cannot be
delegated. The power to ascertain the exist
ence of public danger, the absence of public
safety, is a thing that cannot be delegated, it
is the ascertainment of a iilfet judicially, and
the power to ascertain that is incapable of
delegation. Does the Senator know of any
case, within the principle of such a thing, where
he, as a judge, would be compelled to the ex-
ercise of judicial discretion in ascertaining a
tact, coul'l delegate that discretion to another
to ascertain the tact and then act upon it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is vpry roiL
He has changed the issue. He has executed
what in war times would have beeu called a
great flank movement, and has gone over from
the delegation of executive discretion, acting
upon events, to the delegation of what he calls
judicial power. I have not asserted that judi-
cial power could be delegated.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator is
scarcely fair in talking about turning flanks.
I have read but one provision of the Constitu-
tion. I have considered but one. I have been
talking from first to last in regard to the dele-
gation of the power to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus; and I simply mentioned that
the ascertainment of the fact whether the pub-
lic safety did or did not require certain action
was the exercise of judicial discretion. I did
not refer to the matter as a judicial power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if my friend merely
means by the use of the word "judicial" the
exercise of the judgment of the officer who is
called upon to act., I will take it that he has
not intended to evade the issue, and 1 will
answer the question. I undertake to assert
that it has been the constant practice of this
Government and of three fourths of all other
governments in this country to delegate the
exercise of just such functions as my friend
now explains he means to refer to. When
this rebellion began, or, to please my friend
better, "the late unpleasantness between the
States," the Congress of the United States, by
the vote of Democrats as well as Republicans,
delegated to the President of the United States
the power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus
when, in his judgment, the public safety should
require it.
Air. President, as long ago as the good old
Democratic times of Madison and Jefferson,
the Congress of the United States delegated
to the President of the United States the power
to invade a province of the kingdom of Spain,
to which we,had no claim, and to which we made
no claim and pretended none, and to take pos-
session of it by warlike power if he chose.
My friend is not ignorant of the history; he
has only forgotten the circumstance.
The courts of the United States have decided
over and over again, under the power of the
President to call into force military power to
support the judicial authorities of the United
States, or to put down insurrection, when they
could not exercise their own powers, the lan-
guage of the statutes being from time imme-
morial when these combinations became too
powerful for the judiciary in its ordinary course
to overcome them that the President might
interfere with the war power, the Army and
the Navy. The courts have decided, and the
Attorneys General have decided by an un-
broken line of decision and opinion, that that
power was confided to the President rightly,
and that he was the judge, not in the judicial
sense, under the judicial power, but as the offi-
cer intrusted with the performance of duties,
from whose judgment there was no appeal as to
the concurrence of the circumstances" and the
justification under which he should exercise
that power. When I say from his judgment
there was no appeal I mean except that
appeal by an impeachment of him in this
body, which should punish him for a corrupt
or dishonest use of his powers.
So, sir, in this same Constitution which pro-
vides that we may make war, and under which
we have authorized the President over and
over again to do it, there is a provision that
we are to make rules for the government of
the Army and the Navy. Does not my hon-
orable friend know that, running through many
statutes and from early times, the President
and the Secretary of War have been author-
ized to do that thing, and that those regula-
tions, when thus made, have the force ot law,
binding upon the Army and the Navy ?
Does not my honorable friend know that we
are to exercise exclusive legislation in all re-
spects in the District of Columbia, and have
