1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
But, sir, there is one good feature in this
bill; that is, it applies to all, and it is the only
one I have been able to see. Every act of
Congress passed since the war on I he subject
of reconstruction has been directed specially
against the South. When the rasp is applied
to your adversary, you can sit with great com-
posure and enjoy it, but when applied to your-
self or your friends, the matter presents itself
in a different light.
Every amendment to the Constitution and
every harsh law passed since the war has been
sectional, referring only to the reconstructed
States, excepting one law in regard to protect-
ing the elective franchise. That was the only
national law, and in that you came well-nigh
coming into conflict with your own Governors.
Your Pennsylvania Governor made his solemn
protest against it. Pass this law and send your
troops into Pennsylvania to suppress conspiracy
to commit assault and battery, or conspiracy
to commit larceny, aud 1 guaranty Governor
Geary will not submit to it, and then you will
liaveaconflietof authority between the General
Government and the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman need not be
alarmed about Pennsylvania at all.
Mr. HARRIS,of Virginia. Governor Geary
has given you to understand that the rights of
the States cannot be trampled upon, even by his
former superior, General Grant. There was
conflict between the State of Pennsylvania and
the General Government in the protest of the
Governor in reference to the law to which I
have referred. There will be conflict if you
will continue to pass these laws, to which men
North do not agree. Men of the North have
passions like men of the South, and when they
see you have passed a law here which may be
invoked against them on the slightest pretext
for the invasion of their States, you may have
conflict between the Federal and State author-
ities. Northern men are like southern men,
and they have the spirit of respect for State
rights and for individual rights, and when you
explain to them that the military can be called
on when any two men choose to ask it, I warn
you that your people no more than our people
will submit to a law which so degrades them
and blots them out from existence as States of
this Union.
Mr. KliLLEY. I ask the gentleman what
the people will do there? Would they go
into an armed rebellion against the Govern-
ment?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. No, sir; we
have had enough of rebellion. You will rebel
among yourselves. You will have conflict, but
it will be at the ballot box. I wish to see that
rebellion against your rule at the ballot-box
of the North continue until the party you rep-
resent is driven from power.
We all concede on our side of the House
the unconstitutionality of this bill; but I do
not propose to discuss it in its enlarged view,
as the time allotted to me is not sufficient for
that purpose. But the States have rights as
well as the General Government. You took
the responsibility of first nullifying the laws
passed by the General Government, and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania knows it, by
nullifying that bill, passed by Congress and
signed by the President of the United States,
providing for the return of fugitive slaves
escaping from one State into another. The
Constitution said that should be done, and
Congress passed a law carrying it into execu-
tion. It was you who first defied the powers
of the Federal Government. By nullifying
the fugitive slave law you first denied the
powers of the"Federal Government to legislate
for the States. You first set the example; and
now, forgetful of what you then did, you come
here asking us to pass a law blotting out the
lines of the States and making one grand con-
solidated Government by establishing a mili-
tary despotism upon their ruins. I do not believe
it will be submitted to by the people North or
South; but with a united voice they will hurl
from power the party who would thus trample
on the rights of the people and endanger the
perpetuity of republican institutions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, having yesterday
presented the amendment, offered this morning
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sheixabaiv
ger] as a substitute for the second and third
sections of the bill of the committee, it having
been adopted by the committee, I desire in a
very few words to state the principles on which
that amendment is based and the view I have
of the Constitution and the law in reference to
that amendment. I wish to discuss the ques-
tion as a lawyer and not as a partisan ; and I
may be permitted to remark at the beginning
that I do not see the pertinency of the argu-
ments which have been made on the other side
of the question now before the House. If
there be pertinency in the argument I fail to
see it. I ask the attention of the House for a
few moments while I endeavor to state briefly
the principles of constitutional law on which
the bill as now reported is based.
I think it is within the power of Congress
t.o protect and enforce eveiy right secured to
American citizens by the Constitution of the
United States. I do not believe, and I do not
know of any man who does believe, in the
language of the gentleman who last addressed
the House, that Congress has a right to punish
an assault and battery when committed by two
or more persons within a State. I know of
no one who believes that Congress has any
right to enforce the laws of a State except in
the emergency contemplated in the Consti-
tution, when the State may be unable to do so
by reason of lawless combinations too strong
for the State authorities to suppress. The state-
ment that this bill aims at any such end is an
utter misstatement of its object and effect. The
proposition we maintain is that wherever the
Constitution of the United States secures a
right to a citizen Congress may enforce and
protect that right. One absolute test is this:
Congress may legislate to protect any right the
denial of which by a State court would give the
citizen affected thereby a right to appeal to the
Supreme Court of the 0 nited States for redress.
The rule on this question was stated by Chief
Justice Marshall in the case which has been
referred to so often in this debate, (Cohens vs
Virginia.) and it is the rule which ought to
govern us in limiting the jurisdiction of Con-
gress upon it. lie says :
" If the Constitution or laws may bo violated by
proceedings inM'iuted by a State against iis own
citizens, itnd ii that- violation m.iy be such its essen-
tially to affect the Constitution iind the laws, snoh as
to arrest the progress ot government m its constitu-
tional course, why should these eases be excep ed
from that provision, whieh expressly extends the
judicial power of the Union to all cases arising
under the Constitution and laws?"
He was there speaking of a case between
the citizen and the State of which he is a resi-
dent. Any act that deprives a citizen of a
.constitutional right, that obstructs the opera-
tion of the Constitution of the United States
so far as it affects his right, is within the con-
stitutional power of Congress to remedy. That
right we may protect. I do not carc what
that right is, so it is a right which is secured
by the Constitution of the United States,
either by an affirmative or a negative provision.
Wherever a right secured by the Constitution
touches the person of a citizen, that right may
be protected by the national laws.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I would ask the gentle-
man, if his view be correct, why, under that
broad statement of his, cannot assault and
battery, or any deprivation of property or
liberty, be punished by the United States or
the Federal Government?
Mr. COOK. The reason is that the Con-
stitution of the United States recognizes these
rights as being enforced and protected by the
State authorities. It recognizes iti one event
the right of the United States to interfere and
protect the citizen in person and property,
when, by unlawful combinations too strong for
the State authorities to put down or subdue,
the citizen is deprived of his rights.
Now, sir, if it be not true that the national
law may protect every right secured by the
national Constitution, then it is not true thatthe
citizen of a State owes allegiance to the national
Government in its appropriate sphere of action
when the State commands him to a different
course. I can see readily why gentlemen on
the other side of the House, who hold the doc-
trine that they are bound when a State com-
mands them to a course of action in subversion
of the Constitution and laws of the United
States—I can well see how gentlemen who hold
that doctrine can deny the right of Congress to
enforce and protect a right secured by the
Constitution of the Union. But I cannot see
how any one who believes that, within its proper
sphere and in the exercise of its constitutional
power, the national Government can command
the allegiance of every citizen of the United
States as against the authority of a State, ox
against any combination of men who may arro-
gate to themselves to be the State, in opposi-
tion to the Constitution and laws of the United
States—how any man who believes that can
say that the national Government has not a
right to defend and protect the citizen in the
exercise and enjoyment of every right which
is secured by the Constitution of the United
States.
Now, to my mind the only question perti-
nent to this discussion is, what rights are thug
secured by the Constitution of the United
States? And I believe that when we have as-
certained what those rights are we may then
legislate to protect them. I know that this
is a question of great gravity and importance,
and one which should be discussed cautiously
and carefully. 1 know, also, that it is a ques-
tion of some difficulty. But there are some
individual rights, I think, which can be abso-
lutely and perfectly demonstrated to be guar-
antied to the individual citizen by the Consti-
tution of the United States ; and that not
only by the affirmativeclauses of the Constitu-
tion, but that individual rights exist which are
secured by the negative clauses of the Consti-
tution and which may be enforced by national
law. A second proposition is, that whenever
there is a right inherent in a citizen of the
United States by virtue of the Constitution of
the United States, any combination of men
having for its object to deprive him of that
right, is an offenses against the United States,
and mav be punished by the national law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Do you base that on the
combination of two or more persons, or does
the jurisdiction exist without the combination?
Mr. COOK. I do not base it on the com-
bination ; but the existence of the combina-
tion furnishes the necessity for the action. If
Cabral should declare war against the United
States, and send one man under arms here to
wage war against us, the Government would,
doubtless, have the right to call out the entire
Army and Navy to resist him ; but it would be
mote reasonable to rely upon a single police
officer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Suppose two men should
conspiro to commit an assault and battery on
a person, or to take away any of his rights of
property or of liberty, can the United States
redress that wrong?
Mr. COOK. Only in case the emergency
has arisen, contemplated in the Constitution,
in which the aid of the national Government
may be invoked in aid of State laws. But if
those one or two persons belong to a com-
bination that is too strong for the State to
suppress, then a combination formed by any-
body to prevent the Governor from calling
upon the President in the exercise of his un-
doubted constitutional right to aid the State
in protecting the citizen would be an offense
against the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Because it amounts to
an insurrection or rebellion.
Mr. COOK. No ; because it is a combina-
