248
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4;
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Morton.
42d Cong.... 1st Sess.
stitntional amendments; they opposed the
abolition of slavery ; they opposed the enfran-
chisement of the negroes at every step ; and
that the negroes have obtained a single right
they are not indebted to the Democratic party
for, but every right they have got, civil and
political, has been given to them in spite of
the stern resistance of the Democratic party.
Every speech that has been made on that side
of this Chamber during this debate has been
an argument to show that negroes ought not
to have the right of suffrage; and I believe
as much as I believe anything that if the Dem-
ocratic party were placed in power, the very
first step they would take would be to deprive
the colored people of the right of suffrage.
They are committed to that by their whole
history. They are committed to that by every
argument they make iu this Chamber and else-
where.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator says that
the Republican party has attempted to take
from negroes the right of suffrage in this
District. I ask you, if what has been done
here has not equally affected white suffrage
with colored suffrage? The fact that a terri-
torial government has been established here is
the result of a conviction that has long beefn
entertained in Congress, one that existed be-
fore the war, and is entirely independent of
the question of negro suffrage; and it seems
to me that every Senator ought to know that.
It is well understood that Congress cannot
attend successfully to the business of this Dis-
trict any more than it could attend successfully
to the domestic business of a Territory. It
has always been neglected; and this has always
been the subject of complaint on the part of
the people of this District, and they have
clamored for a District or territorial Legisla-
ture, and liow they have got it, not because
negroes had been granted the right of suffrage,
not because negro suffrage was a failure, not
because the negroes have gone back upon the
Republican party, but because it. is for the best
interests of the people of this District and for
the convenience of Congress, as established
by the experience of many years.
Negroes vote just like white men. What-
ever has been taken away from the elective
power of the people of this District has been
taken from whites equally as from the colored
people, and so far Iroin their power having
been abridged it has been gn itly enlarged.
The white and colored men are now invested
with legislative power in this District that they
never had before. And I meet the Senator
now on the broad issue; ! say that so far from
the people of this District, white or black,
having their political jfower diminished liy the
late act, of Congress, it has been extended and
made far greater than it ever was. Oau the
Senator deny that, fact? And yet in the face
of that incontestable fact he tells us that, we
are dissatisfied with negro suffrage and have
been endeavoring to limit it. B'ull legislative
power is granted to the people of the District.
It is true they cannot elect a Governor, and
they never did. The Territories never elect
Governors. They have all the power now
conferred upon the people of any Territory,
and the simple purpose was to assimilate the
government of this District to the government
of the Territories, and to put the people of
this District upon the same footing and level
with the people of the Territories. They have
a Delegate ia Congress, a thing they never had
before.
Why, sir, so far from having shown our dis-
satisfaction with or distrust of colored suffrage,
we have shown our confidence in it, and we
have given to the people of this District,
wniie and black, a political power they never
bad before. So I take it that the position of
the Senator is entirely overwhelmed. There
is no foundation for it to stand unon.
Now, Mr. President, I shall notice some
things that have been said here in the course
of the debate, and perhaps I shall do so in a
somewhat desultory manner.
It was said yesterday by the Senator from
Missouri, that the only convictions ofKu Klux
that had taken place in the South were of
Radicals—a very important admission—and
exactly equivalent to saying that no Ku Klux
have ever been convicted, because the evi-
dence taken by the committee,and which can-
not be controverted, shows that no Radical,
white or black, can become a member of that
order. The very oath of organization excludes
every Federal soldier, every Republican, every
negro, every member of the Grand Army of the
Republic, every member of the Union League,
so that no Republican, nobody but a straight-
out Democrat, and I may say a secession Dem-
ocrat at that, can belong to that order. So
that when the Senator says that nobody but
Radical Ku Klux have been convicted, it is
exactly equivalent to saying that no Ku Klux
have been convicted.
Why, Mr. President, what constitutes the
KuKlux? It is not tha disguise. That has
sometimes been put on for a purpose by per-
sons who do not belong to that order, who
wish to avail themselves of the horror and the
dread that hang aroutid it in the public mind.
The disguise does not constitute the KuKlux,
but it is the organizalion, the oaths and the
obligations that they take upon them. Coun-
terfeit Ku Klux have been convicted, and con-
victed precisely because they were counterfeit
Ku Klux, because, not belonging to the order,
they put on the disguise of the order for the
purpose of creating the terror that the order
inspires; but no genuine Ku Klux has ever
been convicted. As I had occasion to say here
once before, all Democrats are not Ku Klux
by any means, but all Ku Klux are Democrats,
and no Republican can, from the very nature
of the organization, become a Ku Klux.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Mis-
souri attempted to change 
Mr. BAYARD. May I interrupt the hon-
orable Senator for a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not care in a debate
of this kind, touching as it does such very grave
consequences and propositions in our coun-
try's government, to dispute mere matters of
names ; but having been somewhat familiar
with the testimony under which this charge is
professedly made, I will here remind the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana that so far as the
name of " Ku Klux" is concerned, it may be
termed a nomen geueralissimum. it is not the
luime of a particular society, but, on the con-
trary, it is the name of any disguised band of
men roaming through the country, no matter
what may be their politics. When they under-
take iu disguise and lawlessly to inflict injury
upon individuals, they are termed " Ku Klux.''
'The names given by the witnesses before this
committee were, for instance, " the Constitu-
tional Union Guard," " the White Brother-
hood," "the Invisible Empire," and then they
had also the negro leagues, some with names
and some without. But what I wish to draw
the Senator's attention to is the fact, that when
lie speaks of "Ku Klux" or " Kukluxism,"
for I believe that has become a word, he can-
not refer to the acts of any particular society
by name, but he simply refers to the acts of
disguised men inflicting injuries upon indi-
viduals throughout the country, in which the
question of politics is not proven in scarcely
a case to have existed, or if proven to have
existed, on one side as much as on the other.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as I said
before, the disguise does not make the Ku
Klux because it has been shown that that
disguise has been assumed by persons who
sought to commit crimes under the
of the terror created by that organization. I
refer to Ku Klux true and genuine ; and it is
further true thit those who have assumed this
form of disguise, not only in North Carolina,
but in other States, have in almost all cases
been Ku Klux.
Mr. President, the Senator from Missouri
attempted yesterday to change the issue in this
case and,if I may usearailroad phrase, to switch
the Senate off from the consideration of the
matter really before the Senate and the coun-
try by a referenee to the administration of the
affairs of the southern States ; and it was inti-
mated that the outrages which exist down there
were the result of maladministration on the
part of the Republican officials. I am not pre-
pared to admit that; for though there has been
maladministration in the southern States—
and it is not confined to the southern States
by any means, as I shall show before I get
through —yet I think I shall show fairly that
these outrages do not spring up on that account;
because if they were the result of maladmin-
istration, of corruption, and of thievery it
would be logical to suppose that the punish-
ment would fall on those who have been guilty
of this corruption and of these crimes in
administration. But so farasl can learn from
the evidence and from all the testimony before
me the outrages that have been inflicted have
never fallen upon the thieves, have never fallen
upon the corrupt persons in the southern
States. Why? Because a large portion of the
thieves, as the evidence shows, are Democrat?.
That is one good reason ; and secondly, beci.u e
thieves and corrupt men are not very ol nox-
ious to the Ku Klux, anyhow; and that is a
second reason.
No, Mr. President; the victims have been
innocent men, so far as I know, in no case con-
nected with this maladministration of which
the Senator speaks; and that is a sufficient
answer.
Now, sir, you sometimes hear of bands of
regulators in the northern States sometimes
called vigilant committees; but what do these ■
regulators do? They punish men who are
guilty of horse-stealing, or of great crimes,
where the courts have failed to administer
punishment; but this institution does not par-
take of the nature of regulators, but these out-
rages are committed upon men of certain poli-
tics, men of certain political views who have
had no connection whatever with the malad-
ministration that is complained of.
And now, Mr. President, a few words in
regard to this maladministration of the south-
ern States. It is principally represented as
consisting in the increase of the debts of the
southern States. The debt of Louisiana has
been referred to, and I believe the debt of
North Carolina, and perhaps the debt of Geor-
gia. Now, sir, it is but justice to those States
to say that when the war ended and recon-
struction was begun the great want that was
felt in-the southern States was of railroads.
They had not the capital to construct railroads,
there in the way of private enterprise, as we
have in the North; but the construction was
undertaken unfortunately by the States. It
was so in Louisiana, so I believe in South Car-
olina, so iu Florida, and so in Geoigia. But
in doing this they were simply following the
example of other States and of older Stales.
Why, sir, Virginia has now a debt of about
forty million dollars, 1 believe—I will not be
precise as to the amount—nearly all of which
was contracted for the purpose of building rail-
roads and other works of internal improvement.
And yet v irginia has not got very much to show
for it. I believe the State of Missouri, that the
Senator represents here, has a debt now of
sometwenty-five million dollars, or nearly thirty
million dollars, if 1 am correct.
Mr. BLAIR. Yes; and J[ will inform the
gentleman that the new policy inaugurated by
