486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
tion to deprive a citizen of a right secured to
him by the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But when it is of that
magnitude, does it not amount to an insurrec-
tion or rebellion ?
Mr. COOK. It might or might not. Sup-
pose the combination in the State is too strong
for the State laws to restrain it; and suppose
a hundred men not engaged in that combina-
tion at all should form a conspiracy, by force,
intimidation, or threats to prevent the Gov-
ernor from calling upon the national power
to protect the right of the citizen, that would
be an offense against the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How prevent the
Governor from doing that ?
Mr. COOK. By intimidation, by threats.
Mr. BINGHAM. By making him a pris-
oner.
Mr. POTTER. Then the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor would take his place.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does this bill pro-
vide for the case of the Governor being so
intimidated?
Mr. COOK. No, sir. I use the illustration
only in reply to the geutleman from Wisconsin,
to show that where individual rights, secured
by the Constitution of the United States, are
affected by combination, such combinations
are offenses against the United States. Let
me make an illustration which my colleague
[Mr. Farnsworth] will appreciate. In our
State, not many years ago, there was a law
passed which provided that no property should
be sold upon a judgment of a court, by virtue
of an execution, unless that property should
bring two thirds of its appraised value. Now,
a citizen of the State of New York sued a citi-
zen of our State, and got a judgment against
him, to be discharged under our laws. He
appealed to the supreme court of our State,
and our supreme court sustained that law. 1
am narrating a history which my colleague
■well knows. Then the citizen of the State of
New York, claiming that that law was a vio-
lation of a right secured to him by the Con-
stitution of the United States, which provided
that no State should impair the obligation of
contracts, claimed an appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Now, sir, if my colleague and myself, and a
hundred others in my State, who desired to pay
our debts in real estate at two thirds of the
appraised value, which we might be able to get
our neighbors to place upon it for that pur-
pose, if we had conspired to prevent the clerk
of the court from certifying the case to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and thus
deprived that plaintiff of a right under the
Constitution of the United States, we should
have been committing an offense against the
United States which might be punished by
national law.
I think if the Government of the United
States may not protect a citizen in the exer-
cise and enjoyment of a right secured to him
by the Constitution of the United States, it
cannot rightfully demand of that citizen any
allegiance to that Government, in its constitu-
tional sphere. The duty of allegiance and the
right of protection cannot be separated.
Now, sir, there are other illustrations of this
principle which I might cite. A citizen of the
United States, in any State of the Union, has
a right to vote for any officer of the United
States Government. Ho has a right to have
his cause tried within a United States Federal
court where that court has jurisdiction of the
case. Now, if there be any combination of
men who shall combine and conspire together
for the purpose of preventing a legal voter from
giving his vote or a witness from testifying in
a court of the United States in a proper case,
or to compel a jury in a United States court
to give a false verdict, or to punish him for
giving a true verdict, or to punish a witness
for testifying truthfully, that combination is an
oftense against the United States; for the sim-
ple reason, easily understood, that it seeks to
deprive a citizen of the United States of a right
guarantied to him by the Constitution of the
United States. If you can touch in any point
or particle any right of a citizen secured by the
Constitution of the United States, you might,
upon the same principle and by the same
logic, overthrow the entire Constitution and
destroy the whole Government. If we have
not a right to legislate for the defense of every
right secured by the Constitution we have no
authority to legislate for the security of any
right. That seems to be perfectly plain.
I must hurry on. I cannot amplify as I
would like to do. But there is one other illus-
tration which I would like to make. I, as a
citizen of a State, have a right to support and
advocate the election of any qualified person
to any office under the United States Govern-
ment. That is a right which is secured to me
by the Constitution of the United States.
Any combination of men who shall conspire
to prevent me from advocating the election of
any qualified person to any office under the
Government of the United States, or to a seat
in this House, is an offense against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, for such a com-
bination or conspiracy strikes down a right
secured to me by the Constitution as a citizen
of the United States. The citizen, in the sup-
port or advocacy of any qualified person to an
office under the national Government, is exer-
cising a right secured to him clearly by the
fundamental law of this nation. Hence, a
combination to deprive the citizen of that
right, or to punish him for its exercise, is an
offense against the United States, and may be
so declared and punished by national law.
Mr. ELDiilDGE. I would like the gentle-
man to state how he applies his doctrine to a
case which arose a few years ago in the State
of Wisconsin—the Booth case—in which the
Supreme Court of the United States issued a
certiorari to the supreme court of Wisconsin
requiring the latter court to send up a record.
The State court refused to do so. It was a
case arising under the fugitive slave law ; and
the State put itself in direct opposition to the
United States. The Supreme Court of the
United States did not pretend to say that there
was any power to punish those judges of the
State court; it simply made an order that
some other certificate should be sufficient,
and upon that the Supreme Court acted. No
prosecution was ever undertaken against those
State judges. I ask the gentleman whether
that is such a case as he thinks might be pun-
ished?
Mr. COOK. I ask the gentleman to state
his own view, whether, in his opinion, it is a
case which might be punished.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. That is a convenient way
of evading my question ; but I will say that in
my opinion the case presented no offense under
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. COOK. I will answer the gentleman's
question. If an attempt had been made to
prevent a record being certified to the Supreme
Court in a proper case by force, intimidation,
or threat, it would have been an act which the
national Government might prohibit by law,
and if done in violation of a law might punish.
We have the right to so frame the law that a
man shall not be deprived of a hearing in the
Supreme Court of the United States in a proper
case by unlawful means.
Mr. ELDBIDGE. The Federal Government
had no power in that case to require the action
of the State officers; it had no control over
them.
Mr. COOK. That is an entirely different
question from the one whether the Govern-
ment of the United States may punish a set
of men who combine to prevent, by intimida-
tion, force, or fraud, the exercise of the rights
of a citizen. The gentleman must understand
that.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. The State officers in the
case 1 mention not only threatened not to
do the act, but refused to do it and did not
do it.
Mr. COOK. But they acted judicially; they
did not propose to deprive a citizen of his
right by violence. There was no force, intim-
idation, or threat.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, yes ; and they were
sustained by the whole Republican party.
Mr. COOK. No matter; I must go on with
my argument, for 1 have but very little time.
It does not matter whether a constitutional
right is enacted into a law or uot, so far as the
existence of the right is concerned. And when
you come to punish a combination, to deprive
a citizen of such right, every lawyer knows that
the combination to do any unlawful act may
be declared a crime.
The combination may be to do an act not in
itself a crime but simply unlawful, but a com-
bination to do that unlawful act is a crime ;
or, so is a combination to do a lawful act by
unlawful means. Every lawyer understands
this principle. There are rights secured by
the fourteenth article of amendments. What
are those rights? The amendment provides
that no State shall deny to any portion of its
citizens the equal protection of the laws. That
is the right which the Constitution secures to
every citizen of the United States, to have the
equal protection of the laws, the equal pro-
tection of the laws through the executive, and
through the legislative and the judicial depart-
ments of every State government, and every
combination of men by force and intimidation
or threat to prevent the Governor of a State
calling npon the Executive of the United States
to secure the aid of the United States to pro-
tect the rights of all citizens alike, or to in-
duce the Legislature of a State by unlawful
means to deprive citizens of the equal protec-
tion of the laws, or to induce the courts to
deny citizens the equal protection of the laws
under the Constitution of the United States
is the offense against the Constitution of the
United States, and may be defined and pun-
ished by national law. And that, sir, is the
distinct principle upon which this bill is
founded.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BIRD addressed the House. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. TYNER. Seven days debate on the
pending bill have been sufficient to indicate
all of good and to foreshadow all of evil to be
accomplished by its passage. The friends and
the enemies of the measure ought now to be
content to submit it to the ordeal of amend-
ments and a vote. If others were willing to
do likewise, I would not be found prolonging
this discussion. But I have caught the com-
mon infection, and must, in the ten minutes
allotted me, sum up as best I can the reasons
that will influence my vote. The vote itself
will doubtless be satisfactory to those who sent
me here and the reasons I shall offer to fortify
it may not increase their approval.
I will not commit the silly blunder of dis-
cussing in ten minutes the constitutional ques-
tions involved. My business is simply to refer
to some of the facts on which legislation is
now to be based.
The necessity of legislation to protect the
life, liberty, property, and immunities of citi-
zens of the States lately in rebellion ought not
to astonish any one. It was to have been ex-
pected from the upheaving of the foundations
on which society there rested. One third of
an entire population, in the full enjoyment
of all their rights as citizens, with all their
privileges undisturbed, and with a represent-
ation in the national councils Based, not only
on their own numbers, but on a part of their
property also, for reasons unsatisfactory to the
balance of the world, rashly determined to
submit their destiny to the arbitrament of the
sword. They were defeated, as all armed
enemies of a just Government deserve to be.
Humiliated by defeat, inflamed by passion,
bankrupted in property, and reduced from tha
