1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
enviable position of leaders in national affairs
to the humble one of accepting such terms
of reconstruction as were prescribed by the
United States, it was bat natural that they
would embrace tha situation with ill-concealed
disgust.
No matter, sir, how generous and magnani-
mous the terms on which they were restored
to citizenship, they are rebellious still in spirit
only because they are compelled to become
the political equals of those who were formerly
their slaves. It is not in denying to certain
of the leaders of the late rebellion the right to
hold office, but in the extension of political
privileges to colored men, whereby power has
departed from its former possessors, that we
find an intelligent explanation of their conduct
now. Rescind the last three great amendments
to the Constitution and thus revive slavery and
the domination of the slave power, and no voice
of complaint will come to us from the men
whose lawless acts require suppression by the
power of the General Government.
I will not pause now to compare notes with
gentlemen on the other side of the House who
deny the occurrence of outrages in the South
and lhe consequent necessity of legislation to
prevent their continuance. Whosoever shuts
liis eyes to the facts that come to us in such
shapes as to convince the most skeptical is
willfully blind and will not see. Through
all the avenues of information, through the
columns of the public press, the medium of
private correspondence, and the sworn testi-
mony before an investigating committee of the
other branch of this Congress, the story coines
fully authenticated and uncontradicted by such
evidence as reasoning men deem satisfactory
that, assassinations, murders, whippings, and
mutilations are almost nightly committed 011
helpless and unoffending citizens of the South,
only because they will not bow down before
and worship the god of Democracy 1 That, sir,
is the whole story. Democrats of white com-
plexion are not disfranchised, but colored tie-
publicans are enfranchised, and therefore Dem-
ocrats wreak their vengeance on whites and
blacks alike; and their friends in the North,
yea, sir, in this Hall, either deny the factor seek
to paliiate the crime.
1 do not overstate my case. Enough testi-
mony is now before us, if it were put 111 legal
shape and applied to individual criminals, to
sustain an indictment in a court of justice.
That these outrages are also of a purely polit-
ical character is evidenced by the fact that
they occur in localities where the votes of the
two parties are evenly balanced, and by the
further fact that Republicans are invariably
the victims. Where the majority on the one
side or the other is overwhelming, there men
are permitted to live in peace. To change the
result in such localities voters must be mur-
dered by the hundred and thousand, and so
openly as to certainly lead to the arrest and
conviction of the guilty parties ; and in all the
array of testimony before the country and the
two Houses of Congress not one Democrat is
shown to have been murdered, or even killed,
except in self defense. These facts fasten the
guilt on men who vote with the Democratic
party, and show conclusively that the object
sought is political ascendency.
And these outrages, too, as the proofs show,
are committed by men banded together in
secret organizations, and bound by fearful
oaths, who drill their clans by the light of the
stars, in out of the way places, at the dead
hour of night. In their midnight councils
their victims are selected and the instruments
of torture and death determined on. It is
110 new chapter, sir, in our history. Similar
organizations, for similar objects, have existed
during most of the time for the last, ten years.
They were first brought to light by spies and
informers in Indiana in 1864, where they were
k;iown as Knights of the Golden Circle and
Sons of Liberty. In the famous treason trials
that followed the arrest of the moving spirits
of this order in that State the fact was devel-
oped by the testimony of two of the leaders,
who, to escape punishment themselves, volun-
teered to testify against their accomplices, that
branches of the order existed in Kentucky and
other southern States, and that the object of
the organization was to aid the rebellion.
One of the witnesses who so testified is now
the principal editor of the Indianapolis Sen-
tine) , the chief organ of the Democratic party
in Indiana, and my colleagues on the othef
side of the House have the honor of his per-
sonal acquaintance. Since the exposure of
these parties in Indiana the name of the order
has been changed to that of the White Brother-
hood, with several aliases, and is now com-
monly known to the public as the Ku Klux
Klan, but its objects have not been materially
changed. The purpose still is to aid the friends
of the rebellion by overcoming, even by intim-
idation and murder, the Republican majority
in the southern States, in the hope of putting
the Democractie party into power.
Now, let me not be misunderstood. I do
not mean to say that the Democratic party, as
such, upholds and sustains this infernal organ-
ization. That, would be an inexcusable insult
to the patriotism and lawful character of many
geutlemen who vote and act with it. But I
do mean to say that the membership of the
organization is composed exclusively of Dem-
ocrats, and that' the success and ascendency
of the Democratic party are the principal
objects to be accomplished by it.
But, sir, whether this order, with or with-
out the consent of the Democratic party, is
devoted to its interests or not, is an unim-
portant inquiry as compared with the estab-
lished fact that the lawlessness of its members
constantly puts in jeopardy not only the polit-
ical rights, but the lives of citizens who are
entitled to the protection of the law. That fact
should arrest our attention and insure a speedy
remedy. There is a necessity for the passage
of such a bill as that now under consideration,
if we can rely upon public rumor, private in-
formation, sworn testimony, and the recom-
mendation of the President. Some of the
States are powerless or unwilling to protect
their own citizens, and the protection of the
General Government is therefore invoked. It
is worse than criminal to wait for unfriendly
or overawed Legislatures and Governors to
call for assistance. Why, sir, we are told by
the President that—
"A condition of affairs exists in some of the States
rendciing the carrying of the mavis uud the collection
of the revenues dangerous."
Gentlemen have hardly dared to deny this
statement, so abundantly established by proofs
on the files of the Executive Departments,
but they do deny the power of Congress, un-
der the Constitution, to protect the officers of
the Government in the performance of their
duties. Here, then, we have the fact offi
cially communicated tkat personal rights are
invaded, the laws of the United States tram-
pled in the dust, the national authority defied,
the collection of the revenues obstructed, and
the carrying of the mails rendered insecure,
and yet gentlemen tell us that no remedy is
provided m the Constitution. It is useless to
point to existing laws declaring the robbing
of the mails and the putting of the life of
mail-carriers in jeopardy to be a felony. The
President was aware of the existence of these
statutes, and it does not comport with his well-
known caution and deliberation to suppose
that he communicated these facts without a
full knowledge of what he said. He has told
i:s that "the power to correct these evils is
beyond the control of the State authorities,"
by which he evidently alludes to the violation
of personal rights, and that "the power of
the Executive, acting within the limits of ex
isting laws," is not clear to meet this emer-
gency and to suppress violations of the laws
of the United States.
Now, sir, the only fair construction to be
put upon this communication is, that disorders
are so great in some of the States as to paralyze
the power of the local authorities, aud that the
courts are unable to properly administer the
laws of the United States. That is sufficient
ground on which to base legislation, if no other
facts had come to our knowledge; and the
obligation imposed on Congress to see that the
equal protection of the laws is not denied to
any person is all the justification I want for
my support of this bill.
Mr. LANSING. Mr. Speaker, other pur-
poses and objects occupied my time and atten-
tion when this bill was under general debate,
but I desire to take this occasion to say that I
can, without hesitation or scruple, vote for it
now. I find ample warrant and authority for
it in the Constitution which I have sworn to
support. That Constitution confers upon Con-
gress the power " to provide for the common
defense" and general welfare of the United
States, " to suppress insurrections," and "to
make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the forego-
ing powers." Besides this are the several re-
cent constitutional amendments. These grants
of power are mere vain and vaporing words
unless Congress, by appropriate legislation,
may carry them into effect. Is this bill neces-
sary to provide for the general welfare of the
people of any portion of any of the States?
Have the States, or the local authorities in any
oftheStat.es, failed to accomplish this great and
beneficent object of all proper and legitimate
government?
Sir, every gale which comes to us from the
South brings with it the tidings of renewed
acts of outrage and violence, perpetrated by
organized bands of marauders and murderers,
which the States where they occur have either
no power or will to prevent. I cannot, of
course, in a ten-minute discussion go into the
evidence. Congress and the country have it
in the reports of committees, in the sworn tes-
timony of witnesses, 111 the current and cred-
ible hislory of the times, in the scarcely con-
cealed acts and threats of the perpetrators,
and in the actual presence here of their maimed
and scourged victims.
And yet we are asked to doubt or disbelieve
that any systematic or organized violence is
practiced at the South. I might as well deny
that there was ever a whisky insurrection in
Pennsylvania suppressed by the strong arm of
the military law, under the wise and prudent
administration of Washington. I might as
well deny that Cuesar, Charlemague, Napoleon,
or Washington ever lived, or doubt the sub-
lime truth that a Saviour has died for the
redemption of mankind.
In a large portion of the States lately in
rebellion there is a condition of practical and
positive insurrection. The courts are closed,
juries intimidated or in complicity with the
enemies of the Government, the laws are
silent, officers of justice overawed, and the
very genius of lawlessness and misrule tri-
umphant. Those who have been dealt with
so leniently beyond the claims of either justice
or magnanimity now seem determined to drive
out or annihilate all who will not follow them
in their malignant hostility to the Republican
party. It is purely a political proscription.
It is the relic and remnant of secession, and
must be dealt with by the same strong arm of
the military power that crushed the rebellion
itself.
The mischievous doctrine of State sover-
eignty, so completely overthrown in the field
of argument by Marshall and Webster, and
which never had any warrant in the teachings
of the fathers of the Constitution, is still the
doctrine of the unreconstructed rebels of the
South and the Democratic party of the North,
as appears from this debate ; adoctrine which
lay at, the very root of the rebellion and cost
us all its horrors, blood, and treasure. Jef-
ferson Davis, in a very recent speech, declared
that " State sovereignty, although defeated in
