488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
the late straggle, 'will eventually triumph,"
and never has he seemed more insolent, dar-
ing, or defiant; and this is the spirit on the
other side of the House to-day, and by this
■ sign do they seek to conquer. Shall we hes-
itate to pass this bill, then, from dread of their
jeers and denunciation, which find a fitting
refrain only in the horrors of Andersonville
and Belle Isle or in the wails of the mangled
and murdered victims of the Ku Klux?
The brigand and the robber only plunder or
capture for money, and may accept a ransom;
but the Ku Klux in their crimes are inspired
by political zeal, hatred of a race, and the
bitter memories of a lost cause. All the claims
of gratitude to that race for their submission
and protection in the days of their struggle
and prostration, all the forbearance of this
Government in the hour of its triumph, avail
nothing to induce this deluded people to return
to their allegiance and loyalty. They must
again be made to feel the power, as they have
disregarded the clemency of the Government.
As the rebellion was induced and encour-
aged by the sympathies and sentiments of a
party at the North, so do these disorders and
this state of violence find their encouragement
and instigation in the sentiments expressed on
the other side in this debate, and in the fierce
denunciation of measures of relief and protec-
tion like this.
If the Government has no power to suppress
these outrages, it is not worth the support and
allegiance of this people. Allegiance and pro-
tection are reciprocal duties and obligations,
and if the Government is powerless to guaranty
" to the citizens of each State all the privileges
and immunities of the citizens in the several
States," that it professes and proclaims to do,
then indeed might we as well burn the Federal
Constitution and become "dissevered, dis-
cordant, and belligerent" States; then indeed
is that Constitution but a delusion and a mock-
ery, and all its promises—
" Like Dead aea fruits that tempt the eye
But turn to ashes on the lips."
It was said by one of the ancient wise men
that the best government is that where the high-
est and most powerful citizen is not above the
reach of the laws, nor the humblest beneath
their protecting care.
Of what avail is all the might and power of
this Government if its humblest subjects can-
not find protection beneath the segis of its laws?
What does all the magnificence and grandeur
of this most brilliant Capitol on the globe in-
dicate or typify but impotence and imbecility
on the part of legislators and rulers, if almost
within its very shadow the laws are inade-
quate to protect the lives and property of our
people? This is a question with me not only
of public duty, but of common humanity.
Shall I be callous and indifferent to the terri-
ble sufferings and exposure of these people
because they arenot my own immediate neigh-
bors, or within my own State or county ? I
envy not the man whose heart does not kindle
with sympathy and indignation at every day's
report of wrong and outrage upon both black
and white that comes to us from the dark and
bloody ground of the Ku Klux rule. If I
should hesitate to support this measure I should
not only be recreant to my own feelings, but
unfaithful to a humane and generous constit-
uency.
Sir, nearly ten years ago I stood upon this
floor and vot6<i to raiss men and monsy to
suppress the then outbreaking rebellion, to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus, to abolish
slavery in this District, and for the legal-tender
act, and the same arguments, by many of
the same men, that 1 then heard against these
great and necessary measures to preserve the
Union and the life of the nation I have now
heard urged with the same fierce bitterness
against this bill. We can truly say of these
men that "even in their ashes live their wonted
fires." They still, no doubt, believe and hope,
with Jefferson Davis, that the principle of
State sovereignty will finally triumph. Upon
every submission of these issues to the country
the party that inaugurated the rebellion has
been disastrously if not ignoininiously beaten,
and will be while the people retain their intel-
ligence, virtue, and patriotism; and yet, with
more than a Bourbon blindness and obstinacy,
they still cling to the dead issues of the past.
The great measures to which I have alluded
have been sanctioned by the country and have
passed into history, and this measure is no more
extraordinary nor less legitimate and necessary
than were they, and for none of them, not even
the abolition of slavery, did I vote with greater
cheerfulness and alacrity than I shall vote for
this bill.
I have no hesitation in conferring these,
great powers on the present Executive. His
forbearance and magnanimity have been
proved to be equal to his power of will and
great force of character, and his sense of
justice equal to his great military genius and
ability. He knows well the condition of affairs
at the South and the temper of that people.
And they wellknow him, and upon the passage
of this bill they will understand that submis-
sion to the laws and the constituted author-
ities is all that is left them. Then again will
the Government magnify itself, and still
stronger intrench itself in the affections of
all the people, and we shall, have a lasting
and benignant peace with all the blessings that
follow in its train.
Mr. SHBLLABARGER. I desire now to
make a business suggestion to the House.
Many members wish to know whether it is
proposed that any vote shall be taken to-night.
I propose that after to-day the debate shall be
confined, as required by the rules of the House,
to one speech pro and con on each pending
proposition, which, by the unanimous consent
that has been given, may be ten minutes in
length instead of five. And I propose, before
the session closes to-morrow, to ask the House
to order the previous question; but not until
the close of the sitting.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman mean
to intimate that he will demand a vote on the
bill to-morrow, or merely that he will ask the
House to second the previous question ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will ask the
House to second the previous question?
The SPEAKER. And let the bill go over
till the following day?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My idea was to
have the previous question Ordered to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. And adjourn upon that?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes; and adjourn
after the order is made.
Mr. GARRETT, Mr. BARRY, and Mr.
LAMISON addressed the House in remarks
which will be printed in the Appendix.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, rose.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will yield
to me for a moment I desire to ask unani-
mous consent to have the deficiency appropri-
ation bill, which is on the Speaker's table,
referred to a special committee composed of
those members of the House who were mem-
bers of the Committee on Appropriations of
the last Congress.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What good
will be done by sending the bill to a special
committee ?
Mr. DAWES. Only this: there is no one
responsible for the bill. I do not care to whom
it is referred, but somebody ought to be re-
sponsible and have it in charge. I have volun-
teered thus far to assume with respect to this
bill the functions of the Committee on Appro-
priations. But I do not care to do that for
the bill in the shape in which it is now. There
are no w appropriations of $ 1,500,000 in the bill,
and I do not desire myself, nor do the other
members of the committee who are now mem-
bers of the House, to take charge of the "bill
without being appointed by the House to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Dawes ; the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, Mr. Dickey ; the gentleman
from Indiana, Mr. Niblack; and the gentle-
man from Kentucky, Mr. Beck, constitute the
members of the Committee an Appropriations
of the last Congress who are members of this
House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would
rather that the bill, which is one involving
great principles, should not go to any com-
mittee and should be discussed in the House
Mr. DAWES. I have no choice in the
matter, but I have felt a little delicacy in occu-
pying alone the position I do in reference to
this bill.
The SPEAKER. If there is a single objec-
tion the bill must go to the Committee of the;
Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it should go to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAWES. In making the proposition I
did there was no intention to take the bill oui
of Committee of the Whole ; but it seemed to
me that some committee should be responsi-
ble for the appropriations recommended.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 understand
that all for which the House is responsible is
the first item in the bill.
Mr. DAWES. That is all.
Mr. BRO O KS, of New York. The difficulty
we have about handling a bill of this kind ia
committee is that when a committee of con-
ference is proposed that is the last control we
have over it in the House.
Mr. DAWES. If there is objection to the
proposition I have made, I do not desire to
urge it. I only desire the House to under-
stand that I do not want to occupy the respons-
ible position of a committee on appropria-
tions.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill is sent to a
special committee, it ought to be understood
that _ this is not to interfere with the proper
consideration of it in the House.
The SPEAKER. A single objection will
carry the bill to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any objection?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
to object.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. If we are to
have a full discussion here of the bill I do not
object.
Mr. DAWES. I may state that my own pri-
vate opinion is that this bill is the most remark-
able appropriation bill which has come from
the other branch of Congress since I have
been a member of it. It is a serious question
in my mind whether the bill should not be
wholly stripped of what has been put upon it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let us strip
it in the House when we get at it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will prevail.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the bill will be referred to a special commit-
tee composed of the four gentlemen who have
been named, who were members of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of last Congress.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that we have another
member added, to make the number five.
Mr. DAWES. I made that suggestion
myself to the Speaker.
Mr. NIBLACK. If there are only four mem-
bers, there may not be a majority to recom-
mend anything.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the proposition wil!
remain as it was made. It may be as well that
the committee should not agree.
There being no further objection, the bill
(H. R. No. 19) making appropriations for the
payment of additional clerks and messengers
in the Pension Office, and for other purposes,
with Senate amendments, wa3 taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to a select com-
mittee, composed of Mr. Dawes of Massachu-
