250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
Senate.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Morton.
42i> Cosfi....]sT Sess.
society of Tammany in New York exercises a
controlling power over the Democratic pariy
in every part of the United States. Tlie Sen-
ator did not mean that. If lie did, he never
was more mistaken in his life, and I am aston-
ished to hear anybody say such a thing in this
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator, from Cali-
fornia—of course I do not question his sin-
cerity, I never do that with any Senator—has
given me a bit of news. I thought it was a
notorious fact that the influence of the Tam-
many society was the controlling power in the
Democratic party in New York, and in fact
throughout tnis nation. That is my under-
standing ; I may be wrong, but that is my
understanding—not absolute control.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator pardon
me further?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. In any sense in which
the Senator's language must be taken I must
confess my utter amazement at his statement,
and I believe it will be a surprise to most of
his political colleagues on this floor.
Mr. MORTON. I think not. 1 think I ex-
pressed the general understanding in regard
to it. I think whenever the Democratic party
is in trouble, as it wasin Connecticutyesterday,
it always resorts to Tammany for aid of one
kind or another, ltdid not, perhaps, getquite
enough to answer the purpose in Connecticut
yesterday.
Mr. CASSERLY. I can speak for my own
State. We there do not resort to it, nor to any
other society, secret or public.
Mr. MORTON. Now, in regard to the city
of New York—and J will not confine myself to
Tammany, because that, is a small and select
society or ring, so to speak—but I undertake
to say, judging from the information before
the public, judging from common repute, that
there is more corruption and bribery in the
city of New York in one year than there has
been in all tbo southern States since the end
of the war. And when the Senator comes to
talk about Legislatures, let me say to him
that the Legislature of the State of New York
is understood to he the very paragon of cor-
ruption.
The Senator from Missouri presented yester-
day a photograph of the Legislature of South
Carolina, showing that it was composed of
white and colored men. 1 read au extract
from the Louisville Journal the other day
presenting a photograph of the Legislature
of Kentucky; and 1 saw one iu a New York
piipur the other day of Boss Tweed's Legis-
lature in New York. Now, I should like the
Senator to put this photograph in his cabinet
along with the other he shuwed to us yesterday
from South Carolina.
As 1 said before, so far as the Ku Klux are
concerned, they have never interfered with
thieves and eorruptionists in the South. If we
are to judge I'rotn that fact, they are the friends
of thieves and eorruptionists. It turns out from
the evidence, notwithstanding all that has been
said by my friend from Delaware and by my
friend from Missouri, that the principal rail-
road thief in North Carolina, the man who
bore the principal part in stealing the railroad
bonds that were authorized by the Legislature
of that State, was a Democrat; and the evi-
dence will show that wherever there has been
thievery and corruption going forward, North
or South, the Democrats always get their full
share, and generally, I think, carry off the
lion's share ; and they carry otf the whole of
it in the city of New York.
Mr, BLAIR. They star id no sort of chance
alongside of your fellows. The improvements
the Radicals have made on stealing are abso-
lutely astounding. I wish, to inteinipt the Sen-
ator further in reference to the testimony, fori
do not think he can have read it. He says the
principal thief in North Carolina was a Dem-
ocrat. Sir, the faer, is that the great manipu-
lator, the man who did the whole thing, who
ran the machine, who got up the ring, who asso-
ciated himself with Holden in the conduct of
the newspaper, was Littlefield, who was a Rad-
ical, and who ran off and is now under the pro-
tection of the carpet-bag Governor of Florida,
who refuses to deliver him up on a requisition
from the Governor of North Carolina. If the
Senator has read the evidence he will lind that
to be the fact.
Mr. MORTON. My understanding is that
one Svvepson is the principal thief, though I
may be wrong about that, and that he is a very
pronounced Democrat. What I mean to say
is, that wherever there is thieving going on,
North or South, it is prima facie evidence,
as a general thing, that there are Democrats
about. [Laughter.]
The Senator from Missouri stated yesterday
that the disorders in the South were brought
about by the suppression of popular govern-
ment by the military. That is his proposition,
that the disorders are brought about by the
suppression of popular government by the mil-
itary. Is that true? I submit that my distin-
guished friend is entirely mistaken. I submit
that the South have never had a popular govern-
ment, one that can be truly so called, until now;
that before the war and before reconstruction
the government was placed in the hands of a
part of the people only. Now the govern-
ment, is in the hands of all the people. I be-
lieve all have a right to vote. A few are not
allowed to hold office who aie obnoxious to
the fourteenth ameudment; but I believe that
in all.the States they have a right to vote. No
man is disfranchised from voting because of
his connection with the rebellion, and they
have now got a popular government for the
first time.
He said yesterday, in answer to a question
of the Senator from Ohio, that the remedy
was to restore the right of self-government.
Now, sir, what did he mean by that? I sup-
pose he meant by that to restore the govern-
ment to the white people, to take it from all
the people and give it to a part of the people.
Southern Democracy resisted reconstruction,
as did the Democracy of the North. They
resisted it; they refused to take any part in it.
It was thereby thrown into the hands of those
whom they call carpet-baggers and scalawags
and the colored people. If they had come
forward and accepted the situation and taken
part in reconstruction they would have had
the governments in their own hands in great
part. But they refused; they determined not
to accept the situation; they resisted the action
of Congress by every means in their power,
and the work of reconstruction was thus thrown
into the hands of the men whom they de-
nounced. Why, sir, we have heard continual
denunciations of the colored people on this
floor; of their ignorance and incompetency.
I ask who it was that made them ignorant; I
ask who it was that degraded them ; who it
was that made it a felony to educate them ;
who it was that pressed -them down and de-
prived them of intelligence by every means
in their power? Why, sir, it was their white
masters; and I ask who has a better right to
suffer now from that ignorance and from that
want of qualification than those same white
masters?
The Senator spoke yesterday as if some por-
tion of the reconstruction laws had been decided
to be unconstitutional. I do not know whether
he intended to be so understood or not, but if
hedid he was mistaken. Nopartof t.herecon-
siruciion laws has ever been held to be uncon-
stitutional, and I am informed that yesterday
the Supreme Court of the United States held
that the confiscation law was constitutional,
which has always been regarded as one of the
most harsh and unfriendly laws adopted toward
the Sonth.
The Senator told ns yesterday that the recon-
struction laws were of no more authority than
if they had been enacted by a mob or a town
meeting; and he said that Congress has set
the example of lawlessness and had no right
to expect others to obey the law. He said that
Congress was the great original Ku Klux. Now
I propound the question to that Senator in all
candor, what greater encouragement can be
given to the Ku Klux of the South, what
greater encouragement can be given to the
lawless men of the South, than by making
charges of this kind, by tellingthem that those
laws are null and void?
Mr. BLAIR. Does the gentleman want me
to respond ? He has put a question.
Mr. MORTON. I have no objection if the
Senator does not take too long.
Mr. BLAIR. I only wish to say that I want
to denounce all these crimes, for I consider
them crimes; and to denounce those who
originated the crimes by transgressing the law
and overthrowing the Constitution, is, in my
opinion, the thing which will best subserve
the purpose of preventing crime.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator assumes the
very thing that is to be proven all the time in
his argument.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say that he assumes on the other hand
the thing to be proven.
Mr. MORTON. I think I do not. 1 think
the fair and reasonable presumption is that
the reconstruction laws are constitutional until
they are decided to be not constitutional.
Mr. BLAIR. They have already been so
decided.
Mr. MORTON. I do not understand it so.
I should like to know in what case, where, and
when has any reconstruction law been decided
to be unconstitutional. I have never heard
of it.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman is not so igno-
rant as that.
Mr. MORTON. It was very easy for the
Senator to point to the ease and to the act or
to the section that had been so decided; but
as he failed to do it, I take it for granted he
could not do it. Undoubtedly he would if he
could, because be had time.
lie tells us, Mr. President, that these recon-
struction laws having no authority whatever
are null and void ; but he says the Democratic
party never inculcated the policy of resisting
them. Why, sir, when they tell the people of
the South that these laws are null and void, I
ask him if that is not a direct invitation to
resist them? What is a null law ? What is a
void law? It is no law at all. lam not bound
to obey a null law. 1 am not bouud to obey
any act of Congress that is a nullity, because
in contemplation of law it is no act at all; and
when the Senator has told the people here and
before that, these laws are null and void, and
have no more authority than if enacted by a
mob, it is inviting them to resist them, and
they have followed his advice and are follow-
ing it to-day in many of the States.
But, sir, we were told this morning that the
constitutional amendments were fraudulent.
I have here a letter written by the Senator but
a short time ago—perhaps I have mislaid it —
addressed by him to the editor of the Mont-
gomery Mail, in Alabama, on the 18th of last
month, I think. If I can find it I will again
refer to it. In that letter the Senator distinctly
makes the issue of brushing away the amend-
ments and of brushing away the reconstruction
laws as things that have been created by the
Radicals for the purpose of securing their
power.
Now, Mr. President, I propose for a short
time to consider the legal question that is in-
volved in this controversy.
