1871-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
42d Cong..,. 1st Sess.
Fourteenth Amendment—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
The first section of the fourteenth amend-
ment declares that—
No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws."
The fifth section declares—
" The Congress shall have power by appropriate
legislation to enforce the provisions of this article."
The clause to which I call especial attention
is that which says that no State shall >■' deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal
protection of the laws." If a State fails to
secure to a certain class of people the equal
protection of the laws, it is exactly equivalent
to denying such protection. Whether that fail-
ure is willful or the result of inability can
make no difference, and is aquestion into which
it is not important that Congress should enter.
The meaning of the Constitution is, that every
person shall have the equal protection of the
laws. It is in its nature an affirmative provis-
ion, and not simply a negative on the power
of the Slates. Will it be pretended that the
meaning would be changed if it read, " every
person in the United States shall be entitled to
the equal protection of the laws?" It means
to confer upon every person the right to such
protection, and therefore gives to Congress the
power to secure the enjoyment of that right.
Whenever the Constitution confers a power or
guaranties a right it gives also the means of
exercising the power and protecting the right.
The Government can act only upon individ-
uals. It cannot prevent the Legislature of a
State from passing an act, or compel the pas-
sage of an act. If the effect of the amend-
ment is simply that the United States shall
exert a negative upon a State, it amounts to
but very little, and in fact would result only
in a lawsuit, and would, in effect, nullify the
concluding section of the amendment, which
gives to Congress the power to enforce the
amendment by appropriate legislation. There
can be no legislation to enforce it as against a
State. A criminal law cannot be made against
a State. A State cannot be indicted or pun-
ished as- such. The legislation which Con-
gress is authorized to enact must operate, if at
all, upon individuals.
The Constitution declares that the States
shall not have the power to coin money. How
can that provision be enforced except b.y mak-
ing it a penal offense for any person to coin
money under color of the authority of a State?
This principle was recognized by Congress
in the act passed for the enforcement of the
■ fifteenth amendment, which is in form like the
fourteenth, a prohibition upon the States,
declaring that no State shall deny or abridge
suffrage on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude. In that act Congress
assumed the power to protect the right of suf-
frage, not only against any law that might be
passed by a State, but against a mob, against
any lawless individual, against the unauthor-
ized act of any public officer or election board.
It proceeded upon the hypothesis that the
amendment conferred upon colored men an
absolute right to vote upon the same terms
and conditions with white men, and that Con-
gress had the power to protect and enforce
this right against individuals or organizations,
whether acting in open violence or under color
of State law.
Believing that the fourteenth amendment
intended to secure to every person the equal
protection of the laws, it is competent for Con-
gress to furnish such protection by appropriate
legislation. If there be organizations in any
of the States having for their purpose to deny
to any class or condition of men equal pro-
tection, to deny to them the equal enjoyment
of rights that are secured by the Constitution
of the United States, it is the right and duty of
Congress to make such organizations and com-
binations an offense against the United States,
and punishable by such pains and penalties
as may be prescribed. Whatever conspiracy
may be formed having for its purpose to create
a terror which shall deter any class of people
from the exercise of those rights, it is a direct
infringement of this amendment which may
be punished by the laws of the United States.
This does not involve any question of recon-
struction. We are not proposing to tear up
what has been.done, to reconstruct again, but
simply to provide for the protection of life and
property, to enforce rights that are guarantied
by the Constitution and laws of the United
States.
The protection of the people in their lives,
liberty, and property is the highest duty of a
government. It was said by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blaik] the other day that the
people of the South in the beginning of the
rebellion were absolved from their allegiance
to the Government, because the Government
could not afford them protection against those
who were in rebellion. This doctrine is wholly
unsound ; for it may happen that in the midst
of a rebellion the Government is unable while
faithfully endeavoring to exercise its powers
to grant such protection, and the effect of that
doctrine would make loyalty to the Govern-
ment to depend, not upon any principle of
right, but simply upon the accident of power.
But I will say this: that a government that
does not make an effort to protect the people
is not deserving of their allegiance, and that
the obligation of the Government to protect
the lives and property of citizens at home is
just as imperative as to protect them abroad.
Great Britain went to war, which cost her
many millions and large sacrifices, for the pur-
pose of rescuing five Englishmen who had
been captured by the king of Abyssinia. Re-
cently she has threatened war against Greece
because of the failure of Greece promptly to
arrest and punish the brigands who had mur-
dered two of her subjects.
If half a dozen American citizens were mur-
dered by a mob in London, and the British
Government should fail to bring the murderers
to punishment, or to make every possible exer-
tion to that end, it would lead at once to angry
correspondence, and might lead to war. And
yet is the obligation less to protect our citizens
upon our own soil? Men are murdered with
impunity in many parts of the South every day,
and yet 110 attempt has been made to bring
those murderers to punishment. More men
have been killed in the South for political
causes within the last three years, as I firmly
believe, than by the Indians during the last
twenty-five years.
What are the facts?. Why, sir, thatthewhite
people in many parts of the South who are
Republicans, who are the friends of the Gov-
ernment, have no security for life or property
in the State courts, and that the colored peo-
ple, because of the prejudices against their
race, because they were formerly slaves and
have been released against the will of their
masters, and because they, too, are Republic-
ans, have 110 protection for life and property.
I plead for the security and protection of these
people, not because they are Republicans, but
because they are human beings; because they
are men and women entitled to the protection
of the laws; and I call upon all men, without
regard to party, to unite with me in the sup-
pression of these crimes, and to give to the
citizens of the United States, whatever maybe
their political views, the equal protection of
the laws.
To deny the existence of these crimes is to
protect them ; to excuse them or apologize for
them is to encourage them. Can anybody
doubt that if the leaders of the Democratic
party throughout the North were to unite with
the Republicans in denouncing them there
would soon be a public sentiment in the South
that would suppress them V If the leaders and
those who are responsible for the opinion of
the Democratic parly in the South were to
denounce these crimes and set their faces
against them, can anybody doubt that they
would be effectually suppressed? Do they not
exist, and are tbey not increasing because
they are connived at, because their existence
is denied by those who know of their exist-
ence, or because they are excused and palli-
ated upon one pretense or another? The con-
tinual slanders that are heaped upon the white
people and upon the negroes who suffer these
outrages are an encouragement and a protec-
tion for them.
But it is said that crimes are committed upon
the other side. Doubtless that is so. There
are bad men in all parties; and it is not to
be supposed that the colored people of the
South, hunted, oppressed, and outraged as
they are, would submit to everything tame-
ly; that they would not in some cases retal-
iate, and that they might not sometimes carry
that, retaliation beyond the point justified by
the wrongs that they themselves have suf-
fered. Human nature is the same in all par-
ties and races of men, and it is most unrea-
sonable to suppose that tbese things can exist
for months, and even for years, without provok-
ing retaliation, without provoking crimes and
outrages upon the other side.
But it is clear beyond all question that the
aggressions, as an organized thing, as a sys-
tematic thing, is justly chargeable to those who
have been the friends of and engaged in the
rebellion, and that it is inflicted upon those
who were the friends of the Government dur-
ing the war, or who have accepted the situa-
tion since and resolved to be good and loyal
citizens.
Do these outrages exist ? Have these mur-
ders been committed as charged? We have
the same evidence of that that we have that
there has been a war between Germany and
France. I have seen no one who was present at
any one of those great battles, no one who par-
ticipated in the campaign, and yet the evidence
is conclusive to my mind that there has been
a terrible war waged between those countries
which has scarcely a parallel m modern his-
tory; and the evidence is just as conclusive,
and is of the same nature precisely, that mur-
ders, outrages, and crimes of every descrip-
tion are being inflicted upon the white Repub-
licans of the South and upon the colored peo-
ple. If a man looks at the sun at noonday,
when the sky is cloudless, and tells me there
is no sun, I am not required to believe him,
I may suppose that he is laboring under some
mental hallucination that makes him give the
answer; yet I cannot doubt that there is a sun
and that it is shining. And whatever may be
the denials, the protestations, the apologies,
or the excuses that are offered in the Senate
of the United States or out of it, they cannot
for one moment weaken the conviction upon
my mind or upon the mind of the public that
these outrages exist as charged.
The evidence of them is even more conclu-
sive than is the evidence that there has been a
war between Germany and France. We see
every day those who have witnessed these out-
rages, who live in the neighborhoods where
they have occurred, and we even see some of
those who have suffered either in their own
persons or in their families or in the destruc-
tion of their property. The testimony comes
alike from Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Mis-
sissippi, and Alabama. The evidence is uni -
form that these crimes are inflicted by bodies
of men, generally moving in disguise, having
like organization, movements, and purposes;
and we are not at liberty to doubt that the
