1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
setts, Mr. Beck of Kentucky, Mr. Dicket of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. N lis lack of Indiana.
■WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr, VOORHEES asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the papers in the case of John
M. Lamb.
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 320, for the
enforcement of the fourteenth amendment, and
for other purposes, upon which the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Williams] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, addressed the
House. [His speech will be printed in the
Appendix.]
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Speaker, the difficulty
is not in discovering constitutional objections
to this bill, but in determining which of the
many is most deserving of animadversion. It
strikes me, however, that there is one of them
that perhaps has been passed over, or not pre-
sented in one of its aspects, and that is the
attempt to characterize that as rebellion which
the Constitution has not so defined. What is
rebellion ? It is simply organized treason ; it
is but resistance to the paramount authority
by many instead of one. Rebellion, in its es-
sential nature and criminal aspect, is but a form
of treason; consequently, when in the Constitu-
tion treason is defined, rebellion is also defined.
The definition is generic. You can only deal,
therefore, with whatever is essentially treason,
regardless of the form of its manifestation, as
the Constitution recognizes and provides for it.
The Constitution declares:
"Treason against the United States shall consist
only in levying war against them, or in adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and comfort."
Rebellion, then, against State authority can-
not be treated as rebellion against the United
States, the Constitution dealing only with trea-
son against the latter. Yet, by this bill it is
proposed to characterize a given state of cir-
cumstances, a given series of acts, not within
the purview of the constitutional definition of
treason, as rebellion, those acts being resist-
ance to the authority of a State, or combina-
tion with it, to deprive citizens of merely per-
sonal rights, and not in levying war against
the General Government, or adhering to its
enemies, or seeking its overthrow, or resisting
its authority as such.
No combination that does not aim at a
resistance of the paramount authority of the
General Government, or the United States as
such, can be constitutionally denominated re-
bellion ; and you have, therefore, no authority
under the Constitution of the United States to
treat it as such.
I care not how widespread or formidable the
combination may be to deprive a citizen of his
rights, it may be even to strike at his life; though
a heinous crime maybe th-us committed, it has
not the characteristics of a rebellion, because
it is not primarily directed against the para-
mount authority of the General Government.
Combinations merely to outrage private rights,
however widespread, even ihsurrections, which
the General Government will aid the State with
its military arm in suppressing, lack the con-
stituent elements of rebellion.
But I should not probably have entered
into this discussion if it had not been for the
pathetic and felicitous allusion by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bdtler] to John
Brown as the patron saint of Republican-
ism. As that outbreak of Republican aggres-
sion, its first armed assault upon the institu-
tions of the South, known as the John Brown
raid, occurred under my own eye, and as it
was my fortune to be present on the occasion
to take part in suppressing it, I am personally
familiar with some of the facts of that atro-
cious inauguration of the outrages to which
for the last ten years the southern States have
been subjected. In my own district, just
across the Potomac, a school-house was con-
verted into an arsenal from which to supply
John Brown and his companions with imple-
ments of death in his nefarious work; and it
is a significant fact that the first victim of that
bloody aggressive movement, that first warlike
demonstration upon the South, was a faithful
colored man, who refused to wield the pike
and torch against the unsuspecting community
of his birth.
The history of that outrage demonstrates
that those fully possessed of the fell spirit of
Radical aggression will not hesitate to sacri-
fice the negro himself whenever he shall stand
in the way of the achievement of their cher-
ished purposes; and every school-house will
be made, if not a magazine from which to
distribute the fire-brands and weapons of
actual war, a point of dissemination of influen-
ces that will corrupt the political morals of our
youth, until the Government transmitted by our
fathers will no longer be the object of their
veneration and affection. At the time this out-
rage was committed by John Brown it was
disavowed by the Republican party, not yet
fully alive to its mission, or unwilling to con-
fess it. But after the lapse of twelve years, in
the Halls of Congress, sacred with the mem-
ories which should have imbued us with the
spirit of brotherly love, the patriotic associa-
tions which speak of this as our common coun-
try, we have heard upon this floor a recogni-
tion of John Brown as the patron saint of
Republicanism from the living leader of that
party I
"John Brown's body lies moldering in the ground,
But his soul is marching on!"
exclaims his admirer, in a glow of worshipful
adoration 1
Now, my classical information is that it was
not those who were best upon earth whose
spirits after death were kept restlessly wan-
dering and forever "marching on." But if
the fate of John Brown is enviable and attract-
ive to the gentleman, I certainly shall inter-
pose no obstacle to his speedily seeking his com-
panionship. This world would not thereby be
the loser in its peace and good will, however
the other one might complain of the acquisi-
tion. Think of itl Saint John Brown and
Saint Benjamin Bdtler to be our household
gods! I beg leave, if these are to be our new
objects of worship, to suggest, by way of giving
classical completeness to the Penates, that
Mercury be added as a fitting finish of the trio.
But this apotheosis of John Brown is the
key-note to the history and aims of Radicalism.
In saying this I make many notable exceptions.
I am dealing with the spirit of the party, not
with individual members. The genius of Re-
publicanism has been interference with State
rights, domestic institutions, and social order.
The Republican party was not in reality the
Union party of this country. By the chance
of circumstances the Republican party found
itself the agent to carry out the Union senti-
ment of the country, that sentiment having no
distinctive organization when dissolution com-
menced. But the Republican party was in its
instincts, before the war, as it is in its instincts
now, opposed to the Union ; that is, the Union
as given to us by those who framed the Con-
stitution and administered the Government
through the prosperous days of the Republic
for three quarters of a century; I mean the
Union of Washington, not of John Brown;
that of the framers of the Constitution, not
the tinkers of reconstruction. That old Union
the Republican party, in its essential charac-
ter, has always antagonized; and but for the
circumstance of the withdrawal of the South,
we do not know to what extent the section-
alism of that party would have developed
itself. "Let the Union slide" was its utter-
ance, and the spirit of that sentiment char-
acterized it. It was sectional in the Fr&mont
compaign, its first public demonstration. It
had a mutilated banner as the emblem of its
sentiments and purposes.
Sir, I admit that when the war came on and
the South seceded the Union sentiment found
the Republican party organized, and it was its
available organ. Both sought the subjugaiton
of the South ; but the one to restore the Union,
the other to wreak its vengeance, carry out
the false social theories of the fanatics, the
consolidation theories of those opposed to
State rights, and to aggrandize and strengthen
the politicians who collectively composed its
membership.
At Appomattox the mission of the Union
sentiment was fulfilled, but not that of Repub-
licanism. The enslavement of the States, the
centralization of the Government, the over-
throw of white supremacy, the perpetuation
of its own party power, yet remained to be
accomplished. For six years since the war
closed has Republicanism defrauded Union-
ism of its legitimate fruits and agitated the
country by the ruthless pursuit of these ends,
and the bill before the House is but the latest
and most logical in its series of outrages and
subversions in conducting the crusade which
began with John Brown.
[At the expiration of ten minutes, Mr.
Ritchie, not having completed his remarks,
asked and obtained leave to have printed in
the Globe his entire speech.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust,
however, that the bad example sometimes set
of printing personal remarks not delivered
will not be followed by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Ritchie.] I have no doubt
it will not be.
Mr. Speaker, I desire not to reply to any
personal remarks which have been made, be-
cause almost the only thing that elects some
of the gentlemen on the other side is abuse of
me. [Laughter.] Some of them have been
kind enough to tell me that the best card they
had in their district was to show their people
how they had " berated Bun. Butler." [Laugh-
ter.] Therefore I am always willing to afford
gentlemen just as much as they please of that
kind of appeal to the intelligence of their con-
stituents.
Mr. NIBLACK. Orthodox Christians al-
ways abuse the devil on all suitable occasions.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
difficulty in hearing with readiness what my
friend opposite says. I think I do hear, how-
ever, and I am glad to hear that he is orthodox.
All 1 can say is to repeat once more that I
am glad to allow all that kind of aid to the
gentlemen on the other side.
The other gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Swann,] the Know-Nothing mayor of Balti-
more a Tew years ago, whose electiou cost a
thousand men murdered and struck down in
that city during his term, I doubt not 
Mr. SWANN. I pronounce that a most
infamous slander, coming from an irresponsible
man—irresponsible politically and socially.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
have no generality of denial. Does the gentle-
man deny the Know-Nothingism, to begin with?
[Laughter.]
Mr. SWANN". I do deny that I ever be-
longed to any association that was not patri-
otic, that did not look to the support of the
Union of the States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield for that.
Mr. SWANN. But I do deny that I ever
belonged to an association formed for the pur-
pose of degrading innocent women and chil-
dren and levying upon the property of those
who were thrown in contact with me and who
were defenseless.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now,
then, does the gentleman deny that he was a
Know-Nothing ? [Laughter.]
Mr. SWANN. Deny what,?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why,
deny that you were a Know-Nothing?
Mr. SWANN. No, sir ; I do not deny that,
I did belong to that organization.
