490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
yield any further. I have proved him a Know-
Nothing. Nowl will prove from the Baltimore
Gazette, a paper published in his own district,
that at the late election thousands of men were
maltreated because he was made mayor. It
is a Democratic organ. I would read it if I
had it here; but I have sent for it to the com-
mittee-room. I will publish it:
"With the old Know-Nothing party we have now
no quarrel. Toward the mass of those who composed
it we bear no grudges. But when the men in whose
especial service the ruffianly climbs of other days were
established and supported; when he who for four
years suffered the horrible scenes to be enacted in
our streets, of which there are a hundred thousand
living witnesses here to-day; when that man thrusts
himself forward to claim honors from this people,
•we at once forget his polities in thevivid recollection
of his crimes.
"We see again his policemen ascore of yards from
the polls at which unoffending citizens were merci-
lessly beaten for attempting to vote against his party.
All the sickening details of those days come to mind
again. Thesavage andinsulting bullies who took pos-
session of the polls; the armed gangs which marched
from ward to ward and drove from every polling-
placo in the city every man who dared to oppose
them; thoriflesand revolvers which were flourished
and fired at our worthiest citizens within a hundred
yards of the mayor's office; the maimed and bleed-
ing forms of the victims of the miscreants who held
the polls; the unavenged and cold-bloodedslaughter
of Kyle and others; ail these and a score of similar
atrocities we involuntarily recall. "We recollect,
too, that for that four years' reign of terror Mr.
Swann was indisputably responsible, for he could
have suppressed it in a day; that he took advan-
tage of it on all occasions, and claimed to have been
elected by a majority of nineteen thousand on a day
when ho knew as well as any other man that there
had not been nineteen thousand legal votes cast in
the city/'—jBaltimore Gazette, August 12,1868.
"If the proposition to nominate him \s looked at
from a party point of view, it will strike most men
of ordinary sense that those who are creating dis-
cord, if any is created, are the maneuvering pol-
iticians who aro endeavoring to foist Governor
Swann upon ft party to which ho had only belonged
for a little while, and which ho joined for a price
that has long since been paid him; who are insist-
ing that the Democratic party shall absolutely sur-
render itself to a man whom it has for years pro-
fessed to despise, and who insist that the party shall
send as the Representative of Baltimore to Congress
a man who for years was directly responsible for all
tho murderous violence which year after year kept
the Democratic party of this city from the polls, and
for tho unparalleled frauds of which he soshamc-
1'^vly took advantage when he congratulated the
ii:;lianly 'Red Necks' upon his reelection to tho
mayoralty by a majority of nineteen thousand
votes."—Baltimore Gazette, August 19, 1868.
"It is bccauso ho went into the mayoralty through
the influence of the billy and the revolver; because
he allowed tho most brutal of ruffians to organize
and lord it over this city ; because he was reelected
during a bloody saturnalia which disfranchised nine
tenths of the decent people of the city : because he
refused,with the whole police force under his absolute
control, to prevent the murders and terrible assaults
committed upon hundreds of helpless citizons for
daring to assert their rights; becauso he showed
himself, during all those years of terrorism, indiffer-
ent to the rights aud interests of our people, capable
of conniving at any iniquity to secure nis own ad-
vancement, insensiblo to all requirements of duty
or conscience, and wholly unscrupulous and faith-
less ; it is because of these things that the great
mass of the people of Baltimore have for twelvo
years past held him in abhorrence. As ho became
mayor by mean* of organized violence, so bo became
Governor by virtue of the bayonet. This people
were never disfranchised until he disfranchised
them by rendering his police force a nullity and suf-
fering the gangs of cut-throats then infesting Balti-
more to do their savage work. It is because Gov-
ernor Swann is stained with erimes which cost him
the respect and regard of the great mass of this com-
munity that thousands of citizens now refuse to do
him honor at his bidding. In these perilous times
men ot all parties are cooperating earnestly together.
1 here is a statute of limitations in politics. There is
none for the wanton and deliberate outrages which
Governor Swann suffered to be perpetrated on this
people for years. There is none for the murder of
young Kyle and a score of others who were the vic-
tims of an unrestrained and savage lawlessness which
Governor Swann could have suppressed at any mo-
ment. Baltimore Gazetle% August 21, 1868.
Mr. SWANN. In reply to that, if the gen-
tleman will permit me 
Mr. BO'TLER, of Massachusetts. Icanuot
yield.
Mr. SWANN. Then, sir, he cannot yield
because ho is afraid of the truth.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I decline
to yield. The gentleman took an hour gratu-
itously when I was out of the House to abuse
me the other day.
Mr. Speaker, what I arose for was to say
this: I think it important for gentlemen on the
other side to call up JohnBrown asaninstance
of the invasion of a State government, because
when he marched into Virginia with an army
of seventeen thousand men the State of Vir-
ginia could not conquer him until ithad called
for help the United States marines. [Laugh-
ter]
A Member. He only had seventeen men.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They
appeared to be seventeen thousand to the
Virginians. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. RITCHIE. He went there leaving his
associates behind him.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I say
again, all Virginia could not conquer old John
Brown, with seventeen men, until they called
for the assistance of the United States marines.
A Member. And the militia of Maryland.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
and the militia of Maryland besides. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. TERRY. It was a Virginian who led
them when John Brown was captured.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is
the matter with the gentlemen on the other
side ? They hop up as if sitting on hot pins.
"Let the galled jade winoe, my withers are un-
wrung."
Mr. SWANN. But they ought to be.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. John
Brown, Mr. Speaker, marched, in the interest
of freedom, into Virginia to do acts against the
law and the Constitution. He did that which,
under the law and Constitution, could not be
justified at that time. When he was there what
was done? Exactly what we wish to pass a
law to have done now. Theycalled forUnited
States troops to stop interference with State
law, to protect the people's rights, and to
secure to the people of every State peace and
quiet. Nobody was more ready to call for the
United States troops, when their people were
interfered with and their rights interfered with,
than the States of Virginia and Maryland.
Mr. RITCHIE. They were called for by
the legitimate authorities of the States, if at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
now call the attention of the House to another
thing. Taking the spirit exhibited on this
floor, uncurbed by the time, place, and circum-
stance, or by the proprieties of place or cir-
cumstance, how must the same spirit exhibit
itself toward a poor negro attacked by the
same men, where he .has no one to defend him,
and where jje cannot defend himself 1 The Ku
Klux spirit is abroad. The Ku Klux spirit is
down South; and when men here cannot go
on with proper and ordinary debate without
personal attack and personal violence, what
shall be the fate of the poor suffering black
man down South, all alone and undefended?
It is for that purpose we wish to send down
United States troops; and until gentlemen
make a different exhibition hero we shall need
no other evidence of what will take place there
and what is already taking place there. If
these gentlemen are the best specimens of the
quiet and order down South they can send here,
what must be the case of the worst ones down
there? [Laughter.]
What else do we see follow all this? We see
them seeking to palliate the acts of men who
think they are doing God service in doing
murder, outrage, and wrong, which they see
defended here by their Representatives on this
floor; defended, because'denied when all the
world knows the fact; defended, because pal-
liated ; defended and assisted, if in no other
way, because those bad men are encouraged
by their Representatives on this floor, by their
denial of any power in the United States to
put such outrage down; by the declaration that
no power exists in the United States to pro-
tect the citizen.
And, in addition, we are called on to do what?
We are expected to take our constitutional
law from their Representatives here, are we?
We are to take it from gentlemen who, when
they vacated their seats in this House ten years
ago declared they would never have anything
more to do with our Constitution or this Gov-
ernment. Why do they not keep their words
and stay away? Why come back ? When you
went out you promised never to come back,
and we took you at your word. We supposed
you meant what you said, and we certainly
never asked you to come back ; certainly not
to teach us constitutional law.
We took you at your word, and filled up
your vacant seats. Why did you leave them?
Why do you come back here to undertake to
tell us what is the Constitution of our coun-
try—not yours, for you abjured it; that Con-
stitution which you defied ; that Constitution
which you spat upon; that Constitution which
you once swore you would defend, and then
swore you would no longer be bound by its
provisions and took an oath of allegiance to
another? What do you know about such a
Constitution as ours that you should come
here and attempt to teach it to us who stood
by it, in evil and in good report; who stood
by it when it cost something to stand by it;
who stood by it against your guns and your
bullets, and, when we conquered, allowed you
your lives and your liberties, which you had
forfeited, and protected you in them precisely
as we mean now to stand by our friends in the
South, the negro, who always knew more than
his master did, for he knew enough to be loyal.
We propose to stand by our friends iu the
South and protect their lives, liberty, and
property in the same way as we have pro-
tected and given you yours. [Applause.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
message! from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary.
enforcement of fourteenth amendment.
Mr. SWANN. 1 trust, sir, that 1 shall always
be mindful of the courtesies due to this House.
The member from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
has thought proper to make here, in the pres-
ence of this House, a personal attack upon me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I answered
one.
Mr. SWANN. I cannot yield to the mem-
ber until I have made my explanation. I say
he has thought proper to make a personal
attack on me, and he quotes as his authority
certain communications that were furnished to
him, as I know, for the express purpose, within
a day or two past.
Now, sir, I say that the information upon
which the member has been acting here, in
the assault which he has made upon me and
my State, emanated from the organ of his own
party—an organ, sir, that is represented by a
a man who was disloyal in the beginning of
the war, who was repudiated by the Navy, on
many occasions, for divulging the secrets of
the Government, and who, in the commence-
ment of the war, was confined inFortMcHenry
for divulging secrets which should have been
sacred. That man, sir, was Fulton, now the
editor of the American newspaper, the organ
of the Republican party in the city of Balti-
more. He was confined, as I have said, in
Fort McHenry, and from that confinement he
was released by Hon. Montgomery Blair, of
this city, whom he afterward turned upon and
stabbed, as he did upon all the other friends
who had aided in getting his release.
That man, sir, is followed by a miserable
cur, named McGarrigle, who is associated
with him in the management of his journal,
who, when I occupied a position in the exec-
utive department of the State of Maryland,
was driven from that department for mutilat-
ing the records of the government, after hav-
ing been kindly permitted by me to come into
the office to obtain information in regard to
the current events in the history of that State.
That is the source, s>r, from whence the mem-
